user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198036645650,Recommended,421020,32292606,Posted: 9 June,all,Porkhammer,"Please note: My ""3 hours played"" is not accurate - I have about 40 hours on an alternate account. I had to register my press release key on an alternate account as I had DiRT4 already preordered on this account._____________________________________________________A lot of people have asked me to write a review on this game. I'm really not a review kind of guy - in fact I think I've only done one review before this. However, having played rally games since 1998, perhaps my input can be of some aid to those who are hesitant to spend money on this title. I also have 1777 hours played in Dirt Rally. I feel that this helps a little in forming my opinion on the game.I'll keep it simple. I will list the pros and cons. While subjective, I don't feel like they're biased because I love the DiRT team, though perhaps because I love rally titles.Let's start off with the pros.·Rally school. (or DiRT academy I guess) is highly informative and will teach you some really helpful techniques, narrated by Jen Horsey. No matter how experienced you feel in the art of rallying, it certainly can't hurt to brush up on your skills. I picked up on a couple of things myself I never thought I'd be able to do.·The improvement of handling over DiRT Rally. This includes cars having actual weight, improved aerodynamics (no more randomly bouncing off protruding rocks at the roadside, no more mid-air turning when taking jumps at an angle), more realistic braking distances. The DiRT team have done their homework, and it shows. It feels amazing regardless of what car I am using. Mind, I'm not exactly a fan of modern cars, but so far even those have been enjoyable to me, which was unexpected.·Career mode. By far the best one I've ever seen in a rally game - and I haven't even played through it yet! I think I came about halfway (40 hours played on a separate account upon recieving an early press release key), so it will take a while. You can choose whether to compete with your own (handpicked!) team, or be a driver for hire and race for other teams. You can improve your staff, as well as upgrade your staff's facilities. Nice one, Codemasters.EDIT: How could I forget to mention this! You get to choose your own team name! You also get to choose team colors for your car, as well as numbers, patterns... your name will be put on the side window of your car (or the front fender, depends on the car!), and you can also choose what colors these should be! There's so much lovely customization here.  You can choose up to four separate colors for your team's livery, and whether they should be gloss, satin, or matte to the finish. There's also metallic and carbon finishes.·Upgrade system. This too is a massive improvement over Dirt Rally. The cars no longer have bad performance as you buy them; they're quick from the word get go. The upgrade is of their parts. Bad parts makes them more prone to breaking down or cause issues on the stages. Good parts last longer and will not break as easily. And it really makes a massive difference. I will give a prime example; I attended the weekly Group A event last week (before game release), with a sh*tbox Ford Escort Group A that I had bought used for an owners' club daily. The game warned me that its equipped parts were substandard, but I didn't take much note of it. By my logic, as long as I was driving well, the car would hold up. Nuh-uh. Halfway through the rally, my rear suspension collapsed! I later learned that it was both of the rear springs that had snapped. I had to drive over 5 kilometers with this and it was the most agonizing and amazing virtual rally experience I've ever had.·Damage system. If my above story didn't convince you, I don't know what will. It's just on a completely different level than Dirt Rally. Driving through night stages with bad parts in your car can be especially interesting. Lights can start flickering randomly, or cut out completely. The intercom between you and you co-driver can also stop working at times. You will have misfires even though you're fresh out of service. Yesterday I was on Twitch, and saw Quirkitized become absolutely thrilled as he wrecked his first career event by plowing into a tree at speed and being forced to retire.·The immersion. I have driven through stages where birds near blocked my view, where helicopters actually did block my view by blowing up dust in my face. Animal crossings. Drivers waving for me to slow down, because they've broken down or crashed ahead. Low-flying drones nearly clipping my car. The co-driver moving his (or hers) lips when talking. The look of commitment on the drivers' face. Driving up to the marshal after crossing the finish line. The service area; the fact that you can clean your car between stages! It all adds up into a beautiful experience.·The improved graphics. This seems to be one of the topics people moan most about, but like it or not - the graphics really are improved. I've seen enough Dirt Rally to know this without any doubt in my mind. The reflections are beautiful, the lighting is gorgeous. Textures are crisp. Granted, I cannot max the details in this game, but someday I will...·Your stage. It's better than I expected. I've enjoyed many, many stages from this tool and put on Youtube - and there'll be more to come!·Improved sounds. These become most apparent when using dashcam or headcam, but they've improved the noise of several cars as well. The Ford RS200, Lancia Delta S4, Lancia Delta Integrale, Seat Ibiza Kitcar, Lancia 037, Peugeot 205 T16... to name a few.·The soundtrack. I'm liking all the music I've heard in the game so far, and that's rare. Especially in a rally game.·Improved force feedback. I set it up the same way I did in Dirt Rally, and it feels a lot better; more refined. I especially like it on tarmac. I feel the car perfectly through the wheel.If you'd like good wheel settings, take a look at gheeD's & Kakkela's guide here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=943644875I think that's all for the pros. Now for the cons, of which I can think of three... plus a tiny one.·The rear end grip. It's a little too much, and it regains way too quickly after performing a handbrake turn, or any kind of slide really... why they've done that I cannot fathom, but I am fairly confident that we will see a fix of this. If not... well, I'll probably keep playing, but be a little disappointed as well.·Sweden. It's a little too dumbed down and simple now. I wish for punishing snowbanks, but now you can just drive over them like it's nothing. It is not my favourite location thanks to this, so I choose Wales as my favourite instead.·The tarmac. While they did improve the feel of the cars, and the FFB (massively!) - watching the replays, the movement is still off. It feels good, but looks wrong. Pretty much. I shouldn't be bothered about movement, but I just am. Shame on me.·Please let me disable the mouse cursor! :DWell, I hope this review has been helpful to somebody.I give it 8/10. Best rally game I have ever played."
,Recommended,421020,32335891,Posted: 10 June,all,AUD,This game deserves more love. This is DiRT 4 not DiRT Rally 2.For me sim mode is fine. And gamer mode is newbie welcome.Mostly rally fans will love this game but hardcore rally sim fans might be disappointed.Don't buy this game if you expect to be like DiRT Rally.Here is my solution: DiRT 3 75% + DiRT Rally 25% = you got DiRT 4It's a great game for rally fans.
,Recommended,421020,32371878,Posted: 12 June,all,TylerDurden4321,"First let me say:DiRT Rally was NOT a sim. It a) overdid the new tires-dig-into-loose-surfaces mechanic, it b) didn't touch many simulation topics in regards to power delivery and tire mechanics (very noticable on asphalt) and c) it didn't actually simulate the motorsport with all its rules.DiRT Rally was a game, not a sim. Was it as hard as sim? No, but close... much closer than any Codemasters game before. But the as-difficult-as-the-real-thing part was a mixed bag - on the one hand it was hard because it didn't care to compromise realism for approachability on the other hand some of the things that it simulated badly made the game even harder than real life rallying (this of course goes both ways, other undersophisticated physic-simulation aspects made the game easier).Now to the real DiRT 4 review:DiRT 4 is not a sim, it's a game. The physics aremoresophisticated than DiRT Rally's, especially in the parts that made DiRT Rally inaccurately harder than it should have been.physics simulation review:+ much improved tire simulation on non-loose surfaces (but compared to actual sims it's very ""sim-cade"", it's still a much improved estimation of how a tire behaves close to and over the limit)+ suspension geometry now accurately modeled and influencing the Force Feedback (same idea that actual sims have about FFB, not just self-aligning torque from known curves, but considering levers of the suspension)+ improved angular inertia (weight distribution felt when the car is rotating)+ accurately more noticable difference in grip between dry loose-surfaces and wet(heavy/soaked) loose-surfaces+ improved aero modeling (but not as noticable as the Codies think it is)+ part wear not from direct damage is noticable (and can be improved through more high quality car parts)- all the estimated constants in the physics simulation seem to be more on the forgiving sidedevs made the physics ""best case scenario"" instead of ""best educated guess after intensive research""- the loose-surfaces all feel ""deep""... it's hard to describe: think of a loose surface as a puddle of standing water, DiRT 4 feels like there is no aquaplaning ever and the tire always reaches somewhat deep into the puddlewhat else is easier:- the courses are a lot less technical and 90% of the time also wider (although, that the track limits are often on a slope, is easier and harder at the same time, it's less ""terminal"", but it sends you spinning or jumping into a barrel roll easier)- damage influences the car less- damage is way easier to repair and takes way less time to repair (it's a bit of a joke, like the devs made the gamer-handling rally-damage and repairs and then had no time to put the sim-damage-repair system into the game)- after driving through water splashes are gone within 2 seconds without using the windscreen wiper- it's easier/faster to earn money to buy cars- the AI difficulty (their stage timings) is FAR easier. I almost always win on the highest difficulty (""tough"", not sure if another one is unlocked after finishing the game) with all assists and stage-restarts turned offbiggest issue for me is the ""my stage"" track generator. It's fun, but very limited, after 10 hours you definitely notice corner combination de javus, I assume after 30 hours you've driven every corner type that is in there for 20 times and know ""ah, this is gonna go like that and I take it like this"", same feeling you had from driving a DiRT Rally stage for 10 times and then again after 2 weeks off.Now some positive thingsnotregarding gameplay directly:- on PC the gamedoeslook better than DiRT Rally, graphic effects (like rain, dust etc.) look better and especially the lighting looks very natural, the suede of the steering wheels in the right lighting conditions is the best looking in ANY game today (and I've played and seen the GT Sport and Forza 7 interiors!)- the sound is as good as it was in DiRT Rally and in some respects even better, but not all cars have improved and not to the same degree either-the overall presentation is top notch, a good balance between the clean low-profile DiRT Rally and the'tudeof DiRT 2. This goes for the menus, the intros, the career and team management as well as the incredible soundtrack (it could be more tracks, but what is there is very awesome!)- the replays do a far better job than in DiRT Rally and you can choose to see only helicopter footage and silence the co-driver calls (turn of music or choose the exact song you want)- the co-driver calls are more accurate, what is called out as a ""5"" will never be a 4 and the timing of the calls is more consistent than in DiRT Rally (I assume in DR we all soon stopped complaining about the co-driving effing us over, because we memorized the especially bad calls after the third time or so and knew how what was coming)some final little goodies:- after finishing a stage, you can check on how your opponents did. ""Wait, wasn't Vatanen in the lead, now it's Kankunen, what happened to Vatanen?"" and then you can check in the split-timing table what happened to him, if he had turbo damage or a flat tire for example... and see in what position he is now.- for the english language you can hire a older male co driver who seems seasoned and ""pro"" or a younger female co driver who does just as well but delivers the notes with more fun, a little less serious (feels like she signed up for a charity-rally with a famous driver just for the fun of it)I could still list some minor issues, like for example that the pause-button on my wheel is fixed and can't be assigned or that the non-automatic windscreen wiper option does nothing (bug) ooor that the onscreen-steering-wheel has some added oscillation affect and is not a 1:1 presentation of my irl steering wheel (think ""virtual wheel is on a torsion spring""), but those are very minor issues, some of which will get fixed soon, I'm sure.Now, do I recommend this game? YES, I do(!) ...but if you have DiRT Rally and not completely overplayed that game and if 50 bucks are a lot of money to you, you should probably wait with the purchase for a sale.Either way don't be close-minded about this game and you will have alotof fun."
,Not Recommended,421020,34297174,Posted: 16 August,all,aklru,"I sincerely hope they will fix this game soon.There is a lot of potential, but some enormous obstacles to defeat to get there.(at patch 1.063)Rally is unplayable. Cars don't behave right, and the tracks are boring and repetetive, with unreliable pace notes.Rallycross has superb physics and gameplay, but the tracks are too few still. Not to mention the abscense of Audi!The other disciplines seem fine to me, but they're not my cup of tea.If you enjoy gymkhana, you'll find better car handling there, though still not quite right.Land Rush is fun, but has too few tracks.I'm afraid the Rally part of this game will never be what it was advertised.The handling is weird, but that can hopefully be fixed. Other aspects of physics are better than DiRT Rally.YourStage is a total failure. I hope I'm wrong in believing it's too hard to improve it.Fingers crossed!"
76561198084841887,Recommended,421020,33230972,Posted: 4 July,all,Bender Rodriguez -F1AK-,"After 200+ hours on Dirt Rally and 50+ on Dirt 4 using my G27 wheel I have to disagree with the vast majority of negative reviews for this game and I can say that this is a good, solid, fun game. It's important that it's called Dirt 4, not Dirt Rally 2 because of what the two different titles are trying to achieve. I'm not saying the game is perfect, but it's certainly got a lot of positives to it that far outweigh the negatives in my opinion.To start with, the positives:Car physics and damage models have been completely overhauled and upgraded in Dirt 4 compared to Dirt Rally and Dirt 3. The cars actually have weight to them now and managing the roll and weight transfer under braking actually feels really good. This is particularly noticable in the RallyCross car classes compared to Dirt Rally. In DR, some lurched so much at just the slightest touch of the brakes. In D4 this has been made so much better and they feels great now. Damage is also more realistic and when you damage your gearbox or transmission you actually hear and feel the clunkyness in the engine.The career mode has also seen a large improvement. We have different categories of events from Rally, Historical Rally, RallyCross and Landrush and a huge selection of cars to choose from. You don't have to do anything you don't like and can chop and change as much as you like. As a fan of RallyCross I'm thrilled that junior categories are added as well as more tracks and cars in the RX Supercar class.Adding onto the whole career segment is a team management aspect similar to Dirt Rally but expanded and improved. You can create your own team livery and add sponsors to your car, as well as improving your team's facilities to upgrade car parts and hire better staff.Real time multiplayer has been added so you can race against your friends on rally stages at the same time, rather than just setting times and competing through the leagues feature that was in Dirt Rally. As someone who loves multiplayer this is a HUGE positive for the game and was my #1 complaint with Dirt Rally. To have it added in has been fantastic. There were a few issues with it at launch where players would be disconnected by the game and then unable to rejoin for a period of time however this was fixed within the first week of the game's release.The negatives:We were promised the handling would be exactly like Dirt Rally. It's not exactly like Dirt Rally. Pretty self explanatory, however it's pretty damn close and still very enjoyable. Some cars feel like they understeer a lot, while others always oversteer too much and a select few feel like they're on rails. This can be fixed with car setups pretty easily but hopefully this will be adjusted in a future patch.Your stage and procedurally generated stages. I'm torn putting this here. It's a great addition to the game and adds a lot of replayability, particularly to the multplayer side of the game. I think it's great because it addressed one of the key issues Dirt Rally had in the limited stages you can race on. And for the first 50 hours of Dirt 4 it's been great. However I have noticed a few landmarks or unique sections of certain stages that crop up and know what to expect when I see them. It's still enjoyable, but there needs to be more than 2 variations of a hairpin turn in future ""your stage"" development.Leagues from Dirt Rally aren't in Dirt 4. Ok so I said real time multiplayer was a huge boost for the game and it is, however I don't see why both leagues and real time multiplayer can't co-exist. It's hard to round up my mates and get on for races all the time, so leagues is great in that we can still compete over a week for who has the best times over some stages. Really hope this gets patched in as leagues were a great feature of Dirt Rally and would really help the multiplayer aspect of Dirt 4.All in all Dirt 4 is a great game that I've enjoyed playing. Is it better than Dirt Rally? No, but I'd say it's not trying to be better than Dirt Rally since it's called Dirt 4, not Dirt Rally 2. It has several aspects that've been improved upon from Dirt Rally and is a worthwhile purchase for any Rally fans, especially RallyCross fans! It's easily got the best RallyCross content of any game out there!"
,Not Recommended,421020,34414206,Posted: 22 August,all,AddictivePenguin,"ATTENTION: I FOCUS ON PHYSICS MORE THAN SOME PEOPLE MIGHT HAVE PREFARED. THIS IS DONE BECAUSE THE GAME WAS MARKETED AS ASIMULATION-TYPEGAME. THE ONLY REASON I HAVE 100+ HOURS IS BECAUSE THERE IS NO OTHER RALLY GAME WORTH MY TIMEI rarely post negative reviews because I know that, behind all this, stand passionate people who have devoted hours into providing us with their game, and even if it doesn't live up to the expectations, it's still something they have worked on hard and don't deserve to be bashed about it. But with Dirt 4 I feel like I have been tricked, cheated, so this mindset of mine didn't apply here; thus the negative review.But what is trully wrong with the game?Unfortunately, what ruins everything is the heart of the game. Off-road racing. Dirt 4 is an off-road racing game, it's not a rally game, it's not a rallycross game, it's off-road racing in general. And while I respect that this has been Codemasters' plan with allDirt <number>games, it didn't work for Dirt 4. Either due to lack of developers or time, the end result is an unfinished game. Sure, we managed to get Rally, Rallycross, crosskarts and landrush trucks. However Rally has nothingspecialabout it, neither does landrush, nor crosskarts, nor Rallycross. Codemasters tried to focus on so many things that the result is a stale experience.The game gives you an option to choose between Arcade and Simulation physics.Rally""Simulation"" physics are wrong, especially at mid to low speeds. Despite being marketed as ""Better than Dirt Rally"", all cars are stuck to the ground and you can't carry a slide around a corner no matter how hard you try. I have never driven a rally car in real life, however when I compare in-game replays to real-life ones, they bear no resemblance, especially when it comes to how much they slide.Rallycross has, by far, the best physics. The car behaviour is nearly identicall, if not the same as in real-life. But none of this matters because the FIA World Rallycross championship only has 5 tracks, 3 of which were in Dirt Rally. Worst of all however, the AI which is extremely slow on the straights and doesn't change its line in the corners, meaning if an AI car is slightly faster than you in 1 corner, it hits you and sends you off the track. There is no racing unless you go Online, where there are rarely any lobbies even with the Region set to England, Eastern, or Southern Europe.Landrush only has 2 stages and no real championship, while Crosskarts, which are quite popular in certain countries, don't have any tracks of their own. You must drive them in landrush tracks, or RallyX tracks, none of which suit them well.The Career is by no means immersive. It's basically a series of Championships starting from extremely short ones with 1 event, to bigger ones with multiple events. It may sound interesting but it really isn't, especially when the game forces you to complete similar events in order to unluck the next tier of events, with better Cars. Why should you have to slowly ""unlock"" events and cars, when you could simply go straight to the World Championship because you are good and have the money? While this helps newbies a lot, they could've easily made 2 seperate Careers to choose from; a realistic and a not-so-realistic. But they didn't.Now most people will go ahead and call out YourStage  a♥♥♥♥♥♥feature and while I do admit it could have been better, every new technology has to start from somewhere. Codemasters surely learned a lot from the making of YourStage and hopefully we will sea it again in future dirt games and even in other Rally games by other developers (WRC etc.)Verdict: A person who is just here for fun will most likely find the game enjoyable and won't even notice the problems I mentioned. So don't be shy, buy the game. However if you are a Rally fan who is looking for an immersive experience, think twice before buying. You might probably end up getting it because there are no other Rally titles worth your money, but just be warned.EDIT: As of 20th September, the game has not received any updates feature wise since release. Do not buy it in hopes of future updates, unless you are interested in thecurrentstate of the game."
,Recommended,421020,32398056,Posted: 13 June,all,FOXDIE,"Maybe the best ""user friendly"" gameplay i have seen in many years. The game easily and quickly take you into the action, there is zero pain about what to do and how to do. You just run the game and the rest is pure enjoy. As a gamer who really care about graphics, graphics are ok and immersing at 1440p ultra. You can choose physics settings: realistic (harder) or gamer (easier) in addition to difficulty settings. I have logitech momo racing wheel but i dont have time to play wişth it so i play with keyboard, i know i am not getting the anywhere near the full experience but FYI keyboard is ok for arcade play. I understand  peoples concerns about their expectations from a better physics, i justify their reviews about this issue but i cant stop myself recommending DİRT 4 thanks to its incredibly user friendly gameplay, level, controls, gameplay etc. However i expect ""Turkish Language"", its a big missing for me, despite i can play in English. And there should be ""mouse"" as a controller option. Mouse steering is far better then keyboard if setup correctly, when it comes to arcade racing. Have fun!"
,Recommended,421020,32404642,Posted: 13 June,all,CrysisX,"Give it a chance, will ya?I repurchased the game after refunding. I didn't have an open mind and was listening to all this Realistic Rally Chair experts comparing DR and D4. D4 just released and if anything can be taken from DR's Early Access. Codemasters will listen to there community and make adjustments as needed to the game. Just like they did with DR. And that is better than having a developer not do anything."
,Recommended,421020,32326449,Posted: 10 June,all,Leathersoup,"Coming from DiRT Rally to this game takes some getting used to, but the end result is an extremely rewarding rally experience.  The tracks may not feel as tailored as those of DiRT Rally but there's a seemingly endless supply of them.  Combine this with the varied time of day and weather settings and there's no end to the variety.The online challenges also add a lot of fun."
,Recommended,421020,34746748,Posted: 4 September,all,VERY fast doggo,"How much you enjoy Dirt 4 depends on what kind of game you're looking for:If you want a no-compromises simulation, Dirt Rally is a better choice. If you're instead looking for a decent single player compaign, you're playing with a controller, or Dirt Rally is a little too punishing, I think Dirt 4 is a great choice.Regarding driving physics: I'd say Dirt 4 is a bit more difficult than Forza / Gran Turismo, and is significantly more difficult than Dirt 1-3. It's not a simulation (Dirt Rally is a better sim), but the feel of 4 wheels on the ground is great, and the differences between FWD, RWD, and AWD cars are pronounced.Where Dirt 4 impressed me is in its single player experience. I'm always craving a good racing campaign, and other games have been letting me down recently. Dirt 4's campaign isn't ""incredible"", but I think it's pretty fresh. Since rally stages are randomized, it's not a game about memorizing tracks, which distinguishes the game right away. I like that my AI opponents' times have variety, and sometimes the leading AI will screw up and give opportunities for a comeback. Money is doled out at a good pace, but I don't get flooded with cash. There is also enough choice in what cars to purchase that I can focus on a certain drivetrain or class, or branch out for variety. None of this is groundbreaking, but Codemasters made smart choices and did a good job balancing the game.I also appreciate the little touches, like needing to slow down my car after the finish line, weather screwing with my co-driver's radio, etc, that helps break the monotony that other racing games suffer from.The game does have noticeable shortcomings. I like randomized tracks, but you see tiles repeat a lot and the game could use more track content. The graphics range from decent to last-gen, and the foliage is uglier than Dirt Rally's (weird!). The multiplayer experience is unfortunately pretty bare-bones; the community time-trials are nice, but beyond that I don't bother with it.All-in-all, Dirt 4 scratches my rally itch better than Dirt 1-3 did. Just know what to expect before buying, because you may be more interested in Dirt Rally."
,Not Recommended,421020,34005661,Posted: 3 August,all,twisted,"If you're looking for a robust rally racer, go for DiRT Rally instead which is miles better! You can truely feel the G-forces with the camera shaking and compressing while going over bumps and landing jumps (which is immensely satisfying, exhilarating or whatever word suits you, it feels like a f*****g rollercoaster ride) whereas this feature got completely removed with now a static cam... like what? This game is a joke... gravel physics are off (cars don't drift), rwd physics are a complete step backward and you feel like driving over the same road tiles again and again with the procedural track generating flat roads all over the place. The graphics are also much more realistic in DiRT Rally whereas here, the graphics looks dated, uninspired (especially Michigan), the grass cartoonish and tracks surfaces way less detailed.I could continue on and on as to why this game is a huge letdown, but basically everything Codemasters promised us was all lie because the end product feel exactly like the opposite.(Please take note though the asphalt physics have greatly improved and although the rallycross content still falls pretty short compared to it's real life counterpart, it feels much better.)Overall, it feels like they've released this game in the wild quickly as an easy cashgrab as it's apparent this game could have benefited from an extra year of work. It's like, hey, just add an extra 2 rallycross tracks here, that feature there and we're good to go. There is only 5 rally locations which is ridiculous. The devs even admitted themself (I applaud such honesty and transparency) that they've only tweaked the rallycross cars physics and R5 rally cars without barely touching the rest. During DiRT Rally development, they said they could have tweaked the aero of the cars but it would have impacted the driving negatively and now guess what? this is exactly what they've done just to say this time ''hey, we've tweaked the aero'' as press marketing without telling us the existence of all the issues it introduced under the hood, issues they knew about but didn't gave a dam to fix, which is truely a backstab to their fans. I have nothing against the devteam, it's more about how Codemasters handled the situation. And supposedly they're now working on leagues implementation, like why on hell such a massive feature had to be postponed after launch? Oh and still no VR support.If the physics ever get patched (which I barely think so), this game will still suck because of the track generator ruining the dynamic handling. DiRT Rally have maybe less rally locations, but the fact they're all handcrafted with little attention to details everywhere is spot-on, very immersive and makes it a truly authentic rally experience. There was also hillclimb which got removed from DiRT4 sadly.I don't recommend this game."
76561198018483326,Recommended,421020,33066857,Posted: 30 June,all,Duums,Rallycross is really really well made!  Best out of the market!
,Recommended,421020,32359319,Posted: 11 June,all,MitchellMuffins,"I'm gonna keep this brief. If you liked DR, you will like this game, if you work at it. If you liked Dirt 3, put it in gamer mode and you will like this game. Now as for the previous statement about DR, in DR the cars were always massively tail happy and light. In this game the cars actually have weight and devs have stated multiple times that they are also set up to be neutral and even slightly understeery so that you can drive them safely out of the box. If you want that crazy sliding dirt rally experience you will need to dive into the setup (something that i did not do in rally, but have found to be fun in dirt 4 to dial in that perfect set up). You also need to work on driving technique with this new game. It's going to take balancing the rear under braking and countersteer to initate the slide, then throttle control to make sure you're still sliding at the end of the corner. It's possible because me, being an average driver in DR, has done it.Rallycross is amazing and honestly I hope they add the rest of the WRX tracks in because this mode is the shining light in this gameLand rush is quite fun for a bit but there aren't enough tracks to keep it going for more than a few hours at a timeDirt fish school and free roam mode are awesome if you're not feeling like being too seriousDon't listen to the hype, they just haven't gotten the hang of this new physics (correct physics).Quick start to getting oversteer: Loosen the differentials at the rear, turn in some front tow and soften the rear springs and roll bar and your rear should be shaking about more than college freshmen at a frat party."
76561197965079937,Not Recommended,421020,34359709,Posted: 19 August,all,Mope,"Would not recommend this to anyone who is coming from Dirt Rally or any other Rally game (or racing for that matter).Stages are extremely repetetive, to the point where sometimes you get 2-3 times the same section of Stage in a row.I will not comment anything about car handling ar the rest as for all 35 hrs played I could not get proper feel for the game due to stuttering (rubber banding) caused by god knows what. Definitely not hardware as FPS never drops. Same behavior on Ultra High or the lowest graphic settings. Same on 1080 or one of lowest playable resolutions.Basically stopped playing the game because of above a month or more ago and until it's fixed not planning to comeback.Very dissapointed in spent money on the game so far."
,Not Recommended,421020,34659940,Posted: 1 September,all,campusmaximus,"Having actually RACED in an actually RALLY car in rallyreadyracing in austin TX I can tell you GO BACK TO DIRT RALLY. Dirt 4 is garbage. I dont know who was in charge of the physics but the tarmac guy must have been in charge of the dirt sections as well. The handling on gravel in laughable. Plus what happened to all our WRC favorite and staples like Greece, flying Finland, maybe adding STPR or Oregon Trail or Guanajuanto Mexico(i know 2 of those arent WRC)???? And codemasters PLEASE STOP MAKING US LOG INTO RACENET TO PLAY SINGLEPLAYER!!! ITS ♥♥♥♥ING ANNOYING AND WE LOSE PROGRESS WHEN YOUR CRAPPY SERVICE WONT SAVE!!!!"
76561198064566231,Recommended,421020,34671641,Posted: 1 September,all,saintinel,"I just played this game for the first time (4.2 hours) and I really don't understand all that negative reactions here on steam... Really, this is a great game!I played all Colin McRae/Dirt versions and this one, is really one of the best.Earning money, career mode, make own team, buy/tune/upgrade cars and the whole managemant part, I like the most.So, this game I will play more often for sure. ^^ps. I liked Dirt 3 also far more than Dirt Rally, ...so if this is also the case for you, I would definitely recommend this game. :)"
,Recommended,421020,32615589,Posted: 21 June,all,CaptainCTRL,"Im gonna give this a thumbs up. There is so much good things with this game, but also be aware of some issues.My Top 5 aspect I enjoy:- Wight of the cars is much better from DR. You can feel the weight transfere as you turn, etc.- The stage generator. This is also going in the issue section, but its a huge step into what we want from rally games.- A good Career mode compared to DR. It can be better but again, good step up.- Rallycross! Love it. Feels good, more tracks, and super car lites.- The small things like cars breaking down on the side of the road. Having my radio stop working. I need more of this!For me the Top 5 issues is:- Stage Generator. I could write a whole page on this. It is working but its so simple. Sometimes I have the same ""Section"" 3-4 times in a row. Also the Stages feels really bland, like there is nothing exciting about the stage. Only Spain has some interesting city driving.- The bloody AI. God dammit. The immersion is so broken sometimes. AI setting laps quicker than WR's at foggy stages. Also in Rallycross. They are quick in corners, but slow down on straigths...- Pace notes. For the love of god try to patch it. I might as well turn it off. The calls are all over the place. Not calling rocks outside, never talking about braking uphill or downhill, no camber call out. I dont trust the pace notes at all.- The handling feels of at times. Especially hairpins when using hand break. Suddenly going from overstear to understear. They said they where looking at rear grip so expecting a patch on this.- LET ME DRIVE FEARLESS AT THE START!!! Why would I pick simulation and not be able to drive vs the hardest AI. God Dammit!Overall, Good game but it has some flaws that pisses me off at times. ALSO add some mod support, so we can help you with more sections for the stage generator."
,Recommended,421020,33836919,Posted: 27 July,all,XmattbeeX,"It's no Dirt Rally.Even with their new system that generates tracks, it uses templates and you quickly learn them.Physics is better in some places (weight and aero), worse in others (impossible to drift anything now).I'll recommend this game, but not at full price. Hopefully they're still going to patch to fix a few issues I've mentioned above, and it'll be worth it at half the price."
76561198036383261,Recommended,421020,32345352,Posted: 11 June,all,BloodCat,"A short review from a Dirt Rally and former RBR player.The game really doesn't qualify for all the whiny DR-fanboys sh*tstorm it received. It's overall state reminds me of a DR just out of the Early Access -- low polish, some quirks but lots of potential.The physics are mainly improved from DR, with some 'too much rear grip' notes. The weight transfer is much better though. FFB (G27) is meh, but still better than DR at release. Also, it seems the physics were mainly tested on R5 and R4 groups cars -- those feel almost spot on, as does RallyCross; older cars, especially RWD, are feeling not that good, but Paul Coleman assured that the DiRT team is looking into this. Oh, and the default car setups are really bland and neutered (for those gamepad kids, I suppose), so some tinkering with wheel angles and diff settings makes the car behave more like you'd expect from a Group B monster.The co-driver is better than in DR (I'm playing with Nicky Grist), most of the calls are spot on... and that makes it even more painful when the call is misplaced. Typical situation for such f-ups is a 3 or 2 turn after a long straight -- you basically get that 'right two' call when all braking points are already passed. But, with YourStage system and modular nature of calls I think that would be corrected.About Your Stage. As a general idea -- it's brilliant, a real breakthrough for rally games. As for it's current implementation... technically, it's good, but troubled by a low number of 'pieces' the tracks are composed of, so you begin to recognise same turns over and over again. Again, it works fine, pretty balanced, but really needs more content and variety.Damage model is a bit more detailed than in DR, with added mechanical failures, but it feels even more forgiving in terms of critical damage than in DR. Overall improvement, but really needs to be punishing... don't think it'll hapen though.Career. Career is much much better (vs DR). Divided into four disciplines (Rally, Historic Rally, RX and Landrush), which are further subdivided into levels. The team management is pretty fun, with sponsors, personnel, facilities, etc. The AI in career is very unstable though, sometimes making stagetimes on par with WR, and sometimes laggin behind (Spain and Sweden especially).Graphics and sound seem equal to DR for me, but I'm not really sensitive to this side of gaming. Also I've yet to experience a single gamecrash, but others weren't so lucky, judging by the forums.The interface have some quirks (personal best on stage? reviewing the whole event from service zone? mouse scrollbars? showing complete number of participants in daily challenges? etc), greatly increasing the 'unpolishedness' of game appearance. Also, no CREST or other telemetery tool yet, and no online racer profiles -- again, yet.Overall,as I stated before, the game really feels like DR in it's just released state. I recommend it, cause it's not bad by any means, and pretty realistic and fun as is -- AND cause I assume Paul Coleman and the DiRT Team would work on improving it like they did with DR."
,Not Recommended,421020,32310320,Posted: 9 June,all,Octo Shock,"EDIT:  In case you forgot, Codemasters had promised us for the last several months that this would (in simulation mode) be a propper sim.  I was convinced that they were telling the truth.------------It gives me a ton of pain to do this, but it's only fair.  I'm sad to report that, despite everything they promised about this game, it has somehow managed to disappoint on every level.  I'll be focusing on gameplay.  I have only tested 'sim' mode.--GraphicsIf you were expecting the DiRT 3-level graphics we were all hoping for, this game will fall short.  Not only do they not compare to DiRT 3, they actually look worse thanDiRT Rally.  How did they manage?  Its really THAT bad.--HandlingYou may remember the great debate about DiRT Rally's handling model.  Most hardcore sim fans agreed that, while it wasnt detrimental per se, it had significantly more grip than it should have.  So what did Codemasters do?  They made it even more gluey.  Its absurd. In sim mode, all assists off, you can take grade-3/4 turns in Wales at 80km/h without the slightest break of traction. Why?  It actually feels like the car is fighting you.  The lateral grip is so strong that, if you try to do donuts with the295hpRWD Opel Cadet, the car will simply squeal around in large, oversteering circles.  Power slides are nearly impossible unless you're going over 120km/h on a loose surface.  How, with the supposed help of Petter Solberg and Kris Meeke, did they pass this off? It feels like an early alpha test.--StagesIf you got bored with the handful of tracks in DR like me, 'Your Stage' probably sounded amazing. Like the key to thousands of hours of playablity.  But nope.  Its basically a bunch of turn templates that get snapped together at random.  Sounds great, right?  Well, no.  I'm eight hours into this game, and I can honestly say I've seen a lot of clear repitition.  Instead of memorizing whole stages, you now memorize the bits and pieces that make them up. They might be different, but they don't feel unique at all.Other bits:- No multiplayer (or singleplayer) staggered starts like we begged for.  Watching the car in front of you go does a lot more for immersion than you might think.- The damage system has been expanded upon, but still very poor.  The effects of a crash are in no way realistic.- Team branding is cool, but extremely basic.  You pick one out of (eight I think?) patterns and four colors.  And that's it.- Non-racing immersion is there, but lacking.  At most, you get to see your generic team standing around your car, a comment by your co-driver before they count you down, and you get to slow down for the marshall.  Nothing else.- No VRThe game feels unfinished.  The few new novelties wear off quickly and the handling model is unacceptable for a simulator. And don't hit me with that ""But its an arcade game too!"" stuff.  The success of DiRT Rally is the only reason DiRT 4 was made, and the only reason most of us are here. I wanted this to be amazing.  I even broke my rule of never pre-ordering games for this.If you want an arcade game, get DiRT 3.If you want a simulator, get RBR.  With mods, the graphics aren't too far apart.Maybe in the coming months, CM will work on these situations and we can all drop our pitchforks.  That's what I'm counting on.  Sorry CM."
,Recommended,421020,33457640,Posted: 11 July,all,lilfurbal,"I decided to spend a lot of time with this game before giving it any review, I was unsure of if I preferred Dirt Rally handling or Dirt 4 handling.  Shortly after Dirt 4 released I went back to Dirt Rally for more time, until I finally got motivated enough to give Dirt 4 a bigger chance.  Now I'm kinda addicted to Dirt 4 and am unable to go back to Dirt Rally as it feels really weird there.There seems to be quite a bit more stuff going on in this game as far as the physics and steering wheel force feedback goes.  After you understand what is going on in simulation mode, all assists off and with a steering wheel it feels quite a bit nicer than Dirt Rally.  Especially if you opt to never use the introduction cars ever again.  My favorite car to drive currently is the 2007 Ford Focus.The track generator is neat, it could definitely be improved upon but it does make it so you never quite know where a turn is.  All the various times of day + weather settings are great, and the weather looks great.The AI times are rather inconsistent at times, depending on track complexity and even the car chosen.  This can be rather annoying.  There's also one less location than there was in Dirt Rally.  I do certainly hope for some DLC action, add some new locations, add more new tiles to the existing locations, would really help extend the life of this game quite a bit.My first rally game was Dirt Rally and due to the lack of any real training mode I had to learn by doing.  Over 170 hours in that game it was rather jolting going to Dirt 4, I feel like Dirt Rally teaches some bad habits I had to get over to control my car correctly in Dirt 4.  It's a bit more challenging in that regard, the physics feels more realistic.  Nailing hairpins can be a bit more technical and feels more rewarding once figured out.  Unlike Dirt Rally, Dirt 4 actually has a really nice training mode.  Get to learn all the techniques individually, for however long you'd like, rather than jumping right in and being expected to know what you're doing.Overall this game feels different than Dirt Rally, and some cars are actually more difficult to drive, but I believe their goal was to make things more realistic and I feel like they succeeded.  Lot of fun.  I can't speak much to the rally cross / landrush / online play other than daily challenges."
76561198022968650,Recommended,421020,32382110,Posted: 12 June,all,Sizel,"Well i've done around 8 hours now in dIRT4 and my opinion is that alot of the negative comments on this is not totally justified. To be honest my first hour or so on this was mixed and i was even thinking about refunding but i kept at it. I decided some of the FFB and general steering settings needed some adjustment on my Driving Force GT. Some time spent doing that resulted in a better feel and comfort with the driving. (I use Sim settings on dIRT4) It does feel somewhat different to dIRT Rally (which i have spent many hours on) but i think CM have tried to deliver a better more realistic handling. There is no doubt some of it needs some tweaking, certainly with some of the cars, hopefully with future patches. I have found over my hours spent so far with dIRT4 that i quite like the handling already so further enhancements i hope improve on this.Visually theres more going on. Whether it looks as good as dIRT rally or not i'm not sure but there's more detail here. Broken down cars and people waving  as you approach to avoid accidents. Wildlife running across the road. Drones flying around on stage, choppers kicking up the dust. Driving to the Marshall after stage finish. I'm sure there must be more to see as i put more hours in. With my I5 6600 and GTX970 i run most at ultra at 80+ FPS and runs good 1080p.I find the sound is improved over dIRTrally too. Some of the external crash sounds when your car hits the ditch etc seems abit over the top but overall its better and rally was good anyway.Be careful reading some negative comments on this game. Some like to slam Codemasters, some like to think they are rally drivers who know how it all works and others simply jump on the negative bandwagan because they can.Infact some of the comments on here leading up to release and after really bring out the worse in some people with the words they use.As it stands now i like dIRT4 on sim handling and am getting more into it having set up my new team. I recommend but realise it requires you to put more than few hours in to appreciate it."
76561198120733385,Not Recommended,421020,34153516,Posted: 10 August,all,TheScaniaBeast,I was expecting a lot more form this game to be honest. The cars feel numb and they don't slide around corners. It's like driving on tarmac. This needs to change because if it does then it would be a really good game. All they have to do is just implant the car mechanics from Dirt Rally into Dirt 4 and it would be an amazing game. Dirt Rally is a much better game and I would recommend it instead of this.
76561198159411129,Recommended,421020,32422846,Posted: 14 June,all,Throttle,"A bunch of videogamers making judgements about realistic rally racing physics is laughable.I've played a LOT of Dirt Rally and this game is fine. Rally discipline is done well, but I didn't find Rally X enjoyable. Plenty of online content to keep you entertained for a long time. If you're a rally fan, this game is worth full price.Most important, the game is fun."
,Recommended,421020,32656497,Posted: 22 June,all,pigloaf,"Overall I'm super stoked with Dirt 4 and highly recommend it.Pros* Atmosphere & Engagement - In the service park, career mode, and most importantly on the stages. Dynamic weather, dynamic stage conditions, and immersion. D4 returns me to the feeling I got playing CMR 20 years ago.* Your Stage - executed well. See this keeping the game interesting online, and is especially massive for leagues when they launch.* Cars - in love with the new additions - notably the 205 GTi, Impreza NR4 and i20 R5.* Handling - Feels different to DR, but not negatively. Tarmac is great and cars provide a varying level of challenge.* AI - I can beat tough AI in the early events, but I see myself seriously struggling against brutal AI in the later events - good to see it won't be a pushover.Cons* Some functionality feels hidden in the navigation and difficult to discover / enable.* Some game modes feel a tad bolted on, when i'd prefer even deeper rally & career content.* Would love to get into Leagues / CREST etc now, but I'm happy to wait for a quality experience.* Modding isn't possible yetGet into it!"
,Recommended,421020,32987417,Posted: 29 June,all,Nico White,Very good game.As a real rally driver i say this is so much closer real rallying than Dirt Rally.Dirt rally was too bumpy and the cars rolled middle of the road.Thanks for this great game :)One thing you can do better ;) RWD cars dont slide. Thats sad :(
,Recommended,421020,32448594,Posted: 15 June,all,Cobalt Mongoose,"Finally being able to race with my friends in the same lobby is awesome. I loved Dirt Rally but not being able to race with grinds in stage rally killed it for me. A lot more fun now.  I was skeptical about how well proceduraly generated tracks would work but I'm impressed. I have to stay on my toes the whole race not knowing what is ahead. Like real rally racing i have to pay attention to co-driver calls or loose it. No more practicing the perfect line on a stage to get the best possible time,(you can save favorite stages) now we get way more realistic results. I've read complaints about repeating sections but I play in driver view and i can't tell. Track side detail is left storybook perfect and graphics are not the highest end but not noticeably bad. Its the classic trade off of scale vs detail.  Wheel force feedback for my t300 is not as good as say Asetto Corsa but its sufficient. What I really like are the little touches I've been asking for a long time. car setup menus now include clear understandable picture diagrams. Before the race we get a 3d view map of the stage showing elevation. Dritfish rally school is a great place to just play around with car handling in an open no rules setting. I'm no sure what is up with all the negative reviews i think its a combination of unrealistic expectations (especially when it comes to something niche like motor sport and again more niche by being rally) common among steam users and a split between people wanting a updated dirt3 and those wanted a dirt rally.U can't please everybody but this game counts where it matters most to me. 1. procedully generated tracks means things won't get old. 2. I can race with friends 3. wheel force feedback feels good. I hope in the future they add track IR support and perhaps more location ""biomes"" as perhaps a low cost dlc(price is important here because its dumb to divide a player base in a niche genre)."
76561198028908122,Recommended,421020,32360382,Posted: 12 June,all,Stiff,"Firstly, the initial dislike shown by most reviewers was out of the place. Seems like they just wanted copy-paste of Dirt Rally, as they aren't accepting of changes.I personally enjoy this Dirt more than Dirt Rally. The physics actually feels more realistic, contrary to what the haters at first said. Cars slided way too easy in Dirt Rally. But in 4 you can feel the car much better and the sliding is more predictable based on the surface.In terms of detail, Dirt 4 has it more, which is one of the reasons why I enjoy this game more than Rally. I really like the training/DirtFish area where I can do anything I want.Another nice thing is that you can create your own team, design of the car, get sponsorship's and so on.Menus of the game are nicer, IMO. There's an actual soundtrack now too, which is pretty good.Really enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,421020,32317218,Posted: 10 June,all,cyäegha,"i was cautiously optimistic for DiRT4, and to be perfectly honest, i should have erred on the side of cautioni honestly want to like the game, and the direction codies want to take the series, but it's constantly marred by little things that i just can't shake, like the incredibly inconsistent difficulty; in DiRT rally, 'masters' was 'masters' no matter what mode you picked, no matter what class you chose and no matter where you drovein DiRT 4, 'tough' is pissweak for the duration of your career, but freeplay is suddenly populated by aliens who consistently drive at a much faster pace than the exact same drivers did during careerspeaking of inconsistent, codies upped the game in terms of sim physics for the most part, especially on tarmac and in regards to aerodynamics... then make vehicles stick to the track like glue, while simultaneously dropping the gripoffthe beaten path like a rock, causing spins and slides in such a manner that even rally wasn't wantonand the biggest feature codies, and the media, touted and hyped, is interesting for the first fifteen iterations of a given location, then you notice the exact same track segments in the same patterns and the same order, and the illusion is completely shattered; while you could hotlap rally's stages, at least they had completely unique geometry where no corner within a stage was the same, whereas DiRT4 is nowhere near as picky when it repeats the exact same placement of a signpost after a right 4, over, and over, and over ad infinitumi understand we have to start somewhere, but a grid-based system wasnotthe way to do itthrow in some silly bugs that really should have been ironed out pre-release, like the disappearing rain effects, and you have a complete, mediocre package+somewhatimproved physics in 'simulation' mode, especially on tarmac+ good intentions- disappointing 'new' features, like a grid-based track generator and a watered-down-from-grid-2 branding suite- worse foley and environmental SFX in exchange for more accurate engine noise, and arguably average soundtrack- monotonous environments, not helped by the very formulaic track generation- continually increasing focus on rallycross to the detriment of rally itself- inconsistent difficulty, possibly due to the fact that rally's extensive (by relativity) bogey-testing isn't applicable to generated stages- simply not enough new,carefully craftedcontent coming from DiRT rally to vindicate the gamethen again, if you liked the direction that DiRT3 took the series, maybe you might think it's pretty decentfor what it's worth, i didn't"
,Recommended,421020,32296608,Posted: 9 June,all,seph.au,"NO KEN BLOCK SQUAWKING IN MY EAR! HUZZAH!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKhTSQqkeuoNot perfect but not bad. Maybe worth waiting on a deal & tweaks. While fun to play and does look the part, it's really doing nothing new and has mixed reports on FFB. No problems myself and performance was great though I've only just scratched the surface. Cash to burn and don't care Dirt Rally still has the edge in the sim department? Go for it. Cheers."
76561198073871144,Recommended,421020,34657909,Posted: 1 September,all,flamixin,"Mixed ?? Why ? I`ve already play sim racing game for a decade and I'm sure everything in dirt 4 is as much perfect as dirt rally. I don't think there is a drawback.The physic feels more nature for me on my G27. Trail brake, weight transformation just works perfectly. Force feedback ? I Can't tell any different either. Track layouts feel slightly harder and tighter than its predecessor which is means more fun for me.  Definitely a huge thumb up for this game. Also I love the career mode, running my team is fun."
76561198074893701,Not Recommended,421020,32750084,Posted: 24 June,all,bprasloski,"Honestly, I tried to like this game.... but I just can’t seem to rap my head around the fact that the same company who created (in my opinion) ""one"" of the best rally sims, can turn around 2 years later and release something as appalling as this. Okay the graphics are 7/10 at best, the physics, 6/10, and the replay ability.... 4/10. I can see how on paper randomly generated courses with unlimited variants sounds good, but when I race a single course and see the SAME DAMN CORNERS repeatedly... all of the sudden that idea doesn’t sound so great after all. I tried, I really did but with this year’s triple ""A"" games coming soon I will look forwards to one of them instead.Overall 5.5/10, would not recommend."
76561198078595775,Not Recommended,421020,32385295,Posted: 13 June,all,M1A1_Abrams_RAAC,"A review from a player who plays racing simulators with a wheel and shifter and loves Dirt Rally. Dirt 4 improves upon areas that were weaker in Dirt Rally, including team management, career, upgrades and repairs. The freeroam park is fantastic to play in, the driving to the marshell at the end of the stage is a great touch and the random events during stages such as a broken down car on the side of the road really adds to the atmosphere and is a huge improvement over Dirt Rally.However the biggest drawback in my experience so far, is one of the most crucial aspects, the stages. With much love and praise expressed over Dirt 4's new stage generator, I was excited and then dissapointed. The amount of times I've seen a right 6, left 6, open hair pin right in Spain is annoying, 110, left 5, left 3 in Australia, or a right three, rocks on exit in Sweden and a number of other quickly recognisable sequences. Many of these sequences appear frequently, sometimes twice or even three times on the same stage, making those sequences easy to learn, but also taking out the fantastic unique and challenging sectors seen in Dirt Rally. Every stage is predictable, the calls on point, and the width of the track the same. I miss the well designed, individual, unique rally stages we saw in Dirt Rally. Obviously the biggest advantage is you can't memorise an entire stage like Dirt Rally, however you can memorise the sequences that constitute these stages, making almost every stage recognisable and the same.The physics are also slightly different, cars are hard to slide, grip is immense and it doesn't feel like you're driving on dirt/gravel and this is in simulation mode. Another dissapointment was the loss of the feature which allows for H pattern + clutch and sequential depending on the car you're driving.Hopefully updates will improve the standardness, predictability and almost charactlessness of the current stages in Dirt 4, improve physics and add some more features, but until they do, I would certainly not recommend Dirt 4 over Dirt Rally. If however you are looking for an entry into simulators and are not sure if it's for you or not, Dirt 4 provides an easy introduction, allowing for both simulator and arcade to go hand in hand."
76561198071680413,Recommended,421020,32335996,Posted: 10 June,all,Stocken,"It's not very often I write reviews but it seems to be quite many negative voices out there and thought I should give my impression. First of all, in my opinion as a fan of the simulation side of the racing genre I will say that there are two (Rally) titles that sticks out from the rest, RBR and DR. These are both games that was ground breaking in terms of realism and focus on winning by performing clean stages over flat out/smash in every wall and still win concept. I do believe that Dirt 4 still meets this requirements. I should add that I have not tried anything else than Rally in this games as this and Rally cross are the only two categories that interest me.So what are the pros and cons with Dirt 4 after 11h of playing?Pros:- The cars handling are very good, in my view equal or better than DR. Just because a car is 4WD doesn't mean that you can just turn the wheel and get a perfect slide throughout the hair pin, in Dirt 4 it feels as if the timing/speed and how the cars handles are very realistic.- Graphics are good. The game actually, for some reason started my game in a very low resolution without me noticing and it was not until 8h in I realized, and still the graphics were ok. Once changed to high res I really do think that the graphics are very good. Especially a rainy road and the car details- The campaign is amazing and I'm so happy to see that the categories are separated and I don't have to do 1 stage Rally followed by some idiotic American stadium carts. Thanks for that!!- The team setup page with sponsors and car appearence is a nice touch- Not an fan of online play but have tried it out very briefly and was actually quite thrilling fun, might do it more- Generate your random stage and share is a great conceptCons:- Difficulty settings seems a bit strange. I'm currently running at level 3 out of 4 and since starting the game I have not been first on 4 stages in 11h of playing.- Had some issues with FF in the beginning but blame my steering wheel rather than game. Driving with a Fanatec Porsche GT3 v2 wheel.- Could have skipped the cross carts or what ever they are and focused on Rally cross and Rally. I'm well aware that this is a sequal to Dirt 1, 2, 3 and not Dirt Rally but I don't care. They suck anyways.- Arcade time trial/attack is rediculous and feels like a combination of Dirt Rally and Sonic.- If they would have skipped the Cart part they might have been able to add another country or two. As in DR the numbers of countries are very limited. This is one of the biggest issues I saw with DR because every country have their own challanges and charm and with the limited variaty the stage generator is still going to be basically the same, but with new corners.As a conclusion, I'm really happy I purchased the game even though reading all the negative reviews because Dirt 4 is a really good Rally simulator that i think I'm going to have great fun playing for quite some time."
,Recommended,421020,32334538,Posted: 10 June,all,0600Zulu,"I've played every DiRT game, including DR (150 hours), and I gotta say don't let the negative reviews on D4 discourage you. For one, I'm willing to bet that the vast majority of people who claim the handling is 'unrealistic' have no idea what 'realistic' handling is - myself included (and I enjoy playing all sorts of sims, DR and RBR included!). Even though it feels different than DR, I can tell you that it is fun and challenging. The career mode is *vastly* superior and more fleshed out than DR. Online play is also more rewarding, as driver skill plays a much larger role than memorization due to the more varied nature of stages. Additionally, wheel support feels much better to me (I use CSL Elite).The only notable downsides are the low number of track 'pieces' (you'll start to recognize sections of repeated track) and the lack of VR support. The former is mitigated because even though you'll see the same small pieces of track, the sequencing of those pieces changes the dynamic of the course (so this complaint is more of a cosmetic issue for now). I would very much like to see future updates/free DLC include additional track pieces to make up custom stages.Bottom line: if you enjoyed any of the DiRT games (including DR) and are willing to accept something that just feels different, you'll like D4 - it's very fun!  I've put about 10 hours in so far, and I know I'll be putting in many, many more."
76561198016025295,Recommended,421020,32400725,Posted: 13 June,all,Ravus Wolf,"Best rally game i've ever played. This is coming from someone that has played pretty much every rally focused codemasters game as well as the famous richard burns rally. Contrary to what most negative reviews have said here the physics as a whole is actually objectively better in Dirt 4 compared to Dirt rally.Weight is massively improved and the aerodynamics noticeably better, you no longer drive on the moon which is great. The overall grip level may be just slightly too high but thats open for debate but the general consensus seems to be that the rear end has too much grip on gravel, especially on older rwd cars making it very hard to powerslide through corners which is a shame. However the game feels very realistic and the claims that its an arcade game is just silly.Graphics 8/10Inconsistent is the best way to describe the graphics in Dirt 4. Trees, grass and flora looks pretty mediocre even on ultra and in the distance looks pretty terrible. On the other hand the lighting is absolutely phenomenal and captures reality better than I have ever seen in a game before. Driving in the sunrise in Spain is mind blowing. The weather looks fantastic especially the rain.Sound 10/10Gameplay 9/10I have already touched on the physics aspect of the game but looking at what Dirt 4 offers in terms of gameplay I have to say its everything I want in a rally game. The stage generator is not perfect but overall its great. After playing for several hours at the same location you will start to recognize corners and sections but thats pretty much unavoidable in a video game. It is still much harder to memorize stages and you never know what combination of corners that is in front of you so I definitely prefer it even though it could see some improvements. The AI is too slow on ""tough"" (the hardest before you unlock fearless) in general, too slow AI seems to be the standard today for some reason, I really hope the ""fearless"" is going to provide a big challange.Overall 9/10Some things that prevents this game from becoming unbeatable ;- Too slow AI- Stage generator could be more interesting and challenging, lack of really narrow sections, unpredictability and variety- No Finland ;(- Too much much grip in the rear, especially in the older cars- Not enough locations. So many cars but only 5 Locations to race them on, please add more locations in dlcs! I would love to see more rally countries, more rallycross and landrush countries as well because its lacking right now.Do I recommend this game? YES. The only reason you would not get this game is if you can't accept anything that isn'tDirt rally or just hate rally games in general, otherwise get this fantastic game. The negative reviews here are completely unjustified as many has already pointed out."
76561197970429378,Recommended,421020,34652405,Posted: 31 August,all,IkeTurner,"Not sure why people are so down on this compared to Dirt Rally as it's pretty similar feel - and no I don't understand why Codemasters didn't just keep adding onto DR either - but give D4 a few hours to get used to it and you'll find it's a lot of fun. It's far from perfect, maybe a 7.5 out of 10, there are some great stages - Australia and Wales are a blast and once you get used to it you'll find it's worth the $40 of whatever it is on sale as of Sept1.I play only in sim mode and only in headcam and prefer my driving games as much of a sim as possible and this isn't bad once you get a few hours into it. Tried the Challenges section for a bit too and trying to get gold medals on them is good change of pace and the daily, weekly, monthly events are always fun.I understand wanting to make the career deeper and more kinda realistic and the whole Facilities, Staff, Sponsor thing kinda works but not really sure what the point is for most of us who came from DR - all we really wanted is more locations, stages, cars and RX tracks - until we can match the real WRC and RX season!"
,Recommended,421020,32280936,Posted: 8 June,all,Aurora,"Coming from well over 1000hrs on DiRT Rally I can safely say that 4 has vastly improved on it's predecessor.The handling is definately improved (Although some reviews say otherwise). The cars now feel like they have real weight to them and the 'floaty' feeling of being able to change direction super fast is completely gone (Most of the negative reviews are calling this 'grip'?) . The default setups are now a hell of a lot better and you might be able to get away with never having to adjust your car (if it's not your thing)The immersion is up massively - It really feels like you're part of something bigger now. Helicopters, Drones, Broken down cars and animals are just some of the things i've encountered so far on stage... Oh and they actually affect you now. Having a helicopter blow dust all over the stage isn't ideal but it's amazing.Speaking of not being able to see anything - The mid-stage weather changes can totally throw a wrench in the works. My heart sinks whenever i start to see a patch of fog rolling in. The pace notes become even more important. Fortunately they're much more accurate now thanks to being tied in with the stage generator. You even have a slider for full customisation of your note timing.The team management and service areas are fantastically represented - You'll have many different team members that don't even affect your racing and need to supply them with better facilities to keep them all happy and working well.So far, Your Stage has still to disappoint me. I've been thoroughly impressed with the stages i've been put on. The environments vary decently enough and although you won't get any unique scenery or landmarks the roads are definately challenging. The overall stage quality isn't as high as it was in Rally but we have to remember these stages aren't painstakingly handcrafted.The damage system is incredible. You can race a perfectly clean stage and still end up having part failure screwing with you (Dampers ruined from a risky cut for example). The edges of the road are still somewhat punishing but in their own way - Instead of sending you to the moon tumbling they'll upset the car on a level appropriate to the speed you were going and deal appropriate levels of damage. Choosing how many spares you want to carry can either pay off hugely or slow you enough to lose a position.I don't want to come off as a fanboy or be accused of blindly defending CM I will say that most of the negative reviews that attack the game for 'not being as realistic as rally' are uninformed. Rally was fantastic but it had a lot of drawbacks that have all been addressed here.My main gripe with this title so far is the RWD cars seem to have far too much grip. Even an 037 with toe-out and a reduction in rear camber struggles to get it's butt out in the corners. This is supposedly being looked at along with a promise that a solution won't be rushed.I would also love to see some more content in the future - More tiles for the existing locations could be a fantastic addition at some point."
76561197977619350,Recommended,421020,32478469,Posted: 16 June,all,Wispy,"Initial Impressions:Dirt 3 = GameDirt Rally = SimDirt 4 = Sequel to Dirt 3 which puts it more in the game category. It takes elements from both games and tries to make a hybrid between the two.I found Dirt Rally to overwheming for me. Once I got past the easy cars from the 70's and 80's I found it impossible to drive well enough to be even remotly competative...16th place every race. I'd crash, flip, spin out on pretty much every turn. For me it wasn't enjoyable, way to difficult to control the cars. I'm looking for a more casual driving experience.Dirt 4 so far the cars are easier to handle. The UI, team managment, repairs, sponsors etc all seem tweaked and improved. For me as a very casual driver Dirt 4 seems the better choice. If you're a 'hardcore' driver that wears a helmet and gloves with a triple monitor setup and dedicated race chair, you'll most likely not enjoy this game as much."
76561198039386132,Recommended,421020,32624568,Posted: 21 June,all,[bluestreak] ejjp,"OK so I only have about 4 hours on this game, and already I know I am gonna' like it. Not ready to say totally awesome yet until I get a few more hours on it, but well on the way to saying that."
,Not Recommended,421020,34346678,Posted: 19 August,all,zdy.gary,"Worse than dirt rally in every way. The graphics, sound effects, handling, pacenote, and everything else is worse. The random stage is a poorly executed good idea. Buying it is one of my worst gaming decisions ever.Also with 1080 the game still stutters at random parts of a stage. What the ♥♥♥♥ codemaster? Simply copying and pasting Dirt Rally would be better than this monstrosity."
76561198030802594,Not Recommended,421020,32389016,Posted: 13 June,all,Bacon,"Coming from 200 hours of Dirt Rally I might be a bit biased, but still, here we go:Pros:+ Ending a stage by slowing down and stopping manually is much appreciated.+ Service area is well made.+ Asphalt handling feels better than in DR.+ Sounds and music are ok.+ Multiple game modes to keep things interesting.Cons:- Low on content (too few locations, stages and liveries).- Graphics: Flat and cartoonish compared to DR.- Performance: Had to set quality to medium to get 60 fps, DR runs fine at high.- FFB: Feels dull, uninspiring and non-intuitive compared to DR.- Physics: Feels too grippy in most cars, too difficult to slide. This is just my opinion, though. Others might disagree.- ""Your Stage"". Generates generic, boring tracks which all look and feel exactly the same. It has a lot of potential, but the total absence of trackside objects and unique, interesting sections make this function pretty much useless. I really wanted this to be great, but it just isn't. It's boring. After generating five stages, you feel that you're pretty much racing the same boring stages over and over again.Fix ""your stage"" and some of the other stuff mentioned, and I might change my mind, because the game has a lot of good things going for it. But for now, this is definately a thumb down. Sorry.If rally is your game, then go for Dirt Rally instead."
76561197960277961,Recommended,421020,32361793,Posted: 12 June,all,Khyber,"I appreciated DiRT Rally for the unforgiving beast that it was, but personally find DiRT 4 to be far more enjoyable for my playstyle. This game definitely doesn't deserve all the negative reviews.Looks beautiful on ultra at 1440p (seriously, I don't think the videos do it justice - the car modelling is a definite step up from Rally), and runs smoothly. Haven't had a single crash - whereas crashing was a regular occurance on Rally for me (both in-game and the actual game crashing)."
,Recommended,421020,32403922,Posted: 13 June,all,Mr.Rothwell,"I waited until I had at least 10 hours playtime before reviewing. When I first launched the game I went straight into simulation mode and found it extremely difficult with an xbox controller, it was frustrating. So I switched to the gamer/arcade mode which made the cars easy to control with the gamepad but a little too unrealisitc and easy for my liking, the cars don't handle anything like real cars which is I guess the point of the mode. I would love to get into the simulation mode but I would need to buy a wheel.The graphics are good, same as DirtRally pretty much, maybe some of the textures are slightly better but nothing ground breaking. Runs superbly on my system GTX1080Ti with an old i7 2600k at 4K. Sounds are nice, I wish some of the cars sounded a little more realistic and loud, the Group B quattro in real life is totally different how it is presented in Dirt4.The career mode is nice, I especially like the fact you can choose our sponsors/branding/team colors. It gets a little repetitive though, even though the tracks are procedurally generated, you start to recognize the same corners again and again, I even had the same two exact section of track on one stage.Overall I like the game, and don't feel cheated by the price. I would like to get a wheel and get into simulation mode though. But as something to pass a couple hours in gamer mode it's pretty fun. Wish more people would play online!"
,Recommended,421020,32492351,Posted: 16 June,all,RetroWaveDave,"Great entry into the main DiRT series, the handling on both sim & gamer are just fine. A great selection of vehicles to race with a superb soundtrack to boot. The graphics aren't super computer level but they are an upgrade from DiRT3.  I have read about people having major issues with the game, but I've only come across minor things like tabbing out being busted. A litlle alt+enter action solves that real easy.If you like the main DiRT series go ahead and pick this up or wait for a sale, that's up to you. Don't listen to the ungreateful idiots strictly expecting another DiRT Rally game. They clearly had all the info available to help them make a wise purchase & failed to grasp reading comprehension. Take the time to acutally read the words posted by Codemasters and you will understand what I mean. Don't be an idiot, it's unbecoming and makes gamers look dumb."
,Not Recommended,421020,32305728,Posted: 9 June,all,GENERAL Zod,"Hmm, its not bad but its not good enough.Let me explain and note I never played Dirt Rally.I did however play a gazillion hours of D2 and D3.  Dirt 2 is the finest game of the lot. Several tracks, several race types, you could mix and match modes in a single championship and it was a hell of a lot of fun.Dirt 3 took the mix and match away but added fun things like Cat and Mouse, Outbreak and the dreaded Gymkhana (ugh). It also really improved Rallying but made RallyX boring as the tracks were so bland.Dirt 4 - takes away most modes. You're left with RallyX, Rally, Landrush and some horrifyingly bad Speed buggies (good luck).  No cat and mouse, no outbreak which were a lot of fun to play when you got fed up with the other modes.I dont love the handling (i do use a controller, not a wheel) and it just feels weird - maybe I need to mess with the settingd a bit as I feel I get a lot of understeer.All in all, it looks okay (not as good as I'd expected) but it just feels incomplete or somewhat bland. I know that the Dirt Rally crowd often complained their game lacked content and I feel this is very sparse too.6/10 on Steam feels about right. I hope I will grow into it, if I do I'll update this."
,Recommended,421020,34786599,Posted: 6 September,all,BlueLightning,"TLDRSimulation, realistic physics, boring looking maps, half dead multiplayerPros+Realistic Physics, vehicles have weight, if you add tires it add more weight, weight affect downforce and prevent you car to floating, but heavier weight make it harder to turn. Flat tires, tire replacement on road, suspension and weight transfer, well closing to real life+Team management, you can either play like dirt3, join a team and get 40% cut, or you can buy cars and make your own team. As far i know, maximum payout for your team is 40% and thats if all A, i just got 20% cut because i still playing for 13 hours. But if you join those team, they give you C grade on everything, equipment, engineer and etc. Make your own, recruit E-A class, get B equipment, etc etc.+Random ai crashes, your equipment failure at some point, just like real life, they could happen+Different route every non-career play for rally, fresh track everytime from procedural generation engineCons-There's only 5 location of rally, 2 location on rallycrosses, and 4 location of RX tracks. Rally will have different turns since its procedural generated (for non career), but still they looks same place over and over (looks boring af). And there's only 8 unique turns (6 numbered turns and hairpin and square turns) that is quite repetitive to me-Multiplayer halfly dead, less player in multiplayerSpecial note*Although i mention theres only 5 locations on rally and only 8 unique turns, but since it's procedural generated for normal play, it make the stage different every time you play. Need to listen to copilot. The stage scenery is same over and over, but as it has different turn combination enough to keep me from getting bored. ""It's look bad, but actually doing good"" ~ Co-Driver. Scenery is look the same over and over, no enough unique turns, on the other hand the stage are unique and always different turn combination each time you play. Which one is you?SummaryIf you come for singleplayer/play with your friend, get it, if you come to play multiplayer online, don't get it. Also consider if you seeing same scenery over and over, and unique track generator here."
,Not Recommended,421020,34720975,Posted: 3 September,all,Dark Redslayer,"I wanted to like this game, I loved the idea behind the career mode, but the handling model just doesn't feel right. The cars react weird to inputs and not the way you'd expect a car to respond. You'll turn in and the car won't respond at first then snap into the corner, or when you get the back loose the front will randomly snap back into understeer.You'll E-brake into a corner (lets say for this example a left hand hairpin), get the back out and then gas up when you're facing the corner exit, and the car will turn back to the right, even if you never turned the wheel to the right. You can hold the E-brake in one of the front wheel drive cars and stay full throttle and the car will still snap back, even if you do not counter steer. It just doesn't feel natural at all. (and before anyone asks, yes, I've raced front wheel drive cars on dirt and snow in real life, I know how they act, and they don't snap back into understeer once the car has 'set'. In fact you can hold a drift in a front wheel drive car for as long as you can keep up momentum with very little additional e-brake unput)Even the all wheel drive cars don't feel right, I got to the point where I bought my own evo VI and the car would understeer on entry, then go into snap oversteer, then understeer again. Dirt rally had it's flaws, and can be an incredibly frustrating experience when they pop up, but the physics in that game when it came to how the cars handled and reacted to steering/throttle/brake inputs are miles above dirt 4.TLDR, if you liked dirt rally and want a better version of that, then do not under any circumstances buy dirt 4, because you will be dissappointed. If you didn't care for dirt rally, whether it be because it was too hard, or you just didn't like the way the cars drove and prefer more of an arcade experience (nothing wrong with that, I'm not putting anyone down here) then give dirt 4 a go, you will probably have a much better chance of liking it compared to those who liked Dirt Rally.I personally just put in for a refund. It's simply not up to par with dirt rally."
76561198355233576,Not Recommended,421020,32283452,Posted: 8 June,all,plkris82,"I preordered mine. Played it for 2-3 hours, completed all the school lessons. Drove on Michigan and Australia stages with R5 and 2000s and don't like the handling which to me is the key aspect of rallying.The Good:- the tire modeling may be better and I can feel it, especially on tarmac.- the car does seem to have a bit more weight to it, but...- the damage modeling is very good.- the track creation feature is nice.- the school, and free roam arena is nice but it's too easy to beat the time required to complete the rallying lessons.The Bad:- the overall gravel handling isn't as realistic as in Dirt Rally. Hard to explain what it is exactly but it's just harder to control for me, harder to throw the car into corners using a scandinavian flick. Maybe the weight transfer physics are a bit off.- the car is harder to slide in the turns compared to DR. Too much grip when going sideways. It doesn't hold the slide. The rear just slides out for a moment and then straightens quickly on throttle.- on breaking the car feels very unstable. That may have been due to a setup of a car I drove (Hyundai i20 R5), but I don't feel like I should play around with setups to make it drivable. It should have been set up pretty close to perfect out of the box with Meeke giving his take on handling during development.I applied for a refund. Might rebuy it later if changes to handling are made and it starts resembling Dirt Rally gravel handling.It seems to me the devs tried too hard to make the rally side of this game as similar to RBR as they could. The idea may have been good, but resulted in an arcady RBR with weird handling.I didn't expect the game to be harder then DR as the dificulty came from the narrow tracks and sides of the roads trying to kill you on contact, not from the handling. Watching the pre release videos and reviews I expected the stages to be easier. What I didn't expect is screwed up gravel handling. The DR gravel handling was spot on, I was expecting improvements per devs' Q&As or at least close to DR. Unfortunately the game didn't deliver in that department."
,Not Recommended,421020,35196201,Posted: 24 September,all,dew,"If you like rally this game is ok. If you've played DiRT Rally throughly, you're going to be frustrated by this game. To be fair DR was frustrating at the start as well (IMO), but it grew on me and I came to enjoy DR. At the moment D4 doesn't give me the same excitment as DR did once I learned the handling. I've only played this game on simulation so I can't say how the gamer mode feels and maybe just swtiching to that would make this game fun for me. That is not the mode I want to play in though. I've only played Rally and RX so below pertains to those only.What I like about this game:The randomly generated tracksCareer mode has much more detail than DR doesRX seems improved from DRFFB feels good, the issue from DR where by alt-tabbing/using the keyboard in the game would reset the soft lock on your wheel is gone.Handling on snow is improved, your car is not skating around like it does in DRTuning menu has been refined from DRPart durability and repairing the vechicle is more engaging than DRReplay optionsLights that don't break easilyLand Rush handling feels great on dry tracksWhat needs to be improved:The AI times are WR on specific cars/track/difficulty combinations and at other times you can win comfortablyNo sense of speed. Even at WOT the game just isn't exciting like DR is.Lack of locations. This is made worse by the repetitive track generation.The lack of different tiles the tracks are generated from. Get ready to see the same corner combinations over and over.The default tuning is bad, expect to spend lots of time tuning. This is especially bad when you're completing a Daily where you cannot edit the setups.Multiplayer is dead to pubs. There are people, but you're going to have to find them via the steam discussions, CM forums, or reddit. Don't expect to queue up a race whenever you want.The co-driver callouts. There's a lot to be said on this topic. The callouts can be wrong, they can be given way too late depending on the course, and get ready to hear 'bump' every 2 secs. The excessive bump calls make it hard to not just begin ignoring the callouts.The handling on AU. This could just be me, but I feel as if every car has no traction.Get ready to deal with children as part of your team. Only applies to career mode. Dumb things that drag down your ability to tune the vehicles.Limited save slots for tuning. You get 4 per car. FOUR.CM support just disappeared after release. Zero input from the community taken on issues that were not immediate/obvious bugs.At this point in time, I can't recommend this game at full price. Wait for a 50% off sale. If you have not played DR, get that instead. This is a sad entry for a Dirt title. Dirt 2 is by far a more exciting game to play than this and you get much more content and tracks. There's a 'Clubs' update that is supposed to be added to this game, I can only hope that CM adds and makes some changes to the game then. I'll recommend this game only if you have every other Dirt title and you just need to have a complete collection, but dont pay full price for it. I give this game a 7 out of 10 assuming you haven't played DR before this."
76561198327178129,Not Recommended,421020,34257425,Posted: 15 August,all,vincepaulhale,"Good game, but it's been hacked so all the leaderboard times at the very top are fake..."
76561198066169112,Recommended,421020,32403894,Posted: 13 June,all,Street Halo,"This is not Dirt Rally 2 and by some of what Codies said before release, you'd not be a fool for thinking this might include much of what made Rally the first real threat to RBR's crown. Sadly for those looking, that pure Rally feel has been largely removed for Dirt 4.Those looking for a continuation of Dirt 3's full arcade feel and gnarly dudebro vibe will leave pretty dissapointed too.That said, this is clearly not a bad game, it's actually still a pretty great game and easily the best of the rest, so to speakThose that found Dirt Rally too hard but still want a Rally focus, more realistic feel with a fairer challenge aimed at the average-decent gamer will find a lot to like here. The handling is a good mix of sim/arcade, you can't just throw the car around with abandon and you have to pay attention but it won't test your patience like Dirt Rally did either.I can't speak for controller users but it feels pretty great with a wheel, not quite up to Dirt Rally's feedback detail but again, ahead of the rest in the rally genre.The team mangement aspect is also a nice touch, could be a bit more fleshed out but the systems in place add another little layer of progression and immersion.The procedural generation for stage layouts feels pretty deep for it's first appearance, repetition is a little noticable but nowhere near as bad as it could have been (No Man's Sky *coughs*). Stages tend to feel pretty unique and I really hope Codies continues with this system going into the future as the posibilities could be endless if they kept tinkering with it.The sounds are awesome too, the cars growl, pop and spultter like proper rally beasts. Not a fan of the soundtrack (too commericial) but that's a personal taste issue and most of us will turn it off in racers anyway.The only real beef I have, is with the Rally locations. 5 feels like a slight tease, 7 would've been a better number. An Icy asphalt rally like Monte Carlo, a gravel/tarmac mix like Japan or a hard gravel rally like Greece would've done nicely here. DLC maybe?That gripe aside, I'm still having a lot of fun playing this and it definitely deserves better than a mixed rating so it gets a thumbs up from me, a solid 8.5 out of 10.(performance is pretty good on my end, set to high with a 960/i7 combo and 3840/2160 res. But as alway, this will vary depending on your rig)"
,Recommended,421020,33896925,Posted: 29 July,all,cG.vahnn,"It still needs some work. The procedural track generation is made up of preset tiles rather than drawing a road and putting an environment around it, so you'll often see the same segments of track repeatedly through various courses, and sometimes within the same track. Pace note delivery can be a little slow with too much emphasis on inconsequential things like negligible bumps and dips. There are a lot of options to be desired as far as multiplayer options go. Headlights don't seem to work on non-nighttime stages in multiplayer (if you have shadows on High or Ultra, the headlights will not illuminate them. Turning shadows to Low or Ultra Low makes the track visible again.) And some other issues.But on the whole, I'm greatly satisfied with Dirt 4 so far. Dirt Rally felt good at the time, but the vehicles were distinctly floaty, like your were piloting a pat of butter on a hot skillet. Dirt 4 now features realistic aerodynamics and improved weight modeling, the result being that the cars tend to feel grippier than in Dirt Rally -- and this is main dividing factor of the community. Many long-time DR fans feel like D4's handling is far too unrealistic and arcady. An opinion I disagree with.But I'm having a great time with the game. A friend and I have been playing a ton of multiplayer events, including rally stages, Land Rush with stadium trucks and buggies (the karts are a little too finicky for our liking), and rallycross races. We keep our games Public when we play and almost always have half a dozen random players racing with us. The Pro Tour mode (which is like a matchmaking ranked ladder mode, pitting you against racers of similar skill as you progress through 3 Divisions consisting of 7 Tiers each) is a lot of fun, although this mode is often lacking players to get the best experience from it. I'll often sit for a minute waiting for the minimum number of racers to show up only to reach it (4 players), then people quit when it doesn't launch within 10 seconds and we're left to wait more... It's rather disappointing.I play with a game pad, and my friend with a FFB wheel and pedal setup, both on full simulation with all HUD settings off. We both fare pretty well, but there are definitely some incredibly skilled racers out there who really put us both to shame.All told I think it's a fantastic game and I stand by my recommendation.EDIT: Just felt like I had to state this again after reading multiple negative reviews in a row all claiming the same thing: ""I CAN'T MAKE MY CAR DRIFT! IT'S IMPOSSIBLE!"" These people clearly have not tried tuning their cars, or they have but don't understand how the variouis settings impact the handling of the cars. If you want to make a 4WD car ""drift"" around corners, you need to set the torque bias to the rear (putting more power to the rear wheels rather than a 50/50 front-rear split). Then set the center viscous differential to loose. This will allow the front and rear wheels to spin at different speeds (for instance when the front wheels have grip, the rear wheels will still be able to spin at high speed.) These changes alone will tend to allow you to slide the back end of the car around corners with heavy throttle.If you want to exaggerate this effect, you can stiffen the rear anti-roll bars (making the rear of the chassis more rigid, which will allow the inside wheel to lift off the ground during hard cornering, reducing grip and allowing the back to slide more), making the rear differential stronger (forcing the rear wheels to both spin regardless of differences in grip), reducing negative camber on the rear wheels (negative camber  angles the bottom of the wheels outward so that when the car leans during hard cornering, it actually increases grip... setting camber to 0 or even positive will reduce this effect, again, allowing the rear of the car to drift out.)There are still more things you can do to make the cars more ""drifty"" than their  default tunings. Don't listen to the negative reviews claiming the physics are garbage and cars are glued to the ground. They obviously don't know what they're talking about!After another 40 hours from my initial review, I still conclude that the Your Stage system lacks true variety. Don't misunderstand, there are thousands of possible track combinations, from fast, simple sprints taking a minute or less to complete, to (relatively) long, technical courses that take upwards of 8 minutes to complete, with tons of 1- and hairpin/acute turns. But if they could add more variation in the types of turns, and more variety in the scenery, it would be fantastic. The game could also use longer stages (the longest I've seen is 8.4 km), because it would be great to do some 20 km stages that take 15-30 minutes to complete. And it would be nice to see some transitions between tarmac and offroad sections within each stage. The game is good now, but this added variety could greatly increase the longevity of the game!And regarding the poor pace note timing: This really only applies to sections of the track with very long straightaways, mainly just Australia. If you tune your 6th gear to be really long so you can reach a higher top speed on these sections, you have to be prepared for the eventual sudden turn at the end. Your codriver will actually give you approximate distances remaining on the straight, and it works well most of the time. The problem comes when there's a blind crest at the top of a climb. You can't see the upcoming corner, and for some reason he deems it necessary to call out the crest... which delays the call for the turn by the half a second you could have used to begin braking. That tiny misstep can ruin your whole race. After a while you learn to watch for it, but early in your time with the game, it can be very frustrating, especially if one of your sponsor targets requires you to play with no restarts or vehicle recoveries. Not to mention the time lost can cost you a first place finish!Still worth a buy unless you're a delusional armchair rally master who preferred the unreleastic low gravity greased pigs on ice physics of Dirt Rally. (Don't misunderstand me, I ♥♥♥♥ing love Dirt Rally still as well, but it's far from realistic.)"
76561198316500913,Not Recommended,421020,35206601,Posted: 25 September,all,Axelmarkt,"The lack of content really makes the game lose it's initial shine. It becomes very obvious that the ""limitless"" stages is only a handful of puzzle pieces and I've had the same turn several times in a row only mirrored.The silence from Codemasters doesn't make things better. it's been over 2 months nowIt's a shame, it could have been a really good game but i guess it's abandoned by Codemasters now....."
76561198018420546,Not Recommended,421020,34913694,Posted: 12 September,all,Shermos,"I've thought a lot about this since I bought the game.Pros:- Team management is the best in the Dirt series so far.- The cars and overall graphics are beautiful.- Physics is improved overall.Con:- Tracks are very repetitive due to the process being automated. If CM is to use this method again, they need to introduce A LOT more variation.- Car handling doesn't feel right. It's hard to pin down exactly what's wrong. The back end doesn't come out as much as you'd expect. Previous reviewers have described the handling as between Dirt 3 and Dirt Rally (not for the better), and I agree.- Not enough cars.- No safari rally trucks.overall I'd give Dirt 4 5/10. It's ok, but previous titles were more enjoyable. I feel a bit ripped off."
,Recommended,421020,32336017,Posted: 11 June,all,R4DFIELD,"After coming from DiRT Rally I was a bit underwhelmed the first 3 hours, but being the fanboy I am, I still gave it a fair shot at it and it actually becomes better a few more hours in. I wish they had sticked to the DiRT 3 multiplayer system instead of what currently is in. For me the game was worth the preorder cost and get to play multiplayer for a while, here's hoping it develops a healthy community to race with."
76561198128425987,Not Recommended,421020,33609543,Posted: 17 July,all,soboog,"I am sorry to say this game is a dog. Every racing gasme turns left and rite,just not as much as this one. No diversity.Same repetitive corners and sections used over and over throughout the game. Gets boring quick.The handling model is a joke.Cannot apex a corner correctly because of the way codemasters did the spinout threshold.Is the same on the inside of the corner as the outside. Otherwise if you go wide and get in the slick stuff your car will just snap around.Same thing if you apex the turn proper yopu will still hit the slick stuff on the inside and spinout.(Pisses me off) You will randomly spin out for no reason. Same cars that were in DR. Removed all the good rally stages and replaced them with crap.I could go on ♥♥♥♥♥ing about all the problems this game has but I would die of old age before I could finish.It is just not a good game sim or otherwise. To many problems to patch. Dirt Rally 2 would be a good start. Put this one in the discount bin and start over."
76561198163187375,Recommended,421020,32302010,Posted: 9 June,all,[L.E.S] Sid Peppered Dick,"Being a huge dirt series fan i will recommend this game for Arcady or controller fans but its no where near dirt rally handling.... something is very off here :(  even on simulation settings anyway still the new career system is fun and michigan track looks very ugly to me the only location iv tried so  far...  also graphics ultra sett runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥but turning on high makes game smoother...but im running on custom... dont know which is causing problem hopefully codies will adress it on first patch i guess..im a controller player and i had to play a stage like 10000 times wid restarts to make it to the podium on dirt rally here its completely opposite cars are glued to the road and always finish first on medium-hard  ai difficulty :(so why dirt 4? well its DIRT 4 not DIRT rally!! i believe this game is targetted on casual gamers.. car sounds, iconic rally cars, rally career mode, customization, official rallycross, different classes , trucks, stage creator, multiplayer, rally academy, joyride ( improvements in car, driver animations )I Really wish codemasters add dirt rally handling as option in game for DR fans  in future never gonna happen but i really wish and more tracks, cars and different dirt vehicle races... baja, dakkar :p  thanks for the mitsubishi lancer  :)"
,Recommended,421020,32345785,Posted: 11 June,all,BenMartin {5741NL355},"DiRT4 is more of a ""DiRT"" game than a ""Rally"" simulator.We have seen the same (almost) physics in DiRT3 and DiRT Showdown, The physics are not ""Real"" enough for the game to be called a simulator, but the game is really fun the way it is.If you are looking for a rally simulator to have an ultimate rally experience and feel exact the same as a rally driver, sliding through a hairpin corner, this game will never give you what you want. DiRT Rally however is what you are looking for. still the best rally simulator around imo.But if you want to take a Rally-X supercar, win some races, impress your friends and basically have some fun, without getting nervous if you keep losing one stage, then this game is for you.In this game is for the people who are willing to ""Joyride"" not to ""Race""."
,Recommended,421020,32353401,Posted: 11 June,all,Warrior,"Dirt 4 is a fun, easy to play rally game with a lot of room for customisation depending on your skill level. Although you can push this too far and make winning an event an absolute nonsense. It’s well made, but lacks a certain sparkle. I appreciate the return to the more straight-faced rallying of the McRae series, but the punishing, refined driving of Dirt Rally is ultimately a lot more rewarding. But if you need an easier entry point to this, the muddiest of all motorsports, Dirt 4 might be your best bet. 7.5/10"
76561198057106919,Not Recommended,421020,32727217,Posted: 24 June,all,Tak3iT,"Hello everyone! Honestly I don´t recommend the game for anyone looking for their next rally sim... Dirt Rally may fell betther in this regard. What is bad:1) Current version of the track editor is limited and outputs repetitive tracks. Perhaps they will make it better later.2) Car behavior on rally stages feels weird (after many hours of experience on manyother sim racing games). Like something is tampering with the car's trajectory and angle... Dirt rally was much more convincing when I tried it.So, the two features that made me buy the game were disappointing. I'am keeping the game hoping that this may change.The rest:Game is fun to play, rally school does present useful techniques , graphics are great... haven't tried multiplayer yet!"
,Recommended,421020,32329463,Posted: 10 June,all,Doc,"I'm seeing a lot of negative reviews from people with little play time.  I loved Dirt Rally and this game is just adding to my love for codemasters right now.  It is very well refined with great attention to detail, graphics look great, the sound track is absolutely on point and the cars and tracks flow really nicely.  I was aprehensive at first because I loved Dirt Rally so much but after 13 hours I can safely say this well worth the purchase.  Adds the fun from Dirt 3 and the serious simulation of Dirt Rally to make a love child of awesomeness. Don't cut guys."
76561197963473459,Recommended,421020,32325250,Posted: 10 June,all,Breathe Easy,"Had a drone smash into my windshield causing me to spin out and hit a car on the side of the road detaching a wheel. Finished 3rd place, Jen Horsey then told me that I should push a little harder next time."
,Recommended,421020,32294437,Posted: 9 June,all,SupercarFan,"To me, Dirt Rally was too serious and Dirt 3 too arcade, Dirt 4 is exactly in the middle, It's a great mix between the two.If you're a fan of the Dirt franchise, you cant miss this one. I love it."
,Not Recommended,421020,32302501,Posted: 9 June,all,mesa [HUN],"Why Dirt 4 is not a good game like Dirt Rally:- Badly optimised game ( Down to 15 FPS in certain areas - just High, not Ultra settings full HD res, single monitor set up) Dirt rally runs 75-120 FPS on the same machine- Poor Force Feedback (You can't feel the road surface, everything is smooth and feels flat)- Outdated, PS3-look-a-like graphics Jesus, it's crap- EGO 2 engine replays (programmed auto-switching cameras, always cuts Nicky Griest's talk, very annoying)- No detailed Co-driver instructions- No feelings of Speed- Stages starts with Gear 1 auto-selected- Poor looking candy-clothes crowd with annoying looping animations- Bad looking dust effect- See-through (invisible) headlight covers- Car handling is not predictable (You can't feel always really you drives the car)- No real rally stages exist, 'Your stage' is boring after the first time- Achievement animations looks total the same as most of mobile racing games- Several Graphical glitches (flashing up black box when you drive reverse)This game is defenitely worse than Dirt RallyI cannot recommend to buy this arcadish game for rally simulation-lovers"
,Recommended,421020,32358255,Posted: 11 June,all,wopian,Dirt Rally but with a UI that isn't painful
,Not Recommended,421020,32283219,Posted: 8 June,all,SexyDino,"GRID 2: Dirt EditionI don't think I can do this over 1000 hours like DiRT Rally.Only 3 hours of playing, rally courses' pattern made me boring already."
,Recommended,421020,32442842,Posted: 15 June,all,kelvin_smoakin,"The dirt team have done it again.another brilliant game.I like the new rally part of the game. It is fast and smooth.Personally i can live without the rally cross and land rush. But they are very well dipicted in this game. And enjoyable to play.In the future it would be great to see the a couple more rally events added as DLC.But for now there are hours and hours of country lanes and different surfaces still to drive on.Months worth of fun.for those of you with an older computer and because i have not long changed my computer, I have run the game on an older nvidia 770 machine.The dirt team are not telling any lies about the fact that this game will run on a gtx 700 series graphics card.it will run and it will run smooth. even on an older graphics card.The dirt team have also put a lot of controls inn with the graphics so you can tweak your gaming expirience.and you can adjust the settings while you play the game which is nice.With a new gtx 1080 graphics card, The game really comes alive. and you can max out the settings and still get smooth game play and absolutely brilliant scenery.for anybody thinking od buying this game. id say yes go and buy it, it is the best rally game on the market in my opinion."
,Recommended,421020,32486135,Posted: 16 June,all,sebkuh,"I have to admit I was a bit disappointed at first, expecting realism like Dirt Rally. Simulation mode just doesn´t feel right on my G27, hopefully this will be fixed in future updates. Playing casual mode with a gamepad is good fun though. There´s more than enough to do in various disciplines and game modes. I really like how you get to manage your team; buy cars, hire staff, sign sponsors, expand facilities etc. It really creates incentive to keep on going and is likely to be good for a lot of playtime."
76561198094528383,Recommended,421020,32482317,Posted: 16 June,all,Barzdočius,"I'm enjoying this game. Only 2 things I don't like are that there's way too much grip on simulation handling, it's almost impossible to slide the car (at least in rally, haven't played a lot of other game modes. Hope Codemasters are working on a fix (they are aware of this issue but I don't know if they are working on a fix)), and other thing is that if you turn the complexity and length all the way up in ""Your stage"", you get same corners every time, about 5 times in one stage you can see the same corner.The game itself is more interesting than DiRT Rally to play, motivates you better to play more (career mode is much better), but it was way more fun to drive in DiRT Rally, cars slide more and tracks are more varied (your don't get same corners in the same stage).I only recomend this title as a game, not as a simulator (at least until the grip is fixed, then I can recomend it as a simulator). Although the physics have improved significantly in terms of weight transfer and the general feel of the car, especially on tarmac, Codemasters really over done it with the grip on gravel and snow. If you want a rally game that is interesting to play - it's worth a buy, but if you are looking just for a simulator - than weight for a physics update and for now just stay with DiRT Rally."
,Recommended,421020,32300475,Posted: 9 June,all,Scorpidoo,"Before you buyYou new to rally gamesThis is a good game to start off with it has tons of assists and ""guides"" that help you out to become a good ""driver"".You comming from Dirt 3It sure is an improvement upon Dirt 3 and worth getting.You comming from Dirt RallyThis is prob not for you since it's not really sim like as Dirt Rally i'd stick to Dirt Rally if you prefer that sim style of rally.This is more for the casual gamer."
76561198054903107,Recommended,421020,32333731,Posted: 10 June,all,thenurselee,"Play time 90 minutes, g29 with shifter (upgrade from GT force), casual sim gamer, Favirites GT3-6First, I'm suck at off-road racing games. I've tried Dirt 3, Dirt Rally, GT dirt tracks, which I found it very difficult to learn how to adjust my driving style. I was looking for a game that can teach me step-by-step like GT series does, and build up the skills and confidence over time. Drit developer seemed to understood that concept this time, and tried capture the beginner-intermideate level sim gamers with Dirt4.I really like Dirt-Academy. I was burnned out on Dirt Rally trying to get through rallycross first championship for several months. It was hard for me to learn car handilings enough to win the chanpionship right from the beginning. In Dirt 4, I've only played through first 3 practices so far. However, it really helped me to understand different behavior of the car compare to paved surfaces. Career mode seems to start with lower class races with FWD cars that are easier to handle. It seems to be much more fun than puzzled with full championship serious that I don't even fully understand the rules and cars all at the same time.In addition, car handling is much more realistic than dirt rally. I didn't spend much time on dirt rally with g29, and GT 6 doesn't fully support g29 either. So, I can't say for sure it is difference between GT force and G29, or Dirt Rally and Dirt 4. However, Dirt4+G29 feels and behave much more like what I would expect from real car.I will update more if I find things to add as I play. I can't speak for the advanced sim-drivers. But, I recommend this game if you are looking for dirt racing game that can help you to start from the beginner's skill level."
,Recommended,421020,32355940,Posted: 11 June,all,Krankenwagen,"I've played through almost the full career mode for modern rally (there's still Historic rally, landrush, and rallycross left) and I love this game. I doubt anyone who says this game is too easy has actually played it on Sim settings with all assists off. I'm going to need to buy a stress ball because of this game. 9.5/10More details:It feels different than Dirt Rally, but that is not a bad thing at all. The cars have a proper feeling of weight, the FFB is really good, breaking distances are more realistic and overall the driving feels more realistic. Slightly too much grip in some corners, but the developers have noted the criticism and said they will be trying to work on it. Even with that negative point, the driving feels great, tarmac is especially good.The career mode is so fleshed out compared to it's predecessor, there are many customization options for your own team and there's definitively incentive to play the career and not just do free plays.The damage simulation is much, much improved. You can have break issues, engine misfires, gearbox problems, lights flickering etc. happening to you in the middle of stage if you haven't been keeping your car repaired and upgraded. You can upgrade individual parts, a higher rating means it will hold up longer, and it does make a difference. There seems to be engine wear simulation, if I am costantly reving my engine through a stage, downshifting to early and hitting rev-stop or redlinig a lot, the engine will wear quickly and you will actually notice having had a loss of performance the next time you drive the car after being repaired.Your Stage is a neat feature, I like it so far. It doesn't provide as much detail as hand-crafted stages, naturally, but it does give you a new map every time and keeps you on edge, teaching you to value your co-driver. Sometimes I feel like I can recognize corners and sections, but overall every stage is different and feels rather new. It would be nice if some more corners and tiles were added in the future.Giving you the choice between 2 different English-speaking co-drivers, as well as several other languages, is nice. One problem I've had is hairpins and acute corners being called too late after high speed sections. I adjusted the pace-note timing in the settings to a bit earlier, and it made it better, but this could use some tweaking from the devs.There's a lot to be said, but I really like the game so far. If you liked Dirt Rally, you will like this game too. It is NOT easy, unless you choose to make it easy for yourself."
,Recommended,421020,32461269,Posted: 15 June,all,BonDeD,Love the franchise. This is the best one yet.
,Recommended,421020,32496085,Posted: 16 June,all,Iggy_Fresh,"Awesome game.  Hooked up my old school Logitech G27, playing on Simulation mode, and the game feels great!  Not sure why it's getting mixed reviews."
,Recommended,421020,32330571,Posted: 10 June,all,HolezInYa,"If you are new to the Rally sim genre, or if you find the difficulty of the true sims to be too hard this game might be a good racing game for you. I am enjoying it so far. No I am not too far into the game yet, but the simulation mode on this game is sufficient for my tastes."
,Recommended,421020,33046991,Posted: 30 June,all,Ezzyduzzit,Having a really good time with this game.  I started in the series with Dirt Rally and this improves that game in everyway.
76561198021656170,Recommended,421020,32357982,Posted: 11 June,all,Ahket,"No doubts about this effort for those interested in cars and racing, either against the clock, or other drivers.Yes, it is different to the excellent Dirt Rally, but it's also more realistic in the ways physics push cars around. I have tried this with a desktop and controller, and also a proper racing seat setup with a wheel and pedals. the first was really good, but the second was brilliant, reminding me of my racing days. Thought I could smell the dirt!No regret buying this game, and wondering what extra's they will come up with.Rgds, Ahket."
76561198147747082,Recommended,421020,32491062,Posted: 16 June,all,Athena,I enjoy everything about this game except the speedcar extrem.
,Recommended,421020,32328942,Posted: 10 June,all,Rockstar,"On Dirt Rally it felt like the game was all about getting the car sideways to go as fast as possible. Whoever did best was the one who could get that highest slip angle while maintaining stability and have great weight transfer. No matter what car we used, there was always going to be heavy oversteer, so whoever mastered it was king.When we all start on Dirt 4, we begin on a FWD fiesta that that has so much grip compared to cars in Dirt Rally. The fact they it doesn't like to immediately lose grip like cars in Dirt Rally to keep the same play style put a lot people off, claiming it be unrealistic (while dirt rally was according to all of these sim players). I was upset at first too.But then I realized I don't know what is realistic so I started watching random rally videos from WRC and other lower level front wheel drive videos and realized this new model of handling may actually be correct. Once I got the Evo IV I compared my driving on it to how it drove with Makkinen behind the wheel and realized that the the devs really did get the handling and physics pretty spot on.I'm probably repeating what others have already said, but so many people have in played Dirt Rally as their only Rally Sim, so they assume that Dirt Rally has the realistic model of physics, but that is simply not the case. Dirt Rally made the cars way too easy slide and made them feel very floaty compared to real life. Dirt 4 fixes that issue with more realistic weight and aero.I've gone from being top 10% and beating all of the AI easily in Dirt Rally to being extremely average and being challenged by the ""Tough"" AI which has been a bit frustrating, but overall I have been very happy with the game and how It's physics model has made it more challenging for me (especially with how much braking can impact handling). I think the Devs truly did a great job and that people should really put some time into the game and give it a chance before complaining about incorrect physics."
,Recommended,421020,32545245,Posted: 18 June,all,Menphues,"DiRT 4 or DiRT Rally 2.0?So some annoyance and some good, but I will try to explain what I can with what I do with my reviews :)Graphics: So I am seeing a lot of stuff with people saying the graphics are not good at all, too which I am confused! I am on ultra 144Hz and the graphics are fairly decent! I did not play DiRT Rally.. I tried it and did not like it, but the graphics in DiRT 4 are a step up from DiRT 3, there is nice detailing with water spray hitting the windscreen, rocks and small stones on the floor, dust kick up, snow spray and so on, the graphics are very nice to look at.. Plus the little things like light effects and incar detailing are all very nice!Audio: The audio of the game is amazing! The engines rip, turn, screach and so much more.  If my review was to be on sound, I would of wrote ""rrrrr-rrrrrrr puff puff etc"" because the engine, music, gravel, narrator, copilot etc are all spot on!Controls: I am using an Xbox one controller to play this game, I find this is best and offers the best experience for me over keyboard and mouse! Also the car control for every car is very different in every way... Each car has their own handling and it feels agendre to the way it wants to be controlled!Gameplay and everything else: So I am a huge fan of the original DiRT 1,2 and 3.. 3 was my favourite! Without a doubt the best one!Sadly, DiRT 4 does not share or have any of the fun parts that DiRT 3 has... Gymkhana, Cat'N'Mouse, Outbreak etc.. All gone! They are not in DiRT 4 and they where what made DiRT 3 so popular and still being played today! (At point of this review being wrote)The game does have some really really good details that are the little things and the little things go a long way! Example, the copilot a few times said to me ""The gears are messed up blah blah"" and then I could hear a grinding noise and the car not performing as good... Another was ""The engine kept misfiring during service, so watch out for that"" and I thought ""oookay"" and then in the race, every now and then the car stuttered... This I thought was a bloody amazing attention to detail!Crashing in this game really does take effect! You can pop tyres and the car handles a lot different! You can smash to pieces and end the race! You really feel like you must race cautious but still want to be aggressive!Replays are really cool.  There are so many options in the replay to change and look around and make for a decent detail with the chase cam etc!There are a decent amount of vehicles to play with and they range from rally cars to pickups to buggy's. Lots to play with and lots to do!The more you use a car, the more scratches and bumps appear when driving and in different stages.Racing around and you see some cool things like low flying helicopters kicking up dust, crashed cars and people waving you down to avoid the wreck etc.You can semi generate your own tracks at play which make for a unique experience for all and this ALSO works in multiplayer which is amazing! It is basically like a map generator!Building your own team, buying your own cars, getting your own drivers, payslips, sponsors, detailing etc... Really drives the game to become a mini micromanaging crew format! Love it!Would I recommend this game? Well.... Seriously? I want to say no because the game slightly feels like DiRT Rally but aimed at DiRT 3 but resembles nothing like that... I want the modes and feel back which made DiRT 3, but sadly we will not get it but I am going to say yes! On the grounds that this offers a lot more since DiRT 3 and has some finer things in the game and the speed moving through the terrain is great and looks pretty good... Newest rally game out there and this is what you want if you are chasing a decent rally game...(I seriously hope they add the modes that made DiRT 3, because they made the game so much fun)"
,Recommended,421020,32377845,Posted: 12 June,all,Colbalt54,"Pretty disappointed in the initial reviews the community gave this game, made me second guess getting it.I do want to say I have played Dirt 3 (360 controller) and Dirt Rally (G920 + pedals + H shifter) already.I've gotten half way through the rally section of the career and other than some kinda weird looking water hazards and minor fps issues in certain areas, I'm hard pressed to find any faults with this game. The physics feel like Dirt Rally, as in if you clip a rock wrong you go for a spectacular tumble, and once the wheel ffb settings are adjusted it seems very similar to Dirt Rally IMO.It doesn't have all the same wheel adjustments as Dirt Rally, but you can still tune the ffb to react to the car the way you want it to.And then there's the fantastic randomized track generator that's going to keep the heart of this game beating for a long, long time.Seriously, the game devs have made a gem here.9.5/10"
,Recommended,421020,34683156,Posted: 2 September,all,[DxD] Mizu,"Better than DiRT 3, no as much of a sim as DiRT Rally, but the perfect middle ground in my opinion.I absolutely love it ^^"
76561198064008514,Recommended,421020,32522457,Posted: 17 June,all,ItsBhoy,"Do NOT listen to the negative reviews if you loved DiRT Rally and previous DiRT games. (and Forza)This game is loads of fun. I wasn't the biggest DiRT fan until DiRT Rally... That game was a blast and I am even more happy with DiRT 4. The environments, weather, and sound effects really make this game stand out, along with all the career events you're able to take part in gaining accolades like sponsors, car upgrades, new staff members & facilities for your team. It makes you not want to stop playing until you've finished it all. BUY THIS GAME! Online is dead & we need more players! This game is GREAT!"
,Recommended,421020,32306814,Posted: 9 June,all,twitch.tv/ptm_al_pacino,"Many were afraid this would be a sequel of DiRT3 but in fact it's an upgrade over DiRT Rally with the capability to offer casual gamers the arcadey side of rally while at the same time allowing the DiRT Rally fans to keep in the Simulation mode with improvements over DiRT Rally's physics.This is definitely a fantastic game and worth the money and will surely consume lots of hours.However, this game will sooner or later face the same problem that DiRT Rally did: lack of content. Only the developers can prevent this from happening, by adding more rally locations and by adding a couple more important cars to the classes, for example: Peugeot 206, Citroen Xsara and the Toyota Corolla.There are a few other cars, such as the WRC class but since the crappy WRC 7 devs got the license, we can't get the cars nor the official tracks and that sucks. Hopefully one day Codemasters will be able to get the FIA WRC license which will allow them to re-add the official tracks into the cocktail and some official cars. This will also allow them to make a WRC mode like they've done with the World RX championship module, separated from all the other modes.Anyway, this game is perfect and its only lack is the rally content. This game really needs - and already has the bases to support it - all the rally locations of the WRC calendar, such as Monte Carlo, Finland, New Zealand, San Remo, Corsica, etc. The physics are awesome and  the graphics too.Also, the new multiplayer mode ""Pro Tour"" which is like a Fifa Ultimate division/tier ranking system is great for the competition, which will have up to 8 rally drivers driving simultaneously in a track.A big thank you and thumbs up to Codemasters and I hope you guys keep releasing DLC with paid content so that we can keep supporting the game as you keep adding more content."
,Recommended,421020,33853265,Posted: 28 July,all,BKD,"Most of the negative reviews come from people who want a 2nd DiRT Rally.This game has more content and actually improves on the simulation mode in DiRT Rally, but you have to learn how to set up the car if you want the same behaviour around corners. Instead people dont try that and instantly negatively review the game.Pros: - Large amount of content- Online gameplay/leaderboards- Improved simulation physics- Graphics- Your stage is a good step in the right direction for unique stages with high replayabilityCons: - Gravel/Dirt surface traction is too high - can be changed in future patches- Few tiles in your stage can lead to tracks repeating the same corners several times - again can be changed in future patches- Initial car tuning is set up to reduce oversteer for new comers to the game, has to be changed manually"
,Recommended,421020,32350254,Posted: 11 June,all,Kristo,"Alright.There are a lot of reviews saying its bad beacuse of not being as realistic as dirt rally, this is not a standalone rally-only focused game like dirt rally, so dont ♥♥♥♥ing expect it to be! compared to old dirt 3, dirt 4 is far superior, it lets you choose between normal gamer mode (easy and fully automatic gearing etc) or, Simulation mode. Where the fun begins.Pros,Soundtrack/Songs are really good.There is a free roam area like dirt 3 hadThere are many minigames to keep you buzyThe handling is cleanerFPS is very goodA lot of cars (Altough many from dirt rally)Decent selection of mapsLand Rush mode!Tarmac physics and tire physics are better in dirt 4. simple. Instead of, no grip or all grip its very varied from car to car and what tune/upgrades it has. Also it lets you customize more stuff like wheel camber and gear lenghts.Cons,Not as realistic as dirt rally.Cars feel like they have less weight compared to dirt rallyBumps dont effect the cars as much as they did in dirt rallyThere is no longer ""Pikes Peak"" as there was in dirt rally beacuse of trademark issues with the WRC© Games.Getting enough money to buy cars is really short, managed to get 4 cars all with upgrades whitin 6 hoursReviewed with Logitech G27© And Custom E-break. [Manual H-Shifter + Clutch And Sequential]In Conclusion its a really ♥♥♥♥ing good game and dosent deserve the negativity for not being as realistic or pretty as dirt rally.9.7/10Hope this helps!-Kristo"
76561198264013508,Recommended,421020,34689289,Posted: 2 September,all,Havoc_42,"DiRT 4 a game with an extremely divided fanbase, a fanbase that doesn't know what it wants and criticizes a perfectly coherent and well made product.General AnalysisDiRT 4 is a rally racing game that comes from a line of triple A, top quality predecessors and this game is no different. I am ashamed of the sheer amount of negative reviews for DiRT 4 knowing that Codemasters delivered exactly what they promised. Just to be clear,DiRT 4 is a sequel to DiRT 3 not DiRT Rally and yet it manages to obtain the best characteristics of both games.This game is in a sweet-spot between arcade racing and hardcore rally simulation. It's a perfect start for players that are new to the series and a very respectful nod to us older, more experienced players.The cars handle beautifully and each one feels different in a good way, it shows the level of detail and effort Codemasters put in to the game. The sound design is phenomenal, the developers always manage to have the perfect audio both inside and outside of the vehicle. You can hear the turbos whistle, the Anti-Lag systems explode, the terrain rumble underneath your car, etc. you hear everything as if you were actually there. The physics in DiRT 4 are in that sweet-spot I mentioned earlier. The user interface is gorgeous and the soundtrack is unmatched (in the racing genre).This game is best played at higher difficulties to really get the most out of your rallying experience, but be aware that there is a learning curve.The graphics are marvelous and it doesn't take a high-end PC to get good levels of detail and FPS.DiRT 4 plays well for both singleplayer and multiplayer and it's up to the community to maintain the multiplayer aspect (regarding playercount) by playing the game and supporting Codemasters.Overall I consider that DiRT 4, including its respective DLC is worth buying, even at full price.[10/10]"
,Not Recommended,421020,32294304,Posted: 9 June,all,CULT|icycalm,"Dirt 4 is out guys, time to go back to Dirt Rally.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html"
76561198046747192,Not Recommended,421020,32776727,Posted: 25 June,all,WitchingSnake,"Dirt2 > Dirt4Dirt3 > Dirt4Dirt Rally > Dirt4The lack of Raid and of the rewind feature is very dissapointing. Limited amount of locations and cars and minimalism all over.Oh and also Forza Horizon 3 > Dirt4Dirt4 isn't necessarily a bad game but it has a deep indentity crisis. It tries to be both a Dirt and Dirt Rally game but its neither. Did they think that having way less content than Dirt2 is acceptable when they put a random track generator into the game? I don't think so.So how do the cars behave? How is the driving?It confuses me really. I was barely able to drive in Dirt Rally. The Simulation setting of Dirt4 is supposed to give you Dirt Rally like handling while the Gamer setting should give you Dirt2&3 like handling.Thats not really the case. The Gamer setting is not exciting nor fun to play with, its just easy. The simulation setting works well for me which it shouldn't since I could barely drive in Dirt Rally...So if you liked Dirt Rally you'll be dissapointent with it. If you liked Dirt2&3 you'll be underwhelmed by it. Forza Horizon 3 feels better...Also I expected better graphics and the soundtrack doesn't get close to the soundtrack in Dirt2.I might buy it again once its cheap and when there's hopefully more content which isn't certain. Srsly where is Raid??? Only 1 type of car in Landrush????? Where's Trailblazer? Bah!"
76561198194574734,Not Recommended,421020,33175155,Posted: 3 July,all,baddogcbr929,"Where to start ? Having been a part of Dirt Rally from day one this game is crap !Now if I was a console/keyboard player hmm  happy as a pig in  ?But PC wheel user and all that codies promised of sim lmao, it is garbage !The physics is soooo wrong! I have owned 3 mkII escorts and two mkI and they never drove like this ever !!The grip levels are all over the place and make no sense?Now if I was coming from console dirt 3 etc yes it's better but wheel and pc friggin garbage !Forgot to say how crap it is lol 4.5/10Did i mention how repetitive it is ? it's like playing with a 10 piece jigsaw puzzle instead of a 100000 piece jigsaw puzzlenext time Nicky Grist tells me  ""that's unbeatable""  better be world #1 or I am gonna smack him ? only time in the game he should say that is if you beat world record imoThis game is soooooo repetetive imo it is not funny , Codies failed on this one"
,Recommended,421020,32819818,Posted: 26 June,all,YMF,"The best rally and rallycross game I've ever played so far.Really love the community events, can't wait to do the next monthly challenge. Should of been more 12lap challenges in 1 month tho.If you want to do competitive matchmaking with up to 8 players I do not recommend it for PC since the queue time is too long. If you buy it on PC you will still get leaderboards cross-platform on all the tracks in career mode and multiplayer daily/weekly/monthly challenges."
,Recommended,421020,34084184,Posted: 7 August,all,"X-TREME PC BUILD-ER ""(GR)""","This game is two in one because you can play Arcade or choose and play Simulation!This Rally game is the first who NEVER EVER you may play the same stage at rally mode, because it is genarates and you can adjust the complexity of the strage. It has more modes than rally and rally cross. The graphics are imrpoved since DiRT before a few years. You can adjust the difficulty in a big way ABS, Traction control etc. And it is the first Rally game who  may have a mechanical problem from a flat tire to machine problems.Maybe the best rally game at least for me."
,Not Recommended,421020,35457488,Posted: 3 October,all,CletusSmith,"i really liked it at the start, the career setup and staff is much better than Dirt Rally IMO, but the whole community feels like codemasters have abandoned the game. We have seen the same bugs been posted on the forums for atleast a month now.  What really is driving me away from this game is the lack of communication between codemasters and the community. There is a big bug going on now that in the automatic transmission setting the cars will not shift.... been posted on the forums for weeks now and not a single word about it being fixed or acknowledged. The only way to fix it is the change the difficulty and change it back, most of the time that doesnt work tho so good luck doing it another 3-4 times."
,Not Recommended,421020,32292625,Posted: 9 June,all,DarkMellie,"In what god's name was this abomination created? How do you go from the succulence of DiRT Rally's handling and visual fidelity to this godawful goop. A third of a stage... that's as much as I could stomach tonight. I'll come back to it at some point when the rage stops, but I'm putting my wheel away.. the sim-handling is an absolute joke, this is a controller-based arcade racer, no more and no less.Typically stupid DiRT opening... 'LAERN HOW UR CAR STAHPS WEN U DUNT HIT GAS LOL'... to then the standard unskippable bit where you get told about your car. I bought a rally racing game, I KNOW HOW THIS WORKS.I've never written a knee-jerk review before (srsly, check my profile, they're almost entirely positive and while you're in there, check how many Codemasters games I've got and how many hours I've put into them. In short, I'm a big fan). but I am so bitterly disappointed in Codemasters that they went backwards from DiRT Rally... a game that now holds the 'greatest rally game of all time' trophy and will CLEARLY never need to hand it back.Appalling stuff, Codies, someone at the top or the planning team who authorised this direction need to find a career elsewhere."
76561198063909371,Recommended,421020,32298090,Posted: 9 June,all,Katsumoto,"IT'S NOT FOR SIM RACERS!NO MATCH WITH DIRT RALLY!If you like a Dirt 3 based game,buy it.Gamer and Sim handling just similiar to each other.There is not big difrrence.The game overall is nice."
,Recommended,421020,33052620,Posted: 30 June,all,KingieAV,"Well I've played this game a bit and I can say it is good but it doesn't give that rallying feeling Dirt Rally had, the your stage feature is great but there is a LOT of room for improvement, graphically it's not bad but I feel like it could be a lot better, maybe it's just the lighting I don't know. And the cars, well, WRC give the license to Codies already haha."
,Recommended,421020,32543832,Posted: 18 June,all,Ben/Cyteless,"The good:If you're a fan of a pure rally experience, you'll enjoy this game. The stage generator allows for a large range of stages to be created, so it becomes less a case of learning stages and instead learning to drive with a co-driver. Car setup is critical for this, particularly for the 4WD/AWD cars. Compared to DiRT Rally, 4WD cars are a lot more loose on gravel, with traction being very easy to lose in high speed turns. Setup in general is a lot more important, as each stage presents more varied challenges than in the previous game.Tarmac/asphalt rallies are far superior to DiRT Rally - it's no longer a case of 0 to 100 in terms of grip.The cars feel a lot more reactive to the changing road - the different suspension springs feel distinctive from one another, rather than DiRT Rally's feeling of a box pivoting on a fixed axis. This is especially important on the gravel stages, to ensure the car is able to get around corners to find the balance between oversteer and understeer.Having additional disciplines is also good to avoid fatigue from playing solely rally or rallycross. The crosskarts, trucks and buggies are a lot of fun and offer a welcome change of pace from the rally. The circuits are nicely detailed, the racing is intense, and the cars themselves are a lot of fun to drive.The bad:Difficulty is a problem. Even at the highest difficulty, I feel that my success percentage is too high. Not finishing 1st place is more down to a mistake I've made on the course rather than the times set by the AI drivers. There are also some artificial difficulties that occur on the stages, like helicopters blowing up dust on the middle of the road, or drones that fly in front of the car. These are more frustrating nuisances than a believable element of difficulty, so I'd prefer if these were removed or put on less intrusive parts of the stages.Stage generation is a necessary solution to stop players from gaming stages from min-maxed setups and learning every inch of the course; however, sections repeat too often and turns appear to have the same gradient i.e. a left 3 will look like every left 3, rather than be slightly shallower or deeper. The random stages are a big improvement, but hopefully Codemasters can improve on their tech to make stages appear more varied.Overall:This is a more complete package than DiRT Rally and if you're a fan of the sport you'll enjoy this game. While I haven't tried the gamer handling, this is also a good addition to encourage more fans into the series, particularly as Codies are returning their rally games to a more serious tone. It's a good opportunity for you to introduce your friends before moving onto the real challenge of simulation handling, as well as enjoy the fun gamemodes offered in the stadium racing disciplines."
,Recommended,421020,32368906,Posted: 12 June,all,Sierra Bravo,"played the sheeit out of dirt 3 and this is a fantastic blend of things learned from Dirt Rally and all the previous titles in the series. As always the visual, auditory and playstyle of codemasters is present.Great title so far"
,Recommended,421020,33309902,Posted: 6 July,all,Assassin iBUYPOWER,"DiRT 4 regards with respect to the sport it represents and wants to make a learned driver from the player. Since it has not always been so, this is a progression for this series - even with an inclination towards the arcade model.+ White-knuckle rally racing is as thrilling and tense as ever+ Tutorials are informative and helpful+ Your Stage extends the game's lifespan and maintains rally's fear of the unknown+ Two distinct driving models, and numerous variables, allow you to tune the difficulty to your liking- Don't have support for VRESSENTIAL 10/10"
,Recommended,421020,32496017,Posted: 16 June,all,ree4ree4,One of the best games i have ever played. I recomend this to anyone into cars.
76561198094869818,Recommended,421020,32354005,Posted: 11 June,all,Killer_Shroom,"One thing that is important to me in a racing game is upgradability.  Which is something that has been, in my opinion, lacking in a recent racing sims/games.  Dirt 4 hits the nail right on the head with the career mode. From the tech crew, to the car u pgrades and more.The handling of the intro car was very sticky when it came to corners. It was very hard to do decent slides and it was getting frustrating.  I was slowly getting disappointed the more I played.  At first I thought this was a messed up game mechanic, but it was not. after buying my first career car, the WRX STI, the mechanics are amazing.  It is a tremendous amount of fun.."
76561198022010585,Recommended,421020,33219813,Posted: 4 July,all,Taddson,Surprisingly I could sit down for hours in this game. Just need to change the setup of the cars to make them understeer less. Community and joyride events give the game some flavour when you are sick of career mode. Really enjoyed rx cars too except the AI is slower than you on the straights.
,Recommended,421020,34728057,Posted: 3 September,all,Basically Hentai,"Despite all the negative comments this game is getting this is actually a really fun game that i enjoy, im not super anal about physics and how the car is on gravel and such. Overall I really love the game,fun to play and all and the cars handling after a while feel pretty good. If you're looking for a fun rally game i reccomend this"
,Recommended,421020,34825597,Posted: 8 September,all,JulianR94,"I grasp my wheel tightly. Last stretch of the final Spanish Rallye stage. I am in 2nd place, I need to catch up with the leader by 5 seconds. That spin at the start really messed me over, I think, as I slam and lock the brakes, and gently slide into a right 2. The flat-4 of my 2001 Impreza howls angrily as I try to be even more aggressive. At this point, it's all about taking every corner with full speed. I doubt I can keep this up for the remaining 2km or so, for I have not yet gotten a good grip on the new handling model.""Rechts 3, durch Senke, in sofort Kehre links."" (Right 3, through dip, into immediate hairpin left) My German co-driver exclaims. The suspension just about keeps the car stable and I manage to navigate through this section. Not much left now. I hit full throttle, about to jump over a crest. Then, suddenly, a massive flock of pigeons, startled by the engine, takes flight from the left-hand bank, blocking my vision for a second. Barely, I avoid smashing the car to pieces as I slide into a right 1 turn. But not unscathed. My windshield cannot absorb the force, and it slowly and gradually cracks before my eyes. Just ♥♥♥♥ing great, I note to myself.""Über Kuppe, rechts 3, in sofort Kehre links."" (Over crest, right 3, into immediate hairpin left) I follow my co-driver's commands again, until he suddenly adds...""Achtung, Gefahr voraus."" (Watch out, danger ahead.)My eyes shoot up. Above me, standing on a tall bank ahead, a man frantically waves at me. Only now I notice the little breakdown triangle at the exit of the hairpin. I see smoke. Instantly, I swing my wheel around to the right, narrowly shooting past a broken-down car. Out of the corner of my eye, I manage to pick up the flag and nameplate. Belgium, L. Goossens. Somewhat smirking, I let off the gas a little bit, finishing the stage without any further incidents. That was the guy in front of me. Not anymore. Engine failure. I drive up to the marshall and get my time confirmed. I am in 1st place, taking the win after all. Smiling, I lean back. ""That was pretty cool."" I note, before proceeding to watch the replay and then take a break.__So, how's that for a little story, eh? When DiRT 4 shines, boy does it do it brightly! Compared to how sterile the stages in DiRT Rally felt, as if you were racing against ghosts with robots cheering you on, this is a revelation. It feels vibrant and immersive. Much, much better than DiRT Rally.Alright, alright, I may have sugar-coated some things here. The flock of birds (just like all the ""animal encounters"" on the stages) were very noticeably poorly animated, muddy sprites. And apparently, L. Goossens drives without a co-driver. There was only his name and country flag on the car, no one else's.But I can ignore that. For window-dressing in a racing game, all of this is brilliant stuff. Codemasters obviously knew what they wanted to do with the Rally aspect, and even though the whole sponsors aspect feels very tacked on, I get a little bit of a GRID vibe. Those were the days...But we have advanced from those days, and in 2017 with DiRT 4, Codies tried something extremely, utterly, one might say foolishly ambitious: Letting you choose freely between arcade AND simulation physics, so that DiRT Rally veterans and newcomers without ""enthusiast gear"" alike could enjoy some Rally, RallyX and Landrush.""You can't please everyone."" And, sadly, I do believe this is very fittingly DiRT 4's tagline.Now, let's get one thing out of the way first:If you are a casual gamer using keyboard or gamepad, someone who enjoyed DiRT 3 a lot and is looking for a more refined experience with some really cool additions, you absolutely have my recommendation to buy this game. Put it on ""Gamer"" handling and blast off! Though I would advise waiting for a sale, like I did, because after all, we are talking about 50% of the game's experience here. And this is the only reason I am giving it a positive review, because it does do enough things well to warrant this. Certainly on ""Gamer"" handling.However, as soon as you own wheel & pedals and plan to use them (obviously you want to use ""Simulation"" handling, too), I really do not think this game will be something you are going to write home about. Not at all.Look, I do not even want to argue about this. If you're coming here to tell me that ""It's not DiRT Rally 2, you idiot"", then you can sod right off. I'm sorry, but Codemasters Chief Designer, Paul Coleman, literally said, and I quote:""We are taking everything we learned with DiRT Rally and using that as our foundation. That means we are taking our simulation engine, improving it and building everything else on top of that. We are then taking everything we loved about all the other games in the franchise and bringing it all together into a much more coherent package.""I honestly do not know how this happened, but they messed up big time. So much so that I almost want to consider Coleman a liar, at this point. Despite this being the same engine and apparently the same foundation, every single RWD, a lot of AWD and some FWD cars feel just awful.Cars have weight now, yes, that is awesome. You can't just lock the brakes and come to a halt on gravel anymore. Now your rear will just spin and you are most likely going to wrap the car around a tree.But the rest just feels off.And now it's time to say this: I am not a Rally driver. I have never driven a Rally nor a racing car before. When it comes to those beasts, I am an armchair racer. But what I have done was drive FWD, RWD and AWD road cars under every condition there is. Just a few days ago, and we're talking real life here, I hit the gas a bit early in a modern BMW whilst turning into a ""left 1"" on dry tarmac. Guess what happened? The rear got really nervous and skidded a bit, despite all assists obiously turned on. That car has 180bhp, btw.And in DiRT 4, I can take a 70s Opel Kadett with 200bhp (naturally not a single assist enabled) and it will UNDERSTEER under power on gravel. Yeah, you read that right. I did do a comparison with DiRT Rally later, and the car indeed behaved completely different there. Still not 100% accurate, of course, but it had a nervous rear axis and continously spun when given full throttle out of a corner. Apparently, it is possible to recreate a similar handling to DiRT Rally by messing with the (very detailed) tuning options. This would be a very big plus, would the default setups not suck doodoo. Realistically speaking, you'd have to take every single of your 10 Shakedowns to eke out a ""drivable"" setup.And, in my mind, this is not how it should be.There are other problems with this game, definitely. The stage generator for example, and the mostly uninspired crap it spits out. The disgraceful FFB that is just barely usable without adjustments (On the contrary to DiRT Rally, which had decent default settings). Or the horrendous menu design (Why the ♥♥♥♥ do I need to back out of the Events and return 3 menus to access my team, only to go back into 3 more menus to access the Event screen again?!).But at this point, the review is getting too long, and you can easily read into other reviewers' thoughts on this. I do sincerely hope that Codemasters have not abandoned this game, now that F1 2017 is released and no more game are planned to come out this year from them, I believe. I really do. Perhaps we might get some adjustments that will make this game just as challenging and fun on the sim mode as DiRT Rally was by default. But until then, I would advise against a purchase if you are a simmer. Normally I'd advise to go for a trial & refund but the game needs far over 2hrs to show you its flaws, in my opinion.As for me, I will play it some more. Perhaps dig more into Landrush and RX, though these never overly captivated me. But, one thing is certain for me: As it stands now, DiRT 4 will not earn a place in my heart like DR or DiRT3."
,Recommended,421020,32346041,Posted: 11 June,all,TenaciousElegy,"People coming from dirt rally may be dissapointed that this game is more like dirt 3 than dirt rally.  I very much enjoyed playing the campaign, and the procedural stage generation works really well!"
,Recommended,421020,32326149,Posted: 10 June,all,gav,pros:*many cars*random tracks is awesome*multiplayer is nice*handling feels good-ish*excellent musiccons:*not as realistic as Rally*HOLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥NIPPLES THE VOICE ACTING IS BAD
,Recommended,421020,33324448,Posted: 6 July,all,Wiz,"Yes, the Rally portion is a little different and the calls are bad but the physics are top notch... It's the default tunes that are terrible and ruin the game for a lot of people. As for the rallycross side of things it is near perfect. I would not object to a RX only game but the game is worth the money if you're a racing fan.PS: Just because it feels different from DiRT Rally, that is no reason to hate it."
,Recommended,421020,32291385,Posted: 9 June,all,Kakkela,"First impressions are rather good, but because of lack of content I wouldnt price it at 55€. Needs more driveable cars, especially considering almost all of the cars were already in Dirt Rally.Handling is improved upon Dirt Rally, now the cars have feeling of weight in them and you can really balance the car with throttle and brake inputs. Also braking feels more realistic now, you cant just stomp the brakes and not go straight to ditch.Force feedback is basically the same as in DR, so needs adjusting to get the most out of it (Wheel friction 0%, Tyre Slip 0% and little bit lower than 100% on others when using wheel).Stage generator is what it is, I didnt have much expectations on it and even after 2.3hours i have learned to spot certain repeated sections far ahead. And they do repeat, multiple times per stage.Graphics and performance, it runs exactly like DR on my computer (specs in profile). Generated stages aren't the most detailed graphically but still fine looking and somewhat ""realistic"", meaning that theres no stupid disconnects between sections that are in forest or in fields.Pro Tour is what I expected from Dirt3 and is really great improvement over Dirt Rally non-existent rally multiplayer. Basically 4/5 of my 2hours of play has been in Pro Tour.Dirt Fish Rally school stuff is also very helpful and comparable to RBRs rally school, gives all the information you need to become fast driver in this game.EDIT after few more hours:Rallycross is better than DR, as expected because handling is improved.My Team and other career stuff looks to be very deep so if you are into that it will take time to go through 100%.gheeD's forcefeedback guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=943644875"
76561198003942715,Recommended,421020,33985603,Posted: 2 August,all,the sand canadian,"The negative reviews of this game come from people who dropped a few hundred on a realistic racing set up for Dirt Rally. Dirt 4 is definitely more of a game than a sim (even on Sim mode), but its still fun as hell. Its challenging enough without being anger inducing like Rally can be. Rally had handcrafted stages, Dirt 4 has randomly generated ones. They lack that natural feel that Rally captured so well, but honestly these stages are still freaking fun to race on. Also, driving on pavement doesnt feel like driving through super glue like it did in Rally, which is great. This also makes Rally X actually fun. Land Rush (buggies and trucks) takes a race or two to get used to, but holy crap is it fun. I also like how they split up the modern rally cars from the classic ones unlike how Rally lumped the two together. It sucked starting Rally with a slow a$$ old a$$ mini cooper. Dirt 4 puts you in an easy to use Fiesta right from the get go. IMPORTANT POINT!!! The very first track you do, the game feels like its on rails and I laughed out loud, ready to refund it. Finish the training (or skip it if youve played Rally enough) and finish the first two rally championships. After that, the game opens up and is killer fun. I love the free mode challenges too.CONS:They increased the penalty for hitting pedestrians from 13 seconds in Rally to 20. That extra 7 seconds is honestly brutal. I guess they had to incorporate manslaughter charges somehow.TL;DRThis is definitely a game and not a sim, so put your racing rig away and just have fun."
,Recommended,421020,32414742,Posted: 14 June,all,Xylem,"This is really what I wanted from the next DiRT. I can understand the sim-racer's disapointment, but for most people this should really hit the spot."
,Recommended,421020,32552812,Posted: 18 June,all,anaв◢◤,"Jogabilidade boa, mas nada parecida com os antigos Dirt 2/3.Muitas pistas novas, alguns carros novos e um novo gerador de pistas muito top.O MP ainda deixa a desejar pois nao tem tanta diversao sem algumas opcoes como Cat n Mouse  e Rouba bandeira, presentes no D3. O D4 é um jogo voltado totalmente para rally."
,Recommended,421020,32300720,Posted: 9 June,all,ShadowFalcon,"DiRT 4 is great.If you're a rally fan, it's a must buy.There's Rally, Landrush, Rallycross, and Historic Rally.On top of that, there's DiRT Academy, for fooling about, and training driving technigues, and for those who liked the Gymkhana sections in DiRT 3, there's Joyride.The Career focuses on the main four diciplines, and it's possible to just do one, completely independently from the others, so if Rally is your main interest, you don't have to slog through Rallycross, Landrush or Joyride, like in DiRT 3. You just pick Rally, and stay with it (or until you want to try something new).Rally, on Gaming mode (which until now has been the main mode I've played with) is fun. It's relatively easily accessible (provided you have a basic understanding of how driving works. If your only experience is Mariokart, then this may not be for you), and still challenging. The rallystages are narrow, like in DiRT Rally, so you're really going to have to watch where you're going, since you wont have an entire motorway's worth of track to slide about on, like in DiRT 3. The cars available in this dicipline should be familiar to rally fans. There's the FWD R2 class, which are a great startingpoint for any rallydriver, the 4WD R4/NR4 cars which provide a good transistion from FWD to 4WD rallydriving, the Group A cars which basically started the modern WRC classes, the FWD F2 Kit Cars which are top dog in amateur rally, the R5 which provide the top rally class for this game, and in real life is the class for the WRC-2 championship, which is a feeder series for the proper WRC (these cars are unfortunately stuck in the WRC games for now), and the ""Modern Rally Up to 2000cc"" which, for Scooby fans, is where the Bugeye Impreza hides, together with Colin McRae's Mk I Focus rallycar.Landrush hasn't changed much from DiRT 2 and 3. It's still racing buggies or trucks on tight offroad tracks. The races consists of 2 Heats, an initial and a Final. Here you'll find Crosskarts which also feature in Rallycross, 2WD Buggies, 2WD Trophy Trucks, and 4WD Trophy Trucks. These guys aren't gentle in any way, and were basically designed to be rough-housed.Rallycross, unlike DiRT 2 and DiRT 3, but very much like DiRT Rally, follows the European Rallycross format, used in the World RX championship. This means, an initial Heat of 4 laps, and a subsequent final of 6 laps. In both Heat's you need to complate a slightly longer jokerlap, which you can decide yourself when to take, depending on how the race progresses. The cars in Rallycross are devided into the Super 1600 class, the RX2 SuperLite class, the RX Supercar class, the Crosskarts, and the Group B class. Common among all of them is low weight, lots of horsepower, and an overall acceptance that Rubbin' is Racin'.Historic Rally, is where you find cars that have earned themselves a place in the annals of Rally. Here you'll find the legends of the 60's and 70's, the monsters of the 80's, and a few other jewels, like the Peugeot 205 GTI which finally seems to get its day in the limelight as a proper rallycar. Apart from the cars being older, it isn't much differen't from normal Rally. It's still stage rally, you still need to get from A to B quickly as possible, and you're still listening to Nicky Grist's soothing voice.Joyride, is kinda like DiRT 4's Gymkhana mode, except infinitely better because of one fact. It isn't forced. You don't have to do it if you don't want to. Joyride is mainly just an opportunity to lark about a bit in the cars doing time trials, and smash blocks on the Dirtfish training area.The handling model is great. It's derived from DiRT Rally, but isn't as slidey slidey as DiRT Rally was after the updates to the downforce modelling, and tyre models.The visuals are awesome. Gone are the 50 million shades of depressing grey from DiRT Rally.The variety of cars are stunning. Whether you want to drive amateur R2 class rally, 4x4 Trophy Trucks, or SuperLite RX, there's something for you.Your Stage means that you will never have to drive the same rallystage twice, which makes the ""there's only 5 locations"" complaint irrelevant (FYI, there was only ""5 locations"" in DiRT 3 and 6 DiRT Rally)Now to the cons.To get the best out of this game, you need to dive into the settings, which may scare some off (which is a damn shame).Some may find, the grippy handling model a downgrade from DiRT Rally, and if you prefer a more slidey, and difficult challenge (sometimes bordering on the unrealistic) then DiRT 4 isn't for you.And so far VR isn't supported. But I have heard rumors that VR support may arrive as a later DLC.In conclusion.I think DiRT 4 is great. It's all the best bits of the DiRT series, assembled into one game. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,421020,32288379,Posted: 9 June,all,Zashra,"People who are giving this game negative reviews generally miss the point of this game and are expecting DiRT Rally 2, which this is not.DiRT 4 brings back the fun and engaging atmosphere of previous DiRT games and has a completely different look and feel from DiRT Rally and is much more fun in my opinion.Bottom line, I love this game and if you liked the previous DiRT games (not including Rally or Showdown) or you're looking for a fun and engaging rally racing game that isn't a hardcore sim, then you'll probably enjoy this game."
76561198118801735,Recommended,421020,32349868,Posted: 11 June,all,Psychotic Oz,"Its pretty awesome. When i first played it sorta♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me but then after about 3 hours it felt better. it has the dirt rally like physics and handling but with it tuned down a little (a bit easier). after about 2-3 hours i started to enjoy it more it feels more like a really game than dirt rally. it just takes a while to transition from dirt rally to dirt 4. As a game this is a lot better. you can generate tracks, hire crew members, etc. its like a rally game with rpg elements.pro's:+ good handling in simulation mode+ great tracks+ you can generate tracks+ team/crew management+ online mode+ good car selection+ good graphics+ awesome career mode + progressionCons:- takes a while to transition from dirt rally- some textures look a little choppy- Seems the online is region locked"
76561198024274857,Recommended,421020,32286242,Posted: 9 June,all,MD Tron,"If you liked Dirty Rally, Dirt 4 is better (IMPO) which is hard for me to say because I love Dirt Rally.  Im racing with Sim Controles, Better graphics than (Dirt Rally) running Ultra Settings my resolution is 1440p, no issues with the game so far.Wow, just an amazing game.  I love the customization options in Dirt 4,  words dont do it justice.Iv played Forza 3 onward (Forza Apex 6 & FH3 on PC), Dirt Rally, Project Cars, and a few others.  I was not sure if I would like Dirt 4 over Dirt Rally, but everything is polished with nice upgrades.  From the graphics to the way you drive, how the car feels... Its almost like im really driving.  (Im playing with an Xbox Elite controller).  The music is great all the sounds and in game events/surprises while driving are realistic.  Cars sound great,  crew audio is spot on, lots of settings for sound and driving.I dont feel that ppl who have given Dirt 4 reviews, if they've played less than 2 hours, are going to give an honest review with so little experience and feel for the game.  I had to jump out of Dirt Fish (The optional training school) early just so I could get some racing in.  I was able to buy my first car, make a racing team, etc...  I enjoyed every minute of it.  If your not into all that stuff, you can jump into the racing and just drive.  They have so many racing options to keep things fresh.Its hard to say if you will like this game, its not easy.  So if your looking for something to listen to your favorite audio books and fall asleep at the wheel, this isnt it."
,Not Recommended,421020,34669853,Posted: 1 September,all,psyrius,"The Codemasters have been and are still the kings when it comes to the feeling and handling of your car. I've had a couple hours of fun with this game. What have stopped me playing however is the following:The new random built level system is a good idea, but after you have played a while, it feels unnatural and you start to recognize sections that may even repeat several times throughout a single level.The campaign is lacking in interesting content. You basically just choose a difficulty and you play through predetermined levels that which seems to have been created, even them, with the random level generator in the first place.I like that they have tried adding a competitive mode to the game. However, it's executed poorly and feels rushed. They should try to get inspiration from other successful games (not racing games) how to make an interesting ranking system that keeps the player motivated to rank up. Seeing your division doesn't say anything and it's not motivating enough. They also should increase the number of players that can play simultaneously. The game starts before the lobby is full and players leaving mid game leaves you often with only you and someone else competing against eachother.The navigation in the menus could be improved a lot.For the next Dirt game, which I really hope will come out eventually, I hope they fix and improve all of the above and for good measure, add a level editor tool, so you can create tracks yourself and share with your friends.It's a hard choice if I should recommend this game or not. I'd say if it's in the 30 eur range or below and you're into racing games, go for it!"
,Recommended,421020,32308337,Posted: 9 June,all,qngage,"if you played Dirt 3, you'll love this game...this game is made for a wider audience... hence the ""Gamer"" setting... so not as punishing as Dirt Rallybut overall not bad as a sim rally driving tho... why? go and try WRC6, it feels like driving on a smooth tarmac on every surface.. even the tarmac ride was not as challenging in Dirt 4... so yeah this game is better...but codies, please do make a Dirt Rally 2... that would also be an insta-buy for me :)and i do pray that codies would nab the rights for WRC series games..."
,Recommended,421020,32287410,Posted: 9 June,all,Joe,"Why is everyone comparing this game to dirt rally? It's a completely different thing and i do not remember codemasters stating it was supposed to be a new dirt rally.From what i understood it was supposed to be somewhere between dirt 3 and dirt rally to make it more accessable to both all rally fans. I play on a controller as my wheel broke a few years ago and i am enjoying this game alot right now. The new F1 like carrer mode is fun and keeps me far more interested than befre. Bring in the buying of new and used cars from dirty rally is an awesome idea.I had dirt rally from the start of its early access and enjoyed it throughly but the AI in that game was insane, i probably only won 3 or 4 rallys my entire time playing the game. So it makes for a nice change to be able to control how easy or hard the difficulty is as winning is fun you know?Anyhow this is not dirt rally so i do not understand why people are comparing the two games.If you are looking for a fun rally game that can actually be challenging but not full on sim, this is definately a game for you to try! I think it will have house and house of fun."
,Recommended,421020,32525883,Posted: 17 June,all,touuqe,"This isn’t Dirt Rally 2.You need to give it some time to get used to it, but it's a great addition to the DiRT franchise."
76561197991201231,Recommended,421020,34022214,Posted: 4 August,all,GaryLaserEyes,"I enjoy it, Ive seen a lot of negative response to this game but personally I dont think there is anything wrong with it. I think a lot of people were going into this game with the mindset that it was a dirt rally 2."
,Recommended,421020,33802734,Posted: 26 July,all,[GWJ] Gravey,"This is the rally game of my dreams, from the rally school to the best career mode I've seen in a racing game; from the driver and car customization to the classifieds and upgrades; and all the immersive details of rally atmosphere—changing conditions over the running order, stopgap repairs, stopped competitors, driving to the marshal—that contribute to the feeling of taking part in actual events. I’m enjoying the procedurally generated stages, even if I'm intimately familiar with Michigan's left-4-left-3, and left-5-watersplash, I don't know when they're going to come up. Plus the wider diversity in stage lengths over Dirt Rally’s sprint/long options, and the white-knuckle 6th gear straights Dirt 4 can throw up, make up for the repetition in the stages. Of course it'd be great to see even more variety in the tiles, or getting the corner call at the end of a straight earlier, but those improvements should come in future games. I understand others’ concerns about this first go at procedural generation, and the sim handling compared to Dirt Rally (even if those issues haven’t bothered me), but show me a rally game with better random stages—along with the career mode, weather and times of day, and everything else this game offers for the fantasy of being a professional rally driver. As a complete package, Dirt 4 is unrivalled."
,Recommended,421020,32283660,Posted: 8 June,all,Gunsargeramalls,"Ok so this is a very, very early review of the DiRT 4 game.  I've been a DiRT fan since the very beginning and by far the best DiRT experience I've had to day has been DiRT Rally!  Needless to say, I was absolutely bound to buy Dirt 4 with hopes of vast improvements over gameplay, graphics, realism, etc.  As usual, Day 1 launches are rough.  There seems to be a significant issue with some users of triple screen when the game tries to load into the intro race.  Repeated Crash To Desktop (CTD) can frustrate some players to the point of IMMEDIATELY uninstalling the game and getting a return.  I can say this emphatically...............There hasn't been a Dirt game to date that I felt warranted a return and a full on negative review.  So, let's talk about what I've experienced thus far.I got the game to run on triple screen by completing the into race in single and then going back in to triple right before I started Dirt academy. So far this seems to run fine.  Coincidentally this is also the only area where I've played the game so far due to testing for stability. I'll update this review after I start my career mode. (You can also follow along on my twitchpage.....www.twitch.tv/ramalls).  For what I've seen so far the graphics look really really good.  Are they better than Dirt Rally..........uhmmm not sure yet.  There are some definite higher detailed artifacts that I've seen in the little time that I've played and that's promising.  That's not to say that this game isn't beautiful because it is!  I'm optimistic that I'm going to see some vast improvements from Rally just because I'm an optimistic kind of guy.......................No really, I think this game is going to really look good if the demos can be trusted.The control setup was straight forward and immediately recognized my G27 racing wheel.  I’m also using my Saitek X55 joystick as my handbrake and this was also recognized easily.  TRACK iR IS SUPPORTED, although with triple screens it’s not really needed.  For what I’ve done so far, the handling feels good (on par with Rally), however, I’ll get more into detail as I progress through the game.Of course I’m going to knock CODY for the release day bugs, although this is now the norm for most of these AAA developers that push games.  But, unlike some AAA’s, at least CODY is stalking the forums and working fixes even as I type this……….(that’s why we keep coming back………just admit it).So like I said, this is an early, early review of day 1.  I’ll update as I get deeper into it.  Fortunately for me, Rally is still relevant and I’m not about to uninstall that and give up.  This will allow me to make some deep comparison.  If you get a chance, come on over to my twitch channel and hang out for a few and leave some comments.Peace out………………for now!Ramalls"
76561197999313733,Recommended,421020,32421751,Posted: 14 June,all,DOIDERA!,The best of the franchise in every single aspect.
,Recommended,421020,32280711,Posted: 8 June,all,Yunero of the Boreal Valley,"Maybe its not as realistic as richars burns rallyMaybe it hasent the best graphics.Maybe the game is easier now than dirt rally.But..... you can have endless new stages. Its the first step, and a very important one, to the perfect rally game.Played with a good steering wheel the game feels right. Everything is very well designed and feels polished.All this together makes dirt 4 a very good rally game, maybe the one that will keep you playing and driving forever."
76561197975028600,Recommended,421020,32285607,Posted: 9 June,all,Digressive (1-800-WAA-TATA),My co-pilot radio keep breaking down. Customization was level up. For a sequel it as potential. I read bad reviews and wonder what a my missing. I played with dirt franchise in mind not dirt rally. People crying a river over not being the same as dirt rally. Well just a reminder its not dirt rally 2.It hold to dirt franchise. All kind of dirt.
,Recommended,421020,32296482,Posted: 9 June,all,Burn,"People need to understand that this is Dirt 4, and not Dirt Rally 2. This game is amazing and doesn't deserve all the current bad reviews.If you are a sim racer just stick with Dirt Rally or you will be dissapointed and feel like this is a downgrade. But you don't have to give this game a bad review just because of that.Dirt 4, as in what Dirt is supposed to be (more arcade than sim), does the job very well. Just plug your controller and enjoy!"
76561198084310695,Not Recommended,421020,32333203,Posted: 10 June,all,Ansible2,"From the perspective of Dirt Rally:This is not a sequel and while asphalt physics are superb, the rest feels very sluggish and unrefined in comparison. Many people speak of a weight to the car, but frankly DR did it better on the offroad stuff in terms of feeling the car's momentum. That ability to make the car dance seems allusive and unobtainable right now, hopefully this will change later.From the perspective of Dirt 3:I know Dirt 3 was cheesy fun, but that's just it, it was FUN. In trying to appease two different audiences CM seem to have made something rather unbalanced in its presentation. If you are looking for the first game in the series to play, D3 is much cheaper and more accessible.Your Stage:After several tracks, I can see a pattern already in certain sections being used for multiple maps. It seems like the system takes several different premade ""blocks"" or sections and then connects them. Something good about these roads is the upped width compared to DR's commonly cramped ones.However, DR's Handmade tracks obviously feature much more detail. Bumps, dips, hairpins, acutes, jumps, camber, and deceptive turns. The flow in navigating these was much better obviously and that is lost in Your Stage. The biggest challenge on the stages is simply not clipping the same tall banks that run the sides of 75% of the track.Sound:Music is spot on, good stuff.Co driver calls are (because of Your Stage) much more inconsistent and choppy. There is a lack of tone change (at least in the female) despite speed and conditions. You can hear the audio files being cut short and despite being able to adjust delivery time, the calls still often come out at inappropriate times during each race. You will not be impressed if you played DR but that is the price for having unlimited stages I suppose.A Few of Things:Damage sound effects are cheap, loud, few in number, unnatural, and absolute rubbish. No more to say about that.From what I can tell, there is no way to turn off random mechanical failures. What is more annoying is that these seem to be baked into the stage upon loading, so if you simply restart the stage, the same issue will pop up again until you exit out of the race and reload. Its neat, but an option to shut it off would've been welcomed.Some of the instrument clusters, namely the Fiesta R5, have poorly visible gear indicators. Combine this with the facts that other cars in the class have easily visible ones and there is no way to add the overlay gauge to the cockpit view, it makes using this view somewhat of a handicap for some cars.During Freeplay, there is one single NPC (S. Alvarez for me) that will always occupy the top spot in Rally unless I am, in which case he is second. It means, I am really only competing with this single racer in terms of the championship because he will NEVER get below second and will always win unless I do.I'm still going to play, hopefully some of this changes. Really though, get one of the games that is supposed to bring together before you purchase this one."
76561197987105397,Recommended,421020,32769240,Posted: 25 June,all,Quiace?,"I think that the game is good and polished . But there are certain things that could have been better. I'm commenting and the Rally part only- My Stage: The idea is great and probably not the easiest to implement but then the stages might end up being more ""flat"" compared to Dirt Rally. The tiles or segments are easy to recognize after a while and there are less abrupt changes in the track overall. But on the good side you don't play the same stage over and over and you can't memorize the tracks.-Graphics: It's a mixed bag. The cars and tracks look better and the wet weather is just great in all enviroments. But the vegetegion suffered for some reason. Maybe is how the engine clips the alpha textures or it gets the lighting a bit off but at some points it feels not as good as Dirt Rally.-Physics: I already started to get used to it but the cars have problems sliding on gravel. Or they can get very twitchy also. The asphalt feels nice. Probably the devs have heard enough of this and come up with an update if that's possible. But still the driving experience feels good once you get used to it.-Single player: Great campaing, maybe could be a bit longer but it's well organized. Having Historic rally as a different category was a good idea too. Also the way you spend you credits makes the campaing more iteresting.-Multiplayer: Is great. Now you can compete in real time with other people on rally stages which is a great addition plus still having daily, weekly and monthly events.Overall is a good, solid game 7/10"
76561198132100727,Recommended,421020,32756587,Posted: 24 June,all,Hitlersaurus Rex,"At first glance, I was kinda put off by the mixed reviews, however after purchasing the game, I can say that the initial few hours I put into this game have been quite enjoyable. I owned DiRT Rally for my PS4 and it literally made me want to pull my hair out; it was not an enjoyable experience for me mainly due to the lack of difficulty and driver aid options. Conversly, DiRT 4 has a lot more difficulty options and settings compared to DiRT Rally, which is highlighted by the option between the ""Gamer"" and ""Simulation"" handing pre-sets. It is a fantastic compromise that allows more casual gamers such as myself to have a good time while still giving hardcore rally fans their own ""simulation"" setting, so people who liked DiRT Rally's handling style will still be right at home. Additionally, the game feels fantastic with a wheel, however I personally had to turn up the force feedback quite a bit and I'm sure that this still plays great with a controller or even a keyboard. The Dirt Fish rally school is also a highlight to test out vehicles and just scew around. Career wise, DiRT 4 introduces the ability to customize livery, pick and choose your own sponsers, and builds heavily upon the staff mechanic from DiRT Rally. There are also plenty of career races to keep you occupied for hours upon hours, with all of the rally stages randomly generated, so no two courses will ever be the same. Overall, this is a must buy for any rally fan, casual or hardcore.EDIT: There is a constant micro-stutter that occurs every 2-5 seconds that makes the game nearly unplayable. This is a known issue to codemasters and hopefully they will fix it soon."
,Recommended,421020,32311958,Posted: 10 June,all,da_elderly,"Coming from a guy with ~500 hours in Dirt Rally, this game is absolutely awesome! Most people say the physics are not improved..pssssshh. I have no idea what they are talking about. You now can properly left foot brake to make the car turn in!  Just because a car has more grip, doesnt mean its wrong.  The cars feel amazing with a wheel and force feed back turned on. I just did a stage online and raced my heart out for 10 long minutes in spain...only to win by 0.05s. yeah, you read that right. So much fun.Pros:+Your Stage+improved handling+more cars+improved single player+improved multiplayer+gravel pit (for practice)+rally lessons+sound track+awesome car sounds+more RX tracks+landrush+improved simulation (the cars bumper will not flip the car)Cons:-multiplayer lobby options could be improved.-sometimes 'your stage' segments get repeated a lot (other times its absolutely brilliant)-AI will still kill you.-bushes total carsTLDR: If you love rally or enjoyed Dirt Rally, I highly recommend this game.  So much replay value."
76561198090866338,Not Recommended,421020,32302356,Posted: 9 June,all,AT4047,"i liked the aspects bought in to career mode including sponsership etc. however, i dont like having to come out of career to buy and organise my garage etc. also after DiRT Rally im sorry guys but this isnt Sim even on sim handling this isnt sim. i have played the game for 2 hours and am already seeing repeat corners (mainly in spain) and when you see repeated corners on the same stage im sorry but it ruins the experience. I'm out quite a few weekends per year at rallies and this really is not aimed at rally fans - Racing Simmers, where you bought us in on DiRT Rally you have lost us as repeat customers. refund requested.."
,Recommended,421020,32283166,Posted: 8 June,all,Nend Sudes,"Fantastic game. The only reason the reviews are mixed is because people thought it was gonna be a hardcore sim like DiRT Rally.This franchise has always been an a arcade racer.The graphics are the only downside, I honestly think DiRT 3 looks better but other than that, It's a fantastic arcade racer."
76561198122419165,Recommended,421020,32302849,Posted: 9 June,all,IcyKota,Another great addition to the dirt series. It is not as difficult as Dirt Rally but it can still be very hard at on simulation mode. It is a wonder predecessor to Dirt 3. 10/10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,421020,32291287,Posted: 9 June,all,sHo,"we where promised a game that has better handling than dirt rally, did we get that? who knows .. the FFB is just god dam awefull (i cant even feel curbs in RX) the only point when FFB is there, is when u lost the car and need to correct the rest of the time its like driving a f1 car throu a 200km/h corner as u feel like u battle the downforce of one... there is no feeling of the car what so ever and that on a fanatec wheel (i didnt find any files that could be used for custom ffb -like in DR- either)the biggest joke is that the option to select shiftig based on the cars actuall real life shiftig is GONE?????(well and AI is still missing for smaller online events - but maybe me and my friends are the onlyones that actually what that, why is that not an option? u generate AI times in singlepayer anyway why not for MP?? - in an 8player multiplayer lobby BTW)"
76561198288055382,Recommended,421020,32405544,Posted: 14 June,all,Rats off to ya,"The game is fun, for me at least. It might not be some super hardcore rally sim but with the ""simulation"" handling mode on it still offers abit of a challenge. If you enjoyed dirt rally and are on the fence with dirt 4 i say give it a try. But if all you want is a sim out this game dont bother."
76561198063286052,Recommended,421020,32300160,Posted: 9 June,all,blazeruk1,Loving the Game.One of the best dirt games yet!Having Fun with the pedals and wheel.Was a bit frustrating at first getting use to the cars physics and being too aggressive and expecting to throw the car into bents and slide sideways and it not happening.But after an hour in DiRT Academy  learning Weight transfer and the other stuff im driving a lot better and having fun.Have Fun and play DiRT Academy first to learn the basics .Great Game.
76561198030972759,Recommended,421020,32290847,Posted: 9 June,all,fabiangc,First impressions are quite good!
,Recommended,421020,32293791,Posted: 9 June,all,T3MO,"First time DiRT game owner so I can't speak to the changes in physics/handling etc.  As an outsider I found this to be a very enjoyable game that I would recommend to anyone looking for a fun racing game.After playing it more, the only real complaint I have has to do with the snow courses.  My god, I haven't run into something this frustrating in quite a few games.  I haven't played for a few days strictly because I know my next race is a snow course and I can't talk myself into putting myself through the frustration, especially true because it's 5 segments long.  Other than that, I'm still enjoying the game and would recommend it."
76561198113802450,Recommended,421020,34658426,Posted: 1 September,all,napocapo69,"Dirt 4 is very good game, but it seems an ambitious project run out of time/budget to fulfill wath it takes to make a great rally game.It will be a very long review because a lot of things need to be said and clarified; I've spent over 140 hours on it; I've played Dirt Rally and I’ve just had a brief test drive of WRC 7.If you do not want to read the extended part, here is the bottom-line:- If you want a basic driving experience with a good selection of tracks andbeautiful locations, but bad FFB  then get WRC7, it is also fairly priced- If you want a full driving experience with very challenging tracks, amazing locations, great FFB and very good physics, but an awful career mode, then get Dirt Rally; it is still quite expensive but for good reasons- If you want a full driving experience with an infinite selection of tracks, bad to good locations, great career mode, great FFB and excellent physics, but you are prepared to accept some flaws, then get Dirt 4; beware, at the current price tag (55 euros) is overpricedNow the detailed review coming from a full sim experience with no assists.Physics EngineThe physics engine is amazing. The level of detail of how suspensions reacts to even minimal surface variations if wonderful, accurate and consistent. The way wheels get and lose traction on the road is a fulfilling experience; breaking is believable and the traction model is wonderful (you feel the car getting gradual traction as you push the throttle pedal and you risk spinning if you push too hard) but can be very punitive. Weight management is finally here; cars have weight, meaning the bumps are realistic (cars do not fly as in DR) with credible tilt, and thre is inertia. The mai isue I see is the lack of slip at the back and too slippery tracks which makes harder to drift.Force FeedbackGreat. Combined with physic engine, the FFB provides every little nuance coming from the traction, the suspensions and the wheels. On the downside, in the FFB there are a couple of settings which I’m not sure they do what they are supposed to do.GraphicsGraphic engine is excellent. The road has incredible detail, the effects (puddles, rain, fog, snow, dust) are amazing and lighting is the best in class. Despite that, the textures and the polygonal models of the trees are a bit too simplified and the colour palette is a bit too saturated, leading to an overall experience which is still very good but slightly below Dirt Rally level.SoundSound is wonderful. Overall is on par with Dirt Rally with some additional fineness. Also, on the positive side, the soundtrack is great. Not that much to add, you cannot be disappointed.TracksThis is tricky area. The track generator (Your Stage) is an amazing piece of software. It works flawlessly and produce different and consistent tracks; you can decide the challenge level, the length, the weather conditions and the time of day. Pretty awesome. Unfortunately, the selection of corners and curves is not that hege as it should be to achieve the desired effect; random generated tracks can have multiple repetitions not only of curves but also of sequence of curves. Overall, the track generator does not deliver the experience you are looking in an occasional stage (also considering the limited attractiveness of the locations design). Despite its limitations, it is a great tool if you want to setup a personal championship or to participate to an online event featuring stages unknown to all the competing players.LocationsDefinitely the downside part. In first instance, 5 locations are not enough. The design of the locations (in terms of variety and detail of environment) is not adequate. Michigan and Australia are fair to good, Wales is very good, Sweden is not bad but too flat. Spain is very bad and deserves a special mention; tracks are of pure flat asphalt (with no variations, aside from when you cross a village) and provide a very boring experience; also, the grip is way too slippery.CarsSelection is limited but I believe in line with Dirt Rally and the design is very detailed. The car configuration menu is clear and well organized and every change made in setup reflects consistently in the actual behaviour on road. All cars have different handling and this is nice. Pretty much in line with Dirt Rally. Unfortunately, some cars come with a weird default setup, and you should spend some time in putting it in order. Most of them are fun to drive but it must be noted that some specific cars have a bad handling; namely, most of the 2000cc cars and some RWDs (aside from Fiat 131 Abarth which is great already at default settings).Damage SystemSimply great. Every damage is reflected accurately, aesthetically and functionally. Also, while driving, you can have occasional downgrade of car performances, which is nice. Minor remark: the repair times are too forgiving for my taste.Weather SystemWonderful. 13 different weather choices that combined with 108 possible choices of the time of day allows you to set-up 130 possible situation for the same stage. But where the system stands-out is in the way it dynamically affects not only visually but also functionally (in combination with the physics engine) the race. Really, no other rally game compares in this regard.GameplayCareer mode is outstanding. It features 4 sections: contemporary rally, rally cross, land rush and historic rally. Land rush is not my cup of tea (to be noted that in land rush the drifting works very nicely). Rally Cross is nice. The contemporary and historic rally are very nice and long (can take easily 200 hrs) and you’ll never face the same track twice. You can setup and manage your team, design you own livery, and with the credits you gain you can buy structures and cars.Personal championship is the area where D4 stands out compared to any other games; it is where the track engine really delivers its best. You can setup an event where the stages follow a consistent sequence in the time of the day and in the progression of the weather.Online events. Pretty much as Dirt Rally (daily, weekly and monthly challenges), with the plus of random tracks. Sadly, the online championship is almost desert now; the same goes for multiplayer.I can just hope the situation changes, but do not buy this game if multiplayer is your primary drive.Replay SystemGood. Similar to Dirt Rally (including the limitation of not being able to save the replay) with some additional features (choice of selecting/muting background music, enabling/disabling co-pilot voice, helicopter view).ConclusionsIn conclusion the fundamentals of this game are great. I kept away from D4 until recently due to bad reviews; then I purchased it and realized that, along with some legitimate criticism, most of harsh reactions were coming from incomptent people, or gamers (like me) disappointed for not having a DR2.My suggestion to you is to stay away from reviews with less than 40hrs of gameplay. What really should drive your choice of purchase, is how you want to play a rally game.If your priority is the full rally experience (championships/events with multiple stages always different) then D4 is the best rally game to date.Vice versa, if your priority is to pick up a predesigned stage and improve your time record in a challenging track (of which you know may already every corner and the copilot is just a useful reminder), while driving in a wonderful location, Dirt Rally wins hands down. D4 will disappoint you.Most of the  people who do not like D4 fall in the second category.I fall mostly in the first category; I pick up DR for a single stage buI I enjoy D4 for a complete rally .Below a couple of links to capture 2 stages of the historic career (not my best performance).Judge yourself.https://youtu.be/OLyx9tGagZwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6gXq1ZxbWk&t=418s"
,Recommended,421020,32299158,Posted: 9 June,all,Theloden,"Pretty good rally game, it's not as much of a simulation as Dirt Rally is, but it's a nice mix and provides some entertainment for more casual racing game fans. Good selection of classic and modern rally cars, plus FWD, RWD, and AWD are all represented. The team creator is kind of neat too and gives you more of a feeling that the cars are yours instead of just generic liveries that the past games offered.When I first started the game, I was concerned about the graphics since they looked muddy and not crisp at all. Nvida has released game specific drivers that really help with the graphics and make the game look much nicer. It's still not perfectly optimized, but at least it looks way better than it did.All in all, it's not Dirt Rally, but it is fairly fun and the Dirt Fish Rally School gives some help to those who aren't used to games that have you racing on loose surfaces."
76561198168370598,Recommended,421020,35474371,Posted: 4 October,all,skorild,it is a very good game
76561198206676181,Recommended,421020,32322695,Posted: 10 June,all,Pieter S,please can you look more into triple screens-graphics is bad-intro is bad-and it keeps crashing on start line when its switching to triple screens
,Recommended,421020,32283805,Posted: 8 June,all,Andrew Jackson,"First impressions are very good.  Improves upon the graphics and handling of Dirt Rally.It looks cleaner without the washed out look of DR, Wales for example no longer looks like a Watercolor painting with little color.If looking for a simulation experience, make sure you turn off all of the assists in the extra difficulty settings after you finish the introductory stages, the game adds these extra assists even after selecting simulation, so don't judge it until you turn all that off!"
,Recommended,421020,32378654,Posted: 12 June,all,Mr.Stride,"I am going to be completely honest, I do not like this game. They got everything right from the sound to the graphics, to even the new generated tracks. But they messed up on one thing that killed the game (in my opinion), the physics. It's more of a ""Arcadish"" game than dirt rally, and it's a little bit of a shame. If Codemaster realized that the majority of the Steam audience are Sim Racers they would of gotten the majority of the audience happy. I had a feeling deep in my gut,  before it even came out that it was not going to be as good as its successor, Dirt Rally.There's a reason why this game has a 5 star rating on the PlayStation Store and a lot of people are saying it's a good game. If you're just a casual who plays on a controller, you'll have a very fun time racing these cars. That's not a bad thing, just for me it's not what I hoped for as I have a full Sim setup that I use all the time for Dirt Rally and other racing titles.I do have to give them credit, a lot of the stuff that they put into Dirt 4 for can easily be transferred to a new game in the Dirt Rally series too, and if they added the regenerating tracks into it, I think that would be heaven for me and many others. So I'm giving this game a thumbs up. Even though it's not meant for me it doesn't mean it's a bad game. Everything works, there's no bugs and for the general audience I think it's a great game. But it's not for me, and any other hardcore Sim racers. If you want proof and own this game, try driving the Lancia Stratos in both tittles, there's a hell of a difference."
76561198016880157,Recommended,421020,32429293,Posted: 15 June,all,Riik,"On balance, DiRT 4 is a good, fun game; and a worthy sequel. But it's not without its flaws. If you're expecting DiRT Rally 2... well the name itself should be enough to tell that this isn't that.On it's surface, DiRT 4 looks like a follow-up to DR. The true-to-life Rallycross tracks, for instance, replacing the temporary steet & arena circuits of DiRT 2 and 3. And with rallies for UK and Sweden retained, similar car categories and an increasing divergence away from Raid and Trailblazer (The former fully dropped for DR and the latter now dropped fully for D4), many people are treating this game as a spiritual DiRT Rally 2... and getting quite disappointed. But the fact is... that's not what this game is. When you get under the surface of it, you can begin to find elements that point toward this game continuing along the traditional DiRT lineage - an arcade racing mode that feels more like classic DiRT (with a realistic-enough sim mode option as well which isn't perfect, but definately a step up in realism compared to the rest of the sequential DiRT series), the return of landrush and that feeling of american-y influence that came about when DiRT embraced the X-Games. And whilst - like DR - D4 has dropped the X-Games to feature the WRxC (only unlike DR has enough RX tracks to FEEL like a championship), the movement of the player's base of operations to Washington and starting out in regional rally events in Michigan point to this game returning to trying to entice an American audience. And whilst this isn't as showy and in-your-face as DiRT 2's attempt in that direction (And don't get me into DiRT Showdown), it does make a lot of international players think ""America again? I thought you guys at CodeMasters were British..."". Honestly, this would have been a cool opportunity to have an Australia-centric game... that would be fun and interesting. But in the end, it's worked out, if a little stale.Gameplay-wise, you can expect the same-old formula for rally, and the return of a modified version of the WRxC rules for RX. At times, the car can feel a little odd to drive on sim mode, with a rear end that grips like it's in glue, only to suddenly flip out from under you when you try to take a tight turn. The cars feel much lighter than in DR, and every collision makes the same noise, regardless of whether it's against a cliff face or a traffic cone, which can be a little disconcerting, but overall, it's still playable - and still fun; and still a step up from D3. AI can be a little weird at times, going unusually slow or fast at certain sections of stages, and taking circuits like they're on rails (most evident in Crosskarts... damn, those things handle like they're on a sugar high), and the max difficulty level is locked until you finish the game, so you do need to be aware that it'll be variable in its abilities at times.Procedurally-generated tracks seem like a great addition on the surface, and it's definately better than D2's meagre selection of rally stages, but when you realise that the number of 'tiles' to each specific location is actually quite small, the stages start to be become more repetative than taking the same small selection of hand-made stages again and again. A single turn can appear uncountable times in a single stage... including consecutively... and the nature of the generating software means that the tracks do tend to get a bit bland... though that might just be because the game starts with so much of the rallies taking place in Michigan (yawn) and Fitzroy (which I suppose is alright). The biggest issue this seems to create is in the pace notes. Often it seems that each section's notes don't take into account the section you've just come from. You might get a call for a tight turn too late to brake for it if you're travelling at a high speed... and more than once I've crashed from lack of a caution call. And when the co-driver DOES call a caution, you often end up thinking ""wait, I slowed down for THAT?"".New to the DiRT series in Dirt Rally was a level of team management that has been taken to GRID levels for DiRT 4. Whilst it is lacking in the livery customisation options many GRID players have come to expect, it does fill in a gap that has been left open by previous DiRT games. You no longer have to choose between brand loyalty and car favouritism when selecting your car for a category... which honestly would have felt better in the earlier DiRT games where opponants had more individual life rather than just being the selection of code they feel like in D4. Feels almost too little too late. Still, there's the technical side of team management building upon DR's options, creating an immersive experience that feels like you're growing a team around you as you become more professional.So what about the game engine...? Well.... honestly, it seems a little less polished and stable than DR. It looks better than D3, but given the time that has passed, that is to be expected. Many people will be forced to disable mirrors to prevent unavoidable freeze-ups, and even reduce graphics quality a little further below 'playable' levels to keep the game running for long periods. Because of these issues, you're going to want to keep your graphics driver up to date to decrease the likelihood of the game hanging. It does make one wonder if CM had to downgrade the engine from DR a little for D4 to make up for features like the rally stage generation, and it makes one wonder if they messed up a few things in the stability department whilst doing it.Overall, DiRT 4 isn't perfect. But for a next-gen sequential DiRT game, it's alright. It's fun, it's MOSTLY playable and it caters to arcade and sim players alike. The price tag might not match the quality of the game at present, but if you're a die-hard rally or DiRT fan, that probably won't bother you. Everyone else should probably wait a bit either for the price to drop or the game to patch up a little. Verdict? 7/10."
76561198043955555,Not Recommended,421020,32294512,Posted: 9 June,all,Panic,"Dirt Rally was all about oversteer and powerslides, it needed practice and was very rewarding time wise. Dirt 4 has gone on the exact oposite direction powerslides are impossible and if you try to induce oversteer it feels like a driving mistake and that you need to correct it. So Dirt 4 rewards driving in lines on gravel wich feels wrong and is a lot away from reality.Of course Dirt Rally was a bit of an exageration though it was build around the essence of gravel rallying: going sideways.Dirt 4 is still a good game devs probably chose that direction to match the fact you're constantly racing unknown roads, all other aspects of the game are fine and online multiplayer day and night with DR. Not recommended because in the end the physics are the core of any racing game. This game fails to capture the feel of a rally car on gravel to such an extent the driving experience is really awful."
,Recommended,421020,32347310,Posted: 11 June,all,Tar Toast,I'm new to Rally Racing games and I find this to be fine introduction to the genre.I recommend this game to anyone not expecting a in depth racing sim.
,Recommended,421020,32347031,Posted: 11 June,all,Shimaco,"Pretty good racing game as I expected. The handling experience is harder than Dirt Rally did, but acceptable. Though I used the same FFB setting from Dirt Rally, the reflection is much different. That took me some time to get used to it.The online mode is really fun and challenging. And the limit of retry made the race more serious. Risk management become important and any mistake may result in severe lost."
,Recommended,421020,32379801,Posted: 12 June,all,MaverickA,"I must say that this game already outgrow and far more entertaining from it's predecessor DiRT 3. Physics is like DiRT Rally and the new 900° tuning wheel and virtual arms is now more engaging in the cockpit view. With the combination of amazing graphics, car details, effects and textures adds more to realism. If you are into racing simulation games, I highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,421020,33474063,Posted: 12 July,all,Martakus,"I would really like to recommend this game unconditionally, and I do think it is quite solid, but there are several known bugs and design flaws that the developers just don't seem to care about/have any intention to fix. For example, when you let a friend play on an easy difficulty in FREE PLAY mode, the same difficulty setting is automatically applied to your career mode and you can't turn it back until you start a new CHAMPIONSHIP (not event, like the tool tip suggests). I don't know who thought glueing free play and career mode together like that, but apparently they've never had a friend over to play. Besides that, Daily Stages award cash, but no XP, while Multiplayer races award both. I could go on, but I don't really see the point. So yeah, good game with a lot of potential, but the devs take quite long to provide updates. So if you're a casual player who's looking for fun, this is definitely a game for you, but if you want to be challenged at all times, I'd suggest you think twice."
,Recommended,421020,32300049,Posted: 9 June,all,Rekt.exe,"I've played pretty much every Dirt title out there, PC/consoleI really expected more of a DR feel but i wasn't counting on it to begin with.With a neutral view on the game, it actually improved allot in general.Sure, the SIM setting could have some tweaking with overal grip imo.""But codemasters promised Dirt Rally physics""For some aspects it actually improved, yes. Like car weight and braking physics, oh and the tarmac feels godlike!But getting your car to oversteer is more of a forced thing you have to do yourself instead of dealing with it.Kinda feels unnatural.I think if they tweak the grip in the future it will be a big improvement for the simulator setting.TL;DR: Sim felt a little arcady for me.Overall, i think there are way to many people that expected Dirt rally 2, like me.But most of the haters only look at that 1 negative thing and not at how much the game has to offer.But atleast some of us are staying neutral and giving it a chance, HECK it's not even out for 1 day.Codemasters will be listening and patching/tweaking things ASAP."
,Recommended,421020,32300184,Posted: 9 June,all,Röbton,"Big fan of DiRT 2 and 3, and liked DiRT Rally. Great game so far. Haven't played around with the simulation handling settings yet, but the gamer handling setting is a great throwback to the earlier games for fun play. Compared to Dirt Rally which IMO isn't fit for relaxing play at all.Pros:- Landrush and Buggy-races makes a comeback from the second game.- ""Gamer"" handling settings, so you don't have to deeply consentrate to do good and relax a little.- Music, loved the soundttrack of DiRT 2 especially. So it's nice to hear some good music in between races again.- You can create your own team, with your own liveries on the car (within limits). And even have your own name on the side windows.- borderless windowmode- Daily challenges like in DR, which makes you come back for moreCons:- I miss Trailblazer, wish that mode would make a comeback as well.- Hillclimb from DR was also acceptable, but that is also not present as far as I know.- Does NOT have Ken Block and Tanner Foust shouting at me when I crash into them :(In conclusion so far, this is a game for people who liked the early DiRT games, but thought DiRT Rally and games like it was too serious. This is a good throwback to DiRT 2 and 3 with, DiRT Rally mixed into it. It also seems to run pretty well, haven't had any technical issues yet."
,Recommended,421020,32285432,Posted: 9 June,all,amirizzuddin,very good
,Recommended,421020,32293422,Posted: 9 June,all,Tiяit chan,Best Dirt game i ever play'd :) Løp og kjøp :3
76561197989168865,Recommended,421020,32293753,Posted: 9 June,all,Aden Forst,"Will eventually update this review after getting a bit more into carrer mode and other more game-y aspects, but as a DiRT Rally veteran with hundreds of hours spent there, I must say that the handling model in simulation mode remains absolutely intact. The FFB needs some work, but the game is pretty much a worthy successor."
,Recommended,421020,32332513,Posted: 10 June,all,lawrhed,"Is not the best Rally game, but if you like the Dirt 2 and Dirt 3 and want a easy and stress free Rally game go ahead and buy this game.Dirt Rally have a better pyshics and the hand made circuits are better than the procedural generation of Dirt 4, but is not the end of the world :).I like that in Dirt 4, the AI could make mistakes and show in the stage broken down at side of the road, and in the others disciplines could make mistakes like false jump at the start of race. And the carrer mode that you buy a car, contract the mechanical engineer, PR guy and other people to help at the service area is great. You could buy better facilities that make the crew happy, more faster in the repair job, more garage space and others buildings. The options to customise the brand of you team is great.For this i give a 9/10."
,Recommended,421020,32332916,Posted: 10 June,all,Dsmoke503,"amazing game just kept crashing on my pc, gtx1050ti 7th gen i5 16gb ram....nothing crazy ,but should not crash so much,on med settings so not sure whats going on..."
,Recommended,421020,32314588,Posted: 10 June,all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"Is about 99 percent as good as Dirt Rally, with a lot of extra stuff and such. Worth your time and money.The only genuinely negative thing I can say about it is that they've shamefully wasted a lot of time, effort and assets towards rallycross and land rush."
,Recommended,421020,32357734,Posted: 11 June,all,Treymar Jr.,"Hey friends, just thought I'd share some of my thoughts.Time played: 4+ hoursI was pretty reluctant to buy this game, as I already have DiRT Rally, and there have been mixed reviews, but so far I have been really happy with my time playing this game.Graphics 8/10Music 8/10Sounds 10/10Difficulty 7/10**Overall 9/10Ok, so where do I begin... This game is really pretty pleasant, no matter what reviews you see. When you first start you get an introduction that lets you choose between a more arcade style of racing, or the simulation style. Being someone who had clocked plenty of hours on DiRT Rally I chose the latter. After a race it recommends a difficulty for you, myself being pro.Modes: I played a few different modes in the first few hours: the tutorial (wow!), rally, joyride, and competitive.-Tutorial: This is great. As someone who played the previous game (only somewhat successfully) this was really nice. Whether you are new to the concepts or not the practice is really helpful.-Rally: Oh yeah! This time around you don't have to start in a 60's car. That fact alone makes this so much better. I am also really pleased with the setup for the career, it just makes sense.-Joyride: If you're into gymkhana this could be for you, the smash attack and time attack modes are pretty fun.-Competitive: While I only did one race here, it was pretty fun to rally against others in real time, also came out with a win!Pros: Fun, realistic, rewarding, great team management system (something the previous game really needed), great atmosphere.Cons: None so far. This game has been really good.I would totally recommend this game. I'm four hours in, but that's just the surface. Cheers!"
,Recommended,421020,32451863,Posted: 15 June,all,LikeWildFire™,"Well, after a few hours of gameplay, it's time for my review.Pros:- Good graphics- Randomly generated stages provide quite a challenge- Leveling system gives it an RPG feeling- Lots of cars divided by lots of car classes- SFX are very well developed- RallycrossCons:- Handling model feels stiff and not very authentic- Randomly generated stages often give you a sense of déja vu- Pace notes don't sound fluid like in DiRT Rally, they've gone back to sort of robotic- Transmission can be set to Manual Sequential or H-pattern with clutch, but not both at the same time. This means you cannot alternate between the two types based on the car you drive. You'll have to use either of each.To be honest, this game feels like a step down from DiRT Rally... However, that doesn't make it unenjoyable.I still enjoy the game, but not as much as DiRT Rally."
,Recommended,421020,32490527,Posted: 16 June,all,Whippy,"Fantastic Game! What people are too ignorant to realise is that difficulty does not equal realism. I fully recommend this game to any sim, rally, or racing fan out there, beautifully made."
,Recommended,421020,32491785,Posted: 16 June,all,Gen&Jukes,"Good game, fun handling, a couple of issues like my wheel not working correctly but I'm sure that'll be ironed out.  Having a good time with it otherwise."
,Recommended,421020,32327351,Posted: 10 June,all,SE215,"This is without a doubt my favourite Codemasters game yet.The car selection is good, although hopefully they add more cars with DLC. All the favourites are there at least (Lancia Delta HF Integrale, Peugeot 205, Evo X, Mini, etc.). The physics are superb, however it's not as 'loose' as Dirt Rally, so fans of that game may be disappointed. The game offers 'Simulation' and 'Gamer' physics modes, so both sim fans and casual gamers should be satisfied.No two rally stages are the same due to 'Your Stage', CM's new track generator. The stages are fun and don't feel repetitive, but admittedly they lack the character of Dirt Rally's stages. There is a small, but decent selection of landrush and rallycross courses as well. Again, hopefully CM will add more in the future.Speaking of landrush and rallycross, they don't feel nearly as fleshed out as the rally and classic rally disciplines, but I wouldn't go as far as calling them an afterthought. This is first and foremost, a rally game.I'm playing in simulation mode with a controller, ABS set to 3 and automatic shifting turned on. Now, I'm no hardcore sim racer, but I'm consistently getting podium positions at 'tough' AI difficulty. As far as I can tell, that's the highest AI difficulty the game has to offer. While this is certainly a confidence booster, I really shouldn't be doing this well. Hardcore sim fans will be disappointed. It's also worth mentioning that the game doesn't include CM's 'flashback' feature, at least in simulation mode. Personally, I don't miss it. I like that the game forces me to live with my mistakes.Performance is mostly good, although most people should turn off 'blending' and turn crowds to low for a substantial increase in FPS. In terms of graphical fidelity, the game isn't particularly impressive.Dirt 4 has its issues, but in the end this is some of the most fun I've ever had in a racing game. Five stars."
,Recommended,421020,32332069,Posted: 10 June,all,DeborasBubba,"As a HUGE fan of DiRT Rally I can confidently say this game improves and develops on that formula in significant ways.  Absolutely must-have if you're a rally fan.  I felt compelled to write a review after seeing the ""mixed"" rating."
76561198032777621,Recommended,421020,35024481,Posted: 17 September,all,Addtheking,"Better then Dirt 3, Not as good as Dirt Rally."
,Recommended,421020,32303350,Posted: 9 June,all,✪ Stimo,.
,Recommended,421020,32306342,Posted: 9 June,all,GRASS,"A little more tame in presentation compared to the Monster-fueled Dirt2 era. A little closer to Dirt Rally or the original Dirt, or the F1 titles in presentation style.No TrackIR support at launch is a disappointement, especially when its a feature that's been present in many Dirt games, it would be less of an issue if that was a new thing for Codemasters to support.A little heavy on the team micro management side, although none of it (so far in my career) seems necessary at lower difficulty levels (if you just want to drive...)The Rally tracks are more on the simulation side, much narrower than what you would be used to if you are coming from Dirt2 and 3, they are slightly more challenging and require more nuanced driving.The 3D modeling and rendering of the cars is top notch, while the track/environment art remains largely the same, which is not a bad thing. It's all very sharp. However, even with visuals set to Ultra, there's a little lack of depth in some lighting situations, like overcast or noon lighting, where everything just looks un-lit and its hard to tell where to go (of course, ignoring copilot info). Some GI, increased shadow distance, post processing could help add depth to the environments in future iterations.Overall I still recommend the game. My main gripe in this list is the lack of TrackIR support which I hope gets patched at some point. I would love to play the game in cockpit view, but without TrackIR, it becomes a huge hindrance, and I have to settle with using Hood or chase view. Being able to look freely, having the head disconnected from the car's axis, being able to look into turns as your car goes sideways, to me seems essential in a game like this."
,Recommended,421020,34740048,Posted: 4 September,all,Gino,"LOVE this game! I play it on a Logitech G920 and it is so addicting!! Great graphics, great sounds, and fun driving! Only downfall is rally stages can become a bit repetitive."
76561197993463341,Recommended,421020,34728482,Posted: 3 September,all,adrook,"Not as bad as the reviews say it is. It's a decent game for the most part, you can actually play with a gamepad. Dirt Rally was terrible with a gamepad, and possibly the best racing game of all time with a steering wheel. So I'd consider this a bit more casual than Dirt Rally. The difficulty gets weird late in the game, I can finish 15 seconds ahead in one race then no matter what I end up being +10 seconds in the next race. It's unfortunate that the series has gone this way, but it is still better than most racing games. I've been playing this series since Colin McRae 2.0 and have over 270 hours in Dirt Rally.EDIT: I should add that I haven't really even tried this game much in ""simulation mode"" with the wheel, it could be awesome but I'm lazier now....."
,Recommended,421020,34768554,Posted: 5 September,all,Aerial | DivineShots,Fun game when you are bored
76561197965146476,Recommended,421020,32529560,Posted: 18 June,all,Essali,"This is just fun rallygame, not so hardcore as Dirt rally. They are hard to compare. Both has their pros and cons, i like both games."
,Recommended,421020,33132220,Posted: 2 July,all,Natural moat,Have a good feeling with g27.
76561198043976215,Recommended,421020,32371120,Posted: 12 June,all,Boris,"An overall improvement over Dirt Rally.Driving is much more challenging with proper weight transfer, now braking in a bad moment could mean sucide, often rear end snaping around ending bad for spectators,Please note that all cars by default are tuned to understeer and keep you safe, applying a proper tune (open front dif, lock up rear diff and higher front toe in will usually suffice) will result in a mad drift machine of course if you want that.This game is in no way iferrior to Dirt Rally (more than 200 hours)"
,Recommended,421020,32283814,Posted: 8 June,all,ScipiO,"Don't listen to the wannabe purists that assume that less grip = more realistic. Matter of fact the tarmac physics system is loads better than Dirt Rally. The only part of the graphics that have been downgraded is track detail; the cars look and particle effects and crowd look as great as ever. Campaign and multiplayer have been greatly improved with a whole ""build your own team"" subsystem that really adds a lot of depth to something to what was once barebones. I don't really care for the rallycross or landrush modes, but I don't feel like anything has been taken away from the regular rally experience. Complain all you want about the lack of handplaced detail within each stage but I'd rather have different rally stages every time then memorize the same 6 stages per location that I could do in my sleep ala Dirt Rally. Force feedback has also been improved in my opinion. UI is great, sounds is great as always, and the licensed soundtrack is much improved over the ultra generic 4 tracks that made up the entire soundtrack of the last game. My only real grevience with the game is the lack of 2017 WRC cars, but including them would've been impossible without the WRC license. To add on to that now your girlfriend or other friends can play the game with the arcade handling and not get frustrated by crashing into a wall every 5 seconds. The more people who can enjoy rally, the better."
,Recommended,421020,32309395,Posted: 9 June,all,tonyeltoto,"First I want to say that I use a controller to play, so if you use a controller aswell it's trully a great game, improvement in every single aspect from Dirt Rally except the grapchics which are a pretty big downgrade. The thing is, I have many friends with wheel setups, and many people on the internet that complain about the handling. ""the car has too much grip"" ""literally no oversteer"" ""cars are too easy to control"". I rate it positive because I have had a lot of fun playing this game.Edit: the way I would compare this game to Dirt Rally is that Dirt 4 is a more ""AAA"" game, it is a game made to cater to more people, whereas Dirt Rally was not. To further explain this I say that Dirt 4 has better details like carreer progression, better music, more cars, more modes, but it is missing that base that Dirt Rally had."
76561198082622257,Recommended,421020,32332974,Posted: 10 June,all,schneemobile,"I don't really get the negative comments about this game.  I played about 80 hours of dirt rally and have about 8 currently on dirt 4.  To me, you seem to be able to feel the bumps better, the flat tires, the brake and clutch.  Just overall a better feeling game than Dirt Rally."
,Recommended,421020,32478467,Posted: 16 June,all,eulersarmy,"I don't get the hate ... sim racers seem like a miserable bunch. If you are a normal human don't believe the low reviews, this game is stupid fun. I have a wheel and play on sim mode and it is challenging and exciting (maybe not super realistic ... who knows I have never driven a real rally car, as I imagine few others that talk trash have either ...). The tutorial guide at the beginning is amazing, really helped me in other games I play as well ... much better than watching youtube videos to learn some of the basics."
,Recommended,421020,32281468,Posted: 8 June,all,Shelby4271965,"DIRT 3 Rally. That about sums up this game.I've never left a review on a game before, mainly because I'm new to steam and PC gaming and every game I've tried so far, well, everybody's already said all there is to say. But this is new, I've had it for a few hours now, and as a racing game veteran I'm going to give my honest opinion on it.Basically, this is a game for the masses. And that's not a bad thing. It doesn't sacrifice the dedication of Dirt Rally but it doesn't isolate the casual racing gamer by making this a Sim. I have to say, the guys at Codies have actually managed to crack the middle ground. It's like two games - a sim and an arcade, mixed into one. The best part is, when you do things online, it separates those who play with the ""Sim"" handling from those with the Arcade, keeping everything fair.I have to say, I'm very pleased. The cars handle exactly how they should (I play on Sim with a Logitech G920). The Group A cars no longer handle like boats. Front wheel drives handle lift off oversteer better. The soundtrack is great (Queens of the Stone Age, enough said.) This game is essentially the suave of Dirt 3, with the Backbone of Dirt Rally. All it needs is the Porno menu music from the original Dirt and the multiplayer from Dirt 2 and you've got the Dirt Greatest Hits.Main Pros:- Queens of the Stone Age- handles like Dirt Rally (If you want it to)- handles like Dirt 2/3 (if you want it to)- official liveries for the majority of cars are back- graphics of the scenery are amazing- menus are very well laid out- Queens of the Stone Age- no more dudebro monster energy Ken Block♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Nicky Grist makes a return, which nearly brought a tear to my eye- Cross Platform Support for Leaderboards- Did I mention Queens of the Stone Age?- Making your own team is neat (basically GRID's system)Main Cons:- graphics on the cars leave a bit to be desired if I'm honest. They look a bit like they came from Sebastien Loeb Rally. That is not a compliment.- cars themselves. The roster is a taaaad disappointing. The 205 GTI shouldn't have a class of its own. Each class should have at least four cars I would think, to keep it diverse. Megane Maxi wouldn't go amiss...- same issue as Dirt Rally with the manual sequential gearbox and flappy paddles. Doesn't always shift when you want it to and it can be infuriating. I don't think it's a hardware issue as this and Dirt Rally are the only two games that do it.- content. Frankly, I think it needs a bit more content. More locales, more cars. But that's what DLCs are for. And mod support, hopefully.- Livery editor leaves a bit to be desired too. It's basically what we had in GRID and while that's cool, a bit more freedom would be nice. But then I guess there'll be skin modding soon enough.In all? If you like Dirt 3, buy it. If you like Dirt Rally, buy it.I honestly couldn't recommend the game enough, after trying out the various features there's definitely enough to keep you going and enough to warrant the extra purchase if you already have Dirt 3/Rally.Well done Codies, Colin would be proud. Hopefully some day you'll bring his legacy back and put his name in the title again. It's definitely deserving of it."
,Recommended,421020,32604355,Posted: 20 June,all,Altraxus,"Dirt 4 is everything I hoped it would be. It's a perfect blend of dirty rally and dirt 3. I have no idea how this is rated as mixed right now, because it's a solid game. I personally like it better than rally."
,Recommended,421020,32339633,Posted: 11 June,all,corpse,"This game picks up where DiRT Rally left off. Added in the random rally stages and good variety of rallycross cars and short course racing veichles. I haven't put it down since I bought it. I'm sure graphics issues are rare or at ultra settings. Playing the game on High and it seems to run fine for me. Helps that I'm using 2x AMD RX480s with Crossfire SLI bridge.The game is great you should give it a try. I honestly like it better than DiRT Rally cause it has the short coruse Pro-2 trucks and you have to love sliding and controlling a Rear Wheel Drive (RWD) truck on mud, gravel, and loose sand. I feel like there should be more content for the Land Ruhs mode, but its a huge step in a more polished game than DiRT Rally.Plus for those that don't like the sim version of DiRT Rally don't be scared to pick this up they have an arcade handling mode for you casual players that want to get into a rally car game or to improve your self till you feel you can take on the sim mode.Plus playing this game with a F310 Logitech controller feels great. I'm sure wheel is better than controller but hey I like my joystick. If your worried about the pruchase I recommend you watch a broadcast or wait for a sale for this game. Might feel more satisfied with your purchase.Forgot to mention the create your own Off-Road Racing Team. Choose the colors of your car and paint scheme. You can also choose what sponsors you want to race for and they have goals depending on how you race or the quality of the sponsor rank. Some say get 1st and some say don't hit other cars. Plenty of nice little bonuses to give you enough money to buy your next car. Plus if  you have your own team but not the  car for the event you can just use a Contracted car to enter the event so you don't spend your money. But the team takes a big cut from you using their car. So if you get your own team means more money and profits to tune up your cars with better equipment. Just gives you that nice team manager feeling while you are the driver of your own team.Ignore these one liner remarks of how the game is crap and doesn't work. If it doesn't work simply return the game with in the 2 hour time limit.In all fairness for a review for this game its really good. Anyone that is missing that void for driving offroad cars get this game."
76561198030905044,Recommended,421020,32336946,Posted: 11 June,all,Patches,"I've just finished 5 hours of playing the Rally section in Career Mode. I have DR, AC, iRacing, Dirt 1-2-3, WRC4 and some other racing games. I bought my own car and started a team, run a few short championships.This game is fine and fun so far. My G27 works with no problems along with FFB. I like the feel of the cars, by far the best Dirt physic's I remember. Way ahead of WRC4 and the older F-1 games (F-1 2016 is not bad). It's a little different than DR i guess, you can feel the weight of car. You can kick the back of the car out anytime you want.If you want to loosen the car up, just move the front shock/ride adjustments to soft and the rear adjustments to stiff. It'll loosen right up when at speed. I think the driving so far is just fine and read it gets better as you buy better parts. As it seems you start off with default parts and through R&D you get better parts.And you can upgrade a lot of stuff like the drivers lounge to make the employees feel better. Your garage so you can make better parts as you make your parts in-house as you progress it seems.The graphics look fine as I'm running on ultra with an i7 3.5 with a 1060/6gb gtx getting around 100fps.If you're on the fence or even close to being on the fence, JUST BUY THE GAME!I'm an old guy and wouldn't steer you wrong. The only reason I'm writing this review as the game is getting a bad rap. I've cussed Codemaster a few times for having bad driving games as far as physics go. Seems they made a turn around since DR, F-1 2016 and now Dirt 4.gEdit: People are posting settings for the FFB & Vibrations that is changing the steering way to the good. Codemasters screwed up by not having this set better at opening default."
76561198058050474,Recommended,421020,32349721,Posted: 11 June,all,_cakeMAN_666_,"The only real downside in this game would be the handling model if you thought DiRT Rally's handling was the best. If you wanna tokyo drift every corner you should probably refrain from this purchase unless codemasters changes the handling a little. However, I thought that feeling the weight of the car and stuff was cool. Honestly, everything else about the game is great so far."
,Recommended,421020,32362032,Posted: 12 June,all,Mexican Cartel Under The Sea,Despite being praised by drivers with actual experience it gets trashed because it doesn't feel like you are driving on oil 24/7 like Dirt Rally. It's not perfect but doesn't deserve to be trashed for having a more unrealistic handling model than Dirt Rally when that isn't the case.Dont think anyone expected your stage to work aswell as it does but more dramatic elevation changes would be nice.Party games would be nice as it normally keeps the multiplayer alive.
76561198003903507,Recommended,421020,32349786,Posted: 11 June,all,UncommonWater,"As a fan of DiRT since the first DiRT game came out on X360, this game is great. I enjoyed DiRT Rally but not nearly as much as I was hoping I would. I'm not a huge sim racer but I'm also not big on super arcadey racing and this game hits the middle spot. Sad to see so many people fully expecting a DiRT Rally 2 when this is not it, hence the name of the game. Would highly recommend for anyone interested in Rally racing outside of the hardcore sim fans."
,Recommended,421020,32285789,Posted: 9 June,all,Ninad1388,"This is a brilliant game. I have played all games in Dirt series, right from Colin Mcrae Dirt.This game tends to fill the gap that was there in Dirt Rally which was totally simulator and very difficult for average gamer like me who do not have wheels and paddles or patience. I play with Xbox controller for PC.Now you can choose between gamer mode and sim mode.Plus all categories like Landrush, Rallycross makes this game very positive.This game is neither totally arcade style racing like Dirt 3 which is improvement according to me.Also weather effects like fog and rain can make rallying very challenging.I was very surprised to find this game available only for $20. Whereas I got Dirt Rally for like $35. So I think it i must buy.When you have very badly made games like Mafia 3, TCGR (I know different categories) for $70, to find big title from big developer like Codemasters that cheap is surprising.I would like to congratulate and thank Codemasters on a brilliant game.Overall 8/10."
76561198012692223,Recommended,421020,32283901,Posted: 8 June,all,davidcommons,"Ok so only 5hrs in but i can already see the potential. I'm struggling to get the FFB dialed in to replicate DR so far that said here goes.*drasticly improved team management,* slow to stop at end of stage* my stageAll the above make it worth the investment imo.The control menus while confusing and multi layered to the max at least allow for just about every rig config you could imagine.I'm not a fan of trucks and buggies but i cant see any negative in having em.The dirtfish academy caters for all the old dirt style challenge modes so if you dont like em they are not ""in your face"".***special mention as it rately matters but this title has one of the best music soundtracks i've heard in a game for ages..linger in those menus lol***Negatives:at first the pace notes seem a bit random paced but you upgrade your codriver through team dev so that might be it.Graphic optimisation seems poor and visually seems a bit downgraded from DR.Setup saves , i see no way to rename em from ""my setup"" confusing when you have several lol."
,Recommended,421020,32301440,Posted: 9 June,all,Pfisi,I sayd it on Dirt Rally and i say it on Dirt 4 aswell:Colin McRae would be proud Codemasters 10/10Pure Fun !
76561198079263443,Recommended,421020,32388138,Posted: 13 June,all,mcm540,"Heres the reasons why i like dirt 4 more than dirt rally:Finally theres an FOV slider which makes the co-pit view feel better than dirt rally (Went back to dirt rally and the view felt bad).The simulation mode isn't as bad as people make it out to be, I race mainly the newer cars rather than the classics (classics supposedly have problems) and i find the handling to be better than dirt rally, the handling makes the car not slide as probably due to the weight (Note: I am using the computer). I also found it difficult to adjust at start, but when i got use to it I found it better.Crashing is a hell of allot better as they dont reset you straight back onto the track, this enables you to crash in spectaular fashison and have to get back on track in real life (I have crashed allot).5 locations which all feel different, tarmic feels better on spain than germany in dirt rally, wales is amazing to drive with a great mix of forest and openess which looks beautiful, michigan (probably spelt wrong) is the fast track in the game - I do still miss finland from dirt rally as i new that when i took that track i was going to crash majourly (use to end up with radiator damage and engine damage), sweeden is always a ♥♥♥♥♥ to drive (Always struggled on sweeden even in dirt rally).Gamer handling also works great and feels allot more easier than dirt rally handling. I switched to it and it feels easy and is probably perfect for those people who played dirt 3.Your stage is pretty decent, however it starts off and still feels allot more generic than dirt rally (less bumps and jumps). However it doesn't get old for me, as every few days i play this game, I still haven't learnt whats coming up around the corner (everything feels new). This to me is better than dirt rally.Weather is amazing and way better than dirt rally. In dirt rally the rain never really threatened my view of the track. In dirt 4, heavy rain and fog make it incrediably difficult to drive as i cannot fully see the track. This makes it difficult to drive and go fast and i have crashed allot from taking a corner to fast in these conditions. Also i have noticed conditions changing on track (light rain to heavy rain to light rain).Music is the best it's ever been with tracks from different artists. The music in dirt rally was so similar it bored me to death. The music in dirt rally makes it a joy to listen to, especially in the replays and when it's loading into a rally.Replays are great and i never used this feature much in dirt rally. In dirt 4, I am using this to look at how well i did and its even better with the ability to select any music out of the sound track to listen to.Attention to detail is magnificiant. As i person who has only played the codemaster rally games (never played any other), I love this aspect and it makes it feel more realistic than dirt rally. I love the fact that after a crash i sometimes cannot here what type of coner my co-driver calls out (comes up as question mark on screen). I also love the fact that animals can jump infront of your car, helicopters can fly low and drones can get close to your car as you drive. I love the fact that after the finish line you have to drive up to the marshel (this felt weird the first few times, as i forgot you had to do this as I was so use to dirt rally. I also always almost crash past the line sometimes as i want to keep my speed up and dont want to slow down before the line). I also love the fact that the service area more feels very similar to what professional rally drivers use. I also love the fact that you only have a number of tires per stage/stages so you may have to get to the end of the stage with a punched tire (imposible in dirt rally as you would be able to use any amount of tires), also you can now fix the radiator on stage. Finally, I like the fact that parts can break on stage depending on the quality of the parts, you can hear the gear box or brakes not working right and your co driver may mention this.Sound is still amazing as dirt rally. I do enjoy having different co drivers and having the return of nicky grist (Personal favourite - Loved him back in colin mcrea rally 3, especially in split screen as i played the crap out of it).Graphics, I am not that big on the graphics in video games and are more happy to have it run, as i dont have the greatest/powerfullest computer in the world (Geforce GT 740M - Laptop). I do really enjoy the graphics for dirt 4, as they fell allot more colourful than that in dirt rally. The attention to detail might not be there (probably due to your stage), but the color makes it better than the washed out look off dirt rally (wales can also be done in sunny weather). I am running on low settings.The ability to upgrade your facility is amazing (upgrading gives you better stuff) and the hiring of your team is done in a better way compared with dirt rally. I like the fact that if you dont own a car, you have to pay money to pay to enter in with that car (don't worry, you earn allot of money, so it doesn't really effect you too much).Buying cars is also better, as you can buy them first or second hand. The difference between the two is the quality of parts (second hand cars will break down allot more than brand new cars). Also it's cool to have the ablilty to pick the colors of the car and team and stylise it to your choise (Also can pick driver (simialr to f1 where you create your own driver and name him) and team name.Other game modes - Havent really tried them out, as i mainly like rally driving. Rally cross has felt really similar to dirt rally and theres more tracks. Landrush i tried once on simulation - found it difficult but did not have car set up right.Career is also decent, as it is allot more better than dirt rally and feels similar to the previous dirt games.Things I would like codematers to add:- More location in dlcs. Please bring back finland, as this is the one location that i really miss. Also please create a New Zealand location, as the roads around new zealand would be awesome to drive on (great mix of gravel and tarmac).- More bumps/jumps for Your stage. This could be a possibility in a patch or next game.- Handling for older cars needs improving in simulation (codemasters mentioned this themselves in video and other steam users have also reported this). Have not really used these cars (mainly modern cars used)Theres no real negatives that i can think about.Overall, I definately recommend dirt 4 compared to any other codemasters game, as it feels way better and more realistic than the other ones. I recon that it can be fun for those who are new to the series or those who did not enjoy dirt rally and those that are looking for a hardcore experience. I can easily see myself putting in 90+ hours into this game, especially with all the different stuff it has to offer. Also if your new to the series or want to get better I would suggest trying out dirt academy (in game) to give you some lessons and videos to help you get better.Note: Using controller on simulation with no assists on and did try out gamer handling with no assists on. Also spelling in this may not be correct and im not an expert at telling specific changes about the simulation models (what exactly has changed), im mainly basing it off the feeling between the two games, also i have not driven a rally car in real life. I am using the default setup for the races and find this works fine for me.My Computer Specs (For any one that has a non powerful pc like mine):- I7 processor- 8gb ram- Nividea geforce 740m- 64 bit system on windows 10Only ever had the game crash once and that was before the last patch.Previous codemasters rally games i have played:- Colin mcrea rally 3 (3rd equal favourite game)- Dirt 1 (3rd equal favourite game)- Dirt 2- Dirt 3- Dirt Rally (Close second favourite game - 60+ hours in it)- Dirt 4 (New favourite game in the codemasters rally series)"
76561197960969850,Recommended,421020,32466971,Posted: 16 June,all,Agony,"This is NOT Dirt Rally 2... why people dont get that??? This is DIrt 4 and its an amazing for what it is !!!First of all it has the BEST FFB on Rally games until now, better than DIrt Rally,Secondly Particle effects and weather is also better .THere is a Leveling System that most people love, and makes people try more.And Best of all it has MULTI player on SPecial Stage VS your friends ...Physics are not so sim like the DIrt Rally , and it doest have that Barebone Rally Feeling but as i already said... This is not DIrt Rally 2."
,Recommended,421020,32524047,Posted: 17 June,all,QuarterClash,"Even though it may not seem so at first glance, DiRT 4 is perhaps the most ambitious entry in the series.  Overall, it is a pretty great product and shows a clear path forward for the franchise, although there is plenty of room for improvement and it is unlikely that anyone will be totally satisfied by what is on offer here.DiRT 4 attempts to be a product that caters to both the newer sim-friendly fans of DiRT Rally as well as the more arcadey fans that enjoyed the other mainline DiRT games.  It is extremely difficult to cater to two wildly different styles and sets of demands in the same game without massively compromising both experiences.  What DiRT 4 tries to do is akin to putting Call of Duty and ARMA-styles of gameplay in the same game while keeping things fun and engaging for both styles, and keeping that in mind, DIRT 4 turns in a superb result here.The fans of the original DiRT games, who are more accustomed to arcadier handling and a larger variety of event types, may find themselves wanting here sadly.  The main event of DiRT 4 is rally on increasingly tight and technical tracks, with Rallycross and Landrush being the only diversions from it.  Fans of the originals who just liked slipping around in a bunch of different disciplines without worrying all that much about perfection won't have that variety on offer here when compared with previous entries in the series, the rally may be too flavorless and difficult, the absence of rewind may be frustrating, and the handling may still be too unforgiving.The sim-friendly fans get the better deal out of this, in my opinion.  With the simulation handling, we have a largely improved showing over DiRT Rally in my opinion, which was a bit too slippery and had overpowered braking.  While this game currently has a bit too much understeer and collisions aren't punishing enough, it clearly improves over Rally with better tarmac handling, better grip on gravel, more accurate braking, and a better sense of momentum that has meaningful consequences.  Its worth noting that too many reviews on here just stem from the first hour of the campaign, which has you in a vehicle with a ridiculous level of understeer that isn't representative of the rest of the game.  Taking my favorite car from Rally (the '95 Subaru) feels better and more realistic to me in DiRT 4, even if that ""realism"" means sliding less.  Each car and class of cars feel distinct and unique.  The classic Mini is a nice even training car, and the RWD cars will leave you wondering what sadist came up with the idea to do something so nasty to people.The other big innovation is YourStage, which is a random rally track generator.  This is a huge benefit for the game because it makes each track unique and unpredictable, although there is clear room for improvement.  Each of the 5 locations in the game have different sets of ""blocks"" which can be randomly formed together depending on length and complexity sliders.  The game then takes that course and does some variation on the surrounding envornment.  It's a great system, but there are a few drawbacks.  First off, while the results do look quite natural and nice (I've never seen a result that was unnatural or outright broken), there is a step down from DiRT Rally both in terms of visual fidelity and in terms of unique track design.  You won't have anything looking as good or as unique as Greece or Monte Carlo (?) in Rally, however DiRT 4 makes up for that at times by having a large variety of dynamic weather enabled here that can look great and be surprising too.  Second, there is a lack of variety in the ""blocks"" available in each location, meaning that you may have the same turn or area repeat several times in a stage, which can be distracting.  Third, aside from having a competing car crash on the track ahead of you, there is very little that is randomized on these blocks to make them different, such as bumps, slopes, or other alterations that would really beef up the randomization.  The end result of YourStage is that instead of memorizing entire tracks, you are largely memorizing individual turns or sets because they will show up more often than they ideally would.  It's still a great system, but it could've been a lot more with, say, an additional 33% more ""blocks"" per location and a system that added more unique features to those blocks.Graphically, the game looks quite good.  While some of the texture work and foliage is pretty weak (the foliage in particular could really use a higher resolution option on PC), the game can look quite striking when it plays to its strengths, like the lighting and weather effects.  Going around a hairpin and seeing dirt you kicked up 15 seconds ago still be in the air is a great touch.  The sound is fantastic, with plenty of incidental detail when driving and solid voicework.The campaign is solid enough, with the main hooks being the building up and staffing of your team and leveling up.  You sign contracts to get staff and sponsors, and as you level up and can afford more, you can get upgrades and better staff that give various bonuses, including ones that vastly increase the ability to repair effectively during rally events.  You can keep taking sponsored cars which are always provided in exchange for a significant cut of your winnings, or you can buy and race your own cars, which can be purchased new from a dealership or used, which gives a good deal of choice that isn't usually apparent in many racing games.Multiplayer is good but has some issues.  Aside from a lobby-based versus multiplayer where the host has a lot of control, there are two limited-time events: a tiered competitive versus system and a series of various no-restart single-player leaderboard events that payout based on your performance relative to other competitors.  The latter is really fun because there is no way to escape catastrophe aside from quitting (and losing any potential payout) or just pushing through.  The tiered competitive mode is flawed because everyone starts out on the bottom, and only the top half gain any points to advance through the ranks, while the lower half lose points.  Also, while the leaderboards are cross-platform, the multiplayer isn't, which means that there is a pretty fair shortage of players.  There won't be a lot of lobbies open, and the competitve ladder is pretty much DOA from my experience.While it is a pretty solid package overall and it does a great job of merging the wants of the two sets of fans the series has, the end result is a good title that has a fair amount of room for improvement regardless of which side of that divide you fall on.  There's a lot of good work in this package and deserves more love and attention than it seems to be getting currently, even though it's likely that a good chunk of what is on offer won't be to your liking."
,Recommended,421020,32575306,Posted: 19 June,all,Rojtir,Amazing graphics and insane reality. It really was worth every cent of my payment!
76561198392188751,Recommended,421020,33031442,Posted: 30 June,all,Joshuapilot777,Any amazing game!!! although they could add more stuff into the carrer mode
,Recommended,421020,32413504,Posted: 14 June,all,Neh,"Dirt 4 is top notch, more fun multiplayer than dirt rally, and love the team feature in this game"
,Recommended,421020,32303028,Posted: 9 June,all,Zholik,"Very fun and accessible game, and although some aspects are missing from Dirt Rally, this game still stands well on its own feet and it a worthy purchase if you are a fan of rally and racing games in general.My Stage is a welcome addition, as well as dynamic weather during stages to create an sense of uncertainty when you are progressing through a course.Edit: For those complaining about the physics etc etc. You should probably try to get past the first car in the game."
,Recommended,421020,32557032,Posted: 18 June,all,RC,best DIRT game to date
76561198019029873,Recommended,421020,32352431,Posted: 11 June,all,stavsetra,The game could be better. I hope that a patch comes ut very soon.The gameplay is good but it's freezing and crashes almost all the time. It's super annoying :(But overall a good game :)
76561198077594501,Recommended,421020,32296501,Posted: 9 June,all,Brass Lion,Good marriage between DiRT 3 and DiRT Rally
,Recommended,421020,35377342,Posted: 1 October,all,nicolò,"Rallycross is improved, i love it. But rally IMHO feels better with DiRT Rally."
,Recommended,421020,32303075,Posted: 9 June,all,twitch.tv/mightyghozt,Good rally game :)
76561198393216207,Not Recommended,421020,34887772,Posted: 11 September,all,tiaan,"I've played the original Dirt, Dirt Rally, and now Dirt 4.  Although Dirt 4 has all the right elements to be a great game, The game has some flaws.  I just cant get into the physics.  The handling of the vehicles on different surfaces are just awkward. I did not feel this frustrated with the other version of Dirt.... I'm playing with a Logitech G29 wheel, and still with many tweaks to the input & FFB, I con quite get it to where I am enjoying it.  Also as others hafe said... the tracks seem like sections were cut and pasted, almost to where I get dejavu on every track....   I thought it was just me...The game is by no means a disaster, or unplayable... but...  I must say, Im looking around for something else.."
,Recommended,421020,34845841,Posted: 9 September,all,Lemoonhed,"Not really sure why there are so many negative reviews towards this game. I own both DiRT Rally and Dirt 4 and love  them both. There are many things about DiRT Rally that could be better that were improved on in DiRT 4 but DiRT 4 is obviously not perfect. Yes there could be more locations, and the physics do feel a bit different than DiRT Rally. It is almost impossible to judge what feels realistic unless you've actually driven one of these race cars IRL. They had actual rally drivers play the game to help make the gameplay as authentic as possible. It also depends on what peripherals and settings you are using that can drastically change the gameplay, for better or worse, depening on your knowledge and skill. The game is not perfect but it is a step forward to creating the perfect racing simulation game. I have confidence in codemasters to keep improving on what they got right and whay they didn't.Positives:+ Gameplay/Physics+ Character development+ Driving tutorials and Challenges+ Team Creation & Customization+ Free roam course+ Stage customization+ Branding Suite (car and sponsor design and settings)+ Huge selection of modern and historic rally cars+ Gorgeous graphics+ Informational videos (how WRC, WRX, Landrush works)Negatives & Suggestions:+ Free roam course gets boring, would like to see more courses or customizable ones in the future+ Hard to find multiplayer games+ Driving physics could be improved to feel even more realistic (even in simulation mode)+ More locations to race+ More car customization"
,Recommended,421020,34693521,Posted: 2 September,all,Honey Badger,"I've currently put in 176 hours in DiRT Rally and about 18 hours into DiRT 4. I prefer to play DiRT Rally for stages and DiRT 4 for RX. I'd be more up for DiRT 4 if it didn't have such weird physics for snap oversteer and bad tail happy braking. The cars do have a better weight feeling compared to DiRT Rally (which at times feels like your driving in a tin can of a car with wings). The weird physics I mentioned were just too much of a turn off for me. My stage is alright, but they need to make more ""tiles"" because after a while you start seeing the same corners over and over again. The RX section of DiRT4 is excellent though IMO. Waaay better than DiRT Rally RX. Also DR's graphics are a bit better than D4's.TL;DR DiRT 4 for Rally cross. DiRT Rally for stage runs."
,Recommended,421020,34718637,Posted: 3 September,all,Krownz,pretty sweet sim game! ive never played dirt rally but this one is pretty good. im a controller player and cant really say much for the steering wheel players but its not bad. patience is key in this game. No hammer down flat to the floor driving.
,Not Recommended,421020,32303059,Posted: 9 June,all,randomcallsign,"I have many hours on Dirt Rally. That game was an unexpected gem at reasonable price.For Dirt4, the devs promised improvements and more content. In fact there isn't. 5 rally stages versus 7 of Dirt Rally. The simulation physics aren't.FFB is non-existant and much worse than on DR.Minor improvments on suspension. Tarmac rally seems to be better, though the FFB kills it.Long story short, if you are looking at this game thinking it is an improvment over Dirt Rally, it really isn't.I have asked for a refund.My impressionshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjfrnAzo0QEhttps://youtu.be/p7Zn4xb46dc﻿"
76561198055728468,Recommended,421020,32522673,Posted: 17 June,all,flobayern87,"After having some time with Dirt 4, I think it's time to write a review. The rally aspect of Dirt 4 feels  better then ever.Stages are always new. Forcing you to always drive by the seat of their pants. That alone for me gives this game five stars. Asphalt pysics have been reworked for the better. Inturn enhancing Rallycross. Rallycross is fully licensed, that's a plus.Unlocking cars are easier to do then in Dirt Rally. Pike's Pike is gone so that's a bummer for Hillclimb fans.Land Rush events just add to it for the better. For a rally fan , or a driving sim fan, this is a must have."
76561198025543180,Recommended,421020,32301925,Posted: 9 June,all,Swades,"THIS IS NOT DIRT RALLY 2.As someone who put in countless hours into DiRT 2 and was dissapointed in DiRT 3, this is a nice step in bringing back the series to its former glory. The career mode has been greatly improved with tons of added features and customization ranging from managing your team staff, sponsers, and facility. Yes, the racing is more on the arcade side, but if all you want is some good, fun, gritty racing that doesn't punish you for the littlest mistakes to the point of frustration, then definitely pick this game up."
,Recommended,421020,32733087,Posted: 24 June,all,turbodevin,Amazing game setting the bar high for the genre.
,Recommended,421020,32283697,Posted: 8 June,all,Aretaic,"So far my time with Dirt 4 has been fantastic.  I went into this release after a good experience with Dirt Rally, and had high hopes for a continuation of main-series feature-rich content with higher quality driving models.  I love racing games, both arcade and simulation - and I play primarily with an analog controller.  Too many recent releases have missed the mark insofar as what I look for.  Dirt 4 has got everything pegged for me, and I'm really excited to spend more time with it.First up, the difficulty is there, but the adjustments you have available are effective and are genuinely there to help you get the most out of the experience.  No, it's not Dirt Rally tough, but it's definitely very widely accesible and acceptable to all but simulation purists.  I started out against the tough AI, and found myself really investing in stages, being very critical of my own performance.  While I had a few good runs, ultimately the stress led me to bumping the AI down a notch to bolster my own confidence while at the same time relaxing a lot more with the game.  Setting the co-driver callouts 3 clicks earlier also helped me immensely, leading to a lot less surprises and from-nowhere ledge drops.The driving model is great, and so far I've been loving FWD and 4WD with all assists turned off.  The turns are really enjoyable to navigate at speed, and traction in different conditions is noticably different.  The feeling of really digging into an uphill hairpin with a torquey '95 Subaru is very gratifying (killer sound design by the way).  High speed straights are less punishing than Dirt Rally, though it's still possible to get flipped up into the air by a ditch or a ledge, it feels true-to-life (as in: you surely wouldn't want to do that anyway - drive more carefully!).  Wales has been pretty generous, and Australia fairly punishing, but getting used to their tendancies has improved my times considerably.  Feathering the accelerator and brakes are still key, just as in Dirt Rally, and pegging the throttle will put you sliding upside-down pretty fast, but nailing the finesse has been very rewarding.There's a great selection of cars - I love the option to buy used (this was one of my favorite things about older Turismo games).  Early 80s and 90s cars are my favorites, and there's a strong presence here.  There are loads of car classes with a huge selection of current models as well.  Tuning and repairs are well fleshed-out as well.  Mid-race repairs are a nice last-ditch option, and I like being to choose not to carry a spare, or for service area repairs - making a quick fix as opposed to a higher time penalty fix.  I work in the automotive refinishing industry so these details are really cool on a personal level.  Team management is extremely cool in this release, it's easy to get invested when you have your own livery, your own sponsors and contracts, and staff to manage.Visually the game is stunning.  As soon as I dropped into the early Michigan courses I checked the settings and was pretty pleased with what was happening with my GTX 960 card.  After seeing the different regions, I did bump things down to get more into just driving as opposed to sightseeing, but it still looks great.  The career mode is easy to navigate - gone are the unskippable voiceover animation segments of Dirt 3 that irritated me to no end.  I haven't been required to do any Gymkhana events either, which were a little bit too outside of my tastes and seemed like a bog in the action with Dirt 3 (though they're still in there - in a discrete standalone mode).  I like the incentives to complete sponsor challenges during championships, and the little ticker tape of notable race proceedings between stages is a nice flavor add.  The ability to generate a stage and build your own championship is extremely cool as well.  It even functions as a source of income for the career mode, if you're running out of interesting races or just want to do a specific type of driving for a while.  I've noticed some repetition in the courses I've gotten, but usually only on extemely long tracks.  There's a great amount of control over time of day and weather conditions - so you can get your practice in with that intensely dense fog.The only rough patch I've come across so far is a few client crashes, right in the middle of championships.  I can relaunch the game but there's always some lost progress - it's a downer, but it's also near the initial release, there's no doubt that stability will improve with updates, given time.All in all, I'm really glad to have what I feel is a definitive rally game.  It's got a great blend of fun and accuracy.  The presentation and features are rich and well curated, with no extraneous fluff.  If you want a good blend of arcade and simulation, and/or wanted more features and greater accesibility from Dirt Rally, Dirt 4 is probably going to get you there.  Thanks Codemasters!"
76561198091461085,Not Recommended,421020,34747593,Posted: 4 September,all,BeastMode413,"There were aspects to the game that I liked, but stacking it up against other racing games (espically in this series) this one falls flat for me."
,Not Recommended,421020,34769842,Posted: 5 September,all,mattcorbyny,"I have been a huge fan of the Dirt 2 and 3, and Dirt Rally still just blows my mind.  Dirt 4, I have tried for a few hours to get into it, but I just can't.  It's lifeless.  The randomly generated tracks ruin it.  I'm not sure who would think that a randomly generated track could be as fun as a track made by an intelligent and creative game designer.  Also, the graphics aren't even as good as Dirt Rally.  How did they mess this up so bad???  All they had to do was take Dirt Rally, and give us a few new cars and tracks, and it would have been another masterpeice."
,Not Recommended,421020,32293594,Posted: 9 June,all,BigBragg,"I had hoped to see improvement and development in the series. I was unfortunately let down. In general the game is lackluster when compared it's playstyle and visuals to a game a year and a half it's predecessor.Sadly, I decided that a refund was the way to go."
76561198132247020,Not Recommended,421020,32294754,Posted: 9 June,all,Davy Nae Nails,"Its simple if you love DiRT rally or RBR rally and a true sim racer (like me over 350+hrs ) keep playing dirt rally, as you will not find anything that comes close. I was not too bothered about this release as i kind of expected it to be arcade-e-ish. Well i gave it a shot and i must admit i am even more dissapointed than i thought i would ever be ohh my lord...Its almost as bad as WRC 5 the physics feel a mile off their is almost no feeling on the track the gameplay feels almost like forza horizon and my force feedback does not feel as if its all there, after this review i will be going back to DiRt rally and staying, I really dont understand why codemasters wanted to release yet another arcade game into the market when their is such a shortage of actuall Rally sims that focus on pure Rallying off road none of this 25% hillclimb 25% autocross crap!"
,Recommended,421020,32310636,Posted: 10 June,all,Foxtra,"A major thing you need to consider coming into this game is that it's not DiRT Rally 2, but rather the 4th installment in the DiRT Series.The original DiRT games focused on a more arcade feel with fun game modes and easier less simulator handling, whereas DiRT Rally is a simulator. This is a distinction you should make if you're coming into this game from a D:Rally player because your expectations should be shifted.To summarize, DiRT 4 is a very polished, well made, and fantastic installment into the DiRT Series. It takes everything you loved about DiRT 3 (Arcade feel, fun and creative tracks, great handling) and adds everything the game was lacking (An improved user interface, the option to play in a new 'simulator mode' and overall improved graphics).In my opinion, this game is fantastic. It has its flaws, but overall this game is close to a perfect sequel. It takes everything you love about DiRT 3 and makes it better. Improved User Interface, more cars, team modes, fantastic and creative career mode, car and team customization, and more. The multiplayer is leaps and bounds above DiRT 3's offering a competitive mode and a multiplayer mode separately. It's procedurally generated maps offers endless possibilities and adds fairness to the multiplayer scene.I've seen many reviews mentioning how it's nothing like Dirt Rally but you need to remember this is in a different line of games from Rally. The simulator mode is more than adequate for DiRT 4 offering a more immersive and complex racing experience. For DiRT 3 players this game is a must have if you enjoy the arcade experience with harsher maps and locations.In addition, this game has so many little hints and small barely noticeable features that make you realize just how great of developers DiRT 4 has. They have outdone themselves and blew my expectations completely. I would recommend this game to people looking for a FUN racing game, although for people who come from DiRT Rally, I would not recommend this game because its lack of simulation.Rating: 9/10"
76561198338282965,Recommended,421020,32330044,Posted: 10 June,all,A_COTTIS_A,Great in simulator mode. Lots of content and brilliant online features.
76561198059320872,Not Recommended,421020,32315543,Posted: 10 June,all,Topper Harley,"I've bought the game after some hesitation because I read Porhammer's review and I thought I'll give it a try. Now I am demanding refund.Just so you know what to take from this review. I play rally games since early 2000's on both wheel and Xbox controller and I love DR and don't really like Dirt3. So you may be asking what did I expect from the Dirt4, right? Well, you may recall this statement:""If you loved the challenge of DiRT Rally, then you can switch to the Sim Handling mode and have an experience that is even closer to the real deal than we managed to achieve with DiRT Rally"".-Codemasters Chief Designer Paul Coleman-That made me look forward the D4 launchdate like a small child. I like the RPG format of D3 and I missed in Dirt Rally. I thought why not? I may be the best rally game ever, with the ability to switcxh between punishig handling model of DR and simplistic ad frankly terrible driving model of D3.Weeell, It didn't happen. So let's see what i like and what i don't like but remember I may be a bit pedantic so don't take me 100% serious.I like:-The RPG elements of the game are just amazing. I love the Service Area, the on-stage events, starting order etc. I love It.That's what I missed in DR. That's what i coveted more than my next breath.-The selection of cars is tremendous.It ranges from 60s to 2010s and thats more than I can wish for.-Nicky Grist returns. Do I need to say more?-Dirt academy. I love the free roam area. Another thing I missed in DR.-Your Stage. I am a bit crossed on this one because since I heard that YS is a thing I thought: ""Damn it, another procedural generated fiasco"". I mean Procedural generation is amazing but no-one can ever thing that you will get such a detail you got from DR stages (Which is one of the main things why DR is a legend). The thing with rally sport is that the stages are not just plain and simple pieces of tarmac/gravel/snow placed in a field. Special Stages are designet to be the twistiest or quickest and most interesting roads in the region. With rocks scattered around them, weird crests, broken pieces of tarmac etc. Your stage is just like building Lego railroad. You've got your bits and pieces, some straights, few types of corners and may have hundrets of those and Yes, you can create almost indefinite amount of variations but they are all gonna be the same and all gona suck after two drives. It is really that bad. Just after two stages I've been through the same corner like three times.I don't like:-Sound. I've read in the reviews that the sounds are better. Better than what? Beeing stabbed and hearing your blood slowly dripping on the floor? Well, maybe. But it's not better than the DR it's just not.-Handling. I mean what the hell? You can read about that in other reviews I don't feel i would write anything new. Maybe just that it is so bad that combined with the other things It just drives me off the game.-Your Stage, I like Your stage but there should be some more detailed not generated stages. Maybe even the same like in DR.To sum up. Don't buy it if you actually care about driving. Buy it if you just want to fool around in rally cars or if you are more interested in the RPG than the driving pleasure. It seems we can have both. Enjoy"
76561198042684251,Not Recommended,421020,34165618,Posted: 11 August,all,Stinkypillow,"Dirt 4 is okay, but in my honest opinion it should NOT be called ""Dirt 4"". I find the title 100% unfitting and should have been called Dirt Rally 2. Now, I loved Dirt 2, Dirt 3 and even Rally, but part 2 and 3 are complete arcade racers, with arcade phsyics, over the top announcers, great menus, great unlocking system and overall and super fun high adrenaline arcade game.......however Dirt Rally, while also good.....is more serious. Rally is more for the sim racer fan, no fancy menus, no vocals blaring in your face, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign but you know what they nailed, was GOOD phsyics if you're into sim racing..Having said all this, Dirt 4 should NOT be called dirt 4 and is shared ZERO resemblance to Dirt 2 or Dirt 3 and should have been called Dirt Rally 2 because it is more along those lines.....I was really hyped for some more over the top action and was very let down to a sequel to Dirt Rally which is actually slightly worse than Dirt Rally. I hope codemasters continues the arcade racer series and ALSO continues a seperate series for the sim fans being rally."
76561198004986288,Not Recommended,421020,35270561,Posted: 28 September,all,datastreamdude,"If you love Dirt rally,your'll hate Dirt 4.handling with a steering wheel is very bad."
76561198343082730,Recommended,421020,33880592,Posted: 29 July,all,Doctor (LT),"Game looks good. Full of features, most incredible that you can generate your own tracks. Non stop fun. Jus for keyboard drivers it will be a challenge to master the handlings."
,Not Recommended,421020,34692134,Posted: 2 September,all,TWITCH.TV/LUKEUK7,wow waited years for a new dirt game.... is this even dirt? gameplay is really bad.... rallycross is a joke and that is not just the joker lap im on about... dirt 3 10 years old and still better than dirt 4.... would not buy
76561198017185045,Not Recommended,421020,32295187,Posted: 9 June,all,Niconator,"I felt so confident thatDirt 4will be likeDirt Rally, just better.Codemasters gained a lot of trust with their ""Dirt-Rally-Early-Access-Harcore-Rally-Back-To-The-Roots-Simulation"" that I boughtDirt 4without checking news sites or watching any trailers.I didn't even think about the possibility, that maybe this game doesn't support any kind of VR.Well, after a while sitting here with my Oculus strapped around my head, checking drivers and wires, rebooting my PC to find the error, I looked on the internet.No VR support.Huge disappointment.So I gave it a try (on my f*&%ing monitor) to see if the physics have been improved.No, they haven't been. They degraded.I'm not saying it's an arcade game but it's definitely less challenging thanDirt Rally.I'm deeply disappointed.On the other hand... the title says it.It's Dirt 4... not Dirt Rally 2"
,Not Recommended,421020,35052990,Posted: 18 September,all,GrandTouring3,"When I found the announcement for this game, I was pretty hyped, to say the least. I preordered it, expecting the game to be better than Dirt Rally in almost every way. Instead, at least in my eyes, I got a thoroughly disappointing game.I know a lot of people have seen the comparison to Rally, but I can't resist it. The rally physics are awful. Simulation mode didn't really feel all that different from gamer mode. I use the handbrake, but for some reason these cars still automatically correct themselves. The stages are also extremely repetitive, with slight variations in some sections, but ultimately the same thing.If you like this game, more power to you. You've obviously found some things that make it great. However, for me, it's just disappointing."
,Recommended,421020,32297167,Posted: 9 June,all,da_doomer,"If you want a rally racing simulator this is the one to get. There is variety and quality, multiple disciplines and sets a nice ""real rally"" mood. There is non-simulator/simulator driving modes, so even if you just want a fun time you can try it.On the simulator side, physics feel fun and perfectly tuned. I don't know how accurate to life this is, but it's seriously fun and feels challenging and rewarding.Cars feel more intuitive than in Dirt Rally. Graphics are nice. There is a driving school. Career mode is more immersive than in Dirt Rally.Your stage will make you feel the adrenaline of trusting your co-driver.Don't take the ""is easier than Dirt Rally"" critics too seriously, most of us have never driven a rally car in a competitive context so ""harder is more realistic"" can be said with care. So if you have spent 300+ hours on Rally it  would be natural to adjust your tactics to accomodate Dirt 4.Wherever you come from, if you like cars or rally I believe you wont be dissapointed."
76561197983762596,Not Recommended,421020,34542392,Posted: 27 August,all,Monzo,"Thoroughly disappointed by this game. There are only two preset difficulty settings; boringly easy, and impossibly difficult for players with keyboard or controllers. If you fall somewhere in between, you are left with a ton of settings to tweak around until you find a playable setting.But still, there is not a hint of a sense of progression, I re-tried the very first track with settings I found good toward the end of the game, and was surprised to be unable to make it to the top 3, despite the best of my abilities.So basically the game forces you to turn up or down the game's difficulty settings as you go, completely destroying a sense of accomplishment in the process, because it simply doesn't bother figuring out difficulty on it's own.Add on top the fact that all racetracks are proc-gen out of a limited number of tiles. It means that there is never and never will be a fun wow moment. Everything is bland and cookie cutter.TL;DR: Don't bother playing this unless you are hard-core with a legit driving game setup, this game simply doesn't care about making itself entertaining."
76561197994959562,Not Recommended,421020,32511637,Posted: 17 June,all,IIIsandroIII,"The lack of content in rally and rallycross is shocking, and not worth the asking price of a full game."
,Recommended,421020,32662267,Posted: 22 June,all,Chaos6505*Qc,"I very enjoy rally in this game, it is tough to love has much has dirt rally...Pro-sound is wow-more car then dirt rally-the limite between too hard has dirt rally and too easy dirt 3Cons-not so good graphique-not much country, they look all same, no big cliff like greece in dirt rally. I hope they will add double map like they did in dirt rally.-Overprice expensive 66$ vs dirt rally i paid 35$ when it come out...Enjoy :D"
76561198035731980,Recommended,421020,32669274,Posted: 23 June,all,FourBranches,"It's crazy to me that this game has an overall ""mixed"" rating here. DiRT 4 is a superb rallying game, maybe one of the best games in the DiRT franchise.I suppose if you were looking for another hyper-simulation rally experience, then maybe a theoretical DiRT Rally 2 would be better suited but, AS A NUMBERED DIRT GAME, this feels right in line with its predecessors. FWIW, my whole time spent with the game thus far has been in the ""gamer"" handling mode, with AI set to ""tough"" and most all of the assists turned off. For me, these settings felt satisfying but challenging (but not brutally so).There are minor flaws, sure, but they don't overshadow the experience. They don't utilize their actually-great licensed soundtrack very well at all, so you end up hearing the same two songs over and over in the menus while the rest of the soundtrack is relegated pre-race ambiance. Also, Nicky Grist as a co-driver can be annoying sometimes, simply because he tends to deliver your pace notes a little slower than he should. It isn't usually a problem but every once and a while, when driving a faster car, corners can come up surprisingly quick.Modes, stages, and cars are plentiful. It runs well on my PC. You can name your fake racing brand something dumb like ""The Dildozers"" or ""Funny Muffler"". BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,421020,33262864,Posted: 4 July,all,1iNcHeR,Game is really worth buying. I mean.. All you do is race. Maybe wait till 25% off or more till you buy it.. Game really is fun. Can't wait till the new Gran Turismo game. Cause this has me ready for it.
,Recommended,421020,32282852,Posted: 8 June,all,ELDAD_ISRAEL,"I'm a big fan of dirt but I Can't recommend this game right now.The graphics is terrible and so is the optimization, The rallycross events is unplayable unless i Lower the settings to medium (compare to ultra on rally)... My pc is on the Recommended.Also i play on simulation handling and it's not even close to dirt rally, more easier and less fun.I'm a big disappointed.EDIT:After 9 hours i can say that the game is not that bad like i thought in the beginning but still it's nowhere near my expectation... All feels much easier and forgiving even on simulator mode and high difficulty level.They done a very good job on the damage model and the AI is great.I kinda enjoy the game now.. and it's even runs much smoother... just don't expect something like dirt rally... It's feels like an upgrade version of dirt 3."
76561198018861309,Recommended,421020,33113724,Posted: 1 July,all,cylonmaster,"Great game,played 3 hours on gamer mode so far,best fun I have had since need  for speed shift.Enjoy fast racing with out spin outs and crashes for no reasons.Have not tried sim mode yet, having too much fun at the moment.Graphics are very good so  is sound.If you are after a FUN game then this is it,worth the money"
,Recommended,421020,32740167,Posted: 24 June,all,kebosangar,"So, this review is a warning for people who started playing Dirt on Dirt 3;This is not Dirt 3!The game has more simulation features and handling just like the first 2 games. So, gone are the arcadey “hero” driving and what you get is a somewhat simulation type racing with minor arcade driving support. Gone are the rewind feature, if you want to drive well there’s a restart feature that is limited by 10 times for every stage.What you do get is a great rally game with some nice alternative vehicles thrown in. You can also drive by working for another team or start your own (which is a really really nice feature).I really hoped that put back Trailblazer because really loved that from Dirt 3."
,Recommended,421020,33358959,Posted: 7 July,all,ArcTheWolf,"This takes everything that made Dirt Rally great and vastly expands upon that. Starting with visuals now I can't crank it past medium and get a smooth experience but even on medium across the board this is a visually stunning game so even if you aren't running the latest and greatest spec wise you can still really enjoy the visuals this game has to offer. In terms of imersion my mind is just simply blown, each game in the Dirt franchise had improved on immersion for some time now but this is for sure the most immersive rally racing experience out there. I'll start with a small touch that really was big for me despite how simple it was, when you finish a race instead of going straight into the results screen like most racing games you actually have to slow down your car and stop at the ending zone by the marshal which is a really small yet amazing touch for added immersion this is expanded on even more if you run in the cockpit view it just feels realistic. Sounds are amazing, so during a stage I had some brake damage that I didn't know about, but since I only went with fixing what was visually damaged rather than inspecting during a repair area I didn't know the brake was damaged so I went into the next stage with a brake that was not going to last. Ultimately the brake started to stick and made this terrible grinding sound, as horrible as it sounded it was great, but the real beauty was when the brake pad was finally just ground to the point it no longer worked or made contact and the horrible stound stopped as well. That is an attention to detail that I just love and I feel can really make a good game and help push it into what makes it a great game.One of the things I felt was really lacking in Dirt Rally was the crew, at the end of the day they were nothing more than something you spent money on and picked the ones with the specific perks you wanted, when their contract was running out you renewed it. In Dirt 4 however your crew is an extension of you and your brand, they aren't just something you throw money into them and your wins/losses will affect their performance. So when you win races their moral goes up and in turn they get positive modifiers that make them perform better. The same applies to if you go on a losing streak they will start to get negative modifiers, on top of that you get to choose how much they get paid, while I haven't looked much into this yet I assume the more you cut them in for the more losses they can handle before they start to be negatively affected. Adjusting to a female navigator was different, I had grown so accustomed to a male navigator. But the wonderful thing about the navigator they are a part of your crew, they have a name and all that good stuff that is put right on the car with yours, you really get that feeling of your navigator is your partner, without them you are at a loss. Jen (navigator's name) will quickly rub off on you and feel like a long time friend and she has emotion in her voice and directions, it's not just another bland emotionless navigator, it is a very refreshing change to the franchise.Overall Dirt 4 is an amazing experience from what I've seen so far if you liked Dirt Rally and you want to take your immersion to the next level then Dirt 4 is for you."
,Recommended,421020,32458495,Posted: 15 June,all,Nightfallcall ツ,yes
76561197961900419,Recommended,421020,33081883,Posted: 1 July,all,Tarz,Great game. Has a different handling model to Dirt Rallly but you can tweak the way the handling model works to suit your level of challenge eg casual or hardcore. The difference between Rally and Dirt 4 here is in the variety of vehicles and races. The graphics are very nice and if you liked every other Dirt game then you will enjoy this one. I have this and Dirt Rally and prefer Dirt 4 simply because it requires less concentration and provides for me a more fun experience and more variety. The sound is great the cars look great and the locations are excellent. Love the Dirt academy where you can muck around with different cars and get your drift on :)
76561198030420764,Recommended,421020,32310281,Posted: 9 June,all,PentaGraphene,"Coming from playing Dirt Rally, the game is equally challenging, but more diverse and fun.Most of the bad reviews come from people that dosen't have experince on racing simulators and don't have intentions of improve their driving.They got used to play Forza Horaizon or Dirt 3 that was an arcady sim with a lot of fan service. Then, the graphics are an improved version and more detailed of dirt rally. Probably their bad reviews abuot them are due to a poor graphic set up.Finally, I recomend this game if you are comitted to acept the challenge of building skills that will make you have a good time, and even better they will translate to other racing and non racing games."
,Recommended,421020,32319512,Posted: 10 June,all,Cosmic,Doesn't even compare to the clearly superiorPutt-Putt
76561198252335002,Recommended,421020,32697550,Posted: 23 June,all,krisztian.koszoru,"I've only played the simulation mode (95% difficulty) for 30+ hours.This game is somewhere between DiRT Rally and DiRT 3 - I prefer hardcore simulation, and not fully satisfied with the game... but it's a must, if you love rally:)Pros:+ Improved tarmac physics+ Heavier cars+ Less engine brake+ Your stage (random stage generator)+ Rally stage multiplayer+ My team (Staff, branding, facilities)+ Dynamic weather+ Nicky Grist as a Co-DriverCons:- Average graphics, textures- Bad optimization (performance problems even on high-end PC's)- Too much grip- More understeer, less oversteer- Artifitial-feel of road camber- Too easy to handbrake turn- Only 5 countriesI'd be very happy if a simulation and graphic upgrade patch/mod would come out:) Until that it's a good game to survive until DiRT Rally 2:)"
,Recommended,421020,32284118,Posted: 8 June,all,자수정,"So, I feel like this should be obvious. But it's worth noting:This isn't Dirt Rally 2.Even though I started the game immediately in sim mode with all the assists off, It felt very strange coming directly from Rally. It didn't take too long to pick up the nuances of the relationship between traction and weight transfer, but I noticed immediately that the cars are VERY twitchy, which can become an issue if you're expecting to set up for a flick, and end up in someone's yard. That element alone is a tough thing to 'feel' for and seems to be inconsistent. Speaking of feeling: the force feedback was very fun and really helped feel connected to the surface.As far as the difficulty of stages, this procedural approach to stage creation is really exciting and keeps me on my toes. This was very refreshing since I had just started to learn every turn, surface change, and pointy rock of death present in DiRT Rally. I found myself sweating on a few segments that had a pucker factor I haven't felt since my first rallies in DiRT Rally. Only gripe here is that a Poways 'hairpin' has a circumference that you could fit a football field in. Not very hair... pinny.The cockpit view feels very strange, as if the native position is 5-6"" too high (at its lowest setting). I DID get used to it because I had to, but it's still an odd placement that doesn't really support people like myself who prefer a lower seat position.It's very clear that they applied a good bit of what was learned in DiRT Rally to DiRT 4, coming from DiRT 3 (yikes).Graphics are... Eh. The dynamic range and depth seen in DiRT Rally is completely absent. Everything feels very washed out, and the textures extremely muddy (no pun intended). I had to double check to make sure I was on Ultra settings...I'm still amped as hell to be playing this, though, despite my complaints. I'm just keeping my eyes peeled on the appropriate forums for mods. I think with some solid tweaks, this could be a daily go-to long after the career is maxed out."
,Recommended,421020,32924314,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ Timteo,amazing game if you are interested in cars and rally . i love it but you should probably buy a controller or wheel for this game
76561198001399199,Recommended,421020,32289442,Posted: 9 June,all,Zeus33rd,"EARLY first impressions on Dirt 4. 325 hours on Dirt Rally. I was an early access supporter there as well. I race with a cheap t150 wheel. I have a 4790k and 1080ti. Dirt 4 is GOOD, no doubt. But even the 'sim' handleing mode is not even remotely close to Dirt Rally. Power slides and drifts are waaaaay funky and wierd. If I were to drive dirt rally like i can drive Dirt 4....I'd never make it past the 1st turn in Dirt Rally. If you compare Dirt 4 to DR...you will be dissapointed. If you like to turn all assists off and race with a wheel, this isnt the same experience as DR, even in sim mode. Not even close. Dirt 4 is waaaay easier as it is currently. If you look at it seperate from DR....solid game- so far. Lets hope some force feedback/physics patches fix things going forward."
76561198016656337,Not Recommended,421020,32641971,Posted: 22 June,all,Interceptor,"I had this game and I was seriously disappointed but I don't hate it :). I do understand why this game has not been recommended by many people but I also do understand why most of the reviews are actually positive.The game itself contains much more variety (Talking about Disciplines) than its predecessor and major improvements have also been done (Better career mode, weight transfer). There is also a new feature which allows you to have unlimited different stages but I'll come back to that later. The team management has also been improved which I did really like.The main problem is that Codemasters focused too much on making a game for arcade gamers. The simulation is absolutely ridiculous, if you consider, that Codemasters made this mode especially for people who liked the challenge in DiRT Rally. Even though they made progress concerning the Weight transfer, every single car feels like a FWD. You have so much understeer in a RWD, that you can't even loose your back end when applying full power with the wheel turned in!Also the so highly praised ""Your Stage Generator"" is generating boring stages with the same corners. The fun lasts perhaps 10 Stages but then it gets dull. Another important part are the graphics. Even though there have been improvements, like the rain on track and rain effects (which are beautiful!) on windshield, there is a major downgrade with the landscape, bushes and colors. The locations don't feel real because of that.Last point but it isn't really Codemaster's fault, is the lack of cars and locations. I know the licencing problem but that is not an excuse for not giving us enough content.I recommand this game to every person who's looking for a fun game with no real interest of simulation. But for those people who liked DiRT Rally, I cannot recommend this game at this current stage especially now that they released a patch without fixing the basics of physics. I do hope that they will listen to the community."
,Not Recommended,421020,32283971,Posted: 8 June,all,abijad,"Terrible handling. Force feedback is ridiculously light as if the car is running on ice. Cannot feel the front wheels at all. What really annoys me is the co-driver. How did Codemaster managed to find a high school teacher do the voice? I just don't think that anyone sitting in a vehicle that goes like hell in the woods can read the pace notes so calmly.I think some of the comments are quite to the point: this is DiRT 4, not DiRT Rally 2, so don't expect any serious rally experience in this game. Roaming freely is not bad.Tested Lancia Delta S4 and Audi Sports Quattro S1 E2.简单点说，这货的物理问题非常严重，严重到很难原地画圈的地步。报路书的那个傻逼娘们能换掉吗？声音难听就算了还毫无紧张感。我对尘埃爱得深沉，写完评价之后退款又买了一份。然后回来继续写差评。Fix the bloody physics, CodeMasturbate! The back end of whatever car grips ridiculously."
76561198089328284,Recommended,421020,32319076,Posted: 10 June,all,The11Doctor,"Best rally game I've ever played.Like, ever.The handling of the cars just feels nice and satisfying, you can really feel the weight of the cars, the way they turn and how the tyres stick to the ground.Also the Career Mode seems really nice, I like the used cars dealer and the team customization.DiRT Academy is also a nice touch, driving the cars freely is kind of relaxing.I love it so far."
76561198178095631,Recommended,421020,32558500,Posted: 18 June,all,boggie1,"This is a fun game.  I pre-purchased it based on owning Dirt Rally.  It's not quite perfect yet, but I hope Codemasters will make improvements with future updates.  My review is based on playing in simulation mode with no aids.  It's the only way to play a rally game.  So on to the pros, cons, and suggestions for updates, as I see them:Pros- Good graphics.  Noticeable step up from Dirt Rally.- Weight of the cars is much improved.- Snow rally stage physics are the biggest improvement for surfaces.  Can't just fly through the rally which feels about right.- Online competitions are a lot of fun, and multiplayer mode is setup very well by advancing through tiers.- More great historic rally cars are available.- Team management is done in a fun way.- FFB is much improved from DR.- Auto generating stages is a good idea for a rally game.- Puddles on roads can affect driving as expected...very nice touch there!  Overall weather changes and surfaces are done well.- Small distractions that happen along the stage (i.e. fallen boulders, wildlife, helicopters, etc.)Cons- As many people have mentioned, the different surfaces overall have a bit too much grip.  Driving on asphalt is most disappointing as a result.- Lack of replay camera controls.- Auto generated stages do not have enough differentiation yet, making them lack interest and character.- Asphalt is mostly a consistent two lane road with smooth concrete which makes it very predictable and monotonous.- No stages with changing surface types.- Timing of co-driver can be off when transitioning from fast straights to slow corners.- No support for analog handbrake.- Tuning is too dumbed down for simulation.Suggestions for updates:- Obviously, everything in the cons list needs some tweaking.- DR asphalt stages were so so much better than D4.  This desperately needs to improve by narrowing more sections to single lanes, adding a layer of road hierarchy for interest, adding poor road surfaces, potholes, bumps, and mixing surfaces where possible, even for short sections.  But overall, the grip really needs to come down.  I'm flying through these stages to the point my hands and eyes are hurting.  The co-driver is telling me your time is unbeatable, and then I check the leaderboards and guys are going another 30 seconds faster than me lol.  It's just a bit too much.  It would be way more fun if it was a bit more realistic, especially in simulation mode.- Support for analog handbrake needs to be added yesterday.- Start updating small differentiators to the self configuring stages to make them more interesting.  These don't necessarily have to be too many different corners, but they can be the distractions and environments in and around the track that make this happen, and for them to happen more often than they do now.- Add more variation in hairpin corners.  They are way too predictable.There is generally lots of room for improvement, but overall the game is fantastic and worth every penny in my opinion."
,Recommended,421020,32294633,Posted: 9 June,all,Lightning,"If you like car games/Dirt series you gonna love this game!You can make your own team with name, color, staff ect.You can't unlock all cars before you had ""coins"" for it and you got it after every game!You can upgrade your car with the ""coins"" and it's very fun to play!What are you waiting for?! HAVE FUN :)"
76561198024552871,Recommended,421020,32287101,Posted: 9 June,all,3DSMatt,"So far, the game is really fun and I'm finding the initial experience of the physics quite good, but I feel a bit let down on the side of performance and graphical quality. I understand that you have to make sacrifices for stuff like procedurally generated tracks, but it shouldn't be nearly this bad in Landrush and Rallycross.So, somewhat positive so far. The team management is deeper than I expected and I'm liking the more structured career mode.(will update when I have more playtime)"
,Recommended,421020,32774808,Posted: 25 June,all,BAD,PLEASE remove the brake grinding noise from the game.
76561198018605792,Not Recommended,421020,32308012,Posted: 9 June,all,Popcorn-n-chips,"Bad graphics (dirt 3 was arguably better / the same and it came ages ago). Framerate is ""Horrible"" for a PC title in 2017. Varies between 50-80 fps on a 1080 overclocked (i have 2, but SLI is turned off since no support at release).I'll be going back to dirt 3 for the time being as i'm more of the ""arcade"" type. But the graphics engine seriously need a bump up for future games"
76561198005299019,Recommended,421020,32349594,Posted: 11 June,all,RecklessN00B,"Great game. People who rally say it’s realistic, to me it feels like it is. People who DO NOT rally say its unrealistic...Rallycross is at the best it has ever been represented in a game."
,Recommended,421020,32425210,Posted: 14 June,all,🅱ad Doggo™,"Ok so first things first:If you are comparing Dirt Rally to Dirt 4, you're comparing apples to oranges. Dirt 4 is supposed to be a continuation of where Dirt 3 left off, with a lot of added elements and in depth realism of game mechanics found in Dirt Rally, not a direct successor to Dirt Rally like all the bad reviewers said they were expecting.Now that that's out of the way, did you like Dirt 3? Did you want a game thats easy to pick up like Dirt 3 but with a good variety of realism and depth of team management and sponsorships? If you said yes to those, you should pick up Dirt 4. It adds a very good mix of what a lot of people liked about Dirt 3 and made it better. Sure, theres some things people want back, I have some of my own I will list later in this review, but overall, the game feels and plays great whether you want to have as much realism as possible or if you just want to sit down and just drive balls to the wall.Ok so first of all, the mechanics do feel great. For me, I don't have a racing wheel, and use a controller to play my PC racing games. Sure, I might be a pleb, but I grew up playing racing games on controller, and while Dirt Rally is playable on a controller, it's a game that I felt like I needed to be at my 100% to play, and never really played it for fun. Dirt 4 changes that perspective and it's a game that is just fun to start up and just race with some friends, be it serious or for fun.Now for some of the things that I'm hoping for in the future, I really want to see Raid and Trailblazer classes from Dirt 3 come back. I see hope in where they have a garage upgrade for up to 120 cars, and there's nowhere near 120 different cars in this game right now. So here's to hoping Codies adds some of those back.Another complaint I have about Dirt 4 at this time is why the f*ck is it at every service area, your car could look perfect, but the dampers always have some sort of damage? Seriously though, go into any given race or rally, every service interval, you have damper damage. I don't think dampers are that weak and susceptible to damage.Thirdly, the sponsor contracts early on are on such short contracts that it's difficult to keep track of them over the course of the championships, I don't want to know in messages that the contract is ending -soon-. I want to know when their contract is up, so that I know I need to go pick up a new sponsor deal or engineer. At this point, I'm being really nitpicky, but hey, this is all my opinion, and its constructive criticism.For another nitpicky but good thing, It has to be that it has a really heavy focus on old-fashioned rally racing. Dirt 3 felt lacking to its roots, and you could be running a short rally one minute, gymkhana the next. then doing landrush. I don't like being all over the place in championships like that, it felt really broken up in the overall gameplay, and Codies really focused on fewer disciplines, and did a damn good job on it.So overall, if you loved how Dirt 3 played and want something much more in depth and has a good online mode, please pick this game up. Codemasters has done an impeccable job on a casual, but very addicting rally game, and it's the best in the Dirt series yet!Oh, also forgot to add this, but i give MASSIVE props to Codemasters for being so in depth with the realism, like the sponsors for example, you cant have more than one of the same type of manufacturer on the car because it would cause a conflict of interest. I rarely ever see anything to that nature in a game, it's little details like these that get you immersed into the experience,"
,Recommended,421020,32280460,Posted: 8 June,all,DjayZiro,"At first it seemed way too easy to control (with 'dat Fiesta...)Get yourself behind a RS200 in Spain and you'll see what you have signed yourself to!Also the weather is something out of this world, fog is a ""cross your fingers, good luck"" visual challenge aswell as for the aditional difficulty brought by other weather conditions which are prestine!if you seek for a challenging game for your steering wheel, then this is the one to go for!"
76561198032626602,Recommended,421020,32326004,Posted: 10 June,all,Phukkit,"A lot of people are confusing this game, thinking it is an expansion onto Dirt Rally.It's not.Yes the physics (even in Sim) are still a bit arcady (but not horrible so)But Dirt's base series has always been about off-road racing of all types. With fun and creative challenges and adding new features. And that's what this game does. It does challenge you and work you, but if you're expecting Dirt Rally physics you're looking in the wrong area, and blamming the game is redundant.If you know the Dirt series then this is an improvement on it and an absolute blast to play. If you know Dirt Rally, sit tight, I'm sure they'll come up with another soon!"
76561198059648886,Recommended,421020,32344833,Posted: 11 June,all,Valtio[Not MvP],its a good arcade rally game and i hope it will get more locations to play in like finland and germany like in dirt3. The menu is little hard to navigate but overall like 7/10 i will keep playing. pls codemasters upload more locations to play in!
,Recommended,421020,32349088,Posted: 11 June,all,Falcon140,"This is the best Dirt game Codemasters has produced. The physics in Dirt Rally were good, and have been refined to produce the physics in 4. The controls are finally done correctly, with an in-game calibration system. Straight out of the box my G27 felt great. I didn't need to tweak the control settings for 20 minutes to get something I liked, it just felt great immedietly.This game looks and plays excelent, and has brought back the fun to the Dirt series."
76561198001936276,Recommended,421020,32281455,Posted: 8 June,all,Katch,"After putting in more hours, an update to the reviewPros-imo the driving is superb, I play on sim with ABS on 3 (I tried Dirt Rally for 1hr & I actually like Dirt 4 more)-Career is exciting & a lot of races to do! I also enjoy My Team, having your Vehicle and team-Works great with my g27 wheel, only change is to rotation 270, works perfect!-Overhead replay is cool to watch-No technical issues for me-Community Events are a blast. Some of them are too technical for me, since I am so new to thisBad-Graphics...It is pretty similiar to Dirt Rally, in same ways worse, in some ways better. Good thing is, they can fix it with texture updates-no workshop yetI tried Dirt Rally for about an hour and I dont understand all the ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whining. Maybe I am not as SIM as most people with negative reviews.I love the game, after a few races you really get hooked and just focus on the CoDriver as you fly on a gravel road. Thumbs Up"
,Recommended,421020,32335563,Posted: 10 June,all,Xondogga,"As other people have said before, this is not the same as Dirt Rally. That aside, I personally loved the series before Dirt Rally was around and this game pays homage to the older titles, with some great improvements. The addition of the daily, weekly and monthly challenges from Dirt Rally is great and adds some much needed competitiveness to the game. If you want the full sim like experience, go for Dirt Rally. If you want some great laidback arcade racing with a small touch of  a sim game, go for Dirt 4. You wont be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,421020,32323589,Posted: 10 June,all,Pleb,"I was so hyped for this game!Turns out its back to being caual, even when you use the be challenged option.The only fun part for me was the smash attack challenges, id love to see more of that to be honest! I relly enjoy drifting and racing and to achive better scores.Something else is bothering me. I expect to atleast have to restart a stage a few times before i get the time that i want, but i didn`t have to do that a single time to win... And yes i was playing without assistance.When they annouced this game they said it would be a better version of dirt rally.well....the only thing that is better imo, is the tarmac and the smash attack function."
,Recommended,421020,32470649,Posted: 16 June,all,🅱LITZKRIEG,is gud gaem.
,Recommended,421020,32800128,Posted: 25 June,all,KillerBleach,Really one of the best racing games I've played in a long while. It keeps you engaged and you feel the stress that comes with driving at those speeds in those conditions. It really is a great game and I do recommend it highly.
,Recommended,421020,32280530,Posted: 8 June,all,Aballinacup,You like arcade style rally game like Dirt 2 was. This is your game. Like simulation ... stick to Rally ;) Biggest fail or Dirt Rally is the lack of actual rally online. Dirt 4 have that now :) No trailblazer ... im kinda sad but the new rally cross car are fast enough to please me lol Havent played that much yet but i know i will spend lots of time on this new Dirt :P
,Recommended,421020,32343094,Posted: 11 June,all,Fr0st_P1xel,"First off here are my specs:CPU: Intel Core i7 6700 @3.4GhzGPU: Nvdiai GTX 1060 6GB Zota Amp EditionRAM: Kingston HyperX 16GB DDR4Graphics:Maxed out the game with msaa at CMAA, get this, at 1080p or higher you DON'T NEED IT ABOVE THIS. Yes it does got to 60FPS or sometimes 55FPS with 8x MSAA but at CMAA it stays at 90+. I don't see why people complain for graphics or low FPS. Most of the time you are looking at the car and the road since the game is really tense (playing at champion diff).Gameplay:It is totally spot on! The tracks or stages as you might say are really unique (randomly generated) and always keeps you on your toes (if you want that amazing time record).During the foggy time, maaan it gets a pure helen keller experience. You REALLY need to hear the co-driver to get a good positon.Sound:Its Dirt and they nailed it. 11/10Multiplayer:Haven't tested that right now but will later on and will update the review.A side note: The game looks bad at lower settings but maxed out it looks really really nice and again you don't need more than CMAA on resolution of 1080p or above.TL:DRGet the game for sure if you are into rally and want unendingly unique experience, this won't dissapoint you :D"
76561198128696082,Recommended,421020,32299457,Posted: 9 June,all,Varathius,"The last Rally game I played was Network Q Rac Rally back in 1996, I had a blast. 21 years have passed for me to decide to play a new Rally game. Better late than never, right guys? Wow, 21 years....I remember the other game like I played it last week. Guys, enjoy life, seriously, 21 frikkin years....Jesus, I am now almost too depressed to write a review.Bros, the game is fun so far. I am not playing competitive but playing on easy mode as you get championships unlocked, is both easy and challenging so I assume the hardcore gamers will have fun too. The cars are nicely made, the music is perfectly matching and the graphics are sweet AND, the game runs flawlessly, no FPS lag, nothing, runs like a hot knife through butter.You can manage your team, your cars, sponsors but in a not too challenging way. No complex explanations, you learn on the go and it is fun.I know, early review but if you are into cars and rally, go ahead and try this out I mean you can always get a refund. Wives on the other hand, you can't ever hand those back in.21 years....Remember guys, time and tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a hot woman."
,Recommended,421020,32315832,Posted: 10 June,all,C-Lou:D,"Games is great and why would they sell something that is a downgrade.  Although it doesnt handle the same as DR doesnt means its ""arcade"" or a ""downgrade"" in the slightest."
,Not Recommended,421020,32290442,Posted: 9 June,all,Stoney,"As it stands right now on release day, I cannot recommend this game. I won't compare it to DiRT Rally as the games target different audiences. However during development I am sure the CM team stated that they would be taking the feeling of DiRT Rally and applying it to DiRT 4 with tweaks. - I wonder did they mean the DiRT Rally feeling on it's own launch day, as frankly there is something off with the feeling of DiRT 4 for me.At the moment my first impression of the Rally element of the game is one of boredom. Your Stage generates the stages, that's fine, but the scenery is frankly bland, lifeless and repetitive. The fog (which does a great job of masking the same tree over and over again) is overkill.The RallyCross Cars seem fun and slidy, and I am sure some fun can be gained from the Landrush elements of the game. For me £44.99 is a lot to pay for not a whole lot of RallyCross content and some... landrush tracks that I am sure have been seen (in some part) before. But it's day one, so there is hope that things improve, not only as I am a DiRT fan since the original, but as not wanting to feel like I've wasted my money."
,Recommended,421020,32487523,Posted: 16 June,all,nugget☭,very fun game to playi am not gonna comment an the phycis to much as i havent played enough of other rally games or driving a rally car but the back end can be hard to get out at timeskinda disapoined with the ammount of destications to rally in as you have a couple of graval places one tarmac and one snow
76561198007334513,Recommended,421020,32304095,Posted: 9 June,all,Squiz,Dirt 4 is a drastic improvement over Dirt 3. Dirt Rally is a completely different beast.
,Recommended,421020,32305409,Posted: 9 June,all,Surge,"DiRT 4 is the follow-up to Rally's ""grueling physics with some cars and tracks tacked on"" in the form of an actual game, if you care not for quality of life features Rally will probably satisfy you just as well, if you're looking to simply have fun then 4 is prepared to deliver in spades. DiRT 4 calls back to the best parts of Rally and 3, offering you variable assists and difficulty to either help even the petrol-challenged finish in good shape or to provide a reasonable challenge to enthusiasts, a garage of cars to collect, varied events to blast through, and your very own racing team to manage.DiRT4 presents itself confidently and comprehensively to players of any skill level, with a robust training academy that covers a multitude of key concepts you'll apply in actual races, optional gymkhana-like stunt courses, and well scaled career events that either ease you into the world of rallysports or give you a few milk runs to acclimate you to the new game's feel. Once you've had your introduction to what the game has to offer it has an interesting system of progression, rather than requiring you to saddle yourself with a single car and team or just picking a car of your choice out of the ether DiRT 4 has an actual garage of vehicles that you must stock using your winnings, or you can take a loaner car in exchange for a portion of your winnings.The garage and its contents are part of the new team management features, where you are allowed to hire engineers, upgrade various facilities, select sponsors, and customize your team livery. The management features themselves feel well implemented, not taking away from the racing itself but rather contributing to DiRT 4's sense of persistence between stages and events, as sponsor stickers appear on your vehicle, engineers have tangible effects on your ability to repair damage between stages, only the ""upgrade"" system of exchanging repair times and credits in exchange for more durable parts feels superfluous. Also of note is the actual system for buying new cars, with you having to pull many vehicles from the randomly generated ""Classifieds"" where you are not actually guaranteed to find the car you want and all offers have further randomized upgrades, some coming out of the box with parts that are simply downgraded and some with top-of-the-line racing parts.Anyways enough about management, the racing itself is very par for the DiRT course, although the game boasts procedurally generated tracks you will often encounter the same elements several times in the same stage, so while the variety is welcome you shouldn't expect too much. Assists can be turned off and difficulty raised before a race to increase your winnings, though you cannot swap between the arcade and simulator driving styles without a visit to the main menu, which is understandable. Each event gives you access to a service area at different milestones throughout the list of stages, giving you a chance to repair the damage that persists between stages, clear the mud off your sponsor stickers, and make adjustments to your tuning settings if the last stage showed them to not be to your liking. Rally events will involve over 20 vehicles, many more if multiple classes are involved, and generally function the same way they always have, the ""minimap"" is a line along the side of the screen showing your progress from start to finish and displaying a ""ghost"" of the current fastest time in the form of a white triangle also traveling from start to finish. After each event the game gives you a nice podium to appear on, tallies your winnings, deducts team-related expenses, and then applies ""reputation"" to your driver level, which is used to unlock new team management options.At the end of the day the various management features are nice and all but are merely icing on the cake that is an exceptional return to form for DiRT, if you enjoyed DiRT 3 you will find much to enjoy in 4."
,Recommended,421020,32523431,Posted: 17 June,all,Shadeystorm,"So I am no pro rally driver but I was looking forward to dirt 4! Now I will say I liked a lot of Dirt rally and still do but as a game I think dirt 4 was a good direction and made a lot of positve changes to having more music,track generator and more feeling on surface areas than dirt rally did.In detail of surface area,its nice that puddles have an actual affect when driving through them and asphalt is a lot better than dirt rally. I will say that feed back isnt quite as good as dirt rally but neither have I got really quite good with tunning yet so this may actually be some what my fault to.  ""For you ones who will call this out as saying no your right because it doesnt.Get over it and explain why to improve it and stop bickering and say you want a refund actually help a game that can be fixed with patches"" On another note I do think some lighting could seriously help the games graphics.All in all can I say is this isnt a perfect game  but it can be fixed with patches? yes and I think some people need to stop crying over spilt milk and actually be the ones to help clean it up. SO instead of complaining with no explanation and if you do then say why and leave it. Honestly it doesnt have major graphical issue like mass effect andromena,It actually has a detailed career mode,tone of music,a free roam area,more rally related things than dirt rally. SO I am sorry but if you compare this to many other issues from other new games that have released in the past two freaken years this hasnt turn out that terrible has it? Seriously people get a hold of yourselves."
76561198277156394,Not Recommended,421020,32295144,Posted: 9 June,all,jonnyflow,"This game is very poorly optimised in my opinion and the recommended specs are terribly misleading. My laptop is able to run Dirt Rally at 1080p 60fps on mainly ultra settings with a couple dropped down to high. With this, even running it on medium to low settings I have horrendous pop-in despite the recommended specification being the same as Dirt Rally. The graphics as a result are very disappointing and from what I've played, the promise of the simulation handling being the same as Dirt Rally is also misleading. This just is not the case.Play Dirt Rally and enjoy the challenge, the better graphics and optimisation. At present, Dirt 4 is not worth your time or your money."
76561198016734242,Recommended,421020,32858843,Posted: 27 June,all,LaFerrari,Awesome !!!!!!
,Not Recommended,421020,32290712,Posted: 9 June,all,Metsis,"At this point in time, this game is not worth the full price if you're looking for a Dirt Rally replacement. Refunded."
76561197975145755,Not Recommended,421020,32284422,Posted: 8 June,all,Zorfip,"Developers claimed the simulation physics were improved from Dirt Rally....Thats a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I just had to refund this. For the casual arcade racer this might be your kinda game+"
,Recommended,421020,34678823,Posted: 2 September,all,BlacKouT,good for 45$
,Recommended,421020,32282974,Posted: 8 June,all,Purplefin Neptuna,"+easy to play+nice background music (but i think they reused old game's BGM, like ""Joker and Thief"" from NFS Carbon)+more colorful+smoother ultra-low settings than Dirt Rally-not very challenging-steering like have high sensitivity on controllerDevs are lying, and that is normal, because all marketing is full of lies.Rally sim should not in Rally Arcade game series. And Dirt series never meant to rally simulator game.Overall, this game is good racing game (not sim), recommended for Colin McRae/Dirt game fans/collector"
76561198004391889,Not Recommended,421020,32308130,Posted: 9 June,all,MattStone,"DisappointingDirty Rally looks betterDirty Rally felt better (with exeption to tarmac)I've got a GTX970 with a 1080p monitor.  I get 60-110 fps on medium settings but if feels jittery and generally looks crappy...DR looked much betterPhysics on dirt4 feel too gripy but ...I don't know, maybe I'm too used to DR but imo DR is a much better game.I can't stand this game any longer.Worst part is I've spent 5 hours trying to get this game right so I now can't get a refund  :("
76561197990066737,Recommended,421020,35030678,Posted: 17 September,all,]zBz[arkaras,"Pros:- Handling is nice- Graphics are very good- Night races where headlights make sense (in many games night is more like evening)- Fair amount of stages and rally places- playable even if you are not a pro ;)Cons:- Final events in career mode are horrible and kill  the fun for me when it comes to stage choices - it seems the only options for the developers to choose from have been night, night, heavy rain, rain, night, heavy rain or a combination of them - its boring like hell (even if the stages are challenging)- ridiculous streching of some career events by simply putting the same rally place in it more than once- could have more rally places to choose from- (imho) inconsitent AI"
,Recommended,421020,33199374,Posted: 3 July,all,Xorag,Mostly a fun game on its' own but after a while it does feel very repetitive. Wait for a sale.
76561198046775556,Recommended,421020,34488884,Posted: 25 August,all,saber138,Great Rally game if you are a fan of the more arcade Dirt games.  This is not a sim like Dirt Rally(a really good game ).Yet I still find a lot to like about Dirt 4.  Just know what your buying.
76561198115040190,Not Recommended,421020,34417680,Posted: 22 August,all,chris.ar67,Saddly a big disaster if you think you will get Dirt Rally physics.All Reviews told that in Sim-Mode we will get the same simulation physics.This is definately NOT TRUE.I have no fun to drive this cars.Codemasters had such a good game with Dirt Rally. Why do you change the car physics that everyone praised?Also the tracks from the editor will get boring very fast.Big let down!
,Recommended,421020,32363724,Posted: 12 June,all,Emil Stråth,"I don't write reviews like this but with all the hate this game have reserved  I think I need to!!This I a game like everything else with pros and cons.We start with the new stage system, I think it's a great idea and the stages is not the same all the time but it have limits, you can we the same corner more than once in a stage but I don't mind! I think it's good anyway, maybe some updates will do it?Now the handling. This is interesting, this game is easier than dirt rally but it is dirt 4 not dirt rally 2, have that in mind! But conemasters have got help from Kris Meeke that is a wrc driver so he have had a finger in this! Well like I said is this easier but do that men that it is less realistic, no it isn't, just look at the cars today, the grip is amazing! Rally get easier and easier so the games! Well the historic cars should have less grip but the developers said that their self! The new cars have much grip, that's it! And the rallycross is much better! Petter Solberg have help them with the handling!Me myself have 65 h on Dirt rally and was good at it and now on Dirt 4 I play on the hardest difficulty so I am pretty good on this too!The career mode is just prefect nothing more to say!I hope that this helped!"
76561198073296353,Recommended,421020,34686146,Posted: 2 September,all,Hammersmut,"I can't get my thrustmaster, or fanatec wheels to work, and yes they work with all my other games...... so anyone wanna figure this out? I feel like this won't be addressed. I loved the game on PS4 with the wheel, but no luck here.  I'll change my review once it's fixed."
,Recommended,421020,34763515,Posted: 5 September,all,G0m3r Pyl3,"Awesome game. Only drawback is that many stages repeats sections of turns, making it too easy to navigate. Love the feeling of driving. Every car has its own characteristics. Very fun to drive."
,Recommended,421020,32279571,Posted: 8 June,all,RedCobra1246,"Wow!I never do reviews quickly, but this game delivered everything I was looking for and more!The driving feelsreally good. You can choose your own playstyle (basic or realistic) and there are so many options (gameplay/tuning/etc)!Not only they delivered what I loved from Dirt Rally, but they added more, like creating your own team, and improved other things, like the garage! - about this point, there is a lot of confusion because this is a sequel of Dirt 3, but is more similar to Dirt Rally (why I compare it to Dirt Rally instead). Many say it's not a full simulation, and I agree it's not exactly a simulation, but it's definitely harder than an avarage arcade and a great way to kill some time. Make sure you disable all assists as well.So far it's just awesome and will be playing it more.Damn...now I have to buy a steering wheel...FeelsBadManEdit: apparently a lot of people don't like the graphics. I agree, the graphics don't look great, but I didn't notice them until reading more reviews...I thought this game was about rally simulation (?)...if graphics is a must for you, you might not like the game."
,Recommended,421020,32290093,Posted: 9 June,all,cKy,"early thoughts,game runs , looks and feels great.a great buy if you like the dirt series.handling feels great , got alot more to offer than dirt rally which is only good.visually it looks great, love the new animations they added to the driver.dont have any bad things to say about the game as for now."
,Recommended,421020,34512156,Posted: 26 August,all,Scourge of Serenity,"From playing Dirt Rally on console and PC I was excited to play this game!Using a wheel it felt more of an arcade game like WRC..I hope that future updates may fix this as i have passed my time to refund the game!All in all it is a good game and has potential to be better than DIRT RALLY...(PLEASE, no haters for that final comment :p )"
76561198369629572,Not Recommended,421020,34825157,Posted: 8 September,all,bbcool2002,disappointing
,Not Recommended,421020,34731641,Posted: 4 September,all,Eagleizer,"As a SIM, I do not recommend this game.SLI AND COMMUNICATION IN GENERAL:Horrible communication from Codemasters. No SLI support! Whomakes a racing SIM without SLI support? Many SIM-racers use3 screens, and with the bad optimization of this game, SLI supportis a must if you want both OK graphics and good FPS.On 22.June, I asked if there was supposed to be SLI support:http://steamcommunity.com/app/421020/discussions/0/1369506834140960653/This is on the first page! No way they missed that! So instead ofjust saying there is no SLI support, they let me waste 30+ hourswith nVidia support, which communication is on par with Codies.My last communication with nVidia can be seen here in post #37:http://steamcommunity.com/app/421020/discussions/0/1354868867715129002/?ctp=3#c1471966894869499853There are lots of questions from users with problems, but virtuallyno help from Codies. Even when people have put a lot of work intomaking BUG reports, there is not even a Thank you! They do havetime to write about non related stuff in the Road Book, so this isplain laziness or they don`t read the BUG reports.WILL THERE BE IMPROVEMENTS TO PHYSICS/NOTES?:I have been waiting a long time for Codemasters to confirm if theyare going to fix the physics and notes in this game. In interviewsand videos they have constantly made a huge point out of all theylearned from Early Access with DiRT Rally. In particular are theymentioning the communication with the users. So why nocommunication now? Are they trying to learn something else?I find it disrespectful with all this silence. I want to know if thestate of the physics are final. If they are, I might spend timefinding cars and settings that are ok. But I don`t want to spend alot of time doing that, only to find all my settings gone becausethere was an update with small change to the physics, like Iexperienced several times in DiRT Rally. You can only save4 setups, which is far from enough, and at some point yourengineer have quit, and you setup does not work anymore...In the DiRT Show just after release, Paul Coleman acknowledgethe problems and basically said they would not do anythingunless they could do it properly. Problem is that he neverconfirmed that anything would be done at all. He actually said""IF it gets implemented"", and said so 2 times...So he have the nerve to ask people to spend time on makingvideos of problems with physics and how the game can beimproved, and still, after 3 months he cannot confirm if we aresupposed to do all that work without improvements beingplanned for the game physics??? Sure they must know by nowif they are going to fix it or not?ANYTHING GOOD?:There is no reason for me to repeat what have already been saidabout the weired physics in many of the cars except it feels prettygood in Rally Cross (RX). The R5 rally cars are also better thanmost of the other cars I have tried.If you are happy with the physics, there are still the problem withthe notes. They seem to not take in count at what speed you aredriving. So when you go fast, they are coming too late. You canadjust them to come earlier, but then you get them too early whengoing slow. At least for me. I cannot have notes coming 3-4 turnsahead. This seems to me as something that should have beenfixed first. Driving by notes was what was going to make this gameso great together with the generated stages.So, the generated stages (My Stage). They gets boring veryquickly, unless you are like my girlfriend who will not recognizethat we have gone around the same block 5 times unless there isa shoe store there. The worst thing about this is that even theenvironment looks the same. The same pile of rocks after thesame looking turn adds to the feeling of repetitiveness. Even the""handpicked"" stages that are part of the career have stages lessthan 5 Km with repeated turns and crests.SO:I really hoped that this would be a great SIM, but it`s not IMHO.I still hope that the major flaws will be fixed, but there have beenno promise from Codies to fix it, so I can only guess that it wouldnot.So sadly, I do not recommend this game as a Rally-SIM."
,Recommended,421020,34702992,Posted: 2 September,all,aso777,"Despite all negative reviews, the simulation mode of the game is pretty good. I love that at the end of the stage you actually need to stop the car and report to marshal. The graphics of the car and effects are good. However the surroundings could be done better. For those who were missing Gymkhana... its back. But its not required. Also a little bit more realism with Dirtfish rally school. Its real and you can go there to try yourself behind a wheel of real rally car."
,Recommended,421020,34758084,Posted: 5 September,all,Maximus,"I was looking for a fun rally game more forgiving than Dirt Rally which I can play through my controller without the hassle of fitting my steering wheel (yep, not getting younger) and this seems to fit well."
,Recommended,421020,34881820,Posted: 11 September,all,D4RT,"Honestly I dont see why this game is getting hate. Yes, okay its different from D3 and DR but in a good way. Its simply what it is supposed to be. A rally simulator. Driving is enjoyble cars are different in looks and controll and tracks look beautiful. Background enviroments are abit detexturized but in a game like this its all obout the track rather than the background view. Game runs well, and the ability to build your tean is fun. I wish you could edit your evrery car livery seperatley tho. And the race setup screen is abit confusing. Overall its a fun game and is very addictive once u get into it, tho it might take some pracitce before you do. I recomend using a controller or a wheel for this tho cause keyboard controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Overall an 8.5/10 buy it, def worth it."
76561198086345139,Not Recommended,421020,34704733,Posted: 3 September,all,_KS_,FPS in this game drops gradually overtime. I cant fix it even after trying for 3 hours. The problem only happens to this game.
,Not Recommended,421020,34727777,Posted: 3 September,all,Timbercake,"Played this game for 15 minutes after I saw it on sale. If you're thinking about getting this game, get Dirt Rally instead. Graphics are better for one thing. Not to mention I experienced stuttering and also freezing on loading screens. Also encountered a bug where the loading screen would freeze but the game would continue in the background (I could hear it but could only see the loading screen). Couldn't get past the first event without an issue."
,Recommended,421020,34812973,Posted: 8 September,all,tharje,Really good game
,Not Recommended,421020,34654153,Posted: 1 September,all,fax,DiRT Rally is better
,Recommended,421020,34683261,Posted: 2 September,all,Ser Classy Penguin,I LOVE THIS GAME. I'm a car enthusiast and love all manner of racing. I've thought ehh rally we'll see how well they depict it. IT HITS THE NAIL ON THE HEAD! my personal favourite... the replays! OMG when i crash and watch myself crash... funny as. Atmospherically its brilliant though comes off a bit short sided on content. theres only 5 or so tracks per rally type and i literally only play rally. but its  seeded map. Overall.. if you love driving like a maniac and having fun. BUY IT! almost took a day off of work to play it.
76561198012286552,Recommended,421020,34645772,Posted: 31 August,all,lateapexpredator,"A great game. If you've got a wheel, I HIGHLY recommend playing it without any assists and the HUD off. The stuff like team management is a bit boring and repetitive, but doesn't get in the way too much."
,Not Recommended,421020,32280335,Posted: 8 June,all,Sneaky,"Loved Dirt Rally, the simulation mode in this game is not even close in quality and handling.Such a shame, the tracks, the graphics, the campaign mode are all great, but the handling simply wasn't good enough for my taste. Getting a refund and dragging my♥♥♥♥♥back to Dirt Rally"
,Not Recommended,421020,32281842,Posted: 8 June,all,ApatheticZeus,"It pains me to say it, but Dirt 4 is a big step in the wrong direction. It's more similar to Dirt 2 and 3 than Dirt Rally, and that wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing if it didn't also feel very watered down version of those games.As for rally-sim fans, just stick with Dirt Rally. Dirt Rally was noted for its realistic handling and high difficulty and was, in name and content, a departure from the Dirt series. Dirt 4 is a return to the more arcade-style racing found in Dirt 2 and 3. While this might appeal to a larger audience of gamers that want a more approachable rally game, it's going to feel like a letdown for big fans of Dirt Rally--even on the ""simulation"" setting.As for the procedurally generated tracks, they're quite bland. It's a really cool idea but they didn't quite get it right. It's similar to how No Man's Sky has 17 quintillion planets (or whatever number) but they're all very similar to each other because they all use the same limited assets. This leads to tracks feeling like you've seen them before even though you obviously haven't. And the algorithm that makes them isn't very creative; I raced one stage earlier that was 4 segments of ""200m, dip."""
76561198170414286,Not Recommended,421020,32280609,Posted: 8 June,all,Scoobs,Downgrade from dirt rally.Graphics suck.
,Not Recommended,421020,32282535,Posted: 8 June,all,McTavish01™,"I don't know what else to say other than I am disapointed.I have been an avid Dirt/CMR/DR player since 2005. This feels like the weakest entry out of any game codemasters has made.Off the bat the feeling is so off putting to me, feels like a straight MLG Mountain Dew drinking atmosphere with the music and Voice overs and driving shool? I mean really?Now a lot of people are annoyed that we may compare this game to Dirt Rally, reason a lot of us are doing this is because during the development of this game they always stated Rally in Dirt 4 was going to be more a focal point and much improved much a kin to Dirt Rally. This game is not what they have been pitching us for the last couple years.Handling / Visuals / Performance / Enjoyment are far below my expectations.Even with their similuation settings this feeling very much like dirt 3 and 2.I will follow progress within the next couple weeks to see if things have changed at all, if not will likely refund."
76561198014802241,Not Recommended,421020,32997108,Posted: 29 June,all,Filip Lenz,"Meh...  Game feels rushed, unpolished, lack of love and just bland in general.  gotten halfway through the career mode and I am already bored.  Not even the career mode tracks are hand made, they use the same patterns as the *generated* tracks do.. I expected more from it, after a few hours you learn all the corners from the track generator and you know whats up and that makes rally boring.  They should have and could have done alot more than like 10 corners.   FFB is also very bland on my t500rs racing wheel, you dont really feel the road at all.  Graphics are a downgrade too, the grass and trees look very ps2'ish and ground texture is awful  ( running ultra native 4k 60fps ). Rally Co-Driver is very bad compared to Dirt Rally, I dont feel like its a person sitting in the car with me rather than pre-scripted lines said with no emotion.  Car sounds are very good however, I really like it.   All in all it just feels like a slightly long Demo version of a game, I expected ALOT more from Codemasters after the fantastic Dirt Rally."
76561198137458418,Not Recommended,421020,32291937,Posted: 9 June,all,*****,"This game is not only bad, its laugh-out-loud bad.* Simulation mode is quite simply broken. The cars behave nothing like you would expect a car to behave* FFB is almost non-existant, even on highest setting* Arcade mode is better, but even there you get no sense of speed* Graphics are nothing special* Optimization is bad - it stutters on my new high-end machine, even on low settings* Motor sound is poor, and some of the sound effects are so unrealistic I had to laughI see no reason to play this game for anyone - if you like simulation, Dirt Rally is ten times more realistic, if you like arcade racing, Dirt 3 from 2010 is better in every aspect."
76561198073558813,Not Recommended,421020,32309883,Posted: 9 June,all,GonzoHerbz,"In my initial gaming session with Dirt 4, I'm looking at the terrible graphics and experiencing the awful controls and I'm thinking ""where the hell did they invest their money in the development of this garbage?""The answer is Your Stage which is central to the whole game and subsequently has sucked the life and the quality out of everything that surrounds it.This is not a matter of sim vs arcade, no matter which one you choose, the game never really feels like driving, it feels like pulling walls towards or away from either side of you if that makes any sense.I believe it feels this way because of the coding used in the Your Stage generation. It's not levels that you drive through, it's almost as if you're stationary and you're pulling random pieces of track around you.Your Stage is great idea in theory but in implementing it, Codemasters have destroyed what made Dirt 2 and Dirt Rally so great."
,Not Recommended,421020,32301987,Posted: 9 June,all,Jallen,"Summary: This is not a sim. I regret buying it. I'm sticking to dirt rally.Background: I've done some rally driving IRL and I had a world #1 on a track in dirt rally. I play with H shifter + clutch.I've driven around a wet gravel track in an Escort Mk2 RS2000 in real life. When I first played dirt rally, that was my test - comparing it to real life by driving powys in the rain with all assists off, and it was very, VERY close to the real thing in all of the handling of the car and the feeling of the surface.I tried a few tracks in dirt 4 and it felt a bit off. I decided to try that benchmark test of mine - powys in the rain (ofc with all assists off in sim handling mode). I cannot even begin to understand what the devs were thinking because I feel like I'm playing an arcade game. I let off the accelerator and where is the lift off oversteer?? I power around a square right in second and there is no oversteer?? By abusing the handbrake absurdly I've been able to get the back end out but as soon as I get back on the throttle it immediately grips. In a high power RWD on wet gravel.Tarmac is ridiculous, group B ruined, menus clunky and takes twice as long to just select a car and play a stage (don't care about career, I want a driving sim not a career sim)If you're after a sim, avoid."
76561198051223513,Not Recommended,421020,32287503,Posted: 9 June,all,Zapekk,I had high hopes for this as i heard it should have been like dirt rally for driving model.Well now i found it's not.Driving feels way more arcade. Gravel is way too grippy and feels very weird to drive.Also while driving in the snow with b class RWD it just didn't want to slide properly.I tried tuning my wheel settings but couldn't find a way to make it any better.Generated tracks felt really repetitive. Track i generated in the location wales had 7  hairpins.All identical. It just felt like a same mongy till the next hairpin on and on.Graphics aren't any better than dirt rally. Maybe even a bit worse in my opinion.And even my fps were +100 all the time i still had stuttering once in a while.Specs: Gtx 1080 Runninf 2152Mhzi7-4770k 4.6 Ghz16gb ramWin 10Wheel: Logitech G29 with H-shifterI do not recommend this game for the fans of Dirt rally.This might be okay for people who crave more arcade feeling with a controller.Landrush felt fun. For like 5 minutes.
76561197980192611,Not Recommended,421020,32460712,Posted: 15 June,all,Molock Le Lapin,"I cannot recommend this game to fans of Dirt Rally (yet). Fans of Dirt 3 may enjoy.The good:-compared to DR the car's weight is more realistic. This means that braking and crests are improved-Tarmac handling is improved-campaign mode is improved, although too much money is awarded early imoThe bad:-less rally tracks than DR (and random generation isn't as great as it sounds)-loss of iconic locations (Monaco. Germany, Finland) with no real attempt at introducing equivalents (even if they they had made up some ficticious but similar locations)-by default cars (especially the 4WD) tend to understeer and then snap oversteer-powersliding on dirt is unrealistically difficult, the car will snap back straight even if you're on full throttle-FFB is not good enough, not an improvement over DR"
,Not Recommended,421020,32288714,Posted: 9 June,all,No Pickles,"I have been a big fan of the Dirt series all throughout, I enjoyed Dirt 2, loved Dirt 3 and grew to like Dirt Rally. However, for some reason I cannot seem to enjoy this release. The handing feels too rigit and doesn't flow like any of the other Dirt games before."
,Recommended,421020,32418582,Posted: 14 June,all,Peräsen Ville (Ternic),yes
,Recommended,421020,32319355,Posted: 10 June,all,Celebesen,"Honestly, I love this game!Dirt Rally was a bit to much of a simulator for me, and this is just the right balance between sim and arcade.In Dirt Rally you had to grind for hours to get better cars and in this you get to unlock the cars much faster but not too fast.Really fun game!"
76561198014316197,Not Recommended,421020,32302038,Posted: 9 June,all,VauZwa,i was waiting sooo long for this game. But its really too much arcade.... I love Dirt Rally!!! But Dirt 4 = Refund. ...sorry for that bad news. :(
76561198014818365,Not Recommended,421020,33571363,Posted: 15 July,all,Layseyla,"Got about 40 hours in, the graphics are okay, some of the cars handle great!  Others not so good.My big thing and this is because I a, a VR user, I tried over the 40 hours of playtime to enjoy the game without VR, but I just cant!  If Dirt 4 adds VR ill be back.I cant give this a thumbs up, because I feel VR racing needs to keep up with the times, Project Cars got this right, Project Cars 2, VR out of box!  Thats how it should be."
76561197979970421,Not Recommended,421020,32281224,Posted: 8 June,all,JMan141,Dirt 4Sad I was looking forward to this and wow what a letdown maxed out on a Asus GTX 1080 TI OC and looks washed out dull 2d world copy and past where every tree looks the same I was a big Dirt well rally fan had and have the wheels the seat so on and wow this took me right back to 1998 lol where devs was thinking er maybe we should try to fix it so not every backdrop and tree and rock looks the same well sad to say but RIP codemasters way to kill a dirt game Dirt 2 and 3 is way betterThank you for reading this
,Recommended,421020,32516143,Posted: 17 June,all,Turbo,"THIS. IS. NOT. DIRT. RALLY. 2. This a a different series entirely made for more casual players but that is apparently hard to understand as a worrying amount of people give it a negative review because they couldn't put two and two together and figure out dirt rally was it's own thing, hence why it wasn't numbered. This game is great fun and if you like these kinds of godd feeling but not too realistic rally games you'll like this one too."
76561198010963765,Not Recommended,421020,32460552,Posted: 15 June,all,Savage X,"Disappointed ....... Not the game I was expected to be , AWESOME career mode , AWESOME graphics and AWESOME game play but a terrible multiplayer game. All the game modes on previous version are gone ,NO outbreak , NO cat n mouse, NO transporter, NO traolblazer, not DIRT Multiplayer that everyone was expecting to be .........."
,Not Recommended,421020,32298274,Posted: 9 June,all,9asas,"just wait for dirt rally 2 ,do not buy this game"
,Recommended,421020,32433632,Posted: 15 June,all,CANAH #RIP Pinnania,"Gr8, needs more dirt rally feel tho"
76561198121064274,Not Recommended,421020,32347000,Posted: 11 June,all,Annabella,"I hope that codemaster could improve the physics of sim mode. Comparing with dirt rally, it is very poor."
76561198028280763,Recommended,421020,32610060,Posted: 20 June,all,Dentendo,im lovin itonly con so far is the long loading time inbetween stages..soo apparently the cars feel weird because they are tuned for oversteer by default
,Not Recommended,421020,32296728,Posted: 9 June,all,AR605,"I've played Dirt Rally from the very beginning, earned VIP-Status (some of you may know what that means) and Ihad high expectations in DiRT 4. But at this point (day one) DiRT 4 is no fun racer nor a sim racer.For fun racing, there's just not enough to do as far as I can say. It feels just not as polished as a Forza Horizon...For sim racing fans, this game is a big step backwards from DiRT Rally, I expected that they would improve tarmac physics to be  on a higher level of realism. Instead now even driving on gravel feels wrong. At all times I feel the car floating and moving, not in a good way, more like a boat. The Force Feedback is rather poor compared to DiRT Rally and right here they learned a lot during the Early Access phase of DiRT Rally, but they didn't use the knowledge...Sadly I have to return my new hope of getting my wheel on a new rally sim."
76561198042784353,Not Recommended,421020,34656877,Posted: 1 September,all,Deckard,"Codemasters phoned it in with Dirt 4. The generated tracks are a good idea and can throw up some really good runs but mostly come across as generic with generic scenery. If some more variety was mixed in it could have been excellent. An idea that doesn't need to be thrown away but needs work.The team management aspect doesn't really work other than to create a bunch of hurdles to access upgrades and car settings. Graphics are typical Codemasters which means on the high side of decent but again let down by a lack of care about the details. Why, for example, does your car throw up black dust clouds on red Australian roads? The first time I saw it I thought my car was blowing smoke.The camera views are very restricting and I can't for the life of me find something I like. There is no look to apex and the camera is fixed straight ahead which means on a single screen (which I guess most are using) you need a wide FOV set. The trouble here is this makes the in-car view like trying to drive while looking out a mail box. The dash cam has a narrow fixed FOV and the dash top (that's it, no panel at all) obstructs half the screen. The bonnet cam is fixed and can't be offset to the drivers side and the full screen view is about six inches off the road. If that isn't enough to annoy Codemasters have encrypted the files to prevent modding. Camera shake is abysmal and doesn't reflect reality so is best turned off.Performance is ordinary at best. A 1080ti struggles for 4K@60hz with everything turned down to near rock bottom. SLI isn't supported and I can't find a halfway usable profile.Codemasters must have needed to top up the bank balance while they worked on F1 2017."
,Recommended,421020,32300592,Posted: 9 June,all,Jwsoat,great handing phyisics highly recommended
,Recommended,421020,32313606,Posted: 10 June,all,Romo$,Amazing sense of speed
,Recommended,421020,32316749,Posted: 10 June,all,str0nkberG *1&1,"Good follow up to Dirt Rally. The handling model is different yet familiar with DR. Random stage generator definetly adds to the replay value. Car selection is good, but sadly its missing the current WRC cars."
,Not Recommended,421020,33565255,Posted: 15 July,all,pwncheif,This game is a great simulator when it wants to behave but this whole issue with (in windows 10) plugging in a usb racing wheel and the game lags beyond belief and get progressivly worse ruins it for me.  I can forgive the lack of VR support even though it is an enormous disappointment considering how well it was done in dirt rally.  This review is even taking several minutes to write because I have the game open in the background hoping that the performance will improve... again its a great game if you dont want to use a racing wheel or a vr headset but those things are ruining this game for me.7/17/17- I fixed the issue with the usb wheel by reinstalling my OS and not downloading any of the drivers for my motherboard from the manufacturers website.  Still dont reccomend based on the lack of VR.  I know im part of a minority here but I'd be happy with just the most basic implementation of VR support....I know its there just check the hardware settings xml....
,Recommended,421020,34948706,Posted: 14 September,all,KNGS,"I think Dirt 4 is more to the arcade side than simulation. Still it was fun playing with Fanatec CSR wheel. I'd recommend Dirt 4 for the people who are new playing with steering wheel, and when they feel comfortable, should switch to Dirt Rally. The only thing I'd want from this to Dirt rally is the weight-shifting. It's just so fun throwing around the 4WD cars."
76561198134528143,Recommended,421020,35324910,Posted: 29 September,all,jrifter1281,"i enjoyed the game a lot more then i expected. i never got the chance to play dirt 1, i like dirt 2 as well. i did not like dirt 3 dirt rally or dirt showdown but i think ill be putting in a little time with this one."
76561198206364248,Not Recommended,421020,33198008,Posted: 3 July,all,robi0909,"My review for this game are more negative than positive,especially because I play a lot Dirt Rally.I can not say that Dirt 4 is not fun game,it is,but movement of cars(rally) is not similar to DR,so as has been said many times here,anyone who played Dirt Rally will may be a bit disappointed.Other games in Dirt 4 are funny,but nothing special,they quickly become boring.In short,after 40 hours of playing Dirt4,I am back in Dirt Rally and I can said,that I love it even more than before.55€ is absolutely too much for this game and I regret it.I suggest that you first try it for free, if you have an option,but also on Youtube you have a lot of videos to see how it looks,or you buy it,and if you don t like it,in two hours you can ask for refund.The best option is to wait for discounts."
,Recommended,421020,32341474,Posted: 11 June,all,krzo69,"Lets get this out of the way: I did notice that the first few cars (FWD), have weird handling. However other cars's handling is (imo) very good."
,Recommended,421020,33228501,Posted: 4 July,all,KomediaN,"10/10, simulation on point! How realistic the game is when Mitsubishi Lancers engine loses power without doing any physical damage to it? Every petrolhead knows that it is a known thing on Evo Lancers, especially on evo VII."
,Recommended,421020,32291646,Posted: 9 June,all,AWDNate,"YES that game feels different to Dirt Rally. I think its just going to take some getting used to. Playing on ""arcade"" mode with a controller is super fun though"
,Not Recommended,421020,33581783,Posted: 16 July,all,were wolf 232,"physics are good,good vareity in cars but i gave this game a bad review because of the tracks.the new generated tracks are supposed to be like you drive a diffrent stage every time but it feels more like i'm driving the same stage all the time,it feels like the corners that are in the game are enough to make maybe 3 normal stages per area and nothing more.would be a lot better if code masters decided to just make tracks the way they used to in dirt rally or at least add a lot more different corners to this game so it wouldnt feel as repetitive"
,Recommended,421020,32322482,Posted: 10 June,all,chrisinthesun20,No SLI? Really!?!?!
76561198034084018,Recommended,421020,32366801,Posted: 12 June,all,Fide,"Some problems with 3 screen setup, on full screen I got fligering on one of my screens. I assume this is a bug and wilö be fixed sooner or later. One screen setup works without issues. Also required a lot of tweaking to get the force feedback to my likings on Logitech wheel, but getting there.Only started the career so not much to say yet. The driving is different than in Dirt Rally as said in many times. But enjoyable, so for sure recomended came."
76561198166600934,Recommended,421020,32574530,Posted: 19 June,all,Ellite_1,"the game is quite good, i think the game is going back like dirt 3  and i dont understand with the people who make these car games why they dont put the rev counter and the gear change in the middle of the monitor on the bottom. because i never seen anybody driving a car and they got to turn theirr heads to the passenger seat to see the speedo. so i think its about time these games people should sit in their own cars and have a look where the speedo is situated, not everybody as small monitiors so surelythat they could give an options of the speedo."
76561198358511651,Recommended,421020,33332411,Posted: 6 July,all,pikajew,This is an incredible game! Love the graphics and the gameplay. Only negative feedback i have is i wish there was more landrush and rallycross tracks. If there was a rally cross in michigan and even one in california and a land rush in arizona or utah i think that would really make the game a game i wouldn't get tired of
,Recommended,421020,32295548,Posted: 9 June,all,Me Gusta,Still don't cut.
,Recommended,421020,32287342,Posted: 9 June,all,R3[0NE],"What can I say:If you loved Dirt 3 like me...you´ll love Dirt 4 and I think thats the point. It don´t want to be a 2nd Dirt Rally...It want to be mix between Dirt 3 and Dirt Rally and for me I can say: well done!Graphics: yeah it dont looks that good of doom in hell but everyone who buy´n Fifa and CoD etc. have to really stfu...its still about fun, gameplay and not how better this game looks in comparison to its older brothers. I really hate that kind of criticism. Its not looking♥♥♥♥♥♥so I dont give a f* about that.Gameplay: Gamer and Simulation...the best of both as I said...I think Simulation could be a bit easy for many hardcore Dirt Rally gamers but for me...it was fine...I can get used to itGame: Feels like Dirt 3...loved it...-DONESoundtrack: Its pretty nice tho, good choicesSo for everyone whos looking for a Dirt thats feeling like Dirt 3 but better HERE YOU ARE...if you´r a hardcore rally simulation guy then..maybe pass this one.Just to say its♥♥♥♥♥♥cause grafics is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥* and I shame for those kinds of reviewsJust to say its♥♥♥♥♥♥cause its not Dirt Rally...yeah...OKAY ... 99% dont have a clue how a rally car behaves but writin reviews like they are Ken Block or what ever."
76561198129019414,Recommended,421020,33470081,Posted: 11 July,all,poweredbyspoon,Great rally racing game!!! The rally trucks are cool but difficult when you are used to racing compacts!!! I run the game with a 970 and an i5 and it runs amazing. I have upgraded to two 970s and it is amazing!!! Game play is fun for average gamers and simulators.
,Recommended,421020,32282566,Posted: 8 June,all,Irony,"Trying to enjoy the game, but when switching to cockpit view the game occasionally freezes."
,Recommended,421020,32280771,Posted: 8 June,all,ahuman-22,"a letter to codemasters from a peasant point of view,hello i am a huge fan of your games i loved dirt 2,3 & the grid series especially gird 1. dirt 4 is unfortunately not perfect for casual players like myself i respect your amazing game it is for serios players how can play more than an hour a day & play the game using a wheel but for me i use a game pad and i tried the ""gamer handling style"" and it is horrible it is heavy and boring unlike the sim style it is fun and unpredictable, honestly 30 minutes in the game and i wanted to request a refund because it is clearly not for me just like dirt rally was even though i bought that game on early access and did not like it because it is not for peasants like me i respect your ambition to make a sim game so i kept it and i will keep this one too because i want to support you guys and i hope you will add some present features like rewind and a racing line to guide me on the track that is all. i wish you the best and i hope if you read this you can let me know if your'e working on a new grid game if you were please just make it exactly the first game but with better graphics that game was amazing."
76561197981553992,Recommended,421020,32333542,Posted: 10 June,all,Colfax_Jones,"I'm currently enjoying this game quite a lot. No regrets with my purchase. Rumor is a VR update is in the works. I'm having fun, and that's worthy a thumbs up vote from me. Cheers."
76561198016731398,Recommended,421020,32304937,Posted: 9 June,all,HamSickle,perfect
,Recommended,421020,32362647,Posted: 12 June,all,Xel'Naga.CN,"Dirt is always not for keyboard players, but Dirt4 is good for casual palyer. if you really want a simulation game go Dirt rally. However, I have to say my favourate is still DiRT2"
,Recommended,421020,32292756,Posted: 9 June,all,delite,"Tank Fly Boss Walk jam nitty grittyYou're listening to the boy from the big bad cityThis is jam hotThis is jam hot<3 you Codies!Great game too! Been doing it since Colin McRae. Have all your titles!Love the handling!I am an avid sim racer, from iRacing and AC to DiRT Rally.This game is fun and challenging enough!Great job!"
76561198039689758,Recommended,421020,33723884,Posted: 22 July,all,Oerthgate,"Driving physics from Codemasters is my favorite.  Race historic cars, stadium dirt tracks, and try out some new rally cross cars to unlock the triple crown.  Multiplayer with your friends is super fun.  But the only time i am able to get rally pro tour matches is on the weekend.  I guess that's when everyone has time to log on."
76561198349965408,Recommended,421020,32306705,Posted: 9 June,all,Peter_Boyanton,Dirt4 has♥♥♥♥♥♥poor menu it wants you racing before you have any settings like graphics and controller type setlook codemasters i would like to setup my game before i play it AND WHERES THE GAME EXIT BUTTON DO I REALLY HAVE TO DO A CNTROL ALT DELETE TO EXIT AND WHY CANT I GET BACK TO PROFILE WHEN I AM NOT FINISHED PUTTING IN MY DETAILS . YOU ALSO TRIED TO START A RACE WHILE I WAS CONFIGURING MY WHEEL..WHATS THE PRESSURE TO RACE.I WILL DO THAT WHEN I HAVE ALL THE SETTINGS DONE FAAAAAK  I HAVE HAD TO UNINSTALL THE GAME AND REINSTALL TO GET BACK TO PERSONAL DRIVER DETAILS   TOO MUCH PRESSURE TO GET RACING WITHOUT SETUP    OHH DIrt Rally I miss your easy to navigate menu system.......Well now I have done the first sprint race and tried the rally school and finally i get my rally licence and what do you know....MENUS finally I can check my profile and set everything up .. after my first rally stage in michigan i feel that the awesome road feel from DiRT Rally is somewhat reduced and i feel like i am a bit detached from the road.. in fairness to the game some of that may be due to my car setup. I do however oibject to having to use automatic transmission...i have a gearshift doing nothing...thank god i graduated to group B ...perhaps there i can use my gearshifter..on the plus side the framerate on this game is much better on my computer than DiRT Rally and the graphics even with an old Nvidea GTX 560Ti card set on high are awesome..theres been some great artwork done . I used Fraps to record some gameplay and I will post it on Peter Boyanton's Channel on YouTube ASP..I cant wait to see the forrest stage at night lit up by all those rally lights. I suppose in time I will get used to the road feel in this game..its just a matter of readjusting my senses..Theres lots of fun to be had in this game.
76561198076703040,Not Recommended,421020,34818186,Posted: 8 September,all,Robert Ehrling,"Not even close to match the joy and speed present in Dirt Rally, this game feels sadly lika a poor console port, stay away."
76561198052436034,Recommended,421020,34728027,Posted: 3 September,all,dwindsonator777,"You've heard it over a zillion times now..... but the one thing this game NEEDS... VR SUPPORT!Other than that top game, Codemasters are the kings n queens of rally games."
,Not Recommended,421020,34722059,Posted: 3 September,all,Jolly Roger,stick with d rally
,Recommended,421020,33765893,Posted: 24 July,all,bacon man,Pretty fun game. Really enjoying rally and rx. If your pc can run it and you have some loose change then feel free to get it.
,Recommended,421020,32286888,Posted: 9 June,all,teletubbie,"chinese language support please,really like this game"
,Recommended,421020,33039916,Posted: 30 June,all,Fooshi,"In short; DiRT 4 is a more accessible DiRT Rally.The vehicles are easier to handle at the most difficult simulator settings. This is probably the biggest disappointment for many hardcore rally fans, but despite this, I found them very fun to drive.Biggest improvements from Rally is the career mode. With the inclusion of sponsors and more in depth financial management, career is rather enjoyable, as opposed to Rally where some might find it a grind to feel any sort of progression.Another nice addition is ""Your stage"". Whilst it doesn't make entirely new tracks, it does tweak the predictability of tracks to the point where you cannot rely on muscle memory and rather focus on the pacenotes."
,Recommended,421020,33244659,Posted: 4 July,all,enim,Its a good game to play in realism BUT when im 2 metres away from a civ i respawn with 14-18 seconds penalty
,Recommended,421020,33370307,Posted: 8 July,all,Hikari_NEET,"Dirt 4 is a great game but not as great as Rally which made me throw my keyboard against the wall. Keyboard support is good not as great as a control or wheel but playable. Wish there were more tracks and cars to choose from. Love how u can adjust the complexity of the map and length of the map. Game would last u couple hours on each mode rally, landrush, rally cross, and etc.This bottom section is for people who played initial d arcade stageFor people who played initial d arcade stage no not the ps3 or ps2 or the emulator version I mean the legit arcade version for so reason the game feels like initial d arcade stage 6 slidyness but u loss speed like on initial d arcade stage 7 and the griping(when it is dry) like initial d arcade stage 8."
,Recommended,421020,32318794,Posted: 10 June,all,papertazer,"Will update when I get more hours in.Right off the bat, this game is stunning. The graphics are by far the best I have seen in a rally/racing game. The controls are odd. The arcade controls feel like DiRT 3, and the sim controls feel like DiRT Rally, kind of. If you are looking for the arcade like experience, this game is great. But for me, DiRT Rally seems to be a bit more true to simulation."
76561198105784224,Recommended,421020,33566716,Posted: 15 July,all,plusfour,"Better than Dirt Rally, but a lot shorter."
,Recommended,421020,32290902,Posted: 9 June,all,d0x360,"tons of fun and best of all you can play with some hardcore physics or switch to a more arcade style for a more relaxing style thats more forgiving and has the potential to be more fun if you arent looking for absolute realism.If you ask me its a perfect mix of styles from the old games with lots of options to adjust how real the game is.Its also well optimized and great looking.  It runs with no issue at 4k ultra 60+ FPS on my gtx 1080 so as long as your gpu is somewhat modern you wont have any issues3i think some people are crazy with all this dowmgrade talk because its not the case.  Visually or physics wise.  Just because the last game was harder doesnt mean the physics were more realistic.  In full sim mode this game is far more real than DR was.  I'd know ive actually been in a high powered rally car tearing through the woods at the Team O'Neil training campDont listen to the couch drivers, this game is well made and unlike DR its made for the masses and the hardcore sim fans.FFB has some issues but thats always the case on launch for any racing game.  It will be tweaked and patched, it always is.Another excellent game by codemasters and im happy to be playing it.  Just a shameit came out on a friday"
76561198194880562,Recommended,421020,34277879,Posted: 16 August,all,gcookscotland,"Took a while to start enjoying the game, doesn't feel as good as Dirt Rally.  Once I starting getting further into the career and unlocked more are more it became more enjoyable and the driving starting improving.  Now really enjoying this game"
76561197960933570,Recommended,421020,33106260,Posted: 1 July,all,bugdrops,"Prety good game. I played them all since dirt 1.. I liked dirt rally. But for a casual like me it feels more simlike dirt 4. I wouldnt say it is less sim then dirt rally. And graphics and weather effect play a big role in that. The puddles of water that gather some places is neat, and just general feel of how rain affects driving the different maps is sweet. And it's really fun to drive on a rainy map in complete darkness f.ex But it feels like a rather small game. Wich is fine for me. I would recommend it. For me id say its a step up from dirt rally. Mainly because of graphics and weather effects and adjustable difficulty that makes it more realistic and simlike.."
,Not Recommended,421020,32301981,Posted: 9 June,all,Wasp,what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke
,Recommended,421020,32290905,Posted: 9 June,all,MindKiller,"The game is a lot of fun, just as expected.I see a lot of negative reviews from people saying that the handling is bad with controllers...the simulation handling is not supposed to be used with a controller, I don't know why people play it like that and then say that the handling is the worst they have ever experienced.If you have a wheel and like dirt rally then the game is just as much fun (to me), I don't really notice that the handling is much different, my experience level was: in Dirt Rally I was in the masters league for career and on the daily/weekly/monthly events I was inbetween top splits and middle splits depending on the events and cars (not the greatest, but also not the worst)."
,Recommended,421020,33538447,Posted: 14 July,all,Gray,besides the garbage pace notes and repetitive stages this game is actually awesome.
76561197970466718,Not Recommended,421020,32513297,Posted: 17 June,all,Al Paca,"I have to remember to review this game as a Dirt game and not a Dirt Rally game. I was super excited to play with different cars on unique tracks with the same handling characteristics and physics as Dirt. However, it seems that's not exactly the case.When I first heard about this game, I thought you'd be able to ramp down the arcade of it all and make it really feel like a Dirt Rally experience with an arcade surrounding. Sadly, the arcade feel pokes through more than I would have liked. There's a disconnect between me and the car that doesn't exist in Dirt Rally. I feel like I'm controlling a 3D object instead of a car with real physics simulation. The feedback through the steering wheel feels good at first, but the car doesn't exactly do what I tell it to do based on my input. I feel like I'm wrestling with the programming of the game instead of the weight of the car.The tracks aren't bad but they are very bland. Sure, Dirt Rally would have you playing the same locations over and over with the same exact turns, but there were specifics to those turns and how the car handled over them with bad camber turns and inconsistencies in the road. In Dirt 4, I'm pretty sure I'm seeing the same exact turns 2 or 3 times within the same ""auto generated"" track, and not just by the turn itself, but trees and other objects are identical to the point of where I ask myself what lap am I on, then I realize it's a sprint run.The sound is not all that great, again, comparing this to Dirt Rally. The cones must be made of some high density metal in this game because it makes so much noise when you crawl over one at 2 miles an hour. I played around in Dirt Fish Rally open area to test the small details of the game and accelerating at .1mph makes the tires screech, so not exactly true to life. I get it, it's not a simulation, it's an arcade game with sim options, but still, attention to detail should exist regardless. There's too much music, too much crowd, too little focus on what's important at times, driving. The woman's voice for turns can be really annoying, especially when she tells me how great I am, just tell me the turns and be quiet. Again, all of this is a comparison to Dirt Rally.The graphics I feel are worse than Rally, detail was put into things that don't matter. I don't care how many and how good the people look at the start or finish, keep the detail in the road and audio, since that's where the immersion should be. The reflections are nicer, which is good but the track detail definitely took a hit.Overall, not a bad game. Just don't do what I did and expect a longer and more in depth version of Dirt Rally. This is Dirt 3 with the arcadeness of it all turned down by around 15% with “rally stages”. I will say though, the joy ride part is good fun.Happy driving!"
76561198078146754,Not Recommended,421020,33209218,Posted: 3 July,all,M.Z,"What is it? NFS? It will be better if you guys just grab the contents from DR and add some new cars and race tracks. Please, fix it."
76561198069147438,Not Recommended,421020,32834099,Posted: 26 June,all,BERKSHiREBoB,"Its a big jump backwards from Dirt Rally in every way. Graphics, physics, menu, career, gameplay, etc are all a step backwards. The good news is now that Dirt 4 is out im sure you can get Dirt Rally at a lower price. No contest here Dirt Rally is still the best Rally game ive played. This game is ok, but nothing near as good as the last installment of Dirt. Some tracks dip frames so bad it will make you crash. Im running a 7600k, 16gb of 2400mhz ram, GTX 1060 6gb, Samsung EVO 850 SSD, rm850 corsair psu."
,Not Recommended,421020,32310114,Posted: 9 June,all,Dynamite,"Trash, Do Not Buy."
,Recommended,421020,32282322,Posted: 8 June,all,Psychoza,"Graphics is a downgrade from Dirt rally, but the gameplay has been upgraded! Love the game so far! :)Would like to see more variaty in the stage creator..."
,Not Recommended,421020,32300699,Posted: 9 June,all,InsideByte,"Very dissapointed in this game, where do i start, well the graphics for a 2017 game are pretty crap could of been alot better, the little amount of content is extremely disappointing and the worst thing by far is the physics, it feels like a cheap arcade game."
76561197981049786,Not Recommended,421020,32328578,Posted: 10 June,all,R!no,"This is a very controversial game, but the main thing you need to know before buying this: it is still Dirt series, not Dirt Rally + Dirt.(+) The game has become more immersive in the atmosphere of the rally: the way to the marshal after the finish; broken cars at the curb and pilots are waving their hands; deep team management; service park atmospheric visualization. Seriously, I would like to see all of those things in Dirt Rally. Stupid teenage glamor and unserious fun of the previous parts of the game have gone. Its good.(+) The damage model looks good, but only from a visual point of view.(+) Music and some graphic effects, like rain and reflections on the road.(-) Horrible car control (Logitech G29). It's regarding the simulator mode. Few of the players piloted a real rally car, but many of them have experience in piloting a virtual one in the Richard Burns Rally and Dirt Rally - which are very close. Those games creates a representation for the player about how exactly rally car coud be controlled. In this part, everything has just changed, everything is illogical, the car does not obey, you do not feel the connection of the wheels with the coating. All piloting techniques (such as the Scandinavian flick, etc.) does not work. I start to feel that Dirt and Dirt Rally are developing by different teams. Why they just not put Dirt series physic into arcade mode, and Dirt Rally physics into simulator mode? Seriously, in this case I probably would not deside to request moneyback.(-) Stage generator. Yes! This is a drawback for a rally game! Ok. It is good if you have the possibility to race the original non-generated stage. But here, if I understand correct, you don't. The stages lose its ""face"". They all different and the same in same time! They loose interesting areas for ride, such as difficults turns, interesting straight lines, special areas on the stage. You start to notice a lot of repeating blocks and this is very noticeable and annoying. No Codemasters! The tracks need to be created from zero! Just make them as long as possible and then cut it for smaller stages.(-) Disgusting optimization.(-) Michigan. Really. Do not try to include the classic rally to USA! It looks... bad. USA is about X-Games, Rally Cross or someting, not about classic rally. On the place of Michigan should be Finland... Michigan is absolutely faceless tracks. Just long, boring, endless autumn forest...If you want to play sim rally - keep playing Dirt Rally (or maybe RBR). If you ""want some fun"" just play Dirt 2 - 3. CmR Dirt (1) is actually also not so bad, it's good espesially from the tracks point of view. But it just old..."
,Recommended,421020,32374329,Posted: 12 June,all,topsy,"I am seeing many reviews giving the game a thumbs down for not being ""Dirt Rally 2"". This is not a sequel to Dirt Rally. It's a sequel to Dirt 3. If you bear that in mind, it's a great game. A lot of fun."
76561198286774292,Not Recommended,421020,34431588,Posted: 22 August,all,YoloPipe,"Not that much of improvement in 4, dirt has passed its glory days.sigh. The only positive thing  in 4 is the driving school."
76561198271689399,Recommended,421020,32662799,Posted: 22 June,all,OoOOOooOof,60 over bumps
,Recommended,421020,32365922,Posted: 12 June,all,May,"If you want a really demanding rally game for your proper racing set-up, Rally is the better option.If you want a more casual, but still challenging rally game, DiRT 4 is a very good choice.There's nothing wrong with this game to merit a 'Mixed' on Steam, that's mostly the hardcore players who were expecting DiRT Rally 2, which this isn't.DiRT 4 looks and sounds great, has a lot of options for beginners as well as those who want more of a challenge, controls really well on a controller (more so than Rally on a controller) and runs just as well as Rally, that is to say that it runs very well."
,Recommended,421020,32396048,Posted: 13 June,all,Zek,"This game doesnt deserve all the hate its getting, more grip on the cars doesn't mean you should hate the game all together. anyone that says this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥is being way too picky."
76561198070908890,Recommended,421020,32282113,Posted: 8 June,all,Raven,I'm really enjoying it so far!
,Recommended,421020,32319209,Posted: 10 June,all,SkyGT,"many people compare dirt 4 with dirt rally, basically i didn't know much about dirt rally this is my first dirt game, and for me dirt 4 is great i love it .pros: have daily and weekly challengefun to playenough to make me challengingoptimized for pccons: for simulator gameplay i think it's little bit too easyin some area graphic looks dull, tress and grass looks ugly, and car texture need improvment (high quality graphic )multiplayer didn't work well, hard to find session (this the first reason i bought this game to play on multiplayer )i know this a dirt game, you need to hear your co driver but i would love to hear song or radio beside the co driver voice and make it as optional"
,Recommended,421020,32359917,Posted: 12 June,all,✪ Zotamite,Great! so much better than dirt 3 and rally.
76561198068194265,Recommended,421020,32288058,Posted: 9 June,all,Renaissance_Man,"Having played quite a few more hours I feel this best desribes my feelings for Dirt 4.*EDIT, after quite a few more hours gameplay I believe this game is great! Handling is just different, not arcadey at all. Give this to a console player on sim and it won't go well. Good depth and atmosphere and the new drivers and tweaks have made this game butter smooth full settings on a GTX 980. Cars have feeling and you can totally play with the setuo of the cars to make them feel more like you're used to, i.e more rear brake bias and softening up the force in the breaking. I'm completely loving it now, keep getting the ""just one more stage"" feeling.PROS+Butter smooth FPS+Nice environment change from Dirt Rally+Much improved FFB+Fantastic weather and overal graphical improvement+Land rush & Rally cross good additions+My stage creates a ton of variety+Very good feeling of weight in the cars+My team & RPG elements are addictive+Overal new layout & Polish+Soundtrack and lots more.......CONS-Would like a more personalised MY TEAM approach (skin options & helmet design, more face options and so on.-The little buggies in land rush are a nightmare to drive, feel like degrees of rotation is like 300-Create a stage doesn't have enough variety-missing some great stages.... FINLAND!-not enough tarmac optionsOverasl though my opinion has risen from this being a fairly good game to a pretty damn excellent one.If this was another franchise instead of Codies making this people would say WOW what a great rally game and compare it to Dirt Rally like they do with COD and Battle field, you like one or the other more. It's better in so many ways, it's just the handling mode/physics are different, not worse!"
,Recommended,421020,32819420,Posted: 26 June,all,Jake,Get caffeinated and keep your eyes peeled! You're in for a wild ride!!
,Recommended,421020,32282432,Posted: 8 June,all,Rom3oRx8,A bigger and better upgrade to other Dirt Games.. Finally a worthy rally simulator even better than Dirt Rally..
76561198059826073,Recommended,421020,32549266,Posted: 18 June,all,z0n4l,if u liked dirt rally then dont buy if u liked dirt3 then buy simple
76561198024016844,Not Recommended,421020,32724016,Posted: 24 June,all,LOUW,"Personaly I love the dirt series but on this game I dont know wtf they where thinking. The forcefeed setting is so freken weerd when it's set to default. And then after you fix that problem whe go to sound. Cars sound almost better than real life in my opinion but the rest of the sound like gravel and gear changes are louder than the engine it self(very distracting!), and rally cars are LOUD! in real life. Then whe go to the in game settings. Dirt Rally automaticaly put it to manual gear and H shifter with clutch depending on the car type, but in Dirt 4 you have to go in eatch car menu to see if it is manual or H shift and then before every race you have to go set it in setttings and that sucks balls! Over all I'm very dissappointed in this game. My rating for this game would be a 5/10 keeping in mind I love Dirt rally 8/10. Do not buy if you are a Simualtion driver."
,Recommended,421020,32304998,Posted: 9 June,all,Wolfie Fox,Been playing this game for 7 hours now and I'm really enjoying it! :DVery addictive and the soundtrack is great too :)My only gripe is that there is no Opel/Vauxhall Astra in the game :p
,Recommended,421020,32806036,Posted: 26 June,all,2ndAim,best racing game ever.. love u codemastergame with VAC enabled = auto thumbs up!!
76561198084881507,Recommended,421020,33789223,Posted: 25 July,all,CptCookiediet,"While I would still recommend this game for... well... mainly people who figured Dirt Rally was too hard, I have applied for a refund. Although I only have like 1 hour and 20 minutes into this game, I decided it's not worth the 54 bucks you gotta fork over to play this game.I spent more time in loading screens and stuff around the actual rally driving than driving itself. Mainly because the stages are supershort. It's unfair to compare this game to Dirt Rally because it's not Dirt Rally, but in that game a stage took you around 6-10 minutes to finish. In Dirt 4 the average stage takes about 2-2.30 minutes. After which you finish and have to drive over to some dude at the end. Well screw that. I don't really feel as immersed as I did in Dirt Rally.It has a wider offer of principles you can partake in, but I don't care for rallycross or the other stuff, and the amount of rally content would be worth like 20 bucks. If you do play this game, don't play it on the just for fun setting. You can pretty much keep the gas down in all corners except for hairpins. It's not fun at all.While I usually get in 2nd or 3rd place in championships in Dirt Rally it really puts a lot of tension on my frail little heart. I was hoping this would be kind of the same, just a little more forgiving, but everything feels different. Ergo, if you like rallycross and rally and all the other stuff in the game, buy it. If you just like the rally part, wait for a discount."
,Recommended,421020,32282137,Posted: 8 June,all,Loved,<3
,Recommended,421020,32292511,Posted: 9 June,all,legocrazy505,Personally I think the negative reviews because it's not Dirt Rally 2 are a tad unfair. If you like Dirt 3 and want something new this is for you and you can probably therefore ignore much of the salt present. Some improvements and bug fixes needed currently to FFB (had a case where FFB just suddenly became non-existant) and sure the graphics are not Project Cars 2 or anything but I personally don't notice it much when driving.Also forgot to add that haven't noticed any major performance issues honestly but for those struggling I say give it a few days for any patch and also update to the new drivers that just came out.
,Recommended,421020,32294922,Posted: 9 June,all,thomas18,"The game is great, good fun, personally on par with Dirt Rally in handling. For people who say it isnt as good, have you tried the real rallying to say that its any better or worse, if you havent then you can't justify putting a downvote because the simulation isnt as good as the real thing, if youve tried for real and then this isnt as good then yeah fair enough.TL:DR : Buy it, you won't be disappointed"
,Recommended,421020,32283491,Posted: 8 June,all,Drpoppler,"Much better than dirt rally. Cars aren't weightless and float/slide around the track. They are planted and have good grip. A lot of reviews are knocking it for this but I don't think they realize that these cars have insane amounts of grip and to get it to be sliding smoothly through the course you gotta be on full attack. Mashing the gas pedal and turning the wheel sharp and holding doesn't work in real life, that's why it doesn't work in the sim of dirt 4"
76561198017085203,Recommended,421020,32342629,Posted: 11 June,all,Sultan_Woles,"this game good, it's not DiRT Rally 2 so it is more arcade style."
,Recommended,421020,33421342,Posted: 9 July,all,Steve-Jobs-LSD-dealer,The graphics are pretty good for running on a 960. I love all the cars and the physics engine that they used. can be a little glitchey at times but all in all is a good game.
76561198210955144,Recommended,421020,35192813,Posted: 24 September,all,abood_a92,Nice game worth experimenting with.
,Recommended,421020,33995563,Posted: 3 August,all,Stvafel,"Playing in ""Simulation"" mode using an Xbox360 controller is possible, if you like a challenge.It's tricky, and fun to play with the tuning settings, trying to make your car stick to the gravel as much as possible.Some have hyped the ""Your stage"" aspect of the game, where you can generate a brand new stage as if you're playing the ""Labyrinth"" board game, it's like cutting and pasting turns together until it forms a full stage. I think that ""Your stage"" seems like an interesting concept, but I have two pain points:1. I can't seem to generate a stage that is a 15km straight line, no matter how much i lower the ""Complexity"" parameter of the stage generation.2. From what I can tell, it seems that instead of replicating the stages for the Career mode based on the real courses, castles, cattle and all, as done in DiRT Rally, the Career courses are either fictive, or made up of the same bits and pieces used in ""Your stage"", pasted together in order to approximate the real thing. This means that you might see the exact same turn twice in a row in some cases."
,Recommended,421020,33740095,Posted: 23 July,all,Hopeless,"Dirt4 is a bitter-sweet affair in my opinion.  It built upon Dirt Rally and Dirt 3 in many ways but there are a few things that leave me wanting.Pros:+ Visually stunning and runs well.+ Changable weather in stage adds extra challenge (duststorms in Australia are murder!).+ Small touches such as random stage events are a nice extra boost to immersion.+ A good selection of vehicles and a team management (more on this in a bit).+ Choosing between handling modes is great to attract more people to the game.Cons:- The live stage feature that was inspired by Grid 2's similar course generating system leaves uninspiring courses that you can count where various sections have been reused within stage (I counted 3 significant course elements repeated 3 times during a 10 mile stage).  I don't think this feature was particularly outstanding in many people's mind when Grid 2 launched originally.- Sponser objectives are not varied enough to actually change up the way you drive to meet them (e.g. x number of clean stages or x number of fastest splits seem to continously come up.- Pro stage matchmaking has only ever matched me twice despite logging in repeatedly almost daily.Suggestions:Dirt4 still is really a new game and I'm sure that Codies are still working on it.  Most of the con's that I have listed were mainly due to trying to keep working hours down but you still really can't beat blasting through stages like Sweet Lamb where each turn feels unique. The amount of locations have been brought up time and time again across the threads with people saying that Michigan is a cheap replacement for Finland is something that I agree with.  In Dirt 3, Michigan had a totally different feel to Dirt4's interpretation and I would have felt that the former's direction would have been a better choice.  I am expecting that Codies probably has the idea of adding locations from Dirt Rally and even Dirt 2 into the game and I feel that it would be a good move.  Events such Malaysia and LA would provide a different spin and challenges on what is currently on offer.The absence of Trailblazer events and Hillclimb (mainly due to the licensing issue with Pikes Peaks) also leaves a hole that can be filled.  Trailblazer events in previous games used combined rally stages to form the tracks, surely the engine improvements here can do the same thing as we already have stages over 10 miles long?  Maybe a return to Japan should be on the cards as an alternative to Pikes Peaks. We have seen touge in the Grid series so could it be a too larger leap to incorporate it here?  We also see many hillclimb events in Europe too so maybe that can be an alternative to the classic american location?Overall:Dirt 4 like Grid 2 was a sequel that was excellent in many ways but flawed in others.  It is still an enjoyable thrash into the world of offroad racing but this is not Dirt 2 or the original CMR series reimagined.  Codemasters have done an excellent job so far with the game and I'm sure we will hear news about what is in the pipeline for the future soon, but I think we should take a step back and look at it's main competitors which used Early Access (like Dirt Rally) and Betas to actually produce a game where it felt more complete.  Maybe closer working with the community for the next Dirt which doesn't have the same time constraints that the F1 series would be beneficial for all.  I see Dirt4 has a lot of potential so currently recommending it but please Codemasters, don't let this title grow stale."
,Recommended,421020,32306282,Posted: 9 June,all,[420]Ed,great game
76561197965778888,Not Recommended,421020,35419940,Posted: 2 October,all,TestTestTest,"The handling was just weird.That wasn't a problem for previous Codemasters games.I rarely return games but I returned this.Also, people who use keyboards say this game is absolutely unplayable. That also wasn't a problem for previous Codemasters games.I love the idea of the game but the handling was just too weird and awful."
76561198002234533,Not Recommended,421020,32306088,Posted: 9 June,all,Paco,"In the words of ""Phoenix"" who posted his review, he took the words right out of my mouth. This game sucks so bad I can't believe I wasted a penny on it!! Don't buy it it's junk, junk, junk!!!!!!!From his post by ""Phoenix""""If you're a sim racer with a nice racing rig and you enjoyed Dirt Rally a lot (as I did) then be prepared for a huge disappointment in the physics department.""I think he's putting very mildly. It blows BIG turds and is a waste of money. I can't believe I spent money on this hunk of crap junk pile. :("
76561198324578785,Not Recommended,421020,32364028,Posted: 12 June,all,airlines777,"After playing many hours.... here are my impressions of DIRT 4.The positive or good of the game:1) 12 SS per event / rally in free mode. If we put all the stages in maximum we arrivealmost to the 160/180 km by rally! Fantastic.2) The end of each stage does not end unreal and abruptly as DIRT RALLY... so but we aredriving a few meters more to the marshal and stop, fantastic also, much more real.3) 60/90 competitors divided into two/three classes in career mode !! Great !! We finally runtwo or three different classes at the same time.And here this point has two bad things... the first that in free mode only runs oneclass (30 competitors) and there is no championship of constructors (brands)...Negative or bad game.1) 5 Locations... is unacceptable. Simple as that. And the first day of playing and I'mbored, are very identical, a shame what they have given us .... Codemaseter alreadyhad the map of: Monte Carlo, Germany, Finland and Greece!!! It cost nothing to do onemore and we had 10 locations... Really the worst thing away from the game of DIRT RALLY 4almost that you have to consider buying it or not because the stages for more than thisthe ""your stage ""After a few days they become very monotonous and similar environments...also it is incredible that in DIRT RALLY there were 6 locations and here they give us 5..Incredible that a new game has less than the previous one instead of giving us morelocations! Disastrous Codemaster decision.2) The only one rally of asphalt (Spain) the routes are hyper monotones, all routesdouble hand... no narrow routes nor monaco style or san remo... none of that, veryugly the environment of tarragona.3) Again they make the same mistake again in DIRT RALLY... and it's like the timesshow !!!! Where they saw the boys of codemaster the times in rally asi:148: 25,478 (That translated would be: 2h 28m 25s 478/1000......) horrible,frightening way to show the times ... something never seen in the WRC since they createdthe races in general... neither in rally nor anywhere are shown like this...And what is worse... in this DIRT 4... There is no difference with the first and theprevious !!!!!!! Incredible !!!! Unacceptable! We have to take calculating by handTo know the difference from time there is between us and the first and us and theprevious and the last one driver that goes behind ours... very bad...The conclusion both me and 5 friends that we were fanatics of DIRT RALLY despite being abig lie that few realized, DIRT RALLY had only 2 stages per location ... that wererunning in reverse and in small sections of those same Stages ... making us believe thatthere were 12SS for Rally.With that in the end never again as much as I and my 5 friends are going back to buy agame more of Codemaster.The ""race mod"" is worse than DIRT RALLY, the physics a bit more arcade even in simulation mode, in short except ""your stage"" this DIRT 4 is worse than DIRT RALLY."
,Not Recommended,421020,32364529,Posted: 12 June,all,Blue Gloves,If your a newcomer to the DiRT Series this is a pretty good start I would say...But if your like me and love the Sim side of Codemasters games then....it's up to you on how you feel on it...but for me I don't like it. It just doesn't get my adrenaline pumpin like DiRT Rally does when I hit corners...also it gris like insanely to much...and also you shoud not need to use as much handbrake as it feels its requiring you to use...So for me it's a NO!
76561197972044764,Recommended,421020,32286208,Posted: 9 June,all,KyleAssassin,It's better than Call of Duty.
76561197991843524,Not Recommended,421020,32304216,Posted: 9 June,all,Philleflow,"Im dísappointed. It isnt a bad game i think most people gonna enjoy it, but nothing compared to Dirt Rally wish i loved for its feeling and on the limit reward in my opinion. I hope the game improves with patches etc. Exept the driving there are many improvements and a more complete game."
76561197961955941,Not Recommended,421020,32453431,Posted: 15 June,all,°ToKen | WoMan°,"I do not compare it with DRso its worse for an arcade racer...WHATS UP ""Cheatmasters""- stearing with xbox Elite pad is crap - speak for ""sim mode""- looks like there is some calculation in backround which kicks in - very cheap- water flat surface and effects in 4K are a ultrajoke- other cars crash yours and nothing happens to them ... your car goes completely crazy..- if you touch a fence its like you are a rubber ball- overall some ""outdated"" visuals  - if you do some arcadishfunracer it has to be fun to drive and look fancy - check out forza- driving school is nice - but what for- speakers/ voice in the game are/is complete wrong - i hate this repetition- biggest plus for voice is - the player DUDE atitude is gone ...- tracks are boring, presentation flat, game is to short - if you just play the career- important - in all CM Dirt 1-x - the AI and your driving time are different for inside and outside camera angle you are using (you can compare it with a fast and short part of a rally stage )- enough examples given .. main reason to do this comment (no full review) - for me it feels more like a step backwarts instead to improve in the most important parts for such a game++ it is an average game - but i am glad there are devs to support this kind of racing gamesSorry i love you Codies for creating DR - but why should i give some love to such a cheap uninspired product"
,Not Recommended,421020,34109634,Posted: 8 August,all,Strategic Owl,"Just get Dirt Rally if you're looking for a ""Sim"". I recommend this if you're into different types of racing, but Dirt Rally is so much better than this if you're mainly into Rally. The ""Generated"" levels aren't even technical when set to max technicality and it's just a gimmick.Get this if you want an arcade racer. Don't get this if you expect it to be a Dirt Rally 2."
,Recommended,421020,32337087,Posted: 11 June,all,ZiEGE,:)
76561198015586172,Recommended,421020,34903583,Posted: 12 September,all,2SUR5,"@ first i didn`t want to buy this game because of a lot bad reviews ,but it went in a weekend sale and bought it.best decision i ever made .this game is just another great rally game with a few adjustmenst to de ffb wich i got from da community its driving great.4 all u wenkers out there stop da negativity and lurn how 2 rally drive.come on and buy this game we need players online a lotcan`t cope if they stop making dirt games    please buy"
,Recommended,421020,32607001,Posted: 20 June,all,Traxamillion,Its good.
76561198121867018,Recommended,421020,32682194,Posted: 23 June,all,TexasRaz,Another must have rally sim!!!
,Recommended,421020,32325444,Posted: 10 June,all,Flex09,Press esc to quit
76561198130344217,Recommended,421020,33432121,Posted: 10 July,all,HMS Bottom Gear,"For those who prefer DirtRally to Dirt3, I do not suggest this game at this point. From the point of view of DirtRally, the controls are quite arcady even though I did use simulation settings.Pro: ~Foot braking feels realistic;~Water splash is better than that in DirtRally~Weight transfer is more obvious visually than DirtRally~There is a female navigator hahaha lol~Pretty easy to jump into an AWD R5 so I do not need to stick to a FWD for a long timeCon:~Hand braking is butter brake, when using handbrake to increase sideways, it works when holding handbrake but once released the car would return to understeering;~ Front wheel grip is incredibly high, some corners of 4 or 5 that requires a tap of brake in DirtRally can be handled by simply steering;~The car seems to be slow visually even with R5 cars~ Not a wide range for tuning, can only be operated in a small range~ Some stage sections in a single stage are repeatedAt the moment of waiting for patches for game physics, I still enjoy the music in the game ^o^"
76561198312640977,Recommended,421020,34103593,Posted: 8 August,all,D3VILxWAR_YT,the graphics arent the best but lets face it its about gameplay and graphics isnt number one its gameplay and physics etc but i do feel as this is better than dirt 2 but only about an inch i played dirt 2 on my xbox 360 and it was one of my favourite games but when it was removed from steam i was pretty annoyed but i digress i would recomend this game to anyone who likes rally and the whole dirt series if you followed it but again the gameplay is very good graphics are good but they couldve done a bit better because it is the 21st century but the cars are very detailed  and there is a lot of content for you to explore its very fun and very realistic as you can make your own team brand it etc the only thing i would say is bad about the game is the ai because sometimes it can be a bit too aggressive but even that isnt too bad so i would say the game is worth the money and you should buy it
,Not Recommended,421020,33538638,Posted: 14 July,all,Wooddab,"The game is promising for many features such as the new campaign style and many other minor features, however the handling doesn't feel like you would expect. I play with Fanatec CSL Elite and it works perfectly on Dirt Rally, however Dirt 4 feels much more arcade-like even with all assists turned off. Try it and get a refund if its not up to your standards, as it wasn't to mine."
,Not Recommended,421020,32691765,Posted: 23 June,all,저스틴,"Overall, Dirt 4 is a good game, but comparing it to Dirt Rally is inevitable. It has a good variety of game modes, cars, and tracks that makes driving fun (or frustrating) with a wheel or controller.Your Stage is a good idea, but like with almost anything procedurally-generated, patterns are easily identified.Graphics are nice and pretty, but it looks like it requires more power than Dirt Rally does.Sound is ok, but it feels like Dirt Rally's sound had better processing. It made me feel like I'm really in the car.Gameplay and handling are a bit vague with a wheel. I can't feel the car enough. I never know if I'm going too fast for a corner. I don't get a proper sense of speed, even when everything around me is blurred as I fly past the crowd and trees, redlining on 6th gear.Customization and team management are cool.Dirt Academy is cool.Co-drivers are different now. While I have a variety of voices and languages to choose from, the call outs sound too static and immersion-breaking, compared to Dirt Rally. The comments before and after a stage are cool though.I realize that I have more negative things to say than positive. I think these can be adjusted in the future by Codemasters. There are a few other things that might need fixing, but really, I just wish steering did not feel vague and weird. It can still be a fun game if you can deal with the steering. So as of now, at this price, look for Dirt 3 or Dirt Rally if you haven't already, or maybe something else."
76561198116645195,Recommended,421020,32297831,Posted: 9 June,all,guidot6,very good
,Recommended,421020,32305227,Posted: 9 June,all,nathansmith2009,Well where to begin i don't write many reviews but this game ... is ... amazing the graphics am really good and i get on average around 50-70 fps with some settings on ultra. Which in my eyes is a win win when the computer i have is £650 and is classed as an entry level computer.The game play allows you to choose between 2 play styles as well so if you are an arcade type of racer then you can choose gamer or if you am a sim fan you can choose sim playstyle.Something i loved about this game and what brought me to it the most is running your own rally team i love a good management game and this has some good ideas. I like how you can upgrade your facilities so that your team can perform better like engineers get a boost and your pr team can get a boost which gets better contracts.A great game mode for me was landrush the close door to door racing had me trying to anticipate where my rivals would go so i could either slip past or try blocking them off. I even managed to win an entire event to which i was then awarded a new vehicle and that actually surprised me as i thought id have to do more events to get the cash to buy the new car so i could race in the next championship.Another thing i liked and i think they did well was they Didn't just give you everything up front they actually make to race for it so if i wanted to race in a mk2 escort id have to race in another car get the money then buy the car so i could then use it in different game modes some how ever do allow you to use another teams car but you don't earn the full amount of creditsI know this probably isnt a really detailed review but i feel everyone puts games down before really playing it ive now played 7.1hrs which i believe is a good amount of gameplay before writing a review.I had 2 problems with my game1) i didnt pre order so didn't get the bonus car and event2) i had to turn it off to go to sleep 😂
76561197970472011,Recommended,421020,32304818,Posted: 9 June,all,Phillip7411,This game is great. Wheel is the way to go. Not a sim but stiil a challenge. Lots of fun. Make sure you have a good pc. Not as good as Dirt rally graphics but my 1080 ti's  in 4k at 3820 X  2160 make it sure look good.
76561198384765222,Recommended,421020,35167836,Posted: 23 September,all,game_man-justy,DIRT 4...what can I say - BEAUTIFUL GAME!!!  In every way a racing game can be beautiful.  LOVIN' IT!!
76561198145897471,Not Recommended,421020,32300559,Posted: 9 June,all,fluxcore6,refund!!!
,Not Recommended,421020,32323283,Posted: 10 June,all,Hjelmern [1.KP],"While it generally has more variety then Dirt Rally, that is really all it has going for it.It looks, sounds and feel worse then it's predecessor.The cheesy voice acting has made a return, the career mode is much more linear and there is no Track Ir support."
76561198056468280,Not Recommended,421020,32420801,Posted: 14 June,all,R3d Baron,"Sent Steam a refund request.  Every car I've driven feels numb and unpredictable right out of the box when compared to their DiRT Rally counterparts.  It's just not fun.  I was really excited about the ""simulation"" mode, but it feels nothing like DiRT Rally.  Very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,421020,32342447,Posted: 11 June,all,MrGrehn,"Sad to say that Dirt 4 isnt that game i expected. i thoght it was more like dirt rally, it was a clonky feeling to it and the cars acted weird etc. when i played it i instally regret buying it. think if you want a racing game you can play countless hours on try Dirt rally.but for this game i will give it a 2/10..."
76561198093673602,Not Recommended,421020,32782324,Posted: 25 June,all,powerverde,"The game has great potencial but the rear drive vehicles are way off reality. I own a rear drivecar in RL and if my car would react so badly as in this game, well, there would be no drivers from the 70's/80's anymore,"
,Not Recommended,421020,32284440,Posted: 8 June,all,Gunz,"This game is litteraly just a reskin of Dirt Rally. The Rally track generate is pretty cool, but its the only stand out feature of this game. The game has a TON of optimization issues, a seriously short campaign, and little to no multiplayer features. When compared to Dirt 3, which has a much more extensive campaign, a lot more featured multiplayer modes, and about 5 times more track selection, this game is NOT worth your time. I spent 4 hours and was more than 70% of the way through the campaign. This is a cleverly disguised cash grab by CodeMasters, and that's honestly really sad as i thoroughly enjoyed Dirt 2, 3 and Rally. Dirt 4 pales in comparison."
76561198059770560,Not Recommended,421020,32452553,Posted: 15 June,all,DirtyBirdy,"Codemasters, you are liars... after such a masterpiece Dirt Rally... so disappointing.What happened with the graphics? ULTRA settings look like it's from past decade.Tracks? All the same compiled with the help of ""your stage"" - identical repeating corners, bridges and other nonsense.Animals? What is this a joke or something? No surprise for some stupid arcades out there, but here.....Handling? So unstable and unpredictable... Dirt Rally was a joy to ride.P.S. Kris Meeke, now I know why you are so unlucky in WRC at the moment - it's karma.Same goes to other ""participants"" in this ""fearless"" shame."
76561198059402045,Not Recommended,421020,33961529,Posted: 1 August,all,ergorapido,"Dont get me wrong, the game isnt bad. However there are a lot of negatives with this game.The first time i launch it it crashes when i want to switch the driving modes in the tutorial race and the multiplayer seems to be rather dead.Like i said, it isnt a bad game but I cant help but feel dissapointed that i didnt get dirt rally instead"
76561198034143880,Not Recommended,421020,35030070,Posted: 17 September,all,PocketRocket69,"its not a bad game, its actually a quite good game. the problem is its just not even half as good as dirt2 (which was by far the best one of the dirt series)its a bit weird that they didn't manage to make a game as good or better in 6 years, this one is about as good as dirt 1 i'd say and quite a bit better than the last one (dirt rally). that is mainly bc it has more different kind of races like the stadium trucks and that cars don't handle as if they constantly have flat tires and won't ever go straight.having played dirt 2 and then getting this one presented as the new one is just a serious disappointment considering that they left the best stuff out. raid ,trophy trucks, rally trucks, gymkana and more is simply missing. apart from that one thing that i really like about dirt 2 and some older titles which was racing the rally with all the other cars being on the same track so they could catch up with you or you could overtake them is missing as well. it really seems like this one is just a light version of the old awesome dirt2. i really don't get why they leave the best stuff out???!!!one thing that is new in this one is the random stage generator or what you wanna call it bc it certainly isn't a level editor.in general this is a good thing and adds to the replayabilty value of the game but they even screwed that up quite a bit. the way it works is that a stage can be randomly generated by taking sections and putting them together in a different order. well that sounds good and like they were saying a circuit driver sees a corner many times during a race and a rally driver sees many corners once... well not in this game bc they were a bit to lazy to make a lot of different ones so you waill have the exact corners multiple times on one stage even its not a circuit... mmh that just doesn't make sense does it?! actually its just confusing and annoying. as if that is not enough of a pisstake they generated all the rally stages that way so you have to deal with that all the way through the game even you don't even get involved with the random stage generator at all. thats just a real lazy way to make a game i'd say and its not worth what they are charging and i think they should've called it random stage generator and sold it as an add on for dirt rally or even better just make a perfect rally game again like dirt 2 that'd be better and up to date.looks like i said a lot of bad things about this game now but i actually do really enjoy playing it. so i can't really say i don't recommend playing nor can i say i do recommenend it but i do have to make a choice since there aren't horizental thumps on steam.... hmm what it i gonna be? well i'd say if you want the perfect rally game, play dirt2 if you did that already get this one anyway when its on sale. i don't regret it and its fun. the stages are more forgetable and less nice and interesting but still fun enough.p.s. choosing not to recommend it for now with the hope that the developers deliver something as good as dirt 2 or at least and maybe a proper stage editor"
,Not Recommended,421020,32298964,Posted: 9 June,all,transmitthis,"I was hoping for a bit more Rally and a bit less DirtThe graphics are just killing me, even I can make better grass,than a few stalks on a flat plane, and optimised to run in game too.The cars I've seen in the 2hour refund window look nice, and they have good damage models.but driving was amazingly boring, in both modes.This is no upgrade for DirtRally,Maybe, just maybe it gets better later with other tracks and faster cars,but I'm not taking the chance, there were too many little things that were sending up warning signals.If they had confidence in thier game, they would have put in a ""starter"" - a couple of laps around thier bast track in a good car so you can get a feel of how things will be. then put you back at the start of the carear.No, I couldn't reccomend it at present not for £45They would have been much better off just releasing these car models and some new tracks to DirtRally and forgo this one altgether."
76561198313708151,Recommended,421020,33619801,Posted: 17 July,all,Rheyza,"Amazing game! Buy it.Dont listen to the bad reviews those people are inbread crack babies.I play with a T300 RS GT Edition Racing wheel with a TH8A Shifter which i have set up as an analog handbrake. All attached to a GT Art wheel stand. I Highly recommend this setup.Theres alot of MISINFORMATION out there about this game when it comes to how the cars feel regarding the under steeryness. All it is is the safe base line setups of the cars. You only need to learn a little about car setups to get a more balls to the walls agressive feel out of the cars if thats what u want.Also there is misleading information regarding the FFB. Research and experimentaion here is key.I have found that if you have the self aligning torque too high that can drown out the detail of the other forces. So i have that set fairly low at 60 but am today going to experiment with it at 65.The other 5 settings below that, i have all set at the same number and fairly high at 120. This gives me allot of detail in the wheel.Now. Also very important. In the global setting for your wheel, which is not in the game (for me its the thrustmaster controll pannel) i have rotation angle set to 540 degrees. This will make is so smaller left and right movements on the wheel give a larger effect. Very important for rally.Also in the gain settings i have the overall strength of all forces set to 75 (keep in mind this is for the T300 RS)Constant and periodic both set to - 100%Spring and damper set to - 0%Auto centre set to - by gameDont take any of this as gods word. I might change some of this at a later date, i dont know.I can say as it is it feels pretty damb good.Research and experiment yourself."
76561197978977853,Recommended,421020,33836886,Posted: 27 July,all,Bonito,I don´t know why this game is so boring!!!!
,Recommended,421020,32319225,Posted: 10 June,all,Buzz Lightyear,Went out on the first stage in Career Mode with the Opel - Made a roll over the finish line because i was going too fast!10/10 Would roll again
76561198040087300,Recommended,421020,32702645,Posted: 23 June,all,bmzerkel,Don't believe the haters. I've been playing pc racing games since the late 90's and this is worth picking up
,Recommended,421020,32301177,Posted: 9 June,all,riotsquad,"First off I want to say where I come from, I've played all the Forza motorsports apart from 6 (I did play the demo of it and a little of Apex) and I've played the 3 horizon's. (I never played any of the Dirt's, the last Codemaster rally game I played was the second of Colin McRae)For me this is great, especially the land rush (I think that's what it's called) as it has some of the Forza ""simulation"" (less than brutal arcade handling in other words) while keeping the fun of a pure arcade racer such as NFS Underground. (much like the horizon's)It is a very nice gamr for the ""casual sim"" gamer, it is not sim but it's not pure arcade, anyone playing any of the Horizon's would feel right at home playing this. (granted this has a tad more frustration due to not having a mini map but the co-pilot gives you the clues you need for what's upcoming)"
,Recommended,421020,32294399,Posted: 9 June,all,Limes,Yeee
76561198307429553,Recommended,421020,33997005,Posted: 3 August,all,R.,I never played any dirt games and i can say that this game is just awesome i recommend you to play it beacuse graphics are awesome game is awesome you should definatly try it out
76561198003218527,Not Recommended,421020,32289381,Posted: 9 June,all,Alma,i have no words to describe my disappointment.......I can't believe...........................
,Recommended,421020,32285837,Posted: 9 June,all,Wombat,"Time for another ""Wombat Review"" this time on DiRT 4;Good stuffYou have plenty of stuff to doThe difficulty customization is pretty goodGame is cool and niceHas group 🅱 carsThe stage randomizer things pretty coolBad stuffNot Ape EscapePrice is a little high being $81 AUDgame appeals to filthy casuals and its not supa dupa xteme simulator sebastion loeb editonGraphixz are pretty okayish but not as cool and nice as dirt rallysThat one stage where the pace notes say right 4 but is actually a left 2i give it 0/10 not ape escape.(I actually give it a solid 8/10 some of the arcady feel and the graphics bring it down to 8 but overall its still a really fun game also codemasters my dudes wheres that v8 supercars 2 remake??)If you made it this far congrats theres a chance you now have stage 42 autismBut seriously please stop making reviews complainging about how this game is not dirt rally. Noone caresAlso pls ecsuse bad english i am from moon"
76561197976377443,Not Recommended,421020,32415504,Posted: 14 June,all,Steen DK,At the moment the game is broken. The cars are glued to the road... until they finally let go and you go flying off the track. Remember how you could slide the cars through turns in Dirt Rally? You can forget about doing that in Dirt 4. And that is how you're supposed to drive a rally car: sideways.Such a shame. Hopefully they will patch the game at some point and make the cars fun to drive.
,Not Recommended,421020,32351308,Posted: 11 June,all,Captain Whiskers,"Haven't been able to play the past 2 days because of an update that won't finish. (and no it's not my internet, other games install/update just fine)."
76561197970661260,Not Recommended,421020,32941868,Posted: 28 June,all,Mystics96,"No good, Dirt 2, 3 and rally were good games, don't know what happened with this one but I am very disappointed.  Gameplay just seems bad and graphics not up to my expectations, what a disappointment."
76561198096268411,Not Recommended,421020,33526197,Posted: 13 July,all,[RAC AP]SimpleSea[Monster™],GIVE IT UP. CM NEED TO FOCUS ON RALLY BECAUSE THIS IS THE THING PLAYERS GET CRAZY ABOUT. WHO CARE STUPID BUGGY AND MONSTER TRUCK? SAVE IT AND IMPROVE HANDLING FOR RALLY AND RALLYCROSS ON TOP.
,Recommended,421020,32288550,Posted: 9 June,all,Sensei,"Dirt 4 akşam indirdim ve henüz 1-2 etap geçebildim.Dirt rally e göre görsel efectler, menü düzenlemeleri  anlamında oldukçagöze hoş gelen gelişmeler var.g25 900 derece kullanıyorum normalde dirt rally ayarları işe yarar sandım ama, yeni fizikler  eski ayarları yararsız hale getirmiş.Career için champ modda 5-6 toprak yarış sonrasıda  1-2 etap kazanabildim :) şimdi spaine geçtim ama 306 kit car ile asfalt fizikleri biraz tuhaf geldi.Direksiyon tepkileri falan saçma gibi şu an.Sanki yanlış bir şeyler var.Sabah update gelmiş ama ne için olduğu konusunda açıklama yok.Direksiyon için olabilir :)Şimdilik bu kadar, progress ilerledikçe yeni yorumlarım olacak."
,Not Recommended,421020,32291042,Posted: 9 June,all,HEATHEN Y,"If Dirt Rally is 9/10,and this Dirt 4 is a 4/10  s h i t . Are u serious codemaster?无论画面（各种画面细节，比如车身上的雨滴效果。环境赛道的光影，树木，道路几乎就是尘埃3的高清版而已。），手感（没有了尘埃拉力的那种细腻的手感，车辆操控以及车身重量传达到手柄的反馈感。尘埃4手感几乎就跟3代一样，轻飘飘，即便是选择拟真手感设置。）以及各个方面都很令人失望。如果跟尘埃3（6年前的游戏）相比的话，也算是合格，但也只是合格。但是跟尘埃拉力比，我只想说一句话：尘埃4，你他妈这是在逗我吗？白期待了这么久，失望。退款中。"
,Recommended,421020,33043635,Posted: 30 June,all,Hopefiend,A
,Recommended,421020,32284270,Posted: 8 June,all,一归何处,When can I buy the soundtrack?
,Not Recommended,421020,32365704,Posted: 12 June,all,MG | Astral,"DiRT 4?, DiRT 3 or DiRT Rally? (Disclaimer i haven't actually played DiRT Rally)I have to say this game is bitterly Disappointing. There are some positives over both DiRT Rally and DiRT 3 however i feel these are limited. The career is more in depth with the ability to create your own racing team and the overall expereince with multiple class drivers makes the environment better than DiRT 3. The multiplayer also seems to have some cool new game modes which are defintely better than DiRT 3.So whats the problem? I understand that the hardcore rally fans want the true rally expereince, and with all the positive reviews it receives, go pick up DiRT Rally it's that simple this game isn't a follow on to it because its not DiRT Rally 2 its DiRT 4. If you want a fun rally racing game to mess around with and have a laugh with your mates then i'm here to talk to you. First of all the graphics are poor, they're not terrible don't get me wrong but they are exactly the same as DiRT 3 there's simply no improvement. The arcade car control for racing is poor, steering feels awkward grip is too high and for a multiplayer racer, DiRT 3 in my opinion is much more fun to drive on. The fact that despite this being a new game for £45 and yet there's still only 5 driving locations is also a bitter disappointment. If you want a rally simulator get DiRT Rally, if you want fun racing and a laugh with your mates at a fraction of the price. Get DiRT 3 this game is worth £20 maybe £25? Not £45 save your money."
76561197971077003,Recommended,421020,34649109,Posted: 31 August,all,| A§§a§§in |,"This is a fun game with fun cars, if ya dont like it, don't bag it, just don't buy it.. ;)"
,Not Recommended,421020,32545011,Posted: 18 June,all,Morrisey,Dont get me wrong this game is good for anyone not using a wheel. First 4 hours of gamplay was good. Driving was not Dirt rally but was still fun. The problems i have with this game is that the game suttrers every 5 seconds ish when i plug my wheel in. And for that i cant recommend this game yet for people wanting to play this with a wheel. Once this is fixed then i would 100% recomend this game.
,Recommended,421020,32302094,Posted: 9 June,all,Spanner,Its a game
76561198281180791,Recommended,421020,32295056,Posted: 9 June,all,Ls_2011,i recomend this game fully its is like dirt 3 but dirt rally grafict and simelair fisics
76561198367113595,Recommended,421020,33476612,Posted: 12 July,all,1349024339,没有中文好麻烦，我这种连小学英语都不会几个的玩起来就是靠乱按
,Not Recommended,421020,32280330,Posted: 8 June,all,ProTecz,"Game feels slow, cars behave like ur driving a 5 ton car.During ""Joyride"" on the awefull track the game said I was driving at 100 KPM/H but it feels like 20.No fast trailblazing tracks like dirt 3 had.Graphics are from 2004i will be refunding this"
,Recommended,421020,34637307,Posted: 31 August,all,Mirk - Mhkek.com,The best racing game i have tried so far.
,Not Recommended,421020,32296978,Posted: 9 June,all,laimer_rus,-Grass graphics-bad interface in terms of management settings-the absence of the Russian language-A painful registration of the player at the entrance to the dirt4-Introduction of a raw product that is not worth taking-producers (0 points)
,Not Recommended,421020,33903553,Posted: 30 July,all,[LG]TheCartel,"So first of all I love codemasters, but this game is dead.   I have been waiting for a similar game to dirt 2 since dirt 2 came out.  I was hoping this was going to be the game that my friends and me can jump on and play some games with people.  My first concern about this game is if you want multiplayer then stop!!!!!  Do not buy this game; although its available it is completely dead.  when ever my friend and me play it is just us 2 on a open server with no other sessions going.   I think the game looks good feels good other than that it is a flop.  The map maker is pretty generic creating the very similar banks and turns when it creates the map for the event.  Its nice not racing the same track everytime but it feels very generic with how it all flows.  I am disapointed because I played 30 hours into the game, and it is just a single player game. Mind you I am not even done with the rally section which is 1 of 5 sections I believe.   If you are wanting a single player game with no chance of internet games then this game is for you.  The cars look amazing, the details on the tracks look great, the effects are sweet, but it doesnt fix the point that the online portion is dead. Its release date was like a month ago!!!  Codemasters I am a fan boy I love your games, but I just dont want this game anymore.  Since I played the game so much to get a feel for it it is non refundable.  So I am stuck with a 60 dollar game that won't get me my 60 dollars worth of entertainment.  Maybe #Codemasters, @codemasters themselves would give me my money back or even 20 bucks back.  this is not a 60 dollar game this game is a 40 dollar game packaged as a 60 dollar game.  Again I really wish i wasnt writing this bad review for a company I love but I feel robbed."
76561197967017766,Not Recommended,421020,32356038,Posted: 11 June,all,macgyver,"Not enough Like Dirt 2 or Dirt 3, It's more like Dirt Rally. Miss playing against the AI. The Graphics are great though.So If your a fan of Dirt Rally this game is for you, but like me a Dirt 2&3 fan not for me."
,Not Recommended,421020,33002717,Posted: 29 June,all,Daddy™,"game got boring after 10 hours. so unless your a billionare don't expect to play the game for more than that. and you cant get a refund after 2 either so, sucks to be me"
76561197969893764,Recommended,421020,32294929,Posted: 9 June,all,Gomoto,"I love this one.I thought i would like to play it with my 360 controller for a few fun races.But the multiplayer modes are very rewarding and I am much faster with my T500 wheel. Did not expect this.Great feel and great graphics. Clearer than Dirt Rally and fast enough (around 80 FPS) on ultra on my I5 2500k & 1080ti @ 2560x1440.I thought I refund if I dont like it, but this one is here to stay :-)"
76561198126198963,Not Recommended,421020,32629688,Posted: 21 June,all,Alphastep,"dont buy it, its annoying as ♥♥♥♥. I love racing sim style games like Gran Turismo but i hate this. there is a set of races and you legit just go one after another after another not a whole lot else. the list of cars isnt as great as I had heard."
,Not Recommended,421020,32470955,Posted: 16 June,all,OMGitsWloski,"I can tell you right now, this is not a sim. The car is glued to the track, you can not get the car to powerslide without using the hand brake every ♥♥♥♥ing second. The FFB is so bad that my girlfriends vibrator would be better glued to my wheel. The tracks pretty much look the same with the generator. If the game was £15 i'd be okay but its £45, you can get dirt rally on sale for less than £10. If your a console kid who wants an easy rally game without crashing every second then this is for you."
,Not Recommended,421020,33664947,Posted: 19 July,all,sneet,Don't bother. Get Dirt Rally instead.
76561198027196986,Not Recommended,421020,33405726,Posted: 9 July,all,Fynt,Dirt rally was pure perfection.Then u made this.... i though you were going to beat Rally. but heck no!I was really disappointed with this game.
,Not Recommended,421020,32652310,Posted: 22 June,all,snapshot,Cool I bought Dirt Rally twice.
76561197997248353,Not Recommended,421020,32323813,Posted: 10 June,all,Fisu [FIN],"I have no words to say how bad is ""simulation"" handling model. Quite many things is just not right.Codemaster should try to do one thing right and stop this kind of greedy things. I feel that developers lied to me and won't even shame it."
,Not Recommended,421020,32329626,Posted: 10 June,all,Handyfighter,"I preordered this as I love Dirt Rally and believed this to be the same fun, challenging driving but with more content. I was horrified to find this feels like an arcade game, dumbed down for the common denominator and that's in 'simulation' mode.First game I have refunded. Felt a little misled by the devs on this one."
,Not Recommended,421020,32309345,Posted: 9 June,all,Yogurtjack,lol how can you fuc up something to this level holy dorito fd.
76561197960506814,Not Recommended,421020,32286368,Posted: 9 June,all,Quo,I LOVE Dirt Rally...Where is my manual shifting? Im refunding.
76561198165117948,Not Recommended,421020,34585780,Posted: 29 August,all,Andersson,"Fantastic game so far, but im dissapoineted that there was no gymkhana multiplayer maps and gameplay... use to play tag with my friend for hours in Dirt 3. Hopeing for a patch or dlc on that.Would have recommended this game otherwise!"
76561198108355987,Not Recommended,421020,32344079,Posted: 11 June,all,tomsb123,"Richard Burns Rally handling, force feedback, physics, feel of the cars are better and more realistic (feels realistic) than in DiRT 4.""RBR is not perfect at all, especially vanilla version, but at least it looks and feels realistic.""P.S. I have driven ~35 real life rally events.EDIT: Added fromforums.codemasters.comsome quetes I fully agree with:""Rallying physics are not consistent with RX behaviour, it is not consistent within itself (Dirt Training vs rally). It is not consisten with other sims  including RBR that was developed with Richard Burns over whole development cycle (including post production physics tweaking). RBR is said to be more difficult than real life, yet gamers who could make the car in RBR behave just as real life cars do cannot do the same in D4 which is supposed to be easier than RBR- that means the argument of ""it's your fault you cannot drive"", and ""you just cannot into car setup"" is invalid. RBR is not perfect at all, especially vanilla version, but at least it looks and feels realistic. Robert Kubica was participating in Polish virtual rallies, he used RBR as extra training for his racing career.""""And please, stop acting like powersliding is something only some savants can do...You don't have to be Loeb or Solberg to do that. That's not what makes them so great. What makes them so good is- the ability to be consistent- in driving through every unknown turn- at maximum speed (often sideways)- without crashing- over a long peroid of time- under stress during a hard competitionetc.Doing some power oversteer after apex or at the exit of a turn in a well powered AWD/ RWD car does not require magic talents (or crazy setups or super special tyre/surface combinations). That is something pretty much everyone with a drivers license and some days of training can achieve, either in a real car or in front of a screen."""
,Not Recommended,421020,32337923,Posted: 11 June,all,tears,"There is a lot of potential being brought down by a couple major issues. Until those are addressed, cannot reccomend."
76561198055308195,Not Recommended,421020,32396431,Posted: 13 June,all,ktm | Kayukeki Andino,"excesive grip on gravel, wrong fov (too high even adjusting at the max), no vr support, poor optimization, inside car sound weak against the others players, not a sim at all, definetly a drawback from dirt rally."
,Not Recommended,421020,32377673,Posted: 12 June,all,johnny_sixkilla,"Why make a new game that's a lot worse than the previous one? Dirt Rally is so close to perfect in it's driving mechanics and the progression. In Dirt Rally the tuning is OK, and it's very low-key and well presented. Dirt 4 however, has much, MUCH worse driving mechanics, the progression is extremely limiting and idiotic, and the presentation is Americanized to the point of vulgarity.In Dirt Rally the rally notes are sometimes wrong, but they're dynamic and very immersive. In Dirt 4, all I can say is that they're not horrible.The only thing I can think of where Dirt4 is actually better than Dirt Rally, it's that it runs slightly better on my computer.Seriously. Just get Dirt Rally. It's such a masterpiece of a rally game, Dirt 4 can't compete in a million years."
,Not Recommended,421020,32370700,Posted: 12 June,all,DarkAxe,"Returned. It just feels uninspired. Sim mode is not even near Dirt Rally 4 level, Gamer mode is just ""throttle and win"" nothing more."
76561198174175075,Not Recommended,421020,32549227,Posted: 18 June,all,Gorillamonsoon123,"If you want more Dirt Rally then you better pass on this. Even in ""Simulation"" mode the physics  are garbage. I think they used the code from showdown.For the love of chris codemasters etheir fix the physics or start putting out DLC for Dirt Rally."
,Not Recommended,421020,32357744,Posted: 11 June,all,Cwieker,Let me ♥♥♥♥ing rebind the pause button
,Not Recommended,421020,32369036,Posted: 12 June,all,Nenos,"This game stutters about every 2-3 seconds which makes it completely unplayable. Ive tried with my wheel and with an xbox controller. Neither is an issue. Guys suggested running as an admin, this didnt work either. If you want to play Dirt4, just buy it on a console.....apparently the stutter isnt an issue there."
,Recommended,421020,32280029,Posted: 8 June,all,Goatse,OwO what's this?
76561197987798842,Not Recommended,421020,32629068,Posted: 21 June,all,Thekingkurt,I played for 2 hours and is a good game but is more a challenging game than a fun game to play after work to relax.
,Not Recommended,421020,34667234,Posted: 1 September,all,olilol,A ♥♥♥♥ing computer game that you cant play with keybord WTF
76561198028031395,Not Recommended,421020,32380118,Posted: 12 June,all,LuiKnopfel,VERY disapointed..... i was really hype about this release... now ive played the game for 3 hours and its NOT a Dirt Rally remastered.. its an ARCADE game.. it is a DIRT 3 remastered.. i cant belive the developers are selling this as a Dirt rally evolutioned.. it is nothing close to that.. im very disapointed.. worst 60 usd spent... all the WRC games feelings coming back...
,Not Recommended,421020,32333605,Posted: 10 June,all,敲可爱,像是GTA5
76561198059734011,Not Recommended,421020,33058056,Posted: 30 June,all,patric.schmid,"What a ♥♥♥♥ing tard wrote this game. Get into the game first time. stearing is not WASD and not Arrows. Tells me A is accellerate but no ♥♥♥♥ing way to turn. What a ridiculus♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sold this game for 60 bucks with such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ start...Get into options see Keyboard as input device again it tells me nothing how to stear no keybindings visible...z is break you ♥♥♥♥ers probably know that not every keyboard in this world has a and z together, but luckely this doesn't matter for you guys. Just frustrate the user with your first Race and no clue how to interact.Frusttration over 9000, and my likelyness to hold my swearwords back 0Seariously guys...♥♥♥♥ YOU"
76561198121339416,Not Recommended,421020,32438035,Posted: 15 June,all,rq19871015,no chinese  no good!!!
76561197991252772,Recommended,421020,32303414,Posted: 9 June,all,Muki,Perfect sim!!!!
,Recommended,421020,32280267,Posted: 8 June,all,__proto__,"I was wrong about this game. It was just so different than what I was used to I assumed and felt it was worse than it was. Codemasters is serious about improving the issues or percieved issues with this game.The simulation is actually better than Dirt Rally. If you're coming from Dirty Rally like me, you might really not like the game at first. Give it a chance, try the online rally (which was sorely missing from Rally). Try different conditions.It has crashes a few times and the performance seems worse but I trust codemasters will clear them up in time."
,Recommended,421020,32649664,Posted: 22 June,all,Monol,"If you liked DiRT 3, you'll like this.If you didn't enjoy DiRT Rally but enjoyed any DiRT before that, you'll like this again."
76561197987569256,Recommended,421020,32735248,Posted: 24 June,all,dangLe,"Love the game. Gamer mode and sim mode have obvious differences and sim mode exclusively almost is wheel only, unless your a masochist controller player. Maps generated are mildly repetative, yet fun regardless. Tuning correctly really does change the feel of the cars for the better."
76561197981562924,Not Recommended,421020,32282946,Posted: 8 June,all,Lasergod,"It's a good mixup of Dirt 1-3 and Rally. Buy Rally instead, needs to be optimized."
,Recommended,421020,33317177,Posted: 6 July,all,Major D,I have to say its missing a few pieces i'd like it to have but its fun to drive.
,Not Recommended,421020,32293902,Posted: 9 June,all,MILFHUNTER,"I had only 15 hours of fun with this game. After that I switched to DiRT Rally where I began to feel myself like a real pro driver, because it's so much easier to drive than Dirt 4. After that I couldn't switch back. Sorry Codies, but you screwed this game.To all the others - if you want experience of this game (making yer own team, having a nice tutorial, having a nice place to test drive cars, etc), buy Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo and the DiRT 4 OST (which is awesome), and you'll get much more pleasure for a buck, because it has much more content and great physics."
,Recommended,421020,33556172,Posted: 15 July,all,wkid_one,Loving this game....classic rallying is awesome
76561198125439286,Recommended,421020,32291169,Posted: 9 June,all,Philip Rivers,"""The (((DiRT Rally))) fans glow in the dark, you can see them when you're driving.Just run them over, that's what you do."" -Terry A Davis: Jack Kass Motorsport"
,Recommended,421020,32282752,Posted: 8 June,all,austinonevia,"I'm really enjoying this game. I love Dirt Rally and while this isn't a sequel to it, it's still really fun. The handling is great on my Thrustmaster TX, aside from feeling like you have too much grip at times. The damage system is much better than in Dirt Rally, it's much more realistic. While in a rallycross event, the car in front of me had one of it's rear wheels fall off randomly (awesome). I do feel like there aren't enough events in career though. The stage creator is awesome so far. The difficulty is way too easy at times, I had it set on the second from the hardest level in landrush and rallycross and I was almost lapping cars on the fourth lap. The game runs great on my pc. ( i7 6700k, GTX 970, 16gb ram) One thing that I can't figure out is how to delete all stock bindings to my wheel so I can customize it, I use the button closest to my right thumb for e-brake and when I set it, the game still uses that button for pause. Overall, I am glad I bought Dirt 4. I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,421020,32282911,Posted: 8 June,all,Bloodenguts,"My initial impression of this game was that it was just as great as the previous couple of DiRT games which, for the most part, it is. However, after spending over 100 hours in DiRT Rallye and who knows how many more in previous installments, DiRT 4 kind of falls flat for me. For one, ORANGE! It's definitely the best color ever, but oh my I never thought I'd ever see it so overused. Like... it's EVERYWHERE! Second, having a photographic memory I am able to pick up on the cookie-cutter track design easier than I would prefer. The system works, and the tracks are fun to drive, but there are clearly sections that are repeated stage after stage.DiRT Rally had a nice selection of rally cars (no way!) but D4 slims it down a little bit--probably to make room for different disciplines. This is fine, as the most iconic vehicles are still there, but it would have been nice to see a few more cars in each category. Overall, I do think it's a good game but long-time fans of the series may not find much in the way of rewarding content. It's not as unforgiving as DiRT Rally but it's still challenging enough to satisfy the rally racing veteran.Final thought: ORANGE!"
,Recommended,421020,32283845,Posted: 8 June,all,Rayfloyd,I have 275 hours on Dirt Rally and don't understand why people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing at it. I play with a controller
76561198210808355,Recommended,421020,32304858,Posted: 9 June,all,SpazAttack,"After getting ticked off last night and actually asking for a refund and then deleting the game, then realizing that I had too many hours to get a refund, I decided to reinstall and try again.I cannot give it a thumbs down because there are too many good things.I recommend everyone head over to Dirt Academy before going out onto the track. Follow some of their driving techniques so you can understand where they are coming from. If you can accept that, then you can have some fun with this. If not you are going to be frustrated.The only negative aspect of this game is the handling which is not like Dirt Rally.Do not expect to go into a corner at 70mph and, ""throw it sideways"" because they have the traction turned up higher than on Dirt Rally.  If she says ""Left 2"", get on the brakes hard because a glorious slide is not happening until you get some practice.Good luck"
76561198067537701,Recommended,421020,32310162,Posted: 9 June,all,Jimdog,my initial review was negative but after playing for a few more hours and starting to see what this game has to offer i am starting to like it. there are a few things that need fixed but overall i think it is a reasonable simulator.
,Recommended,421020,32302265,Posted: 9 June,all,Vanguards,"Dirt 4 is almost the perfect rally game. Nearly every conceivable flaw you can list that could potentially hinder the experience in a rally racer, Dirt 4 manages to address with an astounding an ingenious simplicity. What’s more, it takes the franchise back to its rally roots, taking cues from Dirt Rally, while also making sure that it’s not nearly as inaccessible as the 2015 game was.Right as you boot the game, Dirt 4 gives you the option to select between two difficulty modes- Gamer and Simulation. Simulation, as the name suggests, is a difficulty that is catered towards rally simulation veterans, and for those who played and were able to master the mechanics of Dirt Rally, you’ll feel quite at home with this mode. For those who are not that deeply entrenched in the racing simulation genre as some others might be, though, there’s the Gamer mode, which takes the mechanics of the game and tones them down to a great extent.Gamer mode is a great entry point for those who are looking for an accessible experience and don’t play too many rally simulation games. With plenty of driving assists, much more responsive, slightly arcade-like mechanics, Gamer mode lets you get familiar and eventually comfortable with the game’s systems. When you’re comfortable enough with what the game tries to be, you can finally jump into Simulation mode- not a choice you have to make, by any means, but definitely one that is recommended."
,Recommended,421020,32295494,Posted: 9 June,all,rav3n72,* Bad physics in sim mode* lots of bugs & crashes* Very bad stuttering (low to ultra graphics makes no difference)I recommend waiting a while for all the bugs to be fixed before buying the game. Very disappointed I preordered the game.Edit: Performance seems better with the game patch released today and it looks like a few bugs have been fixed.
,Recommended,421020,32283454,Posted: 8 June,all,RovtarST,"If you want more sim oriented game go for Dirt Rally, but for me this game is a litle beter becouse it is much more forgiving, it has a dificulty setting which in dirt rally i didn't think it did anything to help me come first. The carrwr is decent with a decent amount of livery costumization for cars. The var graphich are desent but the terain specialy trees are garbage., it is realy big step backwards in terms of that, but if it tradof for randomly generating tracks i think it is still worth it. The performance of this game is grate havent had any issus.After playing it a bit more i quite grown to this game phsyc and now it is better for me then dirt rally."
76561198159101212,Recommended,421020,32287322,Posted: 9 June,all,GadgetFingers,"What has Codemasters done to this game as i'm a big fan of sims and Dirt Rally was one of the best looking titles but not this. Sorry Codemasters but you have pulled a stunt just like all the others. Trying to get a refund.Please read on as this is an update has to what i think of Dirt 4 now. There was a Nvidia updateversion 382.53 and it has changed the game or should i say the way it looks for better, the handling though to me still doesn't feel right but its a step in the right direction so for now its having a thumbs  up."
,Recommended,421020,32282307,Posted: 8 June,all,GUYTHΞKIDZ ツ,"My first Dirt was Dirt 3 on PS3 it was an amazing game with my G27 ! then when i get a PC i bought DiRT Rally I didn't have that much time to play but its a good game. I really wanted i sequel for DiRT 3 and now we get it i'm pretty happy. I play with the G27 the handling is good, Perf are good i have a GTX 760 Pretty much all my setting are in high and like 2 setting in ultra and i get 47-95 FPS.The only downside of this game is the generation of the stages. A couple of time you see the same place...I chose for a long stage and in the same stage i get 3-4times the same place. If codemasters correct that in a patch the game is pretty good!Totally recommend this game if you like Dirt 3 or newcomers in rally racing games.I give this game a good 7.5/10"
,Recommended,421020,32297871,Posted: 9 June,all,Fortune Rayzor,"Update1:I've played more of DiRT 4 with the casual driving model and XBone gamepad and I was very satisfied with that. Forget the simulation/wheel combination and just go the easy route. It's much more enjoyable and gives me the right feels of racing. I still hate the unpredictable difficulty of rally AI (or the AI that does not race you directly), that's definitely broken and still should be fixed ASAP. It's obviously wrong that I can keep up with the AI in the Spanish rally and then get completely smashed by them in the following Australian rally. And I REALLY tried to push, but their pace was completely beyond what the car could handle.----------------Played every Codemaster rally game, mostly loved them all. I feel that in 2017, there're still way too many compromises in a lot of aspects. I want to recommend it really bad, but I can't get over the frustrating things. It's not as joyful and easily approachable as previous DiRT <number> games, yet it's not DiRT Rally either. Could've been both of them, but is none of them.PROS- I really like the singleplayer features, the custom team liveries, management, progress, joyride- Car selection is great- Tracks look awesome and alive- You don't grind upgrades for every car for the whole eternity, you just buy them if you have the correct R&D!CONS- AI is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will try to erase you from the planet Earth anytime you go near it.- The ""realistic"" driving model has this annoying snap oversteer ANYTIME, ANYWHERE thing going on, even front engined all wheel drive cars (???)- The second last and last difficulty are completely unbalanced, the former is way too slow and the latter is way too fast => no challenge / no chance- Odd choice of music, that's subjective but it's far off DiRT 2 soundtrackI will most likely change my review after a longer period, when I just get used to the frustrating bits."
76561198018736203,Recommended,421020,32629985,Posted: 21 June,all,Offroadracer1600,Really improved on dirt rally here after messing with settings. 70+ hours in the game and I know ill play it more then the 250 hours I put into dirt rally.
,Not Recommended,421020,32325182,Posted: 10 June,all,Washo-D,"Review updated on Jul 30:After 30 hours, I'm bored.I thought that by unlocking the brutal difficulty level I would enjoy the game more but it's been the complete opposite.The handling is different from Dirt Rally and that's OK, it is supposed to be better which is great. The problem is that the stages are boring. The same corners over and over again and after a while you recognize them from the distance.I'm not doing very good times here but at the same time I don't feel the encouragement to do so. On DR I started from 0 rally driving knowledge but something kept pushing me to learn and improve, and even when I was really struggling I was habing fun. None of that happens with D4.Even after 400 hours on DR and having played the same stages like 100 times each, I still get excited, tense and I get proud after a good stage. Just today it made me smile after taking a good turn.To me is the fun factor what's lacking in D4. Wales, Finland, Germany, Greece from DR have no equivalent on D4. If you could create those kind of trakcs with Your Stage this game would be awesome. Sadly, you are lucky if you find any jump in gravel. I wouldn't mind a stage full of jumps in Michigan as long as it is challenging, fun and truly unique on each meter.I hope Codemasters releases an update to Your Stage so this game can be awesome."
,Recommended,421020,32705035,Posted: 23 June,all,AlienRacing,"I have to eat humble pie. My previous bad review needs a review. It was PlaysTV that was constantly crashing the game.  Once I removed that, the game performed as advertised. Really fun with lots of options.My sincere appologies to Codemasters."
76561198012237097,Not Recommended,421020,32605634,Posted: 20 June,all,West14,"No improvement over dirt rally.  Some great cars are missing, track creator is really repetitive,  just feels more bland."
76561198074280921,Not Recommended,421020,32286243,Posted: 9 June,all,DoYouFeelIt? 1.9TDI,"Tried to love it, but that annoying handling.. everyone says that dirt 4 is easier than dirt rally. For me dirt 4 is so much harder because i can't feel the car. The FFB is very weird. And one more thing Dirt 4 already dying... and devs don't care about it.Dirt 4 < Dirt rallyEDIT: Oversteer is missing"
76561198050001437,Not Recommended,421020,32290564,Posted: 9 June,all,PietPeuk,This game is boring.
76561197987645919,Recommended,421020,33742766,Posted: 23 July,all,shadowcaster,"Hi fellow driversI'm and old driver, 56yrs old now, been driving since I was 12, in feilds, gravel pits, forest trails and frozen lakes. I  have over a million miles of real life driving all different types cars and weather.This driving sim is not quite the realistic feel of Dirt Rally so I am a little disapointed. I have found that I have to play around with the FFB settings to get it close to the realistic feel of the wheel, I read settings from the comunity and tried them all seems my T300 thrustmaster wheel likes its settings I had to turn most of the FFB setting fully up.In fairness I should say that there are lots of improvements car damage for one, I also like having a female voice as my navigator, other stages from around the world are nice too, buggys and trucks are nice to see, gone is the Pikes Peak. Much like a game not a sim, even when you have the option of arcade type or sim I can't comment on the arcade mode I haven't tried it. The practice area is nice to see I liked that feature in an other sim and customizing of paint skemesTo comment on the audio yes car sounds are very Awsome as were they in DR, I'm personally not liking the menu music thankfuuly I can turn it off and I never listen to music when I'm racing.I have alot of sim racer friends who I have constantly told of my love of Dirt Rally and they have asked me what I think of this and I just tell them its not as great, I have a Thustmaster TX wheel to give me the real feel of the car, Dirt 4 so far falls short, maybe with a hand controler it's ok but not my wheel. I don't have any idea of how they could screw up what they had, it was better than any driving sim by light years. I have quite a few  popular driving games this seems to have the bad feel like in Dirt 3, I don't know if I should mention these games by name most of them I bought hoping that they have learned something from Dirt Rally and be as fun to drive.I keep coming back to Dirt rally. Its true that Dirt Rally went through some fixes and I am sooo hoping that this is the same thing. I love the hill climb from Dirt rally up Pikes Peak, this is gone or I haven't found it yet. I do like the new types of buggys and trucks, too bad these couldn't be patched into Dirt Rally, as well as some more rally cross tracks other hill climbs and rally stages. If this had of been done these additions would, in my opinion, have made the absultly best of racing sims. Instead of starting a brand new game they should have continued to expand Dirt Rally!I have this Installed on an SSD storage drive and a new Ryzen  processer (3.7 GHz) 16 GB ram with a 4GB R290 vid card and still it dosent run as smooth as before (115 fps in ultra in Dirt Rally1080) it pauses for a fraction of a second every few seconds the graphics aren't as realistic and the loading times for the too many layers of menus is frustrating. If your looking for a GAME to play maybe this is for you but if your looking for a driving sim GET DIRT RALLY!!!I should say that my recomending this is more of a Depends on what your looking for. I had issues with Dirt Rally too in the begining but it has been fixed as I'm sure CM will do the samewith Dirt 4"
76561198066100634,Not Recommended,421020,32297987,Posted: 9 June,all,LightBWK,"I gave CM few months to fix the handling issues.So far... nothing.It was fun for  the first 10 hours.After that... meh.At this rate, I don't recommend this game."
76561198287441980,Not Recommended,421020,33331935,Posted: 6 July,all,MysticReverie,"Dissapointing.It's ok to play with a controller, for a bit of a blast.I can't be bothered to play with my wheel becasue it doesn't feel sim enough or compelling enough.Definately not worth the price.Codemasters other big Release this year, F1 2017 is much better"
76561198117335244,Not Recommended,421020,34840138,Posted: 9 September,all,davidjoshuamusic,"Verdict: 5.5 out of 10  Buy only when on sale, if your a newb to sim racers, or already have DiRT Rally and DiRT 3, if not, buy DiRT Rally first. It may look like there is plenty to do in this game, but Codemasters have pretty much abandonded it, and mystage luls after the first few playthroughs. Rallycross is solid, just it could've been an update to DiRT Rally instead of a whole new game.There's so much this game does right, and a lot it does wrong. The rally sections, while on the surface, look and feel similar to DiRT Rally's efforts, they don't quite deliver on their promises. Yes, you still have the fantastic co-driver audio, yes it is still way more challenging than DiRT 3, but even with a few subtle positive improvements to handling, the cars just feel off. My stage is an interesting but poorly executed idea. The RallyCross is the only mode that feels fully developed, but there are so few changes there it literally could have just been an update for the rallycross in DiRT Rally.I will give it to Codemasters, the tarmac physics is improved, but the gravel physics is just bland now. The cars feel heavier, but feeling of weight transfer is no longer there. It won't accidentally fling you 20ft in the air because of a miniscule bump in the road like in DR, but any attempts at throwing the weight of the car to help in a corner is nearly fruitless. Scandinavian flicks are nearly useless in this game, which is frustrating because it's one of the few techniques you could reliably use to fight understeer prone handling in DiRT Rally. On the topic of understeer, there is a lot of it. The FWD cars actually behave like you'd expect, but the AWD cars are more understeer prone than the FWD cars. The only exception to this is the Rallycross cars, R5 rally class, the N4 Sub when tuned for almost no rear grip and insane diff settings, and a few RWD cars. Group A cars were so lovely and easy to understand in DiRT Rally, in DiRT 4 they are bland, dull, and lifeless. Yes DiRT Rally may have not been 100% realistic, but it's sad when I can't power oversteer a purpose built rally machine with a 70% rear bias and locked diff in this game, but I can power oversteer my 240hp front biased AWD sedan on gravel IRL. For Pete's sake, I can do scandinavian flicks in my front biased AWD sedan easier than in DiRT 4. Forget using lateral forces to help through corners, just use a basic racing lines for everything except hairpins and the occasional 1 or 2.On to MyStage, I commend their efforts, and it's an interesting practicing tool, but it doesn't make fresh stages. After one medium length stage, you've experienced everything each location has to offer. Anything from that point forward is a random shuffled copy paste of what came before. It wouldn't be so bad if they just added more tiles/environments to the stage creator, but at this point Codies have nearly abandoned the game one month after release. All this leaves me thinking that this could have just worked better as a DLC for DiRT Rally. There are only two stages I really think are great from here are Sweden and Spain. Even at that, though, Monaco from DR was a significantly more interesting location than Spain, the tarmac physics just needed tweaks. Mystage just feels like an unfinished concept that was pushed out way too early. I would've been fine waiting a little longer for an improved stage creator.And spurring off from mystage is singleplayer AI, which is probably one of the most broken things about this game. It swings from completely incompetent, in impossibly fast depending on what level of engineers you have in your team in SP and how straight of a section mystage decided to create. With the highest AI difficulty on most sectors I could stomp the AI, until I hit flat out straights, to which the AI would inexplicably gain anywhere from 3-20 seconds out of nowhere. In the corners I would then proceed to beat the ai by 3-10 seconds a sector. You can win all but the last sector by several seconds and lose for no reason becasue the AI decides to just gain 20 seconds on a 35 second sector, putting the average pace of the AI car beyond the car class' top speed. The math on these is completely broken. Your stage times don't matter in SP, just don't crash and take whatever broken mess mystage hands you. There is no incentive to push, you either beat the AI or magically lose for no reason. If you want a consistent metric of how your stage times are, just play the community events.Community events are the only area where mystage does give an advantage to this game over DiRT Rally. At least you can't practice the exact stages ahead of time. They still give much more of a challenge and thrill over the singleplayer simply because you can't restart and the pressure is on. The best moments I've had with the rally sections were just doing the Daily/Weekly events. There is nothing like the feeling of pushing the car right to the edge and almost bailing, only to pull it back in the last second and still put in a fast time. When you do well here, it feels so rewarding, and when you crash you learn a lot about staying cool under pressure.I will say, I did like the Joyride mode even with sim handling and a wheel and pedals setup. It is nice to have someplace to practice and just goof off with the cars, and smash attack and time attack actually are closer to real Gymkhana events than the previous Gymkhana attempts in DiRT 3. Even though I put more time into the rally stages, I do appreciate this mode.Last and certainly least... landrush... It's the same as with DiRT 3, but with slightly different vehicles, and slighlty more challenging handling. Although Codies improved the AI in rallycross from DR (the AI doesn't go all kamikaze on everyone when it takes a joker now) the crazy lack of situational awareness from DR's rallycross AI has been transplanted into landrush. The cars are fun to hoon around the track alone, but the AI would rather flip your car then actually win the race. That may be fine with closed wheel trucks, but with open wheel vehicles, bumping is bad news.Overall verdict:Is there a lot of stuff to entertain a racing fan for a while in this game? Yes.Is it an improvement from DiRT 3? yes.Is it an improvement from DiRT Rally? Maybe on a few small things, but in most areas this is a significant step backwards from DR.If DiRT Rally didn't exist would I think higher of this game than I do? Absolutely. I know they claimed it would mix DiRT Rally and DiRT 3, but honestly they marketed this more as an improvement to DiRT Rally, but this game is nowhere near as well executed. DiRT Rally wasn't perfect, there were still some weird quirks, but it did so much right. The core rally experience was brutal, thrilling, unforgiving, yet totally justifiable in it's difficulty. DiRT 4 is just, stubborn, boring, frustrating (from an AI standpoint), and blandly predictable. Yes, the core gameplay that made DiRT Rally so fun and challenging exists to an extent in DiRT 4, it just doesn't have the staying power that DiRT Rally did.Honestly put, DiRT 4 doesn't scare me like DiRT Rally did, it may have a million ""unique stages"" but everystage is made up of the handful of corners you've already seen thousands of times. The order is different, but you are never surprised, nervous, or scared to go fast. If you play with gamer handling, you probably won't notice the difference enought to care. If you've never played DiRT Rally, you probably won't notice the difference enough to care. But, if you loved DiRT Rally and just wanted some more, this is it, just not as good. With that, I leave you with two random stages in DiRT Rally, that no stage I've played in DiRT 4 comes close to even being near as fun, interesting, or challenging.https://youtu.be/gCeG83vuwNEhttps://youtu.be/HU0Lc-nPLBw"
,Recommended,421020,34810311,Posted: 8 September,all,SsXxX,"i gave it a negative review intitially as my t500rs wasnt working probably and codemasters support response was cold, slow and unhelpfulnow that t500rs ffb is working perfect (it was a driver bug) and i got to spend some time with dirt 4 i guess i can review it probably nowfirst of all the most talked abt aspect, PHYSICS:i gotta say i think they are not bad afterall, i still believe all in all dirt rally physics is better and more realistic but there are some things that are done better in dirt 4, like for example tarmec physics which is suprior to dirt rally, aslo cars have weight and weight distribution is better implemented now, also fwd cars handle like they should as they do understeer like they should; some might say this is a con. but i think its only logical for a 280hp+ fwd to understeer when pushed hard on curves.other advantages/disadvantages and thoughts:+as said above tarmec physics are much better than dirt rally+effects such as weather and rain are improved and looks greater now+sound is top notch as with all codemasters games+presentation and production values are better+car interiors look far better than dirt rally and now the wheel (cockpit cam) rotates fully unlike 90degrees only like in dirt rally+music soundtrack is amazing :)+trucks are hell of fun to drive!=graphics while more vivid and colerful but dirt rally looks a bit more realistic, this is something that depends on your personal taste so i cant judge if its an advantage or disadvantage=single player structure is better presented than dirt rally but is short, not enough content.=team managment, staff and spnsers are fun and adds to the immersion but interface could be better.-ffb while not bad but not as good as dirt rally-not enough content-weak support that shows no intention to improve the game-gravel physics dont feel as good as dirt rally-ai weaker than dirt rally-no pikes peak!ending thoughts:so after all i learned to love dirt 4 for what it is and love dirt rally too, both are installed on my pc now and i do play and love bothfinal verdict:do i recommend dirt 4?yes i do :)"
,Not Recommended,421020,32364936,Posted: 12 June,all,Oyster,"The handling is better than in DiRT Rally. Try the old Focus at Wales/rain in DR and later try the same car and setting in Dirt 4. It's a world of difference. In DiRT 4 it's much harder but at the same time feels much better. Most people may disagree because they'll have to learn how to drive the cars all over again, and readjust the wheel settings, because things don't work the same way. And it's not an immediate perception, hence so many negative reviews about the game's ""realism"" in the first days after release.Most problems with the physics of DR were fixed. Light downforce, forgiving braking and lateral grip, all gone. Because no, 4-wheel-drive cars aren't supposed to slide like crazy, loss of grip is something that must be forced to occur and its momentum must be cautiously kept. And that's why it feels more difficult to oversteer in D4 compared to DR, where the lateral grip was almost nonexistant. On the other side, there are some new problems. RWD cars are a joke ATM, with an abusive, unreal grip in the rear axle, and beginner FWD cars are way TOO easy. Track layout is uninspiring, and sections of the procedurally generated stages get repetitive and predictable very quickly. AI's times and behavior in general are very, very inconsistent.R5 cars are a real joy to ride, Rallycross cars were improved a lot, wet gravel is awesome (visually too), and kit cars on tarmac feel much more like a real car. Braking and weight transfer are SO good now, and they're now crucial on performing oversteer correctly. Hardcore players wished for something more like ""the real thing"", so there it is.For me, it doesn't replace DR because of the less thrilling stages and disappointing RWD behavior, but it's a fun game anyway. That's what matters. The physics of D4 + the tracks of DR would make up an almost perfect rally game.(Sim settings, all assists off, wheel)UPDATE: after 20+ hours played, the negative aspects get much more prominent than the positive ones. The grip is really, really over the top, I gotta beg for a RWD car to properly oversteer, and when it does is snap oversteer, there's no in-between. Track layout gets repetitive as hell, with the same sections repeated over and over again. It's worse than the eventual hotlapping that Dirt Rally becomes with time. Overall, the handling is still better compared to DR, but this grip issue must be figured out quickly by Codemasters.UPDATE 2: had to change the review to negative. The joy is gone, the tracks got really tiresome since there's a false sense of variety with the MyStage system. The same ten corners over and over again. And after 3 months, no response about the grip issue. Meanwhile, Dirt Rally keeps being awesome even with the hot air balloon physics."
,Recommended,421020,34755045,Posted: 5 September,all,Dread,"If you are looking for a sequel to DiRT 1, 2, and 3, where you are looking for fun arcade racing then look elsewhere.  They have some how managed to take all the fun out of what was DiRT, just like they did between GRiD and the laughable GRiD 2.I ignored all the negative reviews thinking that people was comparing DiRT to DiRT Rally and snorting at them saying it's DiRT, its an arcade fun racer not the great Rally ""Sim"" CM made.  Unfortunately this game is niether.I read a review which summed it up perfectly (which I now wished I paid more attention to), it tries to be DiRT 3 and DiRT Rally at the sametime but misses both marks by quite some margin.At least wait for a heavy discount.I forgot to mention the odd times when you come in first it goes ""sorry you came 5th"".  EDIT: This is a bug when watching replays I discovered.  If you win a race then  watch the replay but quit out of the replay when in any position but first it will record your finish position as that.  eg if you was 5th at some point in the race and you quit the replay at that point then your new finishing position is now 5th.EDIT#2: I changed my recommendation to yes. If there was a Neither Recommend nor Not Recommemd than thats where I put this game.  However not recommend is a little harsh."
,Not Recommended,421020,32292668,Posted: 9 June,all,SkinwalkeR21,"Pros-Driving physic is nice, both gamer and simulator.-Nice modern/classic cars-Controller friendly as always-Newbies friendly-The theme and tone look cool-Price is cuteCons-The stage generate give me a same kind of turn over and over. even i max the complexity and length, i can see the pattern after go through only the half way.-Dirt rally might not have much stage and reuse track, but all that turns have more charmsdark soul's charmsthan millions of this stage generator. or maybe just my bad luck gave me boring track.(also my horrific bad english)***after 10+ hours. I physic is a bit weird. weight transfer is somehow weird.not gonna talk about graphic. my laptop is kinda sh**."
