user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,421600,24821866,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Goldenkitten,"Ray Gigant is an interesting play. It's unlikely to be anyones next favorite game but it does nothing terrible, for the most part it's a standard JRPG which means if you like the typical tropes of the genre you'll get a decent experience out of it and vice-versa.It's a mix between a dungeon crawler and visual novel with periods of reading broken up by journeys into a range of locations. In these locations you take part in pretty typical JRPG turn-based battles where you can attack, use a special skill, or wait to recover action points that allow you to do one of the other two. As they go it's on the simple side but balancing your AP so you consistently have enough to continue fighting is where most of the effort stands. It bears mentioning the game is on the easy side but so far not so easy as to be boring.Two things that make it stand out from the crowd are its leveling mechanic and art-style. It's closer to something like Final Fantasy X where instead of gaining exp by fighting you instead collect a variety of items that can then be infused into a skill tree to level what aspects you wish to focus on. And while the character designs themselves are rather average the way they're implemented like a cel-shaded style allows for some interesting points-of-view, letting the game give a sense of scale to the enemies the normal flat sprites of something like SMT: Strange Journey (just to pick a random similar game) could not accomplish.Story-wise things are rather predictable. They remain interesting enough (particularly if you like shounen anime) but do nothing unexpected (at least as far as I've gotten). It serves its purpose in keeping you invested and moving on but has not produced anything beyond that.In short almost everything about this game is just average. Every bit of it is something you've seen before. HOWEVER it's not necessarily a bad version of those tropes, and if you're looking for a new JRPG to tide you over until the next big hit then you could definitely do worse."
,Not Recommended,421600,24909131,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dekudeku,"I honestly had a hard time to rate this game, because the binary choice ""recommend/do not recommend"" can't quite make it, but I am inclined to not recommend it, for reasons that I will explain. The game is a  visual novel with dungeon crawling, not a dungeon crawler with visual novel elements. The distinction is important.Warning: There will be HUGE spoilers below, proceed at your own risk.Okay, so I decided to give this game a chance, given that I consider myself easy to be pleased, and I had average expectations about it. Most of the reviews that you'll find on the internet (Steam included) will talk about how the story is generic shounen story, the dungeon crawling aspects are very basic. But I want to expand on many things that such summaries fail to capture.First, the story. I've spent quite a bit of a time trying to like it. I consider myself to have an average taste in anime and I'm a big shounen fan, and I still think that the story got everything that is cheesy and bad about shounen and emphasized it to absurdity. Ichiya, the main character, shows zero character development in the first 20 hours of the game no matter how many things he experiences, ranging fromdeaths of friends, learning about his family being murdered when he was a kid, the girl he liked being a spy (and she's also spying the other group, so she's a spy of a spy who spies the spy ^$%^ me if I kept tracking at this point).Then we have Nil, the token waifu, who's equally dumb as the supposed MC, sheends up losing her ""sister"", who was in fact a clone, she cries a bit about it when she learns it and the next day off we go being a dumb bimbo again.The only redeeming character from a development standpoint is Kyle, becausehe changes his opinion and worldview during the game and really tries hard to become a different person.Now, I haven't finished the game, I dropped it at the part wherethey learn about Ray Gigant, so maybe things get better down the line? Honestly, I don't have the desire to keep on playing it, as half of the dialogue is a pointless clutter the kind that makes your mind drift off to anything other than the game as you mash the ""next"" key to proceed. Did I mentioned that there's no ""Auto"" or ""Fast Skip"" option in the visual novel parts?So you can gather that even if you come expecting something completely average, the execution is also completely average. I'm fine with having a predictable average scenario that has a good execution, I really am. But this is mediocricy at its average. It's not horrible, it just lacks any sense of impact. There's no epic feeling into it, I never felt like I'm watching the epic journey of teenagers who have special powers, facing gigantic monsters, because after a while they become such a commodity that you just cannot feel any impact.Now for the dungeon crawling aspects.I'll start off by pointing out something that nobody thinks it's important but I do, apparently. And that's the bland and repetitive dungeon textures. Each character arc's dungeons consist of a single texture per character. So all 3-4 dungeons that you get for each arc might not share the same layout design (thank heavens) but they share the same environment. Literally, just copy-pasted the same set of textures over and over again, for each arc. Oh, someone was thoughtful enough to introduce a ""dimension"" dungeon before every big gigant fight, that has the same crystal walls over and over again. So within 20 hours of play I got 4 different dungeon textures (crystal, city, sea and one more that I cannot remember), add to that the usual palette switching enemies have and what would usually feel like ""wow, let's explore a new dungeon"" becomes ""let's get this over with"".Another issue is the difficulty scaling. Because of the way the storytelling is structured, as soon as you feel that the difficulty of the game begins to go up, you have to start a new party from level 1 and go through roughly the same upgrades again. Here we go upgrading physical damage again, teaching the caster a healing spell again, and so on. Which of course impacts the way the difficulty scales, because it's like it's telling you ""good to know you can handle gigants that require you to use your special move more than once and you enjoy being strong, now time to go back to the basics because plot"". Were the developers unaware of games that handle party switching more elegantly?Which brings me to another point: Treasure chests, or should I say loot. Everything that you can possibly loot are crystals that you can use to upgrade your character's ""talent tree"". So far, so good. Thing is, you also get your gear upgrades from the talent tree. So if you want to get a new belt, you invest a certain type of crystal to the ""belt"" upgrade, then you use another type of crystal to acquire it. So far this sounds like a great idea, you'd think, because you no longer are restrained by the lords of RNG in order to gear your character(s) up, plus it gives you the liberty of designing your gear, so that you can avoid making defensive items when you lack offense and so on. Yes, that is a good thing, but there's an BIG side effect. There is no such thing as exciting looting. That moment when you open a chest only to say ""awww yeah, that's a huge upgrade""? Gone. In fact, I never felt compelled to actively chase chests around the dungeon, not only because of the watered down sense of discovery that lacked but because I never felt underpowered, since I could focus the glass cannon being a cannon, the tank being a tank and so on.The combat system in this game is somewhat good but not really exciting. There's a lack of random encounters, which is good. But there's also a lack of motivation to actively go out of your way and engage in fights. The times I went out of my way to fight ""that extra foe"" was when I had no AP and wanted to recharge, which were 2 maybe 3 times during the whole game. The rest of the time, I was actually actively avoiding combat whenever possible. And since there were no random encounters, you'll see plenty of enemies standing in narrow corridors every now and then, just so you don't forget that there's also a combat system in place. The fact that it's simplistic also means that you will always have the same trinity (tank, ranger, caster) except of course for the moments when you don't have 3 members in the party. On the upside of things, your health gets restored after every fight, so there's no reason to get anxious about keeping your party's HP full.The gorgeous idle character animation that you see in the videos is not accompanied by a ""getting hit"" animation, or an attack animation, or a use item. When attacks begin, the characters hide away. So the perceived third person over the shoulder viewpoint that makes things feel different than most of dungeon crawlers doesn't get the treatment it deserves, in my opinion.Then we have the rhythmic game mechanic. To explain it, the attack is kind of like a limit break that builds up and you decide when you unleash it (and later in the game with whom to unleash it as more characters that use it become accessible). I wasn't expecting much, but for what it's worth each character has his own fixed music for his special move, and the timing is not always on the beat. You can decide whether the attack will be vs. element or vs. enemy type, assuming that you haven't deciced to equip it. The game goes out of the way to warn you about it ""hey the next enemy is going to be an undead so use this and that, ok? Ok"". I kid you not.I really wish I could talk on how the whole weight system feels more like an afterthought than anything measurably good, but I'm reaching the character limit."
76561198006653128,Recommended,421600,24821739,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ssfsx17,"This game is made by the same company that did Stranger of Sword City. The engine has been upgraded to handle animated monsters and the like, and it seems to have the same environment and monster artists. However, the character art is pure anime.Customization: You get a pre-set team of three characters for each storyline. Each character only gets choices of which abilities to unlock first, more DPS or more defense, more damage of one element type or another, etc. This is the unfortunate downside of the game's anime nature, with fully-animated characters during boss battles.Difficulty: Easier than Stranger of Sword City, once you get used to the combat system. The difficulty doesn't get good until the last 1/4th of the game.Dungeons: A lot more complex and interesting than Stranger of Sword City so far. The dungeons get good starting at around the 3rd chapter of the game.Story: The first 1/4th of the story is typical anime. Think of something like Evangelion, except, with gods and monsters from mythology rather than horrific angels. Replace the EVAs with beast spirits that manifest as fantasy weapons. Replace berserk mode with turning into a handsome hairy dude, a very pretty gunman, or a grown-up woman. After 1/4th of the story, however, it gets a lot more interesting.Combat Mechanics: A lot of the combat system was carried over from Stranger of Sword City, but a lot of it was changed as well. Each character can do up to 5 actions, with each action taking various amounts of AP. Characters can wait to regenerate the party's AP, and defensive actions only take AP if they are triggered. When enemies attack, this gives AP back to the party. Starting with the 3rd dungeon, the combat mechanics get a lot more interesting, but they will not be spoiled here.Overall: The game is more good than bad. It is about as casual as a dungeon crawler can get without going into straight Visual Novel territory. The game is recommended for anyone who is looking for an anime-style visual novel that has an RPG for all the fighting scenes.If you liked the gameplay of this game, then also try...- Stranger of Sword City (""normal"" difficulty compared to this game)- Wizardry 8 (""harder"" difficulty compared to this game)- Elminage Gothic (""very hard"" difficulty compared to this game)- The Bard's Tale Series (""brutal"" difficulty without any guides or maps)"
,Recommended,421600,24865843,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ray,"Only played a wee bit but here's some thoughts:- Love the art- Cool battle system- Visuals are neat in general- Neat levelling system- I like the character designs- Love the simple shonen anime style story- However the game is way too ♥♥♥♥ing easy, by the second type-1 Gigant I was only taking 1 damage from his attacks and this was without grinding. like seriously. ♥♥♥♥.If you like VNs and JRPGs you should grab it."
76561198026327453,Not Recommended,421600,28506545,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,egeslean05,"Other people (such as Saikyoh) have done very good reviews of Ray Gigant, but I've got to add my two cents.Ray Gigant has...had...potential, and while it's not a bad game, it's not a good one either. The Story is average at best, with the 'twists' (if you can call them that) are so obvious and underwelming that it hurts. The Characters are okay to forgetable (and some are just horrible...I'm looking at you Answerer, Ichiya, and Pink-Hair-Girl).But what I think really hurts Ray Gigant is the mind-numbing repetativeness of it. The game repeats everything each time you switch to a new group (which makes no sense as they have been getting information about the other groups the whole time, so they should know what to expect). The Dungeons and their floors may have different layouts, but they're going to look the same from one to the next, with a different theme for each group. The 'Dimensions' before the Type I Gigant fights all look exactly the same.I'm pretty sure the Devs knew they had very little content so they had to pad it to make the game longer, and that's why it is such a repetative, grindy game. The entire 'Dimension' was obviously added just to pad the play time clock, it does nothing to add to the game. In addition you cannot skip anything, because they again wanted to pad the clock.So every time you enter a dungeon and each floor and each dimension, your Yorigami will waste your time being asked to scan the place, then tell you it's going to scan it, then you'll go to a screen that says '(something) Meeting' which it will sit on for way to long (for no reason at all), then it will tell you it's scanning (and you have to wait once again for it to actually do something), and then finally it'll show you a 'map' with the placements of Gigants and chests, and then they will proceed to blab about it (which will almost never, ever give you any real information about it).If you'll like me, you'll become irritated by this after the 3rd or 4th time and come to hate it. Ray Gigant has too many screens that stay on for way too long and too many repeated, repetative, and reused assets that you'll see throughout the entire game, like the Sync Room and the various helicopters that are exactly the same from country to country, inside and out.The intermissions are a complete waste of time, only usefull because it's the only time you'll actually be able to grind the dungeon you just finished (and you'll need to do that if you want to level your 9 characters up). Or you can do what I recommend and use a Trainer and skip the horrible grinding for items that are only used to level your character. Maxing out your characters from the get-go isn't going to alter the game in any negative way. Sakura Dungeon has better dungeons and more variety than Ray Gigant does....let that sink in.Combat:The game features a dynamic 3-way view battle against towering Gigants. When facing huge Gigants, the characters within the party take position from 3 distances, each facing the Gigantwith methods fit for use from their positions.This is almost a complete lie. Sure when you attack or are attacked by a Type I Gigant the camera will shift to that character's position, except you can see that character because the camera zooms in on the Gigant. Other than those fights, this 'dynamic 3-way view battle' is no where to be found.............................Like I said, Ray Gigant had potential, the Devs just wasted it and made a very average (at best) game instead that relies on too much time padding and mindless repetition of assets with a weak story and weak characters (and no character development). If they ever were to make a Ray Gigant 2, I'd steer clear of it."
76561198048714684,Recommended,421600,24826904,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ShinPunnyD,"Most of the gameplay is pretty ""average"" in terms of dungeon crawling and enemy fights but it's really worth it when you get to the BIG KAIJU BOSS FIGHT where everyone in your party is literally fighting from different parts of the city because that's how friggen HUGE the bosses get.Also a fan of the anime ""transformation sequence"" where you get to play a rhythm game to boost your damage and then unleash all of it in one massive attack."
76561198160868511,Recommended,421600,32063731,Posted: 30 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"A hybrid game that combines the visual novel and dungeon crawler genre,originally published on PSVita it was also released in HD on Steam.PROs-Deep turn based battle system.-Great graphics and a gorgeous artstyle are used to full effect to give this game vibrant environments and gorgeous characters and monsters.-Complex dungeons.-Pretty good story.CONsIt's a tad too easy for my tastes.If you like RPGs with a turn based combat system,visual novels and dungeon crawlers this game will be a treat for ya."
,Recommended,421600,24843908,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BladeOfKitta,"I saw many people talking about this before it came out and decided it was worth a shot because I greatly enjoyed Experience's other outing on Steam, Stranger of Sword City. While this game is definitely not as hard, I find that the deeper story more than makes up for it. And as someone who ENJOYS Dungeon Crawlers that are difficult, it is a nice change of pace to have one where every single battle doesn't have me worried I'm going to misclick one thing and have everyone die. The art style is wonderful, and the fact that some new enemies/bosses speak to you is a welcome quirk. I don't speak fluent Japanese but as a fan of anime I know what a good VO sounds like, and this is one. You can HEAR the happiness/anger/frustration/evil/insert appropriate emotion here, and it actually fits with the subtitles. And the semi-4th wall breaking bits always give me a chuckle :-)Tl;DrTo anyone who enjoys anime rpgs with decent stories, or who enjoyed Stranger of Sword City,or to anyone who enjoys dungeon crawlers but has had the thought of ""gee, it would be nice maybe ONCE to play more than the tutorial in one of these things without feeling like wanting to punch a wall cause of a cheap death"", I heartily recommend this dungeon romp. Submit to fate! :-P"
76561198021884891,Not Recommended,421600,28970724,Posted: 3 January,all,Spyral,"Ray Gigant has been a severe disappointment for me. I was excited to play this game but soon found myself more and more bored as time went on. From a completely unlikable main character, pointless party members, to constantly repeated tutorials and unskippable cutscenes there is a lot to dislike.I pushed on through the repeated dungeons, the simple fights and the uneventful story but I wish I had simply refunded this after my first two hours."
76561198020729018,Not Recommended,421600,29510282,Posted: 26 January,all,ZeroGman,"So much potential, but it all falls apart mainly thanks to the main character being so boring and the battles WAY to easy.  I might change it to recommended if they fixed the Slash Beat Mode so that it was in sync with the music, had more character animations than the idle ones, and let you skip some of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorials that anyone who has ever picked up a controller for doesn't need."
,Recommended,421600,25351646,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Aurès,"Since this game have a ""mixed"" overall reviews, i feel like i have to throw my two cents.Before you start reading this i'd like to be clear :-I've been waiting for pc ports of Experience.inc games for very long.-I'm a huge fan of the JRPG/Japanese dungeon crawler genre.-Paradoxically, i find japanese cartoons quite boring 95 % of the time.Why did i pick up that game over Stranger of sword city knowing that it would be an average/Okay title at best ? Because i want to see the other vita's titles (Demon gaze mostly, and Operation Abyss) coming to Steam.The fact that the dev team took time answering the discussions in the game's forum and correcting quickly the issues that the game had at launch (for instance, i couldn't launch my saved files) is also another reason for me to say ""Yes"".Now for the game itself :-The story is interesting enough for me to stay invested. It's sure is slow to start off, but i can't say i was surpised nor i saw the twist coming a mile away.-Relationship between characters and their psychology is rather shallow, generally.-The Level up system although original is slow and the evolution is linear unless the RNG let you get a REALLY good weapon.-Some good idea concerning the combat system : Parallel management of offense/defense and the stamina to do so. Sadly it's deteriorated by low difficulty and hazardable choices (a standard menu would have been more functional).-Combat sprites are finelly animated (like Time and eternity), but the background and dungeon graphics gets pretty repetitive.-With the exception of the loud and RECURRING untimely alarms accompanying the apparition of Gigants or notable events of the story, the soundtracks are pretty good (especially during the rythm mini-game). The game have Japanese voices with english textes for the die hard fans of nipon babbling.-Dungeon crawling wise, it's the exact opposite of an Etrian Odyssey : Enemys and treasue are located from the start, and the map is fully revealed once you hit the save crystal.So if i have to break it down in one sentence : Ray gigant is more suitable for those who want to follow the story laid-back (wich is considered average by many) than the hardcore Dungeon crawlers gamers (even if the game shine by the aesthetics of the combats sequences)."
,Recommended,421600,24843889,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sylvarant,"Some problems at launch which are getting solved slowly , after checking the forum I notice mostly ppl who have window 10 can't start the game but developper is working on it .Gamewise  , the story is quite nice and there is no real fan service stuffs inside so if you're looking for it this game is not for you really . This game story is about a post apocalyptic world like attack on titan or god eater which divide in 4 arcs . Each 3 first arcs are story side of  one of the 3 yorigami bearers and their 2 teammates which mean 3 different chars each arc . Last arc will be the 3 yorigamis in same team to fight together . It has its own funny and sad moments to spice up the story .I have played like over 12 hours and I'm onyl at the start of arc 2 so i assume  to finish all the 4 arcs you would need at least 30-40 hours of gameplay unless you rush and skip on all the convos and only fight the strict minimum mobs/bosses you have to fight . I didn't even really grind  in dungeons yet I find myself too overpower for last boss of first arc so if you want an easy dungeon crawler with  need like zero or near zero grind go for it , if you want more challenge I wouldn't recommend this game although you do unlock a hard mode once you beat the game at least 1 time .The game has nice art and music excepte the smb attack part where the music end faster than the rythm game you're suppose to play which is weird . Other than that I have no real complain about music here .The characters are likeable but a bit too obvious as expect of japanese anime style game . Since the start of the game can cleary see a traitor among the group yet no one ever find it weird which I find funny . But then maybe because I play danganronpa too much so i always expect a traitor in the group since a start but then as I said typical japanese anime style story which love to spice things up with spy and traitors .Overall I would give this 7.5/10 or something Not good enough for 8/10 but nto bad enough for a 7/10 so 7.5 it will be ."
,Not Recommended,421600,30915964,Posted: 2 April,all,Fatty,"Gotta say, i absolutely love dungeon crawlers, ive played then since i was a little♥♥♥♥♥♥of a child, wasting away my life on pixels like a heavy chunk of people, this game, its just.. its not a game for the most part, its pretty, the graphics are smooth and the actual fights are mechanically well built.but theres the downside, youre going to spend 2/3 of your time talking to people since this is a visual novel with DC elements, as opposed to a DC with VN elements, if youre here for the dungeoneering, look elsewhere, this company made several good games, but this isnt one of them. as much as i would love to, i cant reccomend this game to anyone looking for a dungeon crawler. but hey, if you love visual novels, it might be right up your alley.but i just cant."
76561197971305233,Not Recommended,421600,24988262,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Runie,"The story is... okayish.  Yet sadly it is the focus of this game, and it cost it everything else.  The game is stupidly easy, has tons of insulting tutorials for things even a beginner to RPGs could figure out on their own, and takes too long to get started due to the focus on said story.I can't recommend it.  It has gorgeous aesthetics and music, but sadly is not fun to play at all.  Refund requested."
,Recommended,421600,26339230,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Tacos2Day,"Post-Apocalyptic Visual Novel / Dungeon Crawler JRPG a la Sci-Fi LightRay Gigant is essentially a Post-Apocalyptic Visual Novel / Dungeon Crawler JRPG a la Sci-Fi Light. It is a PSP Vita port which is why I think it doesn't have the best reviews on steam. People expecting a mondern console quality game will be dissapointed, and even with realistically tailored expectactions, Ray Gigant is not going to blow your socks off. It is, however, a nice little find with some bright spots and entertaining moments. I have just finished my first playthrough clocking in at 24 hours with the final 2 chapters being about 6 of that. I would absolutely recommend it on sale, I'm not sure about paying full price though.I love me some turn-based combat JRPG action which was my main reason for picking this up. I kind of nothing Visual Novels. They aren't a selling point or a detraction to me but that being said I feel like there weren't nearly enough scenes with voice acting. They felt few and far between.The story is very average with, as I mentioned before, a couple of bright spots. The lengthy introduction is not one of them. The first 40 minutes to an hour are exposition, character introductions and, basic battle mechanics with minimal gameplay to say the least, but it picks up from there. There are some laughs to be had at some of the character interactions, but they can also be bland and stale at times. The plot twists did their job and kept me intersted. Story 7/10By far the most intersting gameplay mechanic was the Weight system. Your character's battle actions and story related meals affect their weight and their weight offers stat bonuses. However, due to the game's difficulty lever (or lack thereof)  this mechanic is negligible. You don't have to grind, I only really fought when I needed to while grabbing most but not all of the resources (treasure chests) in the dungeons. The dungeons themselves are occasoinally challenging but nothing to brag about. Gameplay is semi-casual but it can be unforgiving if you become too complacent. You will probably catch on to the ideal way to level/focus your characters early on. If you do, you will dominate the final dungeon and boss.  Gameplay 7/10I know this isn't exactly a glowing recommendation, but I'm not a Ray Gigant salesman mmm kay. I was just so relieved to see an actual JRPG that wasn't ♥♥♥♥ing RPGMaker, it would have to be pretty bad for me to not recommend it. I'd say it's definitely a sound purchase if you can get it on sale."
76561198011539099,Recommended,421600,26308261,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,"Oh god...This was an AMAZING jorney, it is very hard for a game to make me actually SAD after finishing it, i'm sad because it's over, and i am still invested on the character and the universei really want to see more of this but, i think the story is finished, this game Will have a special place in my heart Always;) good job, great jobSubmit to Fate.Opose Fate.Gather under Fate."
,Not Recommended,421600,24901367,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Tinfoil Tier,"Here I am, right after final battle.So... yeah.Nice music, nice character desighn. And that's it.Story is ""meh"" at start and ""kill me please"" later.Battle and character progression mechanics is just worst. I mean it.Also note there is bunch of people who can't even run game due to bugs.Go get Strangers of the Sword City or Wizardry or M&M or whatever. This one is bad idea."
76561198053058320,Not Recommended,421600,24834107,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,CallMeMrPeaches,"When this game first released it piqued my interest, but I don't have a Vita so I forgot about it until now. Picked it up on Steam and I regret it. Yet another victim of poor porting. The fx and music are poor--hell, the music ends before you're finished with Slash Beat Mode: not that you could play that part like a rhythm game in the first place, as the music doesn't sync up with the button presses when it is there. The game crashes pretty frequently as well. The story could end up being solid enough, I suppose, but I can't be asked to finish it.----------------------------------------------------------------Edit: So I finished it. I get really bad buyer's remorse and sunk-cost fallacy. Anyway, the perspective from the other side: still not recommended. Many of the problems, aside from the crashing, remained through the entirety of the game. The story was uninspired and tropey, and what little character development there was was unsurprising, predictable from the moment you met the character. The level design was poor, repetitive, and frustrating at times. The entire game was painfully easy, with an inverse difficulty curve that plagues so many rpgs. I died a total of three times, twice because I got careless in the final dungeon, and once because May is freaking useless. Slash Beat Mode never worked properly, none of the music was engaging or memorable, and I suspect that some of the fx were public domain. None of the comedy landed.Positives: The aesthetics were lovely; the art style and character design were very good. The kaiju fights were satisfying. That's about it."
,Recommended,421600,24836188,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Basileus777,"The game is a bit on the easy side, but it's a solid dungeon crawler for those looking for more narrative in them.  The art is really nice and the port is decent."
,Not Recommended,421600,33556963,Posted: 15 July,all,Cerzel,"tl;dr version:Ray Gigant tries a lot of new things for Experience, but most of the ideas are only implemented half-heartedly and the story is rushed and unsatisfying despite a likeable cast.Long version:The review I wrote up ended up being too long to post in here, so I put it in the forums instead.http://steamcommunity.com/app/421600/discussions/0/1457328927838173348/"
76561198103651772,Not Recommended,421600,35433529,Posted: 2 October,all,Vigi React,"To old-schoolers, the battle system will be offensive to your dungeon-crawler sensibilities.It honestly seems like they spent the entirety of their time making the story, and at the end of development said, ""Slap some garbage together for the fights, this is releasing tomorrow!"""
,Recommended,421600,24900241,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,xxkawaiikittenxx,If you're a fan of JRPGs this is just what you're looking for!
76561198112024844,Not Recommended,421600,33001935,Posted: 29 June,all,mimozemstanfajka,Verry bad graphics pixelated as hell.Seems like some upscaled mobile phone game to 720p.
,Not Recommended,421600,25025523,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Noodles,"VerdictDon't buy this game unless you're really into generic anime tropes and cheesy lines for some reason, what's wrong with you? (Don't answer that, I don't want to know)First and for most if you plan to buy this game know that it's a visual novel first and dungeon crawler second.  The first hour of this you'll be spending reading dialog and mechanic explanations.The story is pretty generic and kinda reminds me of Godeater. Strong beings appeared and regular weapons don't work on them.  The only way to defeat them are with special individuals that can wield special items similar to the strong beings that give them weapons to fight and so on.  Dialog was cringy to me and some misplaced words, maybe the dialog lines were just skimmed through instead of inspected.The dungeon crawling, or gameplay, feels like it was added so the game wouldn't be labelled as just a visual novel.  This is where I made mymistake, with most japanese dungeon crawlers you rarely see any animation with the enemy sprites or even see your character in battle animated so I thought it was awesome.  Until I got into the first tutorial fight, after selecting a command your character disappears and it becomes the usual JRPG dungeon crawler. So much disappointment.The battle mechanics feature an action point system or AP that's shared with you three member party, you'll need to decide who will attack, heal or wait to recover more AP.  Another feature is an all out attack mode only activated my one of the three main protagonists, this mode is called Slash Beat Mode or SBM for short.  This is a rhythm game that will determine how many attacks you do, the better you do the more damage you dish out.My Final ThoughtsIf you want a dungeon crawl anime style, try something else.  I will admit the only other JRPG dungeon crawler I've played is Eliminage Gothic and that really statisfied that grindy japanese dungeon crawl I had once.  If you have a 3ds I would highly suggest the Etrian Odyssey series, it's probably one of the best if not number one Japanese dungeon crawling RPG.If you're really keen on getting it, wait for a sale at 60% or more."
76561198073461623,Recommended,421600,24837458,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,jstyles266,"omg the fan service is real. expect the ""fan art"" in 8-12 buisnes days"
,Not Recommended,421600,25016850,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,☠Elimination☠,"Doesn't even launch 60% of the time on my desktop, doesn't launch 100% of the time on my laptop. What more can be said."
76561198060168909,Not Recommended,421600,24909288,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Detective Newman,I take everything back about this game.
,Recommended,421600,24817896,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Riley,"Pretty cool. Easy, but pretty cool.EDIT: Yes, I know my playtime is small, but I've beaten the game on Vita."
,Not Recommended,421600,24817708,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dikkun,"The scenery and the battle animations are really neat, but the sound effects, the character design and the pure ""shounen style anime"" story (with a lot of clichés) is really obnoxious.Just no, sir.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT: Since most of you guys doesn't know how to differ a personal opinion from a world statement saying that ""this is game is bad and you should not play it"", lemme expatiate in a more technical way about the nature of my review.First of all, I am a person who does not dislike Shounen style manga and anime, but I'm rather picky about the ones that I read and watch, and that is one of the reasons I disliked the game.The setting of the story is interesting, even being a lot cliché, where the characters get placed in a world which is being threated by evil deities called Gigants (who have a pretty nice design, by the way), and it's up to a group of people to save the world from this menace, and they are called ""Demi Humans"".Ok, everyone has seen this kind of setting before, but even though is repetitive, we can still take on this game, because man, look at those sceneries! And look at those character animations! Damn, it is really hard to witness such wonderful graphical work in 2D JDungeon Crawling games (and no, I'm not being sarcastic here).But hey, what is wrong with the sound effects? Why do they sound like a mix of today sounds with those from cartoonso of the 80's? They seem really outta place in here, dude.And why do they have to go to school when the world is crumbling to the Gigant Menace? I do know that education is an important aspect of life, as it is responsible for social inclusion and cognitive development, but can't we forget this kind of thing at least for a while and SAVE THE EFFING WORLD FFS?Oh, and we have a siscom in here, who is jealous of the protagonist of the first chapter because his ~imouto-desu~ is interested on the main guy.You see, I wanted to like the game, man, but those issues are forbidding me to do so, specially the sound effects."
,Recommended,421600,24819462,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Trippi,BOOBS
,Recommended,421600,33257130,Posted: 4 July,all,Accelerator(Sentinal),"It's not too much of a stretch to say ""Ray Gigant"" is 'half dungeon crawler, half visual novel'. To put it candidly, there is a lot more dialogue than you would typically find from other Experience titles, and a lot more focus on character interaction and narrative.The localization by acttil is well done when it comes to character lines and writing - most of the time. The personalities shine through how the characters speak and interact with each other.However, while some character personalities and traits feel appropriately mixed into the dialogue, others devolve into overused quirks.The worst example is a character who feels to need to mention bars, alcohol, or drinking at any possible chance. It's just a shame that while some characters are pretty believable in their words and action while a few are nothing more than a gimmick.At large, the narrative is most similar to the popular anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. With the appearance of these Gigants, factions have arisen to counter and neutralize the worldly threat, hinging on the abilities of the young main cast. In order to combat the Gigants, the characters are thrown into various dungeons to find Markers which help locate where the creatures will show up next. In between story scenes, you'll find yourself diving into these labyrinths on a regular basis.The twist is that these various factions have different stances and ideals for how humanity should engage the Gigants. Throughout Ray Gigant, the player learns about the different goals and histories of the game's many characters There's enough mystery, intrigue, shifting loyalties, and secrets that kept me interested most of the way through."
76561198041136706,Recommended,421600,33344332,Posted: 7 July,all,petersly,"The game is pretty average.The novel is so-so. It has its strong points and few interesting twists, but mostly it is just passable. Characters show very little personal development despite very... unusual...circumstances and situations they get through.Dungeon crawling aspect is average. It is combat oriented, sImple puzzles become somewhat more common in chapter 13 and later, but should be easy for any dungeon player.Combat is standard turn based JRPG. If you are really collecting resources and do invest them properly it will become too easy. Even bossfights become very trivial, During final bossfight I have not seen my HP drop below 1/2 with any character and it took no strategy apart of ion attack and heal. Despite few options which may seem useful in theory no need to do anything more than that.Play time is below 30 hrs - if you play thoroughly. Game offers Replay, but there is very little value in it.Recommend - but only discounted, and for fans of VN and dungeon crawling only."
76561198062710598,Recommended,421600,35031949,Posted: 17 September,all,Thenais,"it should have been named :-playmobil : my first dungeoncrawler-dungeoncrawler for dummies-my grandmother can play this and win !but well, the ennemies are animated, so ... recommanded, hopefully it will become a trend."
