user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,422860,23762444,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DarkStarSword,"Quite a satisfying rhythm game. Compared to Audioshield it doesn't allow you to load up your own music, but the advantage of this is that the orbs can be perfectly synchronised to whichever instrument you are playing, which feels extremely satisfying! The positioning of the orbs also feels a lot better than Audioshield, to the point where I felt like I was playing an instrument and dancing rather than just flailing my arms about randomly like I was in Audioshield. The game also doesn't care which hand (or head!) you use for which orb, which is for the best IMO as you can just concentrate on enjoying the music :-)The game isn't finished yet, and I'm very much looking forward to the rest of the tracks. Here's hoping for some Symphonic Power Metal (probably not, but I can dream) :-pPlus bonus points for fistbumping a dragon!"
,Recommended,422860,28932926,Posted: 2 January,all,rpryke,"This review is based upon the state of the game in Early Access as of Jan 1, 2017.Not a traditional rhythm game, this game has a very limited selection of built in tracks, and plays primarily music from other sources.  The sources are OSU files and the game does contain a link to a 3rd party website where you must obtain them for yourself.  This game doesn't play your music library as its key selling point is accurate beat maps to the music.Thus you need the OSU files to be able to play anything beyond what's offered.It says it has a story mode, but as of right now it's just some static levels with some decently modeled dragons.Game progression is weak, making you play the same level 3-4 times in a row to different instruments to progress.Think of it like this, imagine that to unlock the next songs in Rock Band you had to play the same track as Guitar, Bass, Vocals and Drums in a row before you could play more.So that being said, what does this game offer?  It has a free play mode that is solely designed to use with aforementioned OSU files.  That is the real meat of this game, it's a VR representation of a Rhythm game interface that you can load 3rd party files into.I purchased this title for 9.99 and for using it as a VR OSU player so far it seems pretty cool.However, if I had paid 20 for this I'd be upset as I'd expect to have a decent amount of tracks to play included and not need 3rd party files for my gameplay past 30 minutes.I'm not against that as a game method, if you check my profile you'll see I have beat hazard and audiosurf.  However, the store page for those games is very open about what they are.IF you are purchasing this on its episodic merits and story mode I'd suggest not purchasing the title, voice acting is ok, not great, and gameplay progression isn't fun.This is an early access title, something that I usually don't purchase after seeing too many games get dropped by developers as they wish to move on to something else.  I've only ever made 3 exceptions, Minecraft, Subnautica, and this game currently.I like it as an OSU player and for that I feel it's worth $10 but I can't recommend it at a higher price than that as it is right now.Don't buy this if you are looking for a better working audio shield as it is not a beat generator, don't buy this if you are looking for VR Project Diva with a lot of great included music to start.Do buy this if you want to play primarily Japanese and electronic music and are willing to go to third party sites to get OSU files.If you go in knowing what you are purchasing I think you'll probably be a happy customer."
,Recommended,422860,30437968,Posted: 10 March,all,DPS,"This game has changed my life. I was once your 400-lb typical white male, but Holodance changed me. In just a matter of minutes I was soaked in sweat and my arms became limp and unsuable. I grinded it out and got 2 hours in my first session; when I took the headset off Niagra Falls came out.. of my face, and the mask. I could feel the sweat drop from my hole down to my ankle while furiously waving my arms like a mentally challenged kid with a shovel in the sandbox. Thanks to this I can also play my favorite osu! songs including Haitai and The Big Black. This game has changed my life, it's great for entertainment and exercise use. In just 4 hours i've managed to change from a 400-lb no-life white male into an 8 year old black korean girl."
,Recommended,422860,23852673,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nutz4VR,"I have to admit, I was skeptical. I really thought this game would be just another Audioshield. I didn't think another rhythm game would be able to beat (No pun intended) it in terms of fun, and worried it would be a clone lost in my game library. But in reality, you can't even compare the two. Their only true similarity is that they are both rhythm based games.Holodance starts you off in front of a giant dragon who teaches you the ropes of the game. The controls are very intuitive and easy to use. One button (the trigger) is required to select a mode, and the gameplay itself only consists of physically hitting the notes. You are playing the songs through a transparent board. The notes hit behind it, while you hit the board where the notes are striking. All twelve songs contain different instruments that double as different difficulties. This was the number one complaint with Audioshield. Being too easy. This is in no way shape or form, too easy. The difficulty progresses as the levels go on, eventually making you use your head as well as your hands to hit the notes. Once you get far enough in the game, the notes start going very fast, and it is very hard to keep up (this does not make it any less fun, it just provides more of a challenge, making the replayablity level very high).All the notes are completely custom, meaning it is synchronized PERFECTLY to the music. This makes it feel as though you are actually playing the song. If you don't hit a note, the note will not play.Holodance also comes jam packed with your own personal exercise machine.Due to the notes transitioning to different locations such as; farther to the left, right, or down, this game makes you slide, crouch, and punch providing an excellent and fun workout.Holodance is not a ""Instead of"" for Audioshield and vise versa. They are both great, and both worth the purchase if you like rhythm games. I can not simply recommend one over the other as they are very different.NOTE: Don't let the ""early access"" tag scare you away. The amount of content it currently has is very enjoyable, and the bugs are very minimal. The developer is very active with working on this game, and it gets updated very frequently."
76561198093759418,Recommended,422860,33233707,Posted: 4 July,all,Shu,"I tried them all out: Audioshield, Soundboxing, Holodance, Beats Fever and Airtone.I directly need to say Audioshield was the worst of them.1.	Airtone (most expensive, great look and gameplay, limited songs) Highly recommended!2.	Holodance (really really great, nearby nr. 1 and by far nr. 2) Highly recommended!x (Soundboxing - can not recommand at this time as it is very buggy, uploading beatmaps does not work and virtual keyboard does not work for Oculus users)3.	Beats Fever4.	AudioshieldAudioshield: it did not feel like a rhythm game at all and it had only a few sound-stages. The gameplay was not in sync with the music as the algorithm does not do that well. Every game with predefined beatmaps is far superior. You Tube integration does not help. Gameplay feels often chaotic and shallow.Soundboxing: Gameplay felt more serious as in Audioshield. It has user made beatmaps and a youtube integration. You can easily create beatmaps to your own favorite songs and share them. It has 12 different show-stages. -- Can not be recommanded atm as uploading beatmaps does not work and the virtual keyboard does not work for Oculus users --Beats Fever: Good looking environments, 40 songs with predefined beatmaps. Songs are a bit generic, gameplay is okay but does not feel that organic. A bit chaotic at times.Holodance: with Osu! integration, great looking, fun gameplay, definitely one of the best. Through Osu integration nearby infinite gameplay. Highly recommended!Airtone: Best rhythm game out there, if you can life with Japanese pop. It has the best rhythm gameplay of all of them: you have to punch/slap the notes, just holding the stick in the direction is not enough; your punches/slaps make a sound when you hit so you hear the rhythm you are beating (not just a short vibration), the presentation is very beautiful, every song has three difficult levels, all in all very fun and addictive. 25 Tracks included. Highly recommended!"
76561198066945294,Recommended,422860,30944723,Posted: 4 April,all,GATOxVoS,"Highly reccomended. Very easy to pick up and have fun with, but the sky's the limit in terms of difficulty thanks to their osu! support. I regularly play this game as my cardio workout, and it is the most fun I've ever had while sweating like crazy. I can see this being a go-to game in virtual reality for a long time to come.The developer is updating very regularly, and constantly trying to improve the quality of this game, and it really shows. I continue to see more polished game every major update, which is something hard to find in the sea of VR games that are continuing to crop up. They are also very quick in responding to issues with their game, so you know that your investment in this game won't dissappoint due to poor support.Grab this game, even if it's just for a quick play every now and then. After adding this to your library, you won't be dissappointed."
76561198006610773,Recommended,422860,29277248,Posted: 15 January,all,Rallemann,"Oh - my - god. I just played this game (Oculus Rift with Touch Controllers in a 2.0 x 1.8m large space) for two hours in total and I love it. This is the program everybody was talking about when we said that computer players in future will be muscular fitness monsters because of VR. I downloaded several songs from OSO like Funky Town and ABC by the Jackson Five, fired this program up and had lots of fun moving violently until I ended up as a sweaty meatball. Since I had not finished the (tutorial) story mode yet, I do not understand the meaning of each orb type coming at me, but I just kept hitting them and tried to maximize my score.I will see whether this game will convince me to regularly do some sports, but I feel that it is one of the most fun activity to burn calories."
,Recommended,422860,34595906,Posted: 29 August,all,1neStepJourney,Highly recommend to all osu players. Arguably the best VR rythm game on Steam.
76561198027043043,Recommended,422860,28230463,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,pachex,"Have to say, I have been enjoying Audioshield because of the ability to use your own music library, but I've always been kind of disappointed in the beat mapping not matching up for many songs.Holodance's Osu support blows Audioshield completely out of the water. I listen to primarily Japanese music anyway, and this game seriously delivers what I was looking for (a DDR style VR game to get me exercising). Beat mapping is top notch, and making it compatible with Osu was a seriously good idea."
,Recommended,422860,22659557,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dr. Nebsterio,"""Dad!  There's a dragon in the living room!  It wants to be my friend and dance with me""""Don't encourage it, son.""So!  At long last I was finally able to give this one a try.  I had been watching videos while failing in my chair shaking my remotes about and crying so I would say that I wanted to play this a bit.  I played quite a bit of Rock Band back in the day; I can't even recall how many times I mangled my drum sets and had to fix the damn things.  I enjoy rhythm games, I am somewhat musically inclined and what not.While starting out, I found myself standing in a gorgeous tropical setting perched on a holographic dance pad.  After taking in what I could of my surroundings I caught glimpse of a dragon.  He was a big guy, rivaling the size of a bus, and he landed right in front of me nearly crushing me.  I instinctively dodged to the left, his snout grazing my right cheek.  Such arrival could have been the dragon wishing a fight so I glanced at my hands to see what tools of death the game provided.  Two small handles, not dissimilar to the rubber grips one could find on bicycle handlebars.  What trickery is this?!The dragon spoke; honeyed words for sure, foul beasts are ripe for deception and misdeeds.  I payed little attention to the toxic words he was trying to poison my mind with.  I was poised for combat but in an odd gesture the dragon raised it's hand in an attempt for a 'high-five'.  Some sort of taunt to lure me off guard.  I told the creature that I would acknowledge his facade of honor, perhaps a sort of bow before attempting to slay one-another.With a slap of the... claws?  My hand had become scaled!  The illusion quickly wore off as the dragon withdrew to the sky.  The handles I held seemed to activate not long after turning to... Sock'em Boppers?!  Removing the tainted heart from your pleural cavity will be more fun that a pillow fight!  He will surely use his gained height to add speed to his attack dive.  I decided to use the crucial moment to my advantage and attack with all the fury I could muster.It was then when the beast came to a hover when I begun to truly fear for the worst.  He had been trying to lull me into a calm with catchy music.  Such a trick would only work on an infant; but I was caught off guard for the orbs.  The orbs begun to careen towards me and I instinctively raised one of my hands in a vain attempt to sacrifice only a limb so the rest of me could dodge any further onslaught.  However, instead of having my hand seared with burning agony the orb burst into light.  Then it happened again.  I was able to withstand the assault without as much as a scratch.  Could I have been wrong?The display of lights continued to emanate from the airborne creature, the arrival of the orbs seemed to correspond with the musical progression.  I found myself actively involved in a sort of game: I was enthralled!  Only later did the thought cross my mind that this could have been an attempt at hypnotizing me but I continued to play this dragon's game.  Each orb I struck I found myself further and further involved in the music while the dragon looked on.  I was willingly aiming for trick shots and exaggerated movements for an extra sort of style; I even found I could break the orbs upon my head without any harmful effects.  By this time I was completely absorbed in this activity with no hope left to resist the temptation of the beast's game.Eventually the music came to a finale and the dragon ended his light show with congratulatory utterance.  As the following deafening silence rang in my ears, I was reminded of how a cat will play with a mouse before landing the killing blow in an attempt to exhaust the poor victim so it may attack with much less risk of a retaliatory strike.  The blood fled from my limbs and face as a bead of sweat rolled down my brow.  I let my guard down at the worst time and I would pay the ultimate price for such negligence: death.As the beast came back for a landing, all I could do was take a pitiful step back in a hopeless attempt to delay my impending doom.  In my potentially final moments I tried to take in as much as I could: the flowing foliage undulated around me with calming ocean sounds.  Such a place could be considered a vacation spot but I thought I would only find my eternal sleep in this place.  But what I would most vividly remember was something that shook me to the very core.The dragon raised it's paw and presented me with a gesture.  I immediately recognized this gesture to the universal symbol of both friendship and approval.  Had I been deceived?  No!  The fist bump was an unalienable sign shared among those who would be considered close.  This being I feared and reviled suddenly approached me as an equal with no intention for hostilities.  I first considered this dragon to be dishonorable but I immediately begun to question my own honor.  In my short life I have only seen dragons as vessels of chaos and destruction so my prejudice only blinded my vision of the peaceful one who was before me.  I raised my hand which had become that of a dragon once more.  I looked into this creature's eyes and returned the eponymous 'Bro Fist' that he offered.So anyway, that's how I got to level 2.Such friendships are often born from surviving a struggle but this was a struggle from within.  It is odd to find someone who you once considered a hated enemy to become a most treasured friend.  This dragon taught me the errors of my ways of viewing his kind with only preconceived opinions of anger and fear.  My heart feels much more full after finding warmth and hope where I before only knew pain and darkness.  You cannot judge a book by its cover and you cannot judge a dragon by his scales.  At least until your dad reminds you it's just a video game.  A damn good one at that; one that I am very eager to see progress through Early Access and come to fruition as a strong leading title in this VR frontier.  As I was once very hesitant to buy Early Access titles from being burned in the past, I was able to look past that moniker and find a real gem."
76561198247052004,Recommended,422860,22824291,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,bigwalt3898,"wow this was a very fun game love the dragon theme and the beats are really well done, and I get my exercise to lol.  10/10"
76561197973635617,Recommended,422860,24012605,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Peter le Gitan,"I'm writing this review in case some on is in the fence between this game and Audioshield. Although both are rythm games, they are different enough to make it worthwhile to purchase both of them. These are my reasons:- Holodance makes you feel more like dancing or playing an instrument as the orbs that come towards you are perfectly synchronised to the songs. Meanwhile, in Audioshield the synchro isn't perfect as is automatically generated to fit your songs. As I love to dance to my own songs and I don't particularly like (or dislike) the songs selected by Holodance, for me this one is a tie.- If you are looking to break a sweat in the most efficient way, Holodance would be the answer. The game is more difficult than vanilla Audioshield (although there are already mods to improve the workout aspect), and as I wanted to see more dragons it kept me engaged and interested in playing more. As Audioshield doesn't have a story mode nor a playlist, it's easier to just play two songs and call it quits. Also, in Holodance you have also to hit the orbs with your head, which makes for a more thorough workout. Holodance would be the winner then, but the problem is that in just a 55 minutes session I've already unblocked all the songs that are available at the moment, so I'll have to come back to Audioshield for the time being, where I can play any available song in the market.- If you are looking for inmmersion, Holodance offers you the possibility to enter into an universe populated by dragons and to help them restore the harmony of their world (which you have to recognize is neat enough). Unfortunately, the interaction with the dragons is very limited at the moment and we get just a hint of what the story is supposed to be about. At present then, I wouldn't say that Holodance has a clear advantage towards Audioshield in that aspect, as although the other game has no story to talk about, the ambiance spells ""Tron"" enough to make it interesting without even bothering to add anything more.I recommend this game to anyone that wants to be a bit more active and have fun in a cool environment, but I have some nitpicks to make all the same:- Selecting a ""new instrument"" is a bit too convoluted. Some times I select the wrong instrument and I don't know how to get rid of it. In the end, I just wait for the orb with the instrument to move a bit so it doesn't collide with the rest of the orbs. Even then, if you miss the dragon when you throw the orb you have to start again, which I found a hassle.- The concept of new instrument is a bit weird (I was expecting my avatar to have differents things in my hands, but wasn't the case).- There's only interaction with the first dragon, which is a pity, because it was really well implemented so it leaves you wanting for more. I hope that when the next stages will become available, we'll be able to play with the dragons again.- The game stutters a bit with a SS x2 in a GTX 1080. I also noticed that one of the orbs got stuck behind my back while playing a song and just kept there in the middle of the air until I turned back and touched it.- The height settings doesn't seem to work properly. I choose to customize (as I'm a shortie) and everything went well until I had to hit the orbs with my head and they were out of my reach."
76561198092545575,Recommended,422860,28577678,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,toona,"Holodance is definitely one of my favorite VR games right now. It feels like if someone took the fast pace of Guitar Hero, but removed limitations of buttons. Instead of having 5 different buttons to press, you have to move your hands around to catch notes. Every song matches the notes perfectly, the gameplay feels really exhilarating and satisfying, and to top it off, it’s a good workout. The only limitations for difficulty are how fast you can read the music flying toward you, how fast you can move your hands, and how long you can play. It’s really easy to get into the game, because there’s no muscle memory to worry about, and it’s really easy to get addicted because of how great it feels to play and improve."
,Recommended,422860,22440439,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,SiLeX,"This is so much better than Audioshield. Holodance will literately make you dance while hitting those spheres in perfect sync to the music. This is a completely different experience than algorithmic-based music games.In the current alpha state there are only 3 songs, of which every single song will get stuck in your head for hours or days (Gosh, I would buy the soundtrack just for the Level 1 Song!). There was put so much effort and love into the game. The Voices, the animations, everything is just wonderful.The Holodance-Team announced that they want to add an editor and Steam Workshop support. So expect to have a gigantic library of perfectly syncronized songs in the mid-far future!Keep on going you wonderful developers, artists and musicians!"
76561198108952114,Recommended,422860,22713718,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Torus,"Dance with dragons, feel like an awesome musician, and arrange beautiful planets, that play awesome techno for you. What the game does better than everything else (including audio shield): Sound an visuals become one. Highly synchronize, different effects for each instrument. Just like a audiovisulizer ideally works!"
,Recommended,422860,30759838,Posted: 26 March,all,FruitF@ce,"Others have already described the game, so I won't talk about that much.A total blast, and quite the workout.  You will sweat!I've mainly played beatmaps via the OSU! integration, though the story mode seems pretty good.Things I liked:There's a clubbing environment (my favorite) that lights up with sweep lights, and other things when you're doing well in a song.  Very immesive, and blast with some good fast music pumping.Most beatmaps have different difficulty levels. and some beatmaps are really crazy, but you feel like a boss when you do really well.Height Adjustments:  Click a button and the game adjusts to your individual height.  Very handy.Devs are very responsive.  They are constantly working on the game, and there's clearly a lot of passion and talent going into this.OSU! Beatmaps are free and add lots of variety, and you can make your own, outside of the game, and soon, inside the game.Beatmaps are precise, and are generally well made.Negatives:I haven't had a bad time yet, so I have no complaints :)Other things:There are bugs and some incomplete features here and there, but this is early access, and the devs are very active, so no worries here.Some things that had initially kept me away from rhythym games was poor beat detection in some games, or lack of content.  In this case beatmaps eliminates the beat detection issue.Beatmaps take care of content, along with the custom content the devs are adding, and while there is alot of J-pop in the OSU! beatmap seleciton, there's also quite a bit of EDM and other Electronic music, with a smattering Rock, and a little Hip Hop.Check out OSU! and the download sections to see what's there.  It's free, and really extends the value of the game, if you find something that floats your boat.  Again, the game also has it's own custom content, so there's unique stuff to discover.TL;DR  Lots of fun, lots of excersize, no regrets!"
,Recommended,422860,24719817,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,IronPanda,"Once you get the game dynamic this is brilliant. I like Audioshield because if you get the right song (and the beats match) and you're in the zone it's the definition of 'mindfullness'. In Holodance the beats always match, and when you get it, this is like a musical boxing match, ducking and weaving, matching your punches to the beat so they land precisely.  It needs a tutorial and the devs are working on this, there's a lot of settings that aren't immediately apparent. If you're looking for a game that combines movement and skill then don't pass this one up. There's a lot more to it than first appears."
,Recommended,422860,33525082,Posted: 13 July,all,Levi Barrocas,"Holodance is one of my favorite VR experiences,if not my favorite. I just love the OSU support and is one of my favorite games to demo to people.COmpletely recommend it!PS: I had a problem and i talked directly to the dev and he helped me fix the problem completely!"
76561198058395115,Recommended,422860,22967280,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BadgerBator,"Great Game! although the music isnt the type i would sit down and listen to, it fits really well with the style of the game and I cant help myself getting into it when im playing. the game really takes you into the music by synchronizing the beats you have to hit perfectly. you can tell a lot of thought and effort has went into where and when the orbs appear - it really gets you dancing along with the music. and you get to fistbump a dragon, so its all good."
,Recommended,422860,28455523,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Karunamon,"Holy crap!Holodance basically fixes all the annoyances that made me refund Audioshield after an hour. The tracking in this game is spot on - it's not like Audiosurf where your gameplay has no effect on the music, but more like Guitar Hero, so it actually feels like you're playing the song. Missing cues means the notes don't play.There's also the support for Osu beatmaps, and if you have no idea what that means, it means there's a whole community out there tracking up songs that can be played in this game. Just google Osu and look for the one with the pink cookie logo.The price is perfect, the game is great. The voice acting isunspeakablycorny, but given that's the aesthetic they were going for (hey, this is a game in which you high five dragons), I can't really fault it.Highly recommended for everyone with VR gear!"
76561198005742401,Recommended,422860,22960915,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,wolfje,Really nice  game and i'm really curious to see how it develops. Already had a great time and workout while playing!
76561198039692076,Recommended,422860,28614920,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jax,The Osu support made this game epic. Not to mention these beautiful worlds. A must have for VR.I would really like to see this become a VR version of Osu (with judegement etc) and the movements sometimes feel too small. But I can already see it as my daily workout.Keep up the good work!
76561198077253135,Recommended,422860,23653011,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,LeapSeven,Fun experience!Despite being a work in progress I felt my money was well spent. I have logged six hours. I find it a fun relaxing break and the enviroments to be calming compared to audiosheild. I find that the dragons add a nice fantasy element to the gameplay. Though the voice action could use some work and I think that the mouths should move with speech.The developer appears to be working hard on this and recently added some test levels. I look forward to seeing more.
76561198049205125,Recommended,422860,33116531,Posted: 1 July,all,hster,I am absolutely loving this game after leaving story mode for OSU free mode.  I have played Audioshield and other sweat inducing VR games but the perfect beat matching of Holodance and different target modes of OSU makes it levels more fun than Audioshield.I had never heard of OSU before this game and followed instructions pinned on the discussion board.
76561198300726250,Recommended,422860,22746140,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,louis.bouchard,"I really love this game!! It definitely needs more levels and it seems that Alpha 51 introduced some performance issues but I just had a session hunting for achievements and that was so much fun! And it's suprising how well you can play with just your left hand, or your right hand, or the craziest one: with only your head!!!!! But if you try this, be careful which track you pick because some really don't work for this achievement, while others look like they are almost designed for it. And you feel pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥when you handle the game with just one hand.I really don't get what all the Audioshield hype is about. It's cool that you can play any song but with those that I played, it felt totally random and more like an interactive audio-visualizer.Hopefully, the Holodance developers will finish the game soon because I can't wait to play the full game. So hurry up guys, okay!?"
,Recommended,422860,23620148,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,PaulB-UK,"Just a quick review after about 40mins of fun and been too worn out to do any more for today.....There are a number of complete levels right now, I have played four so far and have been enjoying them all.In other update to a negative comment posted before - you CAN now skip everything except the game which I have been doing since the start.The play style is a little harder than people may be expecting as its more about ""playing"" the different parts of the song and knowing the part you are playing is fairly vital when it gets to the more tricky parts of the track - however even on the first try just having slowly got into the song it makes sense where and when you need to move your hands.I hope that this game gets the love and attention it deserves as although it lacks rush that Audioshield gives me with my own music it is a highly enjoyable different style of audio game which i am glad i have."
76561197974745749,Recommended,422860,27388513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Western Lion,Fantastic music and dance game. This is worth it just for the OSU! support.
,Recommended,422860,23089721,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Xentrig,"Extremely limited at this time, but a great concept.  I see music rythm games doing well on the Vive.  It's as early access as the Vive is right now, so keep that in mind before purchasing."
,Recommended,422860,24329414,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kaleign Genikal Gilkaen Kaelign,"When I first looked at this game, I didn't think I would like it. The early levels and videos didn't have music that I enjoy (light and fluffy). But, I eventually saw a video that included some of the newer content with music that was much more to my liking (darker, heavier melodies). Based on that, I bought the game and I wasn't disappointed. It's a lot of fun rocking out to the newest content in the game (as of July 2016). The pace is frantic and it feels like playing the music. Looking forward to more fun as development continues!"
,Recommended,422860,28666266,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DreamCloud,"I only got it because of the dragons, though the gameplay was a nice plus."
,Recommended,422860,28936847,Posted: 2 January,all,KillZacular,"Honestly, I bought this game soley because I thought Audioshield looked kind of ugly as far as visuals go. I definitely don't regret my purchase. The Osu beatmaps don't translate super well since they are obviously made for a mouse not two hands, but it is fun to play with them nonetheless. The game is very enjoyable and I will continue playing it often and probably work on some of my own custom beatmaps that fit the songs a little more accurately in the future. This is a nice, inexpensive dance/beat game."
,Recommended,422860,29214719,Posted: 12 January,all,Beanboy2000,"This is my favorite rhythm game…by far. Wasn’t a huge fan of Audioshield as the gameplay and music always seemed out of sync. This is far better IMO. The story mode is definitely a work in progress, but it has a lot of potential and I look forward to future updates. My favorite part is the OSU! support. I have never heard of OSU! but I downloaded it and got it working in the game (which was super easy). So much fun. If you like rhythm games, this is totally worth the money."
76561197960830998,Recommended,422860,31082698,Posted: 11 April,all,-=DVF=-De-Guvnor,"OVERVIEW: music game, with OSU Support, headbutt, and hand hit musical beats in VR.Have you ever played one of those games , where you just want it to do well because it seems so undervalued?Holodance is exactly that to me, it's easily the best rhythm game in my collection, is pretty innovative and very well presented.Despite having performance issues on level 1 (not the best welcome - but may be fixed now) , this is a massively polished experience and I enjoy every chance I get to play another round or five.Also , leaving the best till last - it's got FULL OSU support - for those that don't know what this is, think Elite Beat Agents or Ouendan! on Nintendo DS.So you can add your own beatmaps and music and play or use the exclusive in game music in story mode.Thanks devs, I'm really enjoying where this game is going, and appreciate where it already is!"
76561198078224801,Recommended,422860,23335876,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,robby520,"I was surprised by how much I liked this game. Since the beats are programmed and written in with the song, they are 100% on point. Very good game so far. Also, the controls in this game already feel really polished and precise."
,Recommended,422860,34538313,Posted: 27 August,all,FastLawyer,"UPDATE:I played the game more and the game was also updated by the dev.  I can definitely change my recommendation to ""yes.""  There is a reason for that.  My biggest complaint was that the in-game music was not all that great and that I felt the gameplay was just ""catching balls"" with the cup looking hands on your tracked motion controller.However, the game is a lot more than that.  You have to use your head now to also hit the marks and there's sliders on the notes that you have follow along with.  The degree of difficulty within the song runs from easy to very difficult.  You are a more active participant in the music rhythm and this challenge just makes the game all that more interesting and different than other VR rhythm games.  I definitely started to enjoy the more upbeat electronic music that raised the difficulty as well.Lastly, my reason for changing my recommendation is a very active developer.  Not only responded to my concerns, but updated the game to make it even better and the updates are stil coming.  I was absolutely stunned to hear the game avatar water dragon announce to check steam for updates :D------See my old review below -------I love rhythm games and I'll give most of them a chance.  However, the big thing for me in enjoying any music rhythm game is that itmustenhance my enjoyment of music.  Unfortunately, this game failed to do that.That's a shame because this game has a lot of nice things going for it.  First of all, the play element (catching balls essentially) is on beat.  It is one of the best rhythm games in matching gameplay to beat.  Also, this game has one of the most beautiful VR environments (or levels) to play in.  Beautiful views all the way around.However, even though the gameplay is on beat, it really doesn't give you an illusion that you're playing the instrument (the sound it's making to the beat, whether it's drum snares, etc.)  At the end of the day, you're just catching balls at a predetermined location and you wouldn't need to listen to the song to be able to do it correctly.The worst part is that the included music is just not very good or memorable.  Maybe if you're really into EDM, techno, or electronica, you will enjoy this music.  It just seemed very bland.  Nothing made me want to dance.  In fact, it made me think I was in an elevator and had to do busy work in between getting to my floor.I did not try the OSU integration, but I did look at youtube videos online of this feature. I think that's a step in the right direction, but not enough for me to change my non-recommendation.Rate 4/10 (could change my vote to recommend with future updates)"
76561198042941318,Recommended,422860,23403315,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,fiveOunceHide,"Holodance is one of the games that I always come back to. Currently it has the most play time out of all my VR games (23 and counting) and I’m not even close to being bored of it. Alpha 53 has added loads of content with more coming – so the lack of content for me isn’t an issue anymore.While it will never have the unlimited content of AudioSurf,  the game really does a good job at making you feel like you are playing the music. This is something that I found AudioShield lacks (since the gameplay is generated by the computer.) Because of this, you really get into the music and it provides a much more immersive feeling. The characters also add a level of interaction which is greatly welcome versus other game’s barren stages.Overall this game is worth the price of admission and I suspect it will be a must have for VR once fully released.Just keep in mind that this is an early build and  you will run into some bugs, but it still playable and a blast to play!TLDR: Quality over quantity. Worth the price if you enjoy rhythm games and music."
76561197971098223,Recommended,422860,22976573,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,torx,"Wow is all i gotta say!!  Seriously, if anyone wants a good workout BUY THIS GAME.  The underwater level sold me months ago because of the audio track, and actually finally being able to play it is amazzzinngg!  That track sounds so good to my ears, maybe its because i grew up listening to psytrance/trance/dnb/electro/rave.  If you can create more tracks like this with trippy backgrounds im all in for more levels and dlc.  I get into it by squatting down and hitting the notes,  and you get a nice leg workout.  My legs are mush already.  Sweating, heart racing, legs gonna be jello tommorrow.  Great job on this game, cant wait to get more updates!"
,Recommended,422860,29018222,Posted: 4 January,all,~Eden S B~,"As of the time of writing, I'd say this is the best VR rhythm game of those I've played. Audioshield feels more satisfying just for gameplay, but the fact that this actually matches the beats and has a good selection of music with osu-support makes it great."
,Recommended,422860,32119540,Posted: 1 June,all,MysticK,"I'm new to this whole genre and am very impressed.  I haven't been playing long but I have not experienced any of the issues other people have had with stability.  It's going to take some getting used to but this is a very fun, immersive game.  I just with there were more interesting beatmaps out there other than EDM and Asian titles.  I understand this is mainly an Asian fad, but I can see this picking up big time elsewhere and look forward to more content."
,Recommended,422860,24964298,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ferretlegs,"Hitting the balls of dragons is usually a BAD IDEA if you like staying alive.  Dragons can breathe flames you know.  But in this case, these masochistic dragons not only love it when you hit their balls, they also want you to Dance while you do it.  Amazing!  So if you are into the synchronised nut punching of giant mythical reptiles then this is most certainly the game for you!  Live out all of your fantasises about 'giant lizards' (hehe) while playing a more focussed and beat-accurate version of Audioshield.  Funky ball busting dragon dancing FTW!PS. Synchronised Nut Punching should be an Olympic sport, lobby your local IOC official to have it included for the 2020 Japan games today!  (Lets face it, those crazy guys over there will be down with it for sure)"
76561198043864211,Recommended,422860,28573782,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Elrondel,"I refunded Audioshield for this game. Best VR decision I've made so far. The difficulty really ramps up and Osu! support is a fantastic feature, with some kinks that are being ironed out. Best of all, the dev is incredibly active on forums and Reddit."
,Recommended,422860,29515316,Posted: 26 January,all,Pho King,Awesome game especially with osu support! The beatmaps are really well synced and I've found tons of music to enjoy! Totally worth the small asking price :)
76561198061351355,Recommended,422860,29551492,Posted: 28 January,all,soul drop,"A good proper vr rhythm game that's well worth the price even in early access.While i personally don't have much interest in the story mode, adding in support for osu! beatmaps was surely the right choice here. Osu! offers literally more than thousand of maps and songs, ready to play. And there's even online scores for every map.Despite being early access, the core mechanics are pretty solid and i've personally not encountered any serious or gamebreaking issues. One of the developers goes around a lot to talk to the community. They are friendly, open minded and can take constructive criticism.With gameplay like this, frequent updates and a progressive and optimistic developer like that, there's not much else i can do to recommend this game if you're looking for a good vr rhythm game."
76561198032078112,Recommended,422860,33156841,Posted: 2 July,all,JesusFreak,"Excellent, best rhythm game! OSU supports is huge! Different than the others- if you are offbeat you will hear it while others are silent, there's not just circular orbs but sliders which add to the feel if done rigth in the beatmap. The environments fantastic, especially the night club. Wish more of the OSU songs lined up with the beat, wish it was easier to make your own OSU beatmap, but I see that developer is working on a beat editor/creator. If you wanna have a workout, or just have fun listening to music with your whole body, let yourself loose and try it. If you can find the right OSU songs with beats that are insynch coming towards you, and you let yourself loose, you will get lost having fun! There are some really good beatmaps to lose yourself in, see the discussions page!Much better than soundboxing!"
,Recommended,422860,30521268,Posted: 15 March,all,G-Dub,"I was immediately impressed by the gameplay. I highly recommend turning on particle effects and bloom, they really make hitting those orbs feel satisfying.In the 6th grade I got up early every day to be in my school's steel drum band and I hated getting up early. This game transported me back to those good times.Also, I high-fived and fist-bumped a dragon and was complimented by a manta-dolphin, so I just have to recommend this one. Nice camera options for recording yourself playing as well, just top notch work here:https://youtu.be/3B1cYVMXc_A"
,Recommended,422860,24099575,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[GFY] 80hd,"I'm going to be honest with you, due to the blue haired chick on the cover (yes, I judged the book by its cover, your honor) I passed this over while looking for Multiplayer games to play with the wifa.  Audioshield LOOKED cool... and seeing that this was similar, I read reviews on both... Audioshield lets you play your own music (awesome) but Holodance actually synchronizes with the rhythm... honestly, it ends up being a no-brainer... if you want to listen to music and randomly smack stuff, awesome, there is a game for you.  If you want to fist bump and extremely lethargic blue-eyed space-invading dragon after whooping it on to some pretty decent tunes that ""feel"" right, this is your game.  I gotta say, I've had some pretty good experiences with the Vive and VR so far, but after rocking this out for an hour and sweating more profusely than any other VR title, I gotta say, this is really something special.  I'm generally into blowing stuff up, shooting stuff down, or at the very least saving the galaxy... this game is a notable exception.  8/10, fully expect 11/10 when they are done with it."
,Recommended,422860,28107170,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Avatar,"Original review below. The devs have been listening and it seems that all of these issues are fixed, except you still need to work out how to download your own songs at the moment, and apparently even that's being fixed in an upcoming update. The site to get your songs (aka beatmaps) ishttps://osu.ppy.sh/and once you've worked out you need to download them from there, load them into osu (double click them), you can start playing songs you recognise - and this game is a lot of fun, and arguably better than Audioshield.(original review below)Playable, but I had a lot of trouble just loading the game. I've got a GTX 970, and the game starts on a GTX 980 TI preset, and you can't access the settings until after you've loaded the game. Loading the game took me about 10 minutes, and then you have to play through the tutorial, andthen you can access the settings and discover the 970 preset setting. There's no menu during the tutorial, except for  ""Pause"".The game is playable once you go through this, but even then, there's little better about this game over Audioshield. Yes, the beats are spot on. The music is what the game gives you, nothing mainstream at all. There seems to be a way to add more music and your own beatmaps - but that is a lot of work just to get exact beats.I will say one of the cool things about the game is that once you're past the tutorial, you're able to select which beatmap you want - bassline, snares, melodies, kick. Multiplayer might add to the game later on as well, though I'm not sure how."
76561198048981562,Recommended,422860,30105855,Posted: 22 February,all,LIZARD KING YO,The camapign is more of a tutorial as the real challnge is within the free mode area... check it out!Would love to get more music packs... insane mode just gets me going!
,Recommended,422860,30268059,Posted: 1 March,all,Ragnar Volarus,"so i love rhythm games. always have since i was a young teen when i first found dance dance at the local arcade. so basically all i use VR for these days is these style of games, switching from audio-shield and soundboxing, dont know why i never tried holodance it was always in my wishlist. finally took the plunge after finding out it has had osu support for awhile now and man am i hooked!. i have to be honest though, i almost... almost gave up. at the start it was just overwhelming with all the flashing BLEEP on the screen as well as the giant grid lol, what the hell do i do? oh i see... yeah i gotta make the orb move like that as the game is basically screaming at me lol.perhaps i should have played the proper game first but instead i spent about 2hrs downloading OSU beatmaps and jumped straight into that. glad i stuck with it though. after disabling basically every type of helping mechanic (no grid, no lines, no marker things) i found my rhythm! ""OH yeah thats right"" i remembered, its a RHYTHM GAME! a real one with real beatmaps! not a punching orbs game.i was still in that mind set of punching, once i realised it clicked and i was on fire! its like being conductor in an orchestra. the song it finally clicked for me in was muse - resistance for anyone wondering.sorry for the long post but im so excited right now, this is so much fun especially when you get it right and it just clicks with a perfect song."
,Recommended,422860,31256658,Posted: 20 April,all,masterbard,"A sorely underappreciated game. I've had more fun with just the OSU support than I've had with ""the other dance game"" since last spring. Well worth the money!"
,Recommended,422860,33565348,Posted: 15 July,all,Boredpirate,"TL;DR: A standout even among VR rthym games, Holodance is a challenging and fun game for OSU virgins and fans alike. Plus you get to fistbump a dragon in the first level!"
76561197999025735,Recommended,422860,28457601,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,zahntorg,"New favorite for getting exercise via VR. I had no idea what Osu! was - it seems to basically be a computer version of various Japanese rhythm games - but Osu song support here lets you leverage a giant library of existing songs with accurate beat maps, which are typically pretty high energy and fun.It is in EA and a bit rough around the edges - but I already enjoy the game a lot as is. I think the visuals /environments look better in-game than I expected from the screenshots.Also, you get to high-five / fist-bump a dragon."
,Recommended,422860,29433347,Posted: 22 January,all,Rodwin,"Brillant VR music game.While the story part is brilliant, have great graphics (love the dragons !) and good ideas, the Osu! integration is the best move. Play your Osu! beatmaps using this game ! It adds a great dimension to them, making them more difficult, and sweaty !And when your workout is done, let the world know how great is this game."
76561197972561444,Recommended,422860,27905862,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zsyquay,"Love this title. Have only managed to get to the third song so far but find the experience highly addictive! Very cool music to work out to and it is easy to lose track of time while playing it. Play too long and your muscles will complain about it the next day. Have not tried multiplayer option but I imagine it would enhance the experience. There are 4 levels of difficulty for each song and in gamer mode you can see how well you did at each difficulty level. You can also see where you are placed on the global scoreboard as well. Recommended for anyone who would like a highly enjoyable aerobic workout to catchy, original pieces of music. Is also a lot of fun watching someone else play it if you have set your audio to mirror mode (audio in Vive and from computer speakers.)NOTE: AT the time of writing I have had Vive for 2.5 days. This game (and Audioshield) keep dragging me back into virtual reality."
,Recommended,422860,29438847,Posted: 23 January,all,SoilBeige,Incredible fun if you've ever played Osu!Intense and fast-paced musical rhythm gameYou can play any song available fromhttps://osu.ppy.sh's huge list of beatmaps
76561198053999294,Recommended,422860,31048109,Posted: 9 April,all,Cookie Rookie,I love this game.
,Recommended,422860,25208861,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Paul,"I don't know how it compares to Audioshield, but this is fun."
76561197970655943,Recommended,422860,30284830,Posted: 2 March,all,[THB]FRI$CO,just plaine awsome!!
,Recommended,422860,29294692,Posted: 16 January,all,Max Verstappen,"game now woth osu! support , and soon mp3 support to  well made game  and lots of fun"
,Recommended,422860,24530055,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CorreAktor,"Though not as polished as something like Fruit Ninja, this game is as fun as that. I can already see myself playing this game over and over again and will be one of the handful of games I show people wanting to try VR. Well done!"
76561197991934812,Not Recommended,422860,22709116,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,PeterBB,"EDIT: The developer has offered a lot of useful information in the comments to this review, and it sounds like many of the issues I mention are being worked on!~~~Perhaps it's unfair to be reviewing a game that's this early in development, but they are charging money for it, so I'm going to review it.This game is not ready for players, yet. It's a decent basic concept (as proven by Audioshield, which is a much more polished version of the same thing), but it's not yet fun. It has extremely limited content, and what's there isn't polished enough to be enjoyable.Pros:- Good basic concept.- Cool and elaborate environments.- Human-designed tracks make the rhythm element more prominent and satisfying than Audioshield.Cons:- Two playable songs.- Atrocious performance. I have a 980TI, but I can't play even on the ""970"" setting without lag.- The spheres you have to hit don't travel at a constant speed, so it's hard to predict where they'll end up.- You have to hit the spheres at a specified depth, which changes unpredictably and likes to end up inside your body. It also doesn't tell you what the depth will be until the last possible second.- Awful and unskippable voice acting"
76561197995374060,Recommended,422860,34907184,Posted: 12 September,all,Celty,"This is by far the VR game I have spent the most time on. Most other games, I only manage to play a few hours before getting bored, but I have played this one a couple of hours each week since December last year, and it keeps being enjoyable!The story mode is ok to get you started, but the best part of the game is the freemode with OSU beat maps, and especially when you are able to play well on higher difficulties. Then you actually get some decent excercise and you can develop some pretty insane reflexes over time."
,Recommended,422860,33987003,Posted: 3 August,all,Kensik,Love this game so much fun first EA game i happy i bought.
,Recommended,422860,34442799,Posted: 23 August,all,Fox,"Absolutely Amazing. Much better than Audio Sheild - feels much more rythmic and you can get into the beat. Goes from super easy, to so hard you can't do it. But always rythmic."
,Recommended,422860,34797661,Posted: 7 September,all,Haunty,"This is one of my favorite VR games so far. The story mode is a bit cheesy and most of the music is not that interesting, but the real fun is using free mode with osu beatmaps of songs you like. You can get a pretty good workout with higher difficulty beatmaps."
,Not Recommended,422860,23495294,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Dennis,"I love rhythm games.  I love my vive.  I love good music.  You would think all three would go well together.  Add in some fist bumping dragons and I'm in.  Unfortunately, as it turns out, seeing the notes is pretty important in rhythm games.  The UI is infuriatingly difficult to use.  If you look up to see what's coming, you can't see the timing points.  If you watch the timing points, you can't see what's coming.  You end up swinging wildly trying to keep up with both and not keeping track of either.This is all before bringing up the frame drops, causing mild nausia. Also, the notes you have to hit and your hands frequently freeze.  That can be frustrating enough without the instrument track you're supposed to be playing with stopping to emphasize your failure.I can overlook the optimization issues.  This is early access after all, and yeah, there are only 3 songs officially out with 6 total - counting the unfinished stuff.  I will play a fun rhythm game, no matter how few tracks and early technical issues.  Unfortunately, when it comes down to it, this is just not a fun rhythm game.I want to see VR be successful more than anything and I urge people to support devs.   But at the same time, devs need to stop phoning it in and giving us tech demos and sub par experiences.  Novelty will only take us so far."
,Not Recommended,422860,22954138,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,middlemonster,This game has almost no content. Avoid for a while.
,Not Recommended,422860,24702210,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,~* BiZZ Keryear *~,"Sorry, but I can't recommend this game at this moment.Though it is an alpha and might be improved over time.But currently it lacks in several aspects of game play ... as a clear feedback. In most level I can't tell if I have missed them completely or hit them... the controller vibrate way to little and so on and so forth.Level 1 is also currently kinda broken, since the dragon forces you to reach outside not only the play area ... but also outside available area (in my case) if there is a wall ... you have no chance whatsoever.But the developer promised it will get fixed soon.The only plus are the many different environments and the dragon, which have way too long animations before the game (e.g. before level 0 or between 1 and 2). Which you could skip but making you feel you missed something important if you do so (hint you are not ... the dragon only flies unnecessary loops)Atm the game is lame and boring.By the way the best score I archived was sitting in a chair almost not moving the controllers at all ... (then you can even fell the vibration feedback).That means for me that the game has failed in its core. The environments and dragons should only a gimmick and additional feature ... but they aren't and that is sad, because that only keeps you (me) motivated for seconds.The ideas have the potential to make it great, but currently it sucks.I would update this review if I would going for a refund."
76561197998413290,Not Recommended,422860,31122826,Posted: 13 April,all,Battan,"Unplayable, Gui same color as backround so it's hard to se when trying to change settings. LAGGY even though i have a beastly good computer. I want my money back."
76561198152112966,Not Recommended,422860,29569357,Posted: 29 January,all,davideferreira,"It is a ""cute"" game of music. But it is really underwhelming once you get past the initial levels.I have tried to refund it but i wasn't able to.I suggest you don't buy it and instead buy something like soundboxing which i play much more than this one."
