user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,422810,32271353,Posted: 8 June,all,Neon Driver,"It's a quite faithful sequel when it comes to game mechanics (though you can't ride on balls or skateboards anymore) with lots of interesting characters to choose from. The story, however takes a back seat this time and doesn't make much sense. Admittedly, the writing was never a strong part of the franchise but the whole game decides to go meta in the style of Cabin in the Woods which would be fine if it was somehow lampshaded earlier.When it initially released some (if not most) characters were broken and their moves were not exactly working as intended or not balanced enough. As of now many of the issues seem to have been fixed and the characters are playable and most of their moves are usable for the most part."
76561197993532341,Not Recommended,422810,32754042,Posted: 24 June,all,Clortho,"TL;DR:Frustrating, irritating, and, tedious. The number of bugs, poor design choices, and problems present in the game are unacceptable for a released title. I first played it at patch 10 and it is still a mess. While it is playable, it is not enjoyable. There is a gem under all the flaws but it feels more like an early access title than a finished game. It needs a lot more polish to alleviate the frustration.Full review:Let me be clear, the fundamentals of the game are great. The core fighting mechanics are solid and the concept is sound (as the original proved), it’s just the execution is deeply flawed. I’ve quit this game in disgust or reloaded a save way more times than I normally do because of the issues.Pros:-Old school 2D graphics that look just like the way they should. They improve on the original without straying too far from the original’s style.-Solid brawling fundamentals. When everything works as it should it is a blast to play.-Good sound effects and music. Nothing spectacular, but it is well-suited to the material.-Decent story, with all the familiar names and faces you should expect.-Nice pop culture shout-outs and references.Cons:-Glitches, glitches, glitches: The missions break, dialogs don’t play, settings don’t stick, you hit invisible walls when running, you get stuck in/on stuff, all the standards. In this way, it is too much like old NES games. The game is no longer in early access, it has had 10 post release patches as of this writing and fundamental things are still broken.-Grinding, grinding, grinding. In the original, you could beat the game in 45 minutes if you just went straight for the final boss. In this game, you need to buy moves, buy food, buy items, buy restores at the sauna, to progress. To do that you need to kill minions. Literally hundreds of minions, most of whom drop less than a dollar at a time. And each time you kill one you have to dart around to collect the 2-4 coins they drop before they disappear while the horde does their best to pummel you. And you lose half your cash every time you die.-Dumb AI: If you place yourself on the map well they will line up and walk in to let you pummel them one by one.-Cheap AI: But, if you don’t, they will come in behind you and punch you in the back of the head while you combo someone else. Even worse, you can be ‘counter-punched’ in the middle of a combo even when the NPC you are attacking didn’t block the blow. Fights are a war of attrition and you are constantly trying to gauge whether it is worth it to kill this group of minions for the $4 they will drop while they peck away at your HP with cheap hits. A few screens of that and you are so low you have to spend half the money you earned to get back to full HP.-Some really stupid combat mechanics. Stuns and recovery times are stupid long. Don’t ever get between two cops that throw teargas. They can perma-stun you and that is it. By the time the first teargas canister wears off the next one has already hit you. Back to the hideout with half your money gone. Agility decreases your recovery time but you first fight those cops on the FIRST LEVEL before you have a chance to increase your agility. Don’t fight near the edges of the map. If you get hit you can be knocked into the next screen and then everything is reset. Cops are a useless time sink. Accidently hit a normie in a shopping district? Now the cops will come after you GTA style. They are harder to kill, drop no money and won’t go away unless you jump in a dumpster or enter a hideout. What does this add to the game? The risk of missing a grapple, with its long cooldown, make it very dangerous to use when facing multiple enemies and ultimately not worth it. But it is also the button used to pick up items. So you will often miss the item and get stuck in a cooldown period because…-The depth of field of the game isn’t always clear. Some sections of the game have many platforms and pitfalls. You will fall off them more than once because you think you are lined up correctly but you are not. Also, walking into to wall.objects causes you to move up/down, depending on how it's oriented. I must have fallen into the water of the sewer level at least a dozen times because I walked a little too far into a wall and it moved me up enough to fall off the platform. And, as mentioned above, you will fail to pick up items in the heat of combat because you are 2 pixels above/below the item, or you will run into something while sprinting, of you will miss a punch because you are on the wrong line (Nerd boss fight when he is outside of his mech is the worst because of this).-Actual boss fights differ little from normal street fights and offer no challenge in the first half of the game. I’ve gotten halfway through the game and, outside of the Nerd Boss fight's trouble with lining up correctly, coupled with his ability to kill you in two hits at early levels, they are all easy and forgettable. I’ve seen videos of the later fights and they do look more challenging but there is no excusing the first half of the game being so bland.-The game is abstruse. Want to know what an item at a store does? Better google it because it won’t tell you until after you have used it. Having trouble finding the next boss fight? Better google it because the map is next to useless. Just bought a skill from a dojo and trying to figure out what combo you have to do to trigger it? Better google it because the move list is next to useless. Want to know what your max in a stat can be at your level so you don’t waste money on food when you can’t raise it anymore? Better… you get the idea.-Minions reset every time you leave the screen or enter a shop. It is super frustrating to be new to the game, low on HP and trying to find a place the sells food that heals HP (without having to googl eit) and having to check every shop. Enter a map, clear minions, enter a shop, wrong shop, leave, clear minions, next shop, etc. It would be better if it only reset if you were two screens away and not one.-Poor gamepad support. Have anything but an Xbox or compatible gamepad? It won’t work with the game without a second program. You can also forget about using an 8/16-bit era style controller. The game ‘needs’ 11 buttons. SNES/Genesis style controllers only have 8."
,Not Recommended,422810,32745340,Posted: 24 June,all,Jacob A L,"I expected this game to be a lot more fun, based on my experiences with the first. I bought this to play co-op with 3 friends locally and most of our time playing was spent frustrated, dying and with no money to improve our characters, leading to further deaths and loss of money.While sections were definitely enjoyable, the majority of our play session was spent angry at having to hide from the police for the umpteenth time or being unable to complete a mission where a fat man runs away through the sewers with no hope of catching him, without grinding our agility stat by busting parking meters and then spending money on overpriced, not even fishy, merv burgers.I decided to request a refund as I just simply wasn't having fun. A good idea and concept but exceptionally poorly executed.Edit: Above is my hastily written original review. Since I have received comments telling me it's bad or that I didn't like the game because I'm bad at it, below is a longer, more in depth review.I believe that most of the issues I have with the game is to do with the currency and how it is tied to deaths.Leveling up in this game increases your maximum possible stats, but in order to increase those stats to their new maximum, you need to eat food, read books or go to the sauna. A lot of these activities are expensive. The sauna is the most cost efficient way to get health back, but suffers from only increasing your maximum health. You can't busy other stats without eating food.If you're spending all your money on food, you may have some difficulty in surviving, since your health will rarely be fully replenished by eating. This is especially true when playing with multiple players. It's difficult to make sure that wealth is evenly distributed, so some characters will get more food and therefore more health and stats than others.Dying halves your currently held money. Players who die a lot will be in sore need of stat upgrades to improve their chances of survival, but they won't be able to purchase the because they don't have the money.Problems with money leads to grinding. It isn't very fun to sit in the same area, repeatedly going into a shop buying some food then leaving to bust up parking meters for more dosh (this seemed to be the most time efficient way to make cash). This all while avoiding thugs and police so you don't die before you can spend that cash.Each coin is worth 10 cents. I think the lowest cost food was 90cents. For 4 people to get one stat increase, you'd need to kill about 10 guys. This candy bar would not heal you anywhere near to full health and gives poor gains.I haven't talked about unlocking moves. These also cost money. $8 for the cheap ones, $20+ for higher tiers. Without these upgrades, your characters will feel very similar to each other. Each character starts out with two attack buttons (for most, this is punch and kick), a special attack and perhaps a discussion grab action other than throw. In my play time I was able to find two dojos which would train new moves. We managed to save money for 2 or 3 move upgrades each. These still didn't do much to make combat seem more interesting. My character, a luchador, gained the ability to attack enemies behind him with an elbow drop and to hit downed enemies. This didn't do much to increase my interest in combat. It seems like having more abilities from the start would make it at least more fun to grind for stat upgrades, which we have already discussed is a major part of the game.I have no qualms with grinding if the gameplay is fun, but if I must grind to unlock the ability to make the game fun, by accruing sufficient wonga to unlock the abilities that make the game enjoyable, that just isn't right.I couldn't fully appreciate the combat given the lack of options available to me. It seems like there are far too many characters on screen though. With 4 human players and 10 or so enemies on screen, as well as potentially non-hostile civilians and the police showing up, it can be very hard to tell which character is yours, or if you're accidentally trying to bludgeon your partner, inside the mass of bodies.The only place you won't get attacked is in the safe houses. Even out on the shopping streets, you'll get attacked by thugs. Fight back while stood outside Merv burger and you might accidentally hit a civilian or an unsuspecting parking meter. That's when the police show up to take you down for mugging or vandalism. The police don't drop money, so it's pointless to fight them. If you're near a safe house, you can walk in and back out and they'll leave. If not, your only choice is to run to a safe house or the sewers, or to fight them all and hide in a dumpster. This can be difficult, especially if they repeatedly stun you with tear gas grenadesI understand that the police are there as a risk-reward system for mugging people or for getting parking meter money, but the risk far outweighs the reward.I had completed 27% of the story by the time I stopped playing, after failing multiple times to catch a plot key character who runs away through the sewers. To trigger his event again, you must fight a large mob of Goths.If there was no grinding necessary, I doubt getting to this point in the story would have taken an hour. 4 hours of new content with countless of grinding seems to be the way to 100%. At least if the grind was fun, it would be worth it."
,Recommended,422810,32660460,Posted: 22 June,all,Whattageek,"Though I never grew up playing the River City Ransom games, it had a reputation of being a fantastic beat-'em-up for NES, and its reputation carried over into other games that I did play and enjoy, not the least of which being the Scott Pilgrim vs. The World game on the 360/PS3. I only ended up playing the original RCR after playing Underground, and I will agree that both games are quite different, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, though it may upset some players.I'd say if you're looking for a classic RCR game, look elsewhere, such as River City Tokyo Rumble for 3DS. If you're looking for a solid arcade beat-'em-up that throws references to other media in left and right, and that anyone can play without knowing much about the genre or about River City Ransom, this is a good choice. As a comparison: Underground plays more like the Scott Pilgrim game than like a River City game, which is slightly ironic considering the inspiration behind the SP game.I'll get the bad things out of the way first.-Unclear objectives. Even though you're given hints by NPCs as to where you need to go to progress the story, some objectives aren't that easy to find on intuition alone, so if you're attempting to survive a horde of enemies while plot is happening around you, you'll be lost quite easily. Don't be afraid to look up a walkthrough. Move lists also suffer from this; a handful of characters' moves are executed only during a combo, but the combo string is never specified, and you have to use trial and error to figure out what move went where.-Bugs. There are a few annoying glitches to be found, though nothing too gamebreaking. The worst I've come across has been getting stunlocked by tear gas that a single police officer would continually throw, with no easy way to escape. There's also the annoying habit of running into invisible walls on screen transitions, though that can be avoided by jumping into said transitions.-Lack of solid plot. The original RCR had a simple plot, but the idea of being a street thug beating up on all rival gangs in the city was solid enough to keep its successors going. Underground flip-flops between a revenge story, a rescue mission, a sci-fi, a different sci-fi, and gang war, which is a bit bothersome to keep up with at times.-Tedium. A lot of the time, you can find yourself doing one thing over and over for one reason or another. Grinding for level-ups, grinding for money, moving from point A to point B then back to point A because of story, punching the same dude who's already dead despite being able to be air-juggled, and so on.-The milk quest.Now for the good things.-Varied characters and moves. The amount of dedication put into giving all 10 playable story characters their own unique movesets that benefit their fighter type is astounding to me. References to other media aside, the characters all feel great to play as in their own way, and none of them feel the same as anyone else. They are also all animated brilliantly.-References. Pretty much anything that was popular in gamer and geek culture at any point (mostly during the 80s) has probably been mentioned ingame somehow. Phrases are not exempt from this.-Upgrades. Characters all can level up to Level 40, and upon a level-up, their stat parameters' maximum value increases, and the maximum is different depending on the type of character you're using. Stats can be increased by purchasing food, books, music, etc., and moves can be bought at three different dojos in the city. Unfortunately, there's no way of knowing what items or moves do what until you buy them, which is a bit of a deterrent for some, but there are guides out there to let you know what's what. There are also hidden moves for every character that are fun to use, but ultimately pointless for a handful of characters.-The fighting system. Unlike the original RCR and its successors, Underground seems to have more of a focus on pulling off combos and air juggles. Rather than buying moves to have varied ways of doing extra damage, you would buy moves in Underground to further stylize what you normally do to inflict damage. In other words, Underground is flashier with how you attack enemies, which, to the right audience, is a lot of fun.-4-player multiplayer. The game allows for up to four people to play online, locally, or over LAN, and this is true for both story mode and Arena mode, the latter of which is PvP. There are quirks programmed into the game to account for more players, such as increased amounts of enemies, additional text at plot points to give a sense of group togetherness, and group saunas. As fun as the game is solo, playing it with others is another level of fun.A lot of love went into the creation of this game, which is clear to see. Despite the flaws it has, I still have a ton of fun with this game and its quirks. It's not for everyone, admittedly, but I hope I touched on the topics that are of the biggest concerns to people."
76561198038398537,Not Recommended,422810,30236858,Posted: 28 February,all,DangermanDaniel,"Don't believe the hype YET. There is a TON of promise for this game, and i'm enjoying it right now, but in its current state, it is SEVERELY flawed. I guess the pressure to meet the Feb 27th Deadline was a bit much, as it was released with some serious bugs. Some flawed design choices as well, and when it comes to the little things it all adds up to a frustrating experience, especially since many fans have been waiting for years. $20 dollars is already more than most major indie productions, and it feels like a $8.99 game with the lack of polish and refinement.EDIT: They've since updated that they are working on patching the issues, so there is hope.EDITS for better explanation:1) BIGGEST issue right now is the Multiplayer, with menus glitching out, saves not carrying over to single player, no chat function, and level breaking bugs. They are currently working on a patch right now, so we'll see.2) Minor flaws in design choices like In-game text being true to the original, but without a way to ""skip to the next line"". It takes forever just to get through reading the effects of eating (when you hit any other button, it immediately cancels out the explanations). During the tutorial they teach you to hit a vending machine for drinks, only to never follow this up in-game. Considering you can get a wanted level for trashing public property, it woulda been a great design choice for risk-reward.3) The ""Wanted"" System feels tacked on and has led to many a headache when civilians get caught in the crossfire or your surroundings start to get wrecked, by no fault of your own. What i don't get is why the cops don't also attack the gangs? They should be trying to break up the fights or hold them accountable for their destruction. Instead, they attack you even when a gang member breaks a table...4) General community gripe is the lack of explanation for using new moves you just learned. The descriptions for each is ridiculously bare bones, with some moves mixed up with others and with erronous descriptions / instructions. This has been causing confusion as to what is a bug (missing moves), and what needs to be ""discovered"" in a combo chain. A LITTLE EXPLANATION IS NOT HAND-HOLDING, informing your players is part of gameplay design.5) Some missions are severely bugged and game breaking. Not talking about having to do unexpected things, like climbing a fence to jump to the hidden side (though that was another puzzling and flawed game design choice). Sometimes Roxy updates your current objectives, sometimes not, characters that should be speaking freeze in place, others turn invisible or never show up but have their hit boxes still present ingame (arcade boss for one).6) The dreaded Sewer Chase and Milk Mission. These are examples of out of place moments in game design. When you are given a driving game, you expect to drive, not suddenly be forced out of the car to do a fist fight sequence with driving controls... Same can be applied here and it's one of those outdated game design things that really break the immersion / game flow.I could go on with more and more examples, but the general feeling thus far is the game needs a bit more polish, and a few design changes to make it more inline with a modern day revisit to a golden era game. For better or for worse it apes the original to a T. Some of the ""worse"" will drive you up the wall. Hopefully a patch comes soon addressing these issues, until then, this is going to have to get a thumbs down."
76561198110357431,Recommended,422810,32669990,Posted: 23 June,all,RapidFawn,"You know after only 2.5hrs on this game I love it, I know I'm coming into this game way after bug fixes + patches , but I'm an old school gamer girl,  button bashin' on nes/gameboy/snes, mega drive/mega cd/mega 32x, neo geo arcades games was the go to, so it's nice to have a punch up on, hell there's an old arcarde game called Nightslashers... wish Data East or the IP owners would HD the hell out if it.I digressGrab a xbox 360/One/One-S pad, just let your mind chill, whilst pulling off fancy combos for your fav characters, hell start making up your own within what you have till you've got the cash to learn new ones. is it grindy? yes but what isn't these days, repetitive? yes, turn your mind off for some♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking fun? yep I would happily say it is and gives that and for less than a 10er. Sold."
,Not Recommended,422810,30775505,Posted: 27 March,all,KenpoJuJitsu3,"Pains me to say this, but no I don't recommend this gamein its current state.Short version:Yes, I bought it. Yes, I've played it a bunch. Yes, I'll continue playing it. No, I don't recommend you buying it until several issues are ironed out.Long version1) Network issues. The multiplayer/co-op are prone to lag causing odd interactions like characters warping. It's neither consistent, nor terribly overbearing, but it is an issue.2) Network issues again. Good luck playing this game with multiple people behind the same router. The devs were nice enough to enable a command line argument to help this issue. It's a workaround that works for two players on the same network. Good luck with players three and four.3) Shop issues. As you play the game, you will acquire character levels and money. You can take said money and visit various shops and dojos to buy items and new moves. What's that item you want to buy actually do? No idea sir/ma'am. You'll have to buy it and use it first to find out, then make a (mental)note of it. You want to buy this move from the dojo. You have enough money but the game says you're not a high enough level to buy it. What level do you need to be to buy it? No idea. You'll just have to come back each time you level up and hope you can buy it then. By the way, the move you saw listed when you were a level 1? It's available at level 20. Hope you enjoyed the repeated trips back to find that out. Oh, side note. Yes you bought the move, but it requires a certain amount of special attack energy to use. No, the game doesn't tell you how much or even tell you that any special energy was needed for that move. Just keep eating items that increase max special energy (after you've figured out which items do this) until you can actually activate the move. You'll be able to use it eventually.4) Stat and combo issue. The Strength stat increases your damage. Awesome. It also increases your knockback for each hit. Sooooo, as you level you'll increase your STR through items which will result in your combo strings having more knockback. Sounds good? Here's the problem. This game's combo system requires that the previous hit land or the next hit won't activate at all. So when your STR increases to a certain point (varies per character, but all of them suffer this) your hits will start to knock enemies back far enough that the next hit can't land. Yes, improving your stats breaks your ability to do your own combos.5) AI issues. The enemy AI is terrible. It's not overly difficult at all, it's simply cheap to the point of annoyance. This is a beat 'em which usually means enemies will be more than happy to engage you. Not in this game. Enemies will routinely back away from you and mirror your footsteps pixel-for-pixel as you advance and retreat. What results isn't a difficult fight, it's a dull one where you spend more time chasing enemies than fighting. It gets tedious quickly and boring. The other problem is that the game veryveryclearly reads your controls. Say you're throwing a jab when the enemy is in range. The AI has the ability to backpedalon reactionjust out of range of your jab, then walk back into range and hit you before you can recover. I repeat, this sort of thing happens with your fastest combo starters and it happens more and more as you progress through the game. As opposed to other classic beat 'em ups where the challenge lies in beating crowds of enemies without being overwhelmed by numbers, this game has you quite literally chasing crowds of enemies that are all too tentative to engage beyond running in to land a poke before retreating again.6) Character balance issues. The various characters you get to play vary wildly in viability. Some characters like Ryan, Paul, Provie, and Glen are solid as soon as you pick them up. Others like Bruno, Mike, and Rudy are borderline terrible until you've purchased several moves. This might put some people off as some characters are an absolute chore to play until around level 15 when they finally get some usable and fun moves added.7) Move list issues. The movelist is flat out wrong a LOT of the time. I don't know how this happens frankly, but you'll buy a move in this game then check the movelist to see how it's done only for the movelist to have the wrong controls listed. Heaven forbid the move you just bought is part of combo. The movelist will simply say ""punch"" for example where as the move you just bought can only be activated after a kick-punch-kick string has been landed.Some of these issues where present in the original River City Ransom from 1989. Here's the thing, they were problems then too; so hanging on to them for charm or nostalgia doesn't fly. YMMV, but I haven't found it particularly interesting seeing the same problems that I saw when I played the original game almost 30 years ago as a child.Nostalgia keeps me playing this game. If it didn't have the Kunio artstyle and I didn't have such fond memories of the original I would have put this game down permanently. There's agreatgame hiding in here, it's just buried under a mountain of mechanical, enemy AI, and UI issues."
76561198031299753,Recommended,422810,30524474,Posted: 15 March,all,Yukimazan,"TL:DR 8/10, could have been lower if it devs didn't fix and patch the game. It had a rough start at first but after the patching by the devs, it's really worth it IMO. I highly recommend looking at the community guides since they will TOTALLY help you a lot for newcomers and such. BARF!Long story short, the devs got an official license from Arc Systems (that's actually super risky and rare btw) to make their own RCR game which is called River City Ransom Ungerground. Game got kickstarted, developed and released on Steam! Everyone was hyped for it including myself. So how good is this game to the RCR series? Let's find out.Now this is coming from a player who has experience and played 3 RCR games. I first played a Japanese version of it on the Gameboy (where Kunio/Alex went to Japan), River City Ransom EX on Gameboy Advance and a spin-off, River City Super Sports All-Stars. My experience and opinion may be different from yours which I respect. I may be a fan of the game but I still will give criticisms because that's what fans do. Also, there might be minor spoilers so be aware. Anyway, let's start.OverviewRiver City Ransom Underground is a beat em up game with some RPG elements that pays homage to the old NES game, River City Ransom. The first game was an amazing hidden gem during it's time and still is today. RCRU is the sequel to the game that took place couple of years after the first game where the two main characters, Alex/Kunio and Ryan/Riki join up with a brand new variety of characters to beat up bad guys and explore the story. You will unlock new characters to play in Story mode and a whole lot more for Arena mode. (I do hope we can play all of them in Story mode, probably in future patching). This game also has online and offline co-op and competitive. Let's go section by section shall we?Presentation/GraphicsFrom first impressions to now, I love how amazing the pixel/sprite work is done here like it feels like a big upgrade or leap while keeping the RCR style consistent. Animations are smooth and satisfying to look at as well as how colourful the backgrounds and levels are. It's basically nostalgia done right and improved in this section. I don't have anything to criticize here since this is one of the game's biggest strength. Though, I guess some people might find the style weird for those that never seen a RCR game before. Still, whoever did these, you have my kudos and props man.Sound & MusicIf you love the old school 8-bit/16-bit/32-bit SFXs and music then you'll find RCRU's one to be pleasant and nice to hear. Since I grew up with Gameboy games and all, it felt nostalgic and cool for me. The OST/music is fine and fitting too. Not really memorable but it fits well and earns a pass. HOWEVER, I was disappointed there was no remix or even any iconic music from the old RCR game like the Boss Fight and the Downtown theme. Those are like the most memorable themes of the game and it kinda saddens me. I do hope they add a mod/feature where we can add our own custom musics or they add their own version into it if they can. Probably due to licensing but still, it's a nostalgia miss.Gameplay & CharactersOh boy here comes the main part on why people love/hate this game and I can see why from both sides. Before I go any further, let me remind you that this game has grinding like it's prequel. You're gonna need time and patience for a game like this though thankfully community guides make it easier for you by miles. Let's start with the positives.+ Lots of playable characters to play and unlock, each with their own unique movesets, theme/fashion and styles. Though you can only play 10 in Story Mode while the rest like playable grunts and bosses are in Arena Mode, they are still fun to mess around with. Hope the devs allow us to play them in Story Mode+ or so.+ Smart enemy AI. I'm pretty surprised how smart the enemies are since they can easily dodge my attacks be it melee or projectile. They are smart enough to jump, block, counter-attack so you can't just go gung ho unless you have the right moment which is always rewarding when you finish them off with a stacking combo. Players criticized that they are too hard to beat but that's how beat em ups are in general. There are some bosses that gave me trouble but once you understand their moves and your situation, you can easily make a comeback and succeed in the end. (Although before, the finall boss had a bug that caused me to unable to defeat it but thank goodness the devs fixed it quickly.) I do wish there could have been an 'Easy' mode for newcomers or casual players. Other than that, they're cool to fight with.+ Lots of combos. styles and moves. Always satisfying to grind for them and use them. Heck, some of them are actually references to other games (Glen is freaking Ryu from Street Fighter, Provie has badass break dancing and Ryan can go MUDADADADADA) though the devs should fix a few issues with the button inputs/instructions on a few moves.+ Variety of shops and places. There's plentiful of them which I bet are some of the backers from Kickstarters. There's even characters from other games or so like Shovel Knight & Newgrounds making cameo appearances and so. Also, you can buy cats.+/= Civilians made the game feel more lively for me since the first one had barely anyone in it. Personally I actually like it myself. You can also hurt them to get some extra cash but that leads to one of it's downsides: the cops. Players complained that they only serve to hinder the enjoyment because accidentally hitting them just makes it harder and I do agree since I have a few experience myself. Luckily the devs nerfed it to make it easier but that's still the downside part.Lukewarm/neutral + negative parts:= Police/cop system. Think of GTA's cop system. Honestly I kinda like beating up cops since it provides enemy variety and a challenge (they got electric tasers and a SWAT shield and fight with bare hands. I love it) but the problem is to some players, it's more annoying than rewarding. Yes you can have bragging rights and personally I don't want them to remove the cops but they should at least drop like big money should you beat them. If you're seeing this devs, make the cops more rewarding to beat up and make them less likely to 'get attracted' from the accidental stufs players do like vandalism or such. I'm fine with it but others may not.= Bugs. This is from day 1 to now. On the first day, there were bugs on multiplayer, story, moves, etc which was one reason I had to stop after 4 hours. But after patching, balancing and fixing, I was able to enjoy the game again and in the end, I forgive the devs for being passionate in polishing and listening to community feedback. I would have turned this review to a negative had it not been for the patches.= 2 or 3 missions involving chasing + that freaking milk mission. Good news is that the devs made it a lot easier this time but it was frustrating to do the latter one. Reason I find the chasing missions not the best is becauseThe characters you chase like Tex and Ivan are like the iconic bosses from the old RCR game. What a miss opportunity especially when they get a new look. Thankfully, Otis is a fun boss that is NOT a chasing mission and there's only like a few..ConclusionDespite having a wonky and rough launch and some flaws that players dislike, the devs are doing their best to make sure the game is tweaked for everyone to enjoy. I praise them for caring for the game because we rarely get a RCR game nowadays and these guys are also huge fans of RCR with the creator of Double Dragons helping them in a way. So what's my verdict?8/10 after patching, lower like 7 or 6 if it wasn't patched. I highly recommend it for RCR fans and anyone interested. If you are not sure, wait for sale. Thank you for reading this.BARF!"
,Not Recommended,422810,30252103,Posted: 28 February,all,Clown Hurricane,"If you are looking for multiplayer, particularly netplay, do not buy this game.There are endless bugs between menus just not working/opening/causing crashes, to random interactibles not functioning (soda machines just do not dispense), and people getting stuck outside of the screen, etc etc etc.Even if you can get over these bugs, the balance for 4 player is painfully off, the game spawns so many characters on every single screen (often in excess of 12 enemies in a single tiny space), that you can't keep track of yourself or your friends, and although I'm very glad for the wonderful art and character diversity, it makes the co-op a visual mess.The movepool the game starts you off with after the prologue is flat out unreasonable. The luchador starts out without a grab move.You read that correctlythe luchador starts without a grab moveAlmost every starting character starts with no combos whatsoever, and moves are so overcosted that the game becomes a frustrating loop of grinding for a single move over and over. That brings me to the next major problem.The moves aren't explained well at all. My friends and I all finally bought some moves, but couldn't figure out how to make a single one work. Half of them just replaced an old move but made the text yellow??? I understand wanting to emulate fighting game input displays but, well they don't.In multiplayer co-op, only the host gets to keep save data. We all went to the hideout and saved, but unfortunately everyone but me (the host) had a blank save file at 0% in the prologue, and that was just insult to injury.The police system (which I think is a pretty bad addition in singleplayer) is completely unforgivable in co-op. When there are 18 enemies on screen, and one bystander sprints through and gets tagged by a random punch, the screen is just even more of a cluttered mess.OH! Money isn't shared by the way. The amount of money we were getting felt about correct if we *all* got each pick up, but as it was it became a huge grindy mess, which since you die sooooo easily in MP, is extremely painful (you lose half of your money if you die).Just in case you're concerned I'm making this up or if you're a dev and want to see 4 people trying it and having a lot of problems for yourself, here is a link to the VOD of the stream.https://www.twitch.tv/videos/125454657Again, there's an amazing game buried in here, but the multiplayer is currently a bit of a buggy mess, and the balance makes it unplayable. As a massive RCR and Kunio-kun fan this hurts pretty bad, and I really hope the devs listen to feedback and make Multiplayer the great experience it should be."
,Recommended,422810,30231917,Posted: 27 February,all,dicknixon,"So happy about this game.  Has the same feel as the original but so much deeper.  If you like RCR for the 8 bit NES, then you owe it to yourself to give this work of art a shot."
76561197970960476,Recommended,422810,32762130,Posted: 25 June,all,Reaper,"if you didnt set you hope up high that this must be an ultimate beat them up game it's a very good one. There is a lot of tiny thing to complain about everywhere such as- hard in the beginning but after power up a few game is very easy throughout the rest especially on multiplayer- little bug here and there- very grinding for a simple beat'em up game- many spectacular moves does the same damage, just for the look and prolong combo- suicide is the best way to refill your stamina especially in the beginning and late game- Rudy suck compare to other....But over all its a  good game that bring back the old days ,and i love it"
,Not Recommended,422810,30234223,Posted: 27 February,all,Mortis,"I really want to adore this game. The core of something very good is there: combat and movement feels quite solid, the pixel art and animations are all nice. However, the game is full of strange, glaring flaws that make it impossible for me to recommend it in its current state.In short, I'm finding the early game to be extremely poorly balanced and confusing. Once you've got a good selection of moves and you've learned to filter out the game's noise, it's entirely possible it turns into pure gold. The absolutely-missing-the-point nature of the multitude of problems I've run into don't give me a whole lot of hope, though. Here's a disorganized rundown of some things I consider flaws, I guess in the name of ""feedback"":You don't start the game with enough moves. Bizarrely, the luchador begins with no grapple attacks, and after two hours of play all I've been able to find is a back grapple which is functionally worthless in single player. After having grapple attacks in the tutorial it feels horrible to grab enemies and have nothing at all to do with them. The movelist is illogically laid out and the dojo screens don't give you any feedback about what moves actually do.The entire shop system is poorly implemented. After buying any kind of food you have to sit for ages and stare at the slowly scrolling text at the bottom of the screen telling you what the food actually did. If you press any button you cancel that text altogether. The first couple screens of the game proper have bizarre shops that serve no apparent function (why on earth am I adopting a cat???) other than to confuse a beginning player.While it may be ""true to the original"" the text system in general is a mess. Massive amounts of meaningless noise flow through the text scroll at the bottom of the screen along with important, if vague, objective information. The text advances itself so you have no choice but to focus laser-like on any potentially valuable words lest you lose the thread completely. The ""typing speed"" option doesn't seem to change anything?There's a GTA-style wanted system which is pointless and anti-fun. On many screens, civilians are constantly meandering in and out of the line of fire. It's too easy to accidentally hit one and summon cops who are worth no money and follow you across screens. Also pointless is the day-night cycle which has jarring transitions--well, no transitions at all really, the screen just changes in a single frame. You're locked out of shops and the like overnight, just because.The curve of the ""economy"" feels broken. Early game it feels like it takes forever to save up for a single piece of food, but you really need to be spending your money on moves so the game is actually playable and fun.Nearly every screen seems to have some foreground object that obscures your view for no good reason. Some kind of silhouette or outline would be nice in these ever-present situations.There's a bunch of out-of-place background cameos that make the game feel like Retro City Rampage for modern indies. What are these even doing here?? Nobody's going to say ""yo Castle Crashers are in the background? Sign me up!"" This doesn't bother me that much but it just feels kind of trashy and it actively turns off some people.Addendum after struggling through some more sessions:Some of my issues with early game grind I now blame on character balance. Bruno and perhaps others are just objectively weaker than, say, Glen or Ryan. Bruno has at least two moves that simply do not work and has to struggle create worthwhile combos. So, the rate the game ""gets going"" is highly dependent on your character.There are three un-fun and just grossly wrongheaded ""boss fights"" that involve chasing guys who don't fight back. Three of these, in a row. Apparently later there's an extremely unpopular quest involving carrying breakable milk across a bunch of screens. After spending enough time in RCRU to beat the original game multiple times over, I finally ran into some real, actually cool boss fights. There is no concept of pacing whatsoever.Ultimately, what has caused me to quit in frustration more often than anything else is enemy AI. Nearly every basic enemy, more often than not, wants very badly to maintain a distance of about four character lengths; totally outside your reach but leaving you within the range of whatever charge or ranged attack they have. You spend way too much time chasing down enemies who just don't want to let you ""beat 'em up.""I really just don't like this game at all. It's excessively padded out, the enemies aren't fun to fight for a myriad of reasons, and a lot of the game's ""content"" is pretty awful. ""Sorry about the mess."" - Han Solo!!"
,Not Recommended,422810,32876935,Posted: 27 June,all,Jalen441,"I like the look, and it's reasonably fun at times, but there's too much grinding, and the enemies are even worse about cheap shots than the original. Some may like it, but no matter how much I like the original (and that's a lot), this game just doesn't do it for me."
,Recommended,422810,30661327,Posted: 21 March,all,grafty9x,"As an old man at the ripe age of 35, I grew up playing River City Ransom on NES with my older brother.  Much like I was forced to be Luigi, I was also forced to be Ryan.  But every one knows that Luigi and Ryan are the best.This game recaptures the feelings of the original while making improvements to the battle system in most ways.  I still love to grind coins (BARF) for stats and moves.  The added combos make the game feel unique enough from the first one to give it its own legs to stand on.The developers have address many issues since release and this game keeps getting better and better.I highly recommend this to anyone who was a fan of the original game and to fans of other classic beat em ups."
,Not Recommended,422810,30245076,Posted: 28 February,all,Detrian,"River City Ransom: Underground is very obviously one of those games that try and bank on nostalgia by preserving the spirit of the original but does so with such clumsy hand and lack of understanding about what made RCR good that it's frankly kind of baffling.Even outside the multitude bugs present in this release, ill-advised platforming, the absurd game-padding grind involved in learning movesets (ten of them!) fragmented into a million pieces and the legion of weird design decisions that range from useless GTA style wanted levels to a save system that's unusable most of the time; I think the ""gangs"" themselves are a good way to exemplify everything that's wrong with this title: See, back in the older games you'd enter an area and you would fight a gang of guys that wore the same colors. They all had different names and unique appearance to match (as unique as the technical limitations allowed at least) and fought in a way that gave each group a sort of personality. You had gangs that liked weapons, guys that liked to run in and deck you, guys that would throw a bunch of stuff or guys that would drop a lot of money and so on so forth.It might have been basic AI preferences but then you have something like RCR:U in which gangs don't really exist outside of very small areas and the rest of the game is filled with a random blend of color-swapped and duplicate luchadores, greasers, nerds and stereotypical burglars trying to beat you up.It makes enemies feel like generic, boring beat-em-up thugs rather than a cohesive group the player can learn to like or dislike through their experiences and their fighting.Charm has always been one of the franchise's biggest selling points. Everyone reading this has probably heard of the whole BARF! thing or might remember stuff like the sauna complete with humorous naked♥♥♥♥♥that even the trailer for RCR:U referenced. I'm sad to say that in the case of this game all that stuff is entirely window dressing: They are empty, soulless gestures amidst a legion of identical sprites mobbing you and much like the game's entire retro artstyle they are there because they were in the original, nothing more. This is no longer a story of school gangs duking it out against each other but an endless parade of references and unrelated wacky characters punching each other silly as they try to figure out a poorly written move list.Avoid. Get it on a deep, deep discount if you absolutely must relive the game and cannot get hold of the GBA version."
76561198367918165,Recommended,422810,30313113,Posted: 4 March,all,DarkChyld_80,"The original River City Ransom was one of my absolute favorite games growing up, so I was elated when I learned that Conatus was doing a follow-up. While I don't have much multi-player experience with this one so my review will be mainly from a single player perspective.PROS:1. This game does a great job at capturing the ""nostalgia"" aspect of things for me. There are familiar characters, places, items, mechanics, you name it. It just creates a ""feel-good"" atmosphere to see some of these things and the way that they were implemented into this game. Doing things like visiting the old River City High School and taking Saunas, to how the character eats the entire plate when consuming food items just really takes you back to the classic days of running around River City.2. Different Characters - I love how there are many different characters to choose from, all with their unique fighting styles, strengths, and weaknesses. This add a nice amount of depth and a ton of replay value in my opinion.3. RPG elements - Although, I know some may disagree but I actually rather enjoy how grind-heavy this game is. This may be the JRPG fan side of me speaking, but I enjoy feeling like I actually earned my upgrades and level-ups. The constant stream of enemies allow you to not only grind, but perfect your fighting style and strategy as well.4. Easter Eggs - There are quite a few Easter Eggs in this game and a lot of them are pretty cool.5. Combat - While it's not perfect by any means, it still is enjoyable pulling off combos and finding ways to implement new moves into your play style. There are a decent amount of upgrades that expand combat quite nicely and allow you to rack up some major damage on your enemies.6. Soundtrack - Again this is just another thing that just brings home that old school feel of the original.7. Humor - If you ever have time to read some of the comments at the bottom during figths, some of that stuff is hilarious. I know it's hard to take your eyes of the action when you're surround by like 10 dudes trying to kick the crap out of you but, it's still worth a look.CONS:1. I think my biggest issue with this game is the lack of information. This game does a TERRIBLE job at explaining even the simplest things and by TERRIBLE I mean basically non-existent. There's not really detailed explanation for anything really outside of the few tutorial points that  are easily skippable by mistake since they pop up out of the blue, mid-fight and if you're pressing the button you're going to skip it. And even worse, if you're playing multi-player ANYONE can skip them. So Imagine up to 4 people pressing buttons vs a tutorials that pop up in the middle of action that are skippable by a simple button press by ANYONE lol. It's basically a recipe for disaster. My wife an I were playing and we maybe only saw like 2 tutorial messages because we kept skipping them accidentally.But unforunately, it gets worse. Item descriptions are minimal to non-existent as well, so not only do you not know what you're buying a lot of the time, but the game gives little to no information on what the item actually does or how it is beneficial. This is a huge problem because it puts the guess work on the players and you have to learn what some things do by trial and error. There are certain moves that I can't purchase because my Special Move attribute is too low, but It's hard to know what to buy to boost it because the game doesn't tell you what stats the food/novelty improves until after you've eaten it. And then the added kicker is you have to sit through and wait for the text to get done scrolling to actually know what benefits you received from the item lol.This same problem plagues you when you're upgrading your moveset. The does and extremely poor job of explaining what moves do and how to do them. The moveset is kinda all over the place and again leaves players to do a lot of guess work and experiementing to figure out how moves even work. There is no animation to allow you to see what the moves look like when they are performed, it's all just a trial and error fest that places the work on the player. Admittedly, It was frutstrating at times trying to figure out how things worked.2. The GTA Style Heat system - While I do think it's wrong to just go around punching random pedestrians in the face all willy-nilly but this game kinda takes it overboard and not in a good way. Allow me to explain. First off pedestrians are EVERYWHERE and they are mixed in with the 10 or so gang members that immediately start attacking you as soon as you enter the screen, it can be hard to fight without some innocent by-stander being caught in the crossfire. Not to mention that a lot of the times through all the chaos, the innocents will position themselves directly between you and the enemy and pause as if to say ""PLEASE DROP KICK THE F*** OUTTA MY FACE SO I CAN CALL THE POLICE MISTER!!!"" This happens quite often so you'll end up with the police on your tail for acciental assaults. The vandalism is pretty bad too. I remember I kicked a guy out of the air and he landed on a parking meter, and GUESS WHO GOT IN TROUBLE FOR IT. lolI think this would've been a funny easter egg to unlock (and made a LOT more sense) if they took the same ""NO ENEMIES ALLOWED IN SHOPPING AREAS"" approach as the original RCR. This way, if you willingly decided to go around punching innocent shoppers in the mouth or intentionally breaking stuff, THEN you'd get in trouble with the law (kinda like how in Zelda if you continously abused that poor chicken, then you'd get swarmed). But the way things are set up, the game punishes you for accidents. For Christ sake, I didn't mean to Haymaker all the change out of Little Timmy's pockets, i'm not a monster. lol3. Player/Entrance/Exit Markers - This is a small thing that would've really gone a long way. Just simply putting a red arrow at entrannce and exit points. For stores especially, because some stores close at night, while others are open. A CLEAR indicator would've been nice. I can't tell you the amount of times I got my a** kicked and robbed of HALF my money in an entryway of a closed store while fleeing for my life lol. Also there are parts of the game where the exit is not clear, and this feature would've been extremely useful. Secondly, adding a marker over your player would've been awesome. It's easy to get lost in all the chaos especially with so many characters on screen at times.4. Chase Sequences - These are probably some of the most annoying and frustrating sequences in the game. I miss the old days of beating the information out of your enemies. Not having a ""Crash n' the Boys"" foot race. It just feels awkward and out of place in a game like this. I really question the design choice, as I don't mind the boss running, but I would've rather had to fight my way through his crew and eventually corner him instead of having to chase him down.5. Platforming - wtf?.....noseriously....WTF?WHY? There is absolutely zero need for platforming in a game like this. The Forest Log thing was beyond rage inducing because of the poor jump tracking. Uness there is a game-breaking, holy grail, UP-UP-DOWN-DOWN-LEFT-RIGHT-LEFT-RIGHT, B, A, SELECT, START level cheat code item or something that's being hidden, then there is NO need for this type of platforming in this game.IN CONCLUSION:Despite some technical flaws and lack of explanation on a lot of the game's mechanics, this game is still awesome. It combines two of my favorite genres (rpg and old school beat 'em ups) and mixed them into one. I've had a great time with it so far, and I would recommend it to anyone who's a fan of classic beat 'em ups."
,Not Recommended,422810,30331851,Posted: 4 March,all,Techbane,"Questionable game design decisions aside, there's still a small truckload of severe technical issues including but not limited to loss of progress in co-op and movelists being flat-out incorrect. Graphics are fantastic, presentation is nice, music is nice, combat is good for the most part, but what could be a great game isn't quite great yet and I would strongly advise waiting until the worst kinks are ironed out at least."
76561198021214198,Not Recommended,422810,30282755,Posted: 2 March,all,BaconMonster,"I really want to like this game, there is a good game hidden somewhere in this buggy and frustrating mess.Make the movelists understandable, cut the grinding, let the player characters get up faster after falling and make enemies indicate ALL the more powerful attacks so they can actually be dodged/blocked.Also, for the love of god, stop with the luck passed chasing and delivery missions.Edit: Multiplay doesn't work correctly either, so I can't play with my mates without losing all the progress we made.On the more positive note the developers are patching the game already, so it may be much more playable in the future"
76561198006882147,Recommended,422810,33904236,Posted: 30 July,all,Sasqautch,glad the devs got their game back up after Alex falsely dmca take downed the game. Good beat em up.I will leave the reviews upto the people who are bigger fans of the genre. If you like retro games this is a good one especialy if you're a beat em up fan.
,Recommended,422810,30251203,Posted: 28 February,all,Kaenim,"Faithful to the original, Underground keeps the classic gameplay but adds plenty of new stuff to keep it interesting. Well worth checking out, even if you're not usually a fan of beat 'em ups."
,Not Recommended,422810,31799026,Posted: 16 May,all,AxeManiac,"I love RCR on the NES. It's still one of my favorites. But this game wasn't what I was expecting. The map system is awkward, the game is LOADED with stuff I want to skip, terrible dialog, long drawn out conversations and a lack of understanding where to go next. After the first section is done, you warp ahead in time and pick a character and you fight for 40 minutes before you can get any upgrades or new moves.The enemies run away a lot, forcing you to keep chasing them, when you need to kill them all to exit a level this gets amazingly frustrating. I have no idea where you can save, it's always grayed out for me. You have to read a lot and follow the dumb plot to know what to do and where to go. I just wanted to make people barf and collect coins, but they added a bunch of stuff that really ruined what I liked about the original. It's tedious and bloated, enemies are sponges and the most annoying parts are left in, like running into slightly off pixel items causes you to take damage, fall down and take a few seconds to get up. This happened in the original, but the added depth just makes it even more annoying."
,Not Recommended,422810,30261093,Posted: 1 March,all,Smight,"If you're looking for an alright single-player experience, this game is okay if fairly buggy [menus don't work sometimes, things break, data doesn't save very well]. Online multiplayer is the primary selling point of this game for me though, and it is a mess. Poorly balanced and buggy is just the beginning of it.The worst thing about it is that only the host's game saves, so up to 3 people will have no progress at all in the campaign or even with the characters they've been playing. I hope that this is just another bug for the pile, because it gives you the option to 'save' but it doesn't work.They multiply the enemy count based on how many players there are, to ridiculous levels where there are clown cars of enemies as soon as you enter any screen.There's a wanted system for some reason, and all of these floods of enemies often trigger it on their own, causing even more enemies in the form of powerful police to show up.There's nowhere near enough money to go around for 4 people to get any progress made at all.Bug fixing needs to happen, and online play needs a closer look to understand the concept of 4-man multiplayer and what makes it fun [hint: not grinding money off hordes of guys for 2 hours just to get everyone started]I want to like this game, as a big fan of Riki Kunio's series. Hope that they'll fix these things and turn it into a decent coop experience instead of a disaster."
76561198046581669,Recommended,422810,32870339,Posted: 27 June,all,LESTAD ◥▶_◀◤,"AWESOMEEE! I have replayed so many times the sports game from Kunio-kun- the Hokey, the soccer and the fighting on the arenas (Nekketsu Kakutō Densetsu). I do really want to see them in steam as well!Later have I found the River City game, actually after I heard about RCR:U. I found it nice, and I did expect Underground to be kind of the same. However RCR has 10 different characters which are all nice and fun to play with. In the end RCR is not about the story but about the beating!9/10"
76561198112838066,Not Recommended,422810,30324264,Posted: 4 March,all,Ark_Zilong,"The game begins fun, and is really adicting, with rellly nice combos and combat... but, about the halfway point, it starts to showthe poor design decisions, of which there is an endless ammountfirst its a series of frustrating, garbage chases against what should have been boss fightsthen its the infamous milk mission where you have to make it trough one end of the map to almost the other carrying a mother♥♥♥♥ing bottle of milk that will break if someone looks at it wrongand it just gets worst from there on, I did not think it could get worst, but it doesfrom a poorly explained mission that basically requires you to run back and forth trough a district until certain enemies spawn; to having your inventory cluterred with key items you cannot get rid of limiting you to one inventory space until you complete a certain quest; to having a hard boss become a COMMON ENEMY the very next screen, with the possibility of multiples of him spawning even (also, with poor programing that makes him still use his boss dialog when beaten)to a massive endurance test of an area where a single mistake will cost you hours of progress; having to deal with stage hazards, platformings, the thoughst mook tipes in the game (including the previously mentioned boss) all leading to a poorly planned out boss fight that should be a cool moment, but instead is limp and frustrating, specially since if you fail said boss fight you have to do it ALL OVER AGAIN.I regret all the time I wasted on this, and hate that I will probably waste more due to how addicting this game is regardless and how much of a perfectionist I amCONCLUSION--------------------------wait until its on a massive discount or gets patched a whole lot more before buying this.EDIT: It has been brought to my attention that some of my issues with the game might have been bugs, which will hopefully be fixed in the future"
76561198027689691,Not Recommended,422810,32727457,Posted: 24 June,all,AJLockwood,"At first, I bought this game because I was a fan of the classic River City Ransom game for the NES, but after about 2 hours of playing it I decided to get a refund.The endless grinding for cash and constant running back and forth just quickly started to bore me."
,Not Recommended,422810,30696075,Posted: 23 March,all,Desnos Cross,"Do I want to like this game? No. I want to love it, if it, and by extension, its development team will let me, but, if only for now, that does not seem to be happening. My first time playing through this game was quite nice, despite all of its flaws, and sometimes questionable to downright bizarre design choices, I wanted to love it, and I wanted to love and enjoy the co-op aspect of the game, but, alas, subsequent gameplay has headbutted my rose tinted glasses until the lenses have fallen out, and I find it regrettably difficult to recommend the game in its current state, but I have faith that will change in time.PROS: The artwork, the artwork, the artwork. Simply gorgeous.Well balanced difficulty across all modes of it, the enemies keep you on your toes, and late game enemies will eat you alive if you are not methodical in your approach to grinding them into street pizza to eat and make yourself stronger. This allows for some tremendously fun and sometimes humorous chaos on the battlefield, where bodies fly, and schmucks get knocked down amidst the chaos, you and your co-op partner(s) included.Fun combat system, when the questionable mechanics will let you enjoy it and everything that it offers. Amusing, fancy and sometimes stylish combos and juggles.References upon references to wondrous piles upon piles of nostalgia, be it to the era of gaming from which the original River City Ransom/Downtown Nekketsu Monogatari comes, be it characters seen in Renegade/Nekketsu Kōha Kunio-kun, or subway trains that on the interior doors, bear the names of Axel, Skate, and Blaze from the Streets of Rage series, or various characters old and new in the background, or front and center, there is no end to the nostalgia.New changes to the forumla that add extended and exciting layers to a well established formula, be it horrendously underpaid police trying to dispense justice upon you with their fists for your reported wrongdoings, hilariously mowing down hoodlums and civilians alike with their cars in their relentless pursuit of you, to Dojos that add to a well-growing (When glitches and disappearing moves allow it) movelist, gone are the days of switching between different books to select moves, with combo additions and special moves galore, more so for some characters than others, at times.Clever dialogue and story crafted around an almost seemingly deliberately and humorously simplistic plot that includes a few twists and turns that sometimes go to outrageous extremes, which was much to my delight and amusement.Hoo boy, here we go..CONS: The multiplayer aspect is co-operative in name, and name only. Gone are the days of Castle Crashers (Two of whom actually have a cameo in this game, ironically) Where you and a co-op partner, or three, could air juggle and combo an enemy into oblivion together, or Scott Pilgrim vs The World: The Game where your co-op partner could follow up with a jump kick, or special move on some poor schlub that you just launched into the air, or Double Dragon Neon, where there was seemingly no end to the co-operative mayhem you could inflict upon your enemies, or even the original River City Ransom (Or Streets of Rage 1, 2, and 3, or Double Dragon 1, 2, 3, Super, Return Of, Advance, or Final Fight 1, 2, and 3 or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles In Time, really, the list goes on.), where your co-op partner only sometimes had to worry about you accidentally hitting them, and not being knocked over by someone you have knocked over with an uppercut or roundhouse kick.Now, it is the opposite, you don't have to worry about friendly fire(switchable), but you now have to worry about an enemy knocked over by a simple combo ender barreling into you and knocking you over, to serve you up to anyone waiting to kiss your face with their fist when you regain your footing, or more extremely, being added to the collection of bouncing ragdolls being steamrolled by the Hurricane Kick of your co-op partner's Glen, sure, you won't get hurt, but as someone who LOVES, co op beat-em ups, I cannot help but frown at this. To put it simply, if you are buying this for co-op alone, you may need to wait a while for some changes to the mechanics, that sadly, may never come, if other mechanics and design choices are anything to go by. And don't even get me started on experience distribution and lagging behind in levels in favor of someone using a character with better crowd control.Whereas the combat is the best and most satisfying and rewarding, and fun part of this game, the fun is taxed by a number of mechanics and design choices that range from head-scratchers and head tilters, to downright confusing what-the-fudgery. Wanna up your STR so you can put down enemies quicker to have the crowd surrounding you die down before you get overrun and curb stomped? Sure, but that will tax your ability to do sometimes even simple (ground) combos by adding a knockback that puts targets out of your reach (sometimes with just one hit), for the next hit, breaking flow completely, because aside from certain characters, there is a lack of forward momentum to capitalize on. The higher your STR gets, the more you will have to settle on a redundant flow chart-like formula of certain attacks to make any progress, because gone will be your ability to (ground) combo in some very satisfying ways. Even in the original River City Ransom, the only knockback to speak of was from weapon strikes, no matter how high your STR got.Do you remember the original River City Ransom, Double Dragon 1, or 2, or Super Double Dragon, or its superior Super Famicom re-release Return of Double Dragon or Shin Nekketsu Kōha: Kunio-tachi no Banka? (Japan only Kunio Kun sequel) What do they all share in common?The enemies in all of those games had a certain threshold of hits they could take before entering a state of stun/loss of breath, be it usually 3 punches, 2 kicks, or any combination thereof, allowing you to knock them over, or grab, or any other abuse you could inflict upon them. With the exception of certain character's moves, the only time an enemy will enter this vulnerable state is when they are at 0 health, and are nothing more than a living ragdoll waiting to be knocked over so it can die, this is made clear right away while dispatching the first enemy in the tutorial level. You will wonder where your stun threshold begins and ends when you slip up and are bounced all over by enemies capitalizing on your mistake.The vending machine system, either they work sometimes, or don't, and when they do, they give small sustenance, a fact justified by developers by saying having something be so readily available would break the game, a justification I can't help but simultaneously chuckle and frown at as I lay waste to clusters of respawning punks neatly stacked together exiting from the Wee-Mart every minute or so without fail and making upwards of $50 or more in a matter of minutes to spend on cheap food and stat building, sometimes with just one special attack.The food stat building system is both satisfying and odd to deal with. In the original River City Ransom, your maximum amount of Health/Stamina, was 127, and the best item to restore Health/Stamina was a toy ball you could carry with you and use to restore 84 Health/Stamina. Fast forward to RCRU, your maximum Health/Stamina is 533 at max level, and the best healing item that you can carry with you is a toy tank that restores 60, which means going from low Health/Stamina to mid/high could eat the entirety of your inventory of usable items, unless you opt for the more cost effective Merv Rings, which restores 40 Health/Stamina, which means your inventory will be eaten worse.Percentage healing, perhaps?BUGS, too numerous to list.[Character Limit] In short, there is an amazing game hidden amongst the clutter of odd design choices, and bugs."
,Not Recommended,422810,30273520,Posted: 1 March,all,Lilligrump,"This game looks like it could be something, but it really needs some more work.The game recommends what is clearly an Xbox controller, yet the tutorials and move lists instead all use a single color system with letters corresponding to what the moves are instead of the standard buttons on an xbox controller. This means going to your move list, then back out to the options and controller setup to figure out which buttons G, P, K, and S mean.Speaking of the tutorials, good luck reading them! In a game where you are hitting buttons rapidly to perform attacks, having it so any button press clears the message screen during tutorials is terrible game design. Simply forcing tutorial messages to be cleared with the start button, or any button not used commonly in combat would make it so people could actually read the messages.I actually restarted, twice, once so I could try and remember when a message would pop up, but I still missed out. The second restart was because my game actually froze when fighting the first tutorial boss. After playing for about an hour I decided that this game clearly needs more time and effort. That being said this is my first ever Steam refund request... congratulations!? For anyone else I would strongly recommend stepping back, letting some patches come out (hopefully a UI/Menu overhaul can take place). I might look out for this game down the road during a heavy sale or if it gets some major work done, otherwise I am fine with a refund and watching an LP at this point."
,Recommended,422810,30295449,Posted: 3 March,all,Furyfire,"Guess what guys, I beat the game.I really enjoyed it.Want to know why?Because I figured out how to beat all the parts people are complaining about because they want their hands held.Platforming? No issues here.Milk Escort - Did you know you could set the milk down by pressing the same button you use to pick it up? It's amazing! And the milk doesn't break! Scary what you can find out by experimenting!It's got RPG elements for a reason - Don't like RPGs, don't play this game. You WILL need to grind.----Sarcasm aside, yes I can see why people don't like this game.I only ran into a few bugs, and they were not game enders.Until someone puts out a walkthrough, the devs wanted people to experiment in this game just like the old NES one.The enemies are also close to the NES era - They are programed to read your button presses, that is what made the original so difficult.However, like the original you can learn to manipulate the patterns.As I DID finish the game and got Provie (A character with a BROKEN move list at this point in time, I learned how to do everything by experimenting.) at level 40 with almost all her moves.So heres the pros, neutrals, and cons:PROS -Great musicControls very well (Don't use keyboard, you NEED to use a controller for this.)Lots of characters with variety.If you like RPGs/Fighting games, you'll love this game.NEUTRAL -Lots of experimenting - Took me a hour to figure out how to get to the final area.Story - It's kinda there.Lots and lots of grinding - However, if you know where to look, you'll be fineNasty Difficulty - Enemies are programmed to respond to your button presses, but can be manipulatedNo Direction - Like the NES days, you really are not given much direction on where to go. The map helps though.BAD -BUGs - Ran into a few bugs which reset missionsMilk Escort - Yes, I hated it. But I got through it after figuring out that you can set the milk down to fight.Broken Move list - I played Provie, some of the moves listed have the wrong buttons under them.Multiplayer - Yeah, it's broken... but it's still a great single player experience at this time.All and all I enjoyed the game, I plan on doing new game plus with some of the characters I unlocked.I do recommend this game. :)"
76561197986020573,Recommended,422810,32897400,Posted: 27 June,all,Tempest,If you like old school arcade style games this is a pretty good choice.  I grew up playing four player Ninja Turtles in the glory days of arcade cabinets.  It's not perfect perhaps but it's worth the money if you want to kick some old school butt with some friends.
76561197972736995,Recommended,422810,32845547,Posted: 27 June,all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,This is your classic 2D beat-em-up RPG. You can tell that it was a labor of love.
,Not Recommended,422810,30241323,Posted: 28 February,all,"Dr. Ted ""Crazy Legs"" Nelson","Going to start with the caveat that this is by no means a bad game, but in its current state it just feels off. I really wanted to like it, and the presentation itself is great and charming.  But in the hour I spent with it, the gameplay was just not fun, which is kind of a dealbreaker for how a relatively simple beat-em-up like this should play.Critical info (how your moves work, what stuff will do if you buy it) feels obscured or just not elaborated on at all.Your characters are weak at the start and it's slow going trying to improve them - you get too little money for all the things you need to buy.The wanted/police system is irritating for how easy it is to have them unleashed on you - random civilians routinely run into your attacks while you're trying to defend yourself from attackers.I'm hoping the devs tighten things up, because there is a great game in here somewhere obscured by some unfortunate UI and balance decisions."
,Not Recommended,422810,31235418,Posted: 19 April,all,Maku,"I actually do recommend this game despite everything I am going to say, but things need to be said and everyone - especially those responsible - needs to read this review. RCRU is a cheap cash-in on nostalgia. The game looks and plays great, but after replaying the original NES title I realised there are some outright inexcusable setbacks in this modern sequel. The addition of a grapple is great at first, but the punishment for failure quickly gets old as enemies get faster and there is no way to perform the grabs more quickly unless you are certain characters in certain situations. The police in this game make the police in GTAV seem tame; Once you hit the open world you must follow two NPCs and survive brawling alongside them until you've completed your objective. If at any point you hit an annoying civilian then a wave of cops come after you, fighting them makes them call for backup, and the only way to lose them is to reach a hideout or hide in a dumpster, and the only way to do either of these things is clearing every screen of both mooks AND cops until the open world is finally free. And the worst part? The cops grant no money or EXP for defeating them. I'm not entirely sure what the point of EXP has in this game. Instead of a typical growth rewarded in most RPGs, RCRU increases your potential maximum stats with no growth at all and occasionally allows a new move to be bought at dojos. I assume this was to stop players from farming up cash to buy the most expensive specials at the start of the game, but more powerful moves require more Special to use anyway. I can't say I've ever seen techniques handled this poorly in any other game. Speaking of farming, you sure do spend way too much time doing it. Enemies are all over the place, you can mug civilians, and you can even vandalize some objects to knock change out of them, but the yields are just pitiful for the first half of the story, once again putting the whole level-limited moves from dojos into question as grinding has become more of a chore than ever. And the absolute worst part about this game is the items. A freaking tutorial message reads ""Buying and using items is an essential part of this game"" and that's about as much honor as the devs give to the classic. I played this game with some friends on release, hyping up how great it was to beat people up for lunch money and grow stronger by eating sushi and burgers. The first mall in the NES title offered a café with cheap health items, a bakery with single point stat boosts for under $1, and a sushi bar with FOURTEEN different items of different effects ranging from $2~$29. Meanwhile in RCRU the first mall has ONE shop, selling expensive and useless cats. You can't access the selling point of this eat-em up until after defeating the first two bosses. And when you finally access the shops you slowly begin to realise that the items just suck. The best stamina item in the whole game costs as much as a Special move and only heals you for 60 - which isn't much to a character with ~600. The single item in the whole game I can recommend anyone buying is Dry Beef Stick as it is affordable and provides the only two stats that matter. The stats in the classic weren't perfect, but I could at least say ""buy X if you want stronger kicks and buy Y if you want better maneuverability."" You can't define your playstyle with stats, then there is an illusion that the characters set playstyles through their different max stats. The truth is your playstyle is dictated by each character's special moves. It doesn't matter if one character has a higher THR than the rest because just throwing enemies doesn't damage them, you need to use a Special move, which is powered by the character's ATK. Seeing this game boil its legacy down to a single concept is worse than disappointing, it's betrayal. To summarize, I can only truly recommend this game to anyone interested in watching 8bit sprites do flashy special moves after hours of tedium, and to look elsewhere for the RPG/Beat-em up that RCRU claims it's being."
76561198046184992,Recommended,422810,33006233,Posted: 29 June,all,BadFeungShui,"Who would have thought that after 25+ years of spin-offs, sequels, and remakes that barely saw any exposure outside Japan, we'd ever get a successor to River City Ransom like this. It's about damn time.Though the game does pay due respects to the original source material, the ""Kunio-Kun"" series, this is far more a sequel specific to the westernized version of ""Downtown Nekketsu Monogatari,"" known throughout the USA and Canada as ""River City Ransom.""The gameplay is surprisingly faithful to the source material, something I'd probably describe as ""enjoyably frustrating."" Enemies have numerous bad and annoying habits, including but not limited to pacing outside your reach, hitting once and running away, and attacks that knock down from a distance. All of this just makes me ravenous for♥♥♥♥♥kickings, which is practically immersion for a game mostly centered around punching out a stream of interchangable dunces between boss fights. Getting in synch with the enemy AI and figuring out how to punish their odd habits is part of learning to play. Character building returns as a big feature of gameplay, as well, increasing parameters and learning new abilities from stores strewn across the game world. While infrequent, the game does demand trail-and-error puzzle platforming during a few segments (including three chase sequences and one fetch mission). While most of these felt needlessly difficult on the first few attempts, they became considerably easier after I had completed them once.If there's any parts of the game that gets a ""needs improvement, see me after class,"" it's the character balance. There are 10 available characters for story mode, each with some diverse gimmicks and a suite of unique attacks. However, at least half of the characters have some flawed attacks that fail to hit correctly, combinations wherein a strike knocks enemies out of reach of the following move, or have a warmup animation that is too long to legitimately hit anything with (the AI is programmed to walk outside of range). Most of these, however, seem accidental and are likely to be fixed via the game's frequent updates.This is still an extremely fun game with a banging soundtrack that's even better with some friends. Old timer or newcomer, you owe it to yourself to give this a try."
76561198037628843,Not Recommended,422810,30273312,Posted: 1 March,all,arad0,"I am one of nostalgia guy on kunio series game and I bought this game as fast as possible.I waited long for years for this game so I was very happy to see this in steam.But there is very many reasons I have to give no-recommend on this game.I really REALLY don't want to give down vote but problems make me to do that.Now, I played up to ~42% of storyline. So check it while you read below.1) Successor of legendary game series but inheriting bad things too. Full of inconvenience.As someone wrote about it, there is no log checking system. This would be simple start for 1) issue. If you missed storyline texts, there is no way to check it. At least if you fail, you could catch one more time for reading them. But some texts are not able to be re-checked like that. The problem is that it is very easy to miss them because of many reasons, you should fight against boss or mob, you just took mistake or something etc...The second thing is in skill system. Almost every characters must start without any other personal skills. They only have common skills. When you learn first or second skill, you would be confused because it only shows command button. But many of them are for adding one more combination sequence. But there is no sign of this thing in this game. You should find your way to check how to use it. There are no indication for that. Even you can be confused it is whether add-combo or cheap shot for specific situation. More than half of skills are like this. Also, during early stage Lv games, It is very hard to gathering money and to learn new skills. It takes too much time but there is no information about available skill level. That's very annoying I had to repeat too many times to get in gyms. Even some add-combo skills can be learned before learning essencial base skill for this adding. Those are really confusing. So when can I use this one uh ? In skill learning system more problems are remaining but I'll say it more on below chapters.Every inconveniences are not target for critisicm. Past games also had similar issues too. But it looks like got regression on some points compared to previous games. And those were NES games. It was started by kickstarter donations but it's 21th century right? As I'll say more about preparation of this game, it could be acceptable if it was having ""early access game"" tag. But it is not. That's one more confusing point.2) Bugs/problems on texts, especially on skills.Let me say more about skills. Some of skill command texts are wrong or it doesn't work.For example, My provie with ~14Lv learned skill for kicking downed enemy but it doesn't work or I don't know how to use it. Hey But it's command is very simple, K on downed enemy. Other characters use his own stompings but Provie don't do anything WTF ? Also Some characters command is written wrong. I forgot who was but it's command isn't P, it work with K instead. Let me see on Glen(shoutokan) too. I can't see or use jump round house from 1 lv, J=>K. Nothing happens. Only J=>P jump jap is working. I cannot check this is air combination or not because there is no skill for toss-to-air skill. He or enemy both are not jet fighters. Boxer has tossing skill J=>P. So if it was boxer, I don't need to blame this thing. But it is shoutokan who having no initiator for air combination. Those are tip of iceberg. I cannot determine many things ,what is bug or what is I don't know the usage or what is missing text problems. Too many things are making me confused with this skill system.3) Both Good and Bad thing, extremely defensive AI NPCsEnemy AI is very clever. They are not just a walking log and they can respond to your every actions. It's not only bad thing. They know how to dodge your attacks, how to make benefit from numbers or cooperational tactics. It gives more motive to fight against. I would like to give really high score on this one. But in some cases, NPCs are too much extremely defensive and don't come to fight with me. So sometimes they are boring. This issue is important for some dull characters you can choose. If you are boxer or shoutokan, it is not a big problem. But, as I would write it more on below, If you are wrestler YOU WOULD SEE THE REAL HELL in initial stages of this game. In many games like this one or other genre, Players' basic battle tactic is HIT and RUN. But in this game. NPC ENEMIES PROFICIENTLY USE THIS HIT AND RUN against you.4) character balance issueRelated with the AI, Wrestler cannot do anything under 10Lv. No, It would be impossible to do something with wrestler through end of this game. His every actions are slow. I don't know why. I even had death on first map from hideout more than 10 times in 1Lv with him EARNING NO MONEY. YES I'M SAYING I DIED WITHOUT KILLING ANY OTHER ENEMY NPC FOR STRAIGHT 10 TIMES.1st thing, because every characters have almost no combination or specific job skills at the start, it's very boring and annoying. At least, kunio had mach kick skill at the start in some previous series. But every characters have no like it. So early stage of this game is really boring. Also, skills under 10Lv are useless in many cases. If it is combo extension, at least you are lucky. If it is GODDAMN air combo skill you have no chance to see that. SPC skills are learned first in 8~13 period. They are really cool, fun and amazing. But you should know that. In some previous series, some of special skills were able to be used in 1Lv or defeating boss, or buying some items.Status is also one of the problem. Although I didn't write about it above, It is one more inconvenience of this game. I cannot understand what stat affect on something. I can see that STR affect basic hit damage. But then WHAT IS THE MEANING OF ATK STAT. I saw some skill damages are increased when my AGI and ATK is increasing. But it is very confusing that some attacks are enhanced by STR but Some are affected by AGI or ATK. I cannot see inconsistent of affections of stats. I upgraded weapon stat but it looks like my iron pipe making same damage after upgrade. But it is increased after upgrading STR. WHAT????  I upgraded throw but the damage of thrown weapon or grap-thorw is showing same damage too. is there a problem on my memory or something? I also cannot understand the effect of DEF stat. You would expect you can get smaller damage if you upgrade it. But that doesn't happen. Actually, NOTHING DIFFERENT HAPPENS WHEN YOU UPGRADE IT. At least, I cannot see difference. Also I cannot understand ENG too. It looks like it is decreased when I got knocked-down. Then it recovers. But What is the logic of this actions ? Do it affect on fast stand-up? I don't know. Every things on this game work like this.One more thing, damage of skills or normal attacks are almost not different. So many of skills are meaningless. If skill damages are related not to STR but ATK, ATK focussed plays would be possible. But I don't think so as I wrote above because mechanics are very confusing. Let me see boxer. He has charging attack(snake straight) and dodge counter skill. But damage of snake straight is just 18 now, normal hitting is 15 damage. Only 3 damage difference. My ATK STR AGI of boxer is almost maximum now. So, if there is no desire for watching animation, there is no motivation to use snake straight. Even dodge counter is same like it. It gives quick back step motion, so it would be worth if it was pvp game. But you can make up with your basic movement buttons instead using S skill. Even NPCs are doing this back step - piercing play with only basic movements. The damage of dodge counter is also same as normal hit 15 dmg. So only multi-hitting skills are valuable to use in this game and others are useless. There is no motive to use them. If you want self-making hard mode. It would be nice but you really want it?"
76561198001521163,Not Recommended,422810,30350605,Posted: 5 March,all,Illegal Sheep Crimes,"TLDR: There is a good game in here some where, but it's buried by tons of bad idea and taped together slopply. If you loved the original, maybe you'll ove this one. Otherwise, naah.Here is a list of things that utlimately drove me to unisntall the game. if you don't mind any of them, then maybe this game is for you:-day and night cycle, only exist to inconvience you, forcing you to wait for boss to spawn or for shop to open, it changes nothing else in the game.-cops and civilian, the civ ai are basically program to run into your attack on purpose to trigger the cops to go after you. Btw, if a thug accidentlly punch a civ that drop coins into you, that counts as you mugging them and will trigger cops.-long stun time, running into walls, getting stun by an attack, getting knocked down. These takes a long time to recovery from and there doesn't to be anything you can do about it. This by itself is annoying but really become bad due to the next point.-having to chase down the boss, quite a few story boss requires you to run them down, first one wasn't bad, the next one immedately introduce a long path way fill with basically insta restart pits. combine with above point, any mistake means restart the chase.-UI or Information in general sucks, it tells you basically nothing, You want to know what this food does? look it up online. You want to know when you can buy a move? you just have to keep checking. you want to know where the actual objective is? you are on your own. you want clear instruction on how to perform your move? hahahahahahah! no.All these individually are not too bad, but all of them together just makes everything feels like a waste of time. The core gameplay loop boil down to this:1. grind mobs for cash and level2. run pass all mobs till boss3. beat boss4. goto 2, unless can't beat boss, go to 1The ""open world"" and all it's sytem basically are just designed to make the above takes longer. Ultimately if they just made this a standard beat them up, I think it would have been a good waste of time. But instead all this crap they tape onto the game only drag the game down."
76561198013027885,Not Recommended,422810,30272579,Posted: 1 March,all,JayPi,"After reading all the reviews and playing the game for a bit i've decided to refund the game, seems like a huge disappointment until they work on the game some more, it's a shame too cause I love the original games."
76561197999866270,Recommended,422810,30382286,Posted: 7 March,all,Wykstromius,"I must preface this review with the following statement:  I love this game.  Not only does it capture the feeling of the original River City Ransom, it improves on it in many ways, from expanding the very narrow plot to having more intrigue, adding a greater variety of characters to choose from, and varied environments that change a bit based  on time of day AND story progression.That said, this game has some serious problems.  First of all, the characters.The only character I can honestly ENJOY playing as right now is Paul.  Why?  Because he's BALANCED.  He has a good set of moves that allow for juggles, crowd control, and dealing with downed enemies.  Let's take Rudy as a contrast.  He's a wrestler that doesn't even start with wrestling moves, he's ponderously slow to the point of being interrupted on moves,  and his specials rely on almost pinpoint precision to hit targets -- though that's not limited only to Rudy.Why is Bruno a Luchador?  He doesn't even fight like a wrestler!Most of the playable characters seem to suffer from flash vs. substance, where their special moves, WHEN THEY WORK, tend to have such a narrow margin you find yourself in turns frustrated and exhilarated when they fail repeatedly only to land a hit once.  A great example of this is Paul's Dash punch, where it has such a narrow chance of hitting an enemy that 40%  of the time you pass THROUGH them (harmlessly), and the other 30% you fall short  of  hitting them.This problem is pervasive with many of the specials, and believe me, I've tried most of the characters at this point, from Bruno to Mike to Glen to Alex and Ryan, their specials (when they trigger at all) often have really, REALLY  bad collision radii.  Add to that the preternatural ability of the enemies to detect when you're going to do one and you end up relying on basic punches, kicks, and counters A LOT.  Which is unfortunate as the specials can be cool.I really wanted to play as Rudy and Alex from the trailers, and sadly they fall well short of balanced characters, often getting their asses handed to them on the high difficulties, which is all I'll play at since I get the most value when there's a real challenge.  With that in mind, the main new characters (Provie, Glen, Paul and Bruno) have clearly had the lion's share of focus by the developers.  They are more balanced, more varied, and more survivable than the backup characters and it shows, unless you want to count Wes who is more of a cheat code than a character :).The other major issue I have with the game as it stands are the platforming elements that want to borrow from sidescrollers but with PIXEL PRECISION.  The log jumping is atrocious because of the per-pixel vertical motion, when what they SHOULD have done was make the logs snap points you jump between.Another little problem is transitioning between rooms.  I believe you should have to hold down a button to avoid accidentally  moving off-screen or being punched off-screen, because while it's funny to punch enemies out of the area, it's not funny at all to clear most of the enemies and then stumble out of the screen or get thrown and have to go back.Aside from that, I find it a highly accessible and largely victorious sendoff to the original.  If they would take some time to digest some of the criticism leveled at the playable characters and IMPROVE the balance of the rest of the characters rather than GIMP the few that ARE balanced, I think this game would be a blast to build up all the characters in.As it stands, I just play as Paul  and spin punch the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of enemies because it's fun, feels good, and the challenge is there without me feeling like half the moves are useless or broken.As far as the multiplayer, my friends and I haven't had any issues so I can't say much about it.I  recommend this game, but I do hope the devs take another look at Rudy, Mike, Alex and Ryan as well as address the precision issues with the specials and skills that don't actually trigger at all."
,Recommended,422810,30310203,Posted: 4 March,all,Claybrone,"This is almost unreal.. I use to play this on the NES days, but i had no idea about the Kickstarter or a reboot of this game.it's everything u love about the original and of course more... The grind of collecting coins and the ocassional dollar.This is a great side scrolling beat'em up game and also a great Couch Co-op as well.From the trailer shown, you have alittle ways before u get any of the fancy moves. Kinda slow in the beginning with the simple moves each character has but they get better after visiting shops and dojos to enhance your stats and moveset.I'm maybe %20 percent into the game but i've been fighting on the streets day/night just to get that edge later in the game.As as small tip for new players. There's a Sauna spot u can visit to replenish your health and other bonuses. It's almost vital in the beginning until u unlock combos and other moves for your fighter.Other than that. Great game and keep the updates coming along. It's only getting better."
,Recommended,422810,30345739,Posted: 5 March,all,The Guermo,"I do recomend this game but as it is now it is deeply flawed, the objectives are unclear, even the the trainning level was unclear, you are given a huge idea of power during the training then it is all taken away and you have no indication of how or when to get back to that level. There are more issue that I could get into but in short, it is a good game, it just doesn't want you to see it, pick it up when its at 50% of or once some patches make it more accesbles.PS: It feels like the developers in a deire to keep it accurate to the old school games, brought back some of the incredibly annoying features."
,Recommended,422810,31791462,Posted: 16 May,all,Anklebiter,"If you want a trip down memory lane, it's worth the buy.  If you never played the first game on the NES, it's probably skippable.  After finishing, the NES game left me more satisfied.Without spoilers...this game just gets weird near the end.  Even near the start, you don't fight bosses...you CHASE them.  It's not fun.I'd wait for a sale on this one, though I spent a lot of time with it.  Cheers!"
,Recommended,422810,30322141,Posted: 4 March,all,streetpharmacy3,"Update- They STILL haven't balanced the arena. I can kill the enemy in a couple of punches on the hardest difficulty.I've been a fan of RCR game since it was released on NES and played just about all of the side games.This game is a blast but some things feel like they were rushed and not thought about much.1. The biggest thing is, all of the previous RCR's focused around gangs. Underground has gangs but not many, instead each map seems like there are a bunch of random characters running around. I'd rather seen color affiliated games, or more styles (nerds, athletes, bikers etc) rather than a mob of randoms.2. I don't mind the mobs, but it seems like each map just dumps 6 enemies. Vary the amount of mobs, make some individuals tougher than others. Switch it up.3. Either I'm inputting the movements wrong, but it seems like the moves list doesn't display the correct buttons.4. The arcade mode is way too easy, even on the hardest difficulty. My character does way too much damage vs the AI. Either lower my damage output or increase theirs.I'm about 30% done with this game but I love it for the most part, I believe if they listen to some of the inputs from the community, it will turn out even better. I'm loving the music, especially the boss battles!Great job guys, keep on the good work :D"
76561197990636689,Recommended,422810,34145150,Posted: 10 August,all,AJ,"The BEST!RCRU:  River City Ransom Underground is an absolute must for retro gammers and fans of beat-rm-up genre of games.Pick your character, or pick 5 different characters to challenge this awesome past-time.Play the story mode or simply play, RCRU is just plain fun.Solo, Local Multiplayer, LAN Multiplayer (I think) and Online Multiplayer -  are challenging and fun.  (Well at least three of the four modes that we have tried)Hours & hours of fun."
,Recommended,422810,34716975,Posted: 3 September,all,Mechakitty,"RIVER CITY RANSOM: UNDERGROUNDOpening caseNES wasn't really my childhood, I started with a 64 but at the time I had an older friend with some third-party consoles and all kind of games, one of those I never played at the time was River City Ransom. Around 7 months ago I heard about this game's kickstarted and felt like playing the NES game, I heard goo things Scott Pilgrim vs The World video game and knew it was based upon the original RC, so I played the NES game and though it was great for the time, it was the perfect balance between beat 'em up and RPG, so, how does Underground fare in comparison with Scott's and the OG(Original game) games?GameplayWhile I understand the WANTED mechanic of the game drove some people off the game it was never really that bothersome to me, while it got to me nerves a few times where I miss pressed some attack button most of the times felt it was me getting greedy looking for more money.There are 10 characters with most of them needing to be unlocked to play as them, that said only 4 or 5 of them really feel fully fleshed out, some of the unlockables come with all their moveset unlocked and they never feel like enough, the other ones are amazing to play as, with lots of combos easy and hard to pull out.I didn't really see anyone mention this but the inventory system is really well made, they changed so you don't have to pause the game to use items like on the NES one, you have little squares under your health and once you buy items a mini pixellated version of the item appears on your inventory, you use one button to cycle through and another one to use the selected item, you can easily tell items apart since the icons for them are really well made.Stats are a bit weird on this one, it isn't as straight forward as it might sound, such as: ATK, which represents attack doesn't really help you with hand-to-hand combat, only with special attacks performed by your character, and STR(Strength) increases damage dealt by both kicks and punches, I'm not the biggest fan of this change since for most of my first playthrough I was getting ATK up and seeing no difference on basic damage, that said once you understand what does what you can get the gist of it really quickly.Money system is another thing I did not enjoy as much, every time you die you lose half of the money you had, if you're playing multiplayer only the player to get the coins gets money, so as long as you're playing with a friend you're constantly with low money unable to buy anything unless you grind for it, and grind it times the number of players you're playing with, a ""everyone gets the money"" option was really welcome here, there's still time to add, I don't think it would be that hard to add.GraphicsIt's the prettiest pixellated game of 2017, and I belive it will continue to be until Katana:Zero comes out, the attention to detail and world building is really grand, I love how every part of the map has something going for it, a bicycle race going on, construction site with hazards, bridges with pooping pigeons, really this game is a pixel-art fan's dream, it does not disappoint from beginning to end!MusicI head the musician for this game went on a rampage to getting every song they made of the games they were in, I'd say that's a total bummer, since the soundtrack is amazing, it didn't grab onto the old one with dumbed down remixes, it's totally new, the sweet crisp sounds are a blast and really compliment gameplay, now, the thing is, I belive they're composing a new soundtrack for the game, not sure if it's already out since I played the game before it was pulled from steam and I'm writing this review after it came back, I'll update in regards the new soundtrack if I play the game again.Final notesI really enjoyed my time with the game, the bosses are really fun and even tough it has it's problems none really overshadows all the other things the game does right, if you're looking to buy the game take a look at this guide:All Shop Items and their Stat Booststo undestand which stat helps you with what, and if you're not really into gaming but you're into pixel art there is a well writtenwalkthrough with spoilers"
,Not Recommended,422810,31781805,Posted: 15 May,all,Lazerblast!,"I feel like they tried so hard with this game and then just got lazy, there was variety in characters, shops, and they managed to capture the feeling of the original. Unfortunately they stuffed the game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ filler that is made difficult due to the specifics of the gameplay (looking at you inexplicable and unnecessary chase scenes) and not genuine challenge.  Swing and a hit, but the hit was a foul."
76561198018716063,Recommended,422810,32920396,Posted: 28 June,all,Jonas ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Good game, funny combo mecanics, a bit grindy tho."
,Recommended,422810,30244116,Posted: 28 February,all,Twerkinator,"Great game with a ton of flaws atm.Most can be fixed, some maybe not.The beginning of the game is pretty poorly balanced imo. Especially when you meet up with 2 certain characters and have to go through a few maps, with a lack of moves and healing items, it's jarringly difficult for something so early in the game. But as soon as it ends, for me at least, it became nighttime so I couldn't even go heal right away due to the shop being closed. So, I feel that section is a bit unforgiving for no reason. After that, it seems to be alright so far.Bugs. And lots of 'em. This can easily be fixed and I won't hold them against the game for having them, if AAA companies can get away with it, these guys can have some lenancy. Still, this needs to be sorted out. I haven't ran into any game breaking ones, but within an hour I could count the bugs on 2 hands.The tutorial is waay too easy to accidentally skip. You get a box prompt telling you what to do, teaching you things about the game,  but it always came up during combat and very suddenly. I've skipped about half of the tutorial messages by just trying to play the game and as far as I can tell, there's no way to read them again.But in the end, the combat is very fun, albeit frustrating in the beginning, the game feels like the classic RCR but improved on in many ways and if you had any ounce of love for the original, you'll most likely dig this game too.It's a cautious recommendation. It's a great game at heart, but needs some more love and fixing before it's what it needs to be."
76561198022905354,Recommended,422810,32688024,Posted: 23 June,all,myradon,"This is what a retro remake should be. Huge ammounts of content, satisfying play style and it does a wonderful job of capturing the origional. too often there sorts of games end up insulting the source material but but the occasional jabs have been light and respectful. all in all if you want to beat up the gangs of River City this is a great place to start!"
,Recommended,422810,30509778,Posted: 14 March,all,SpacePirateCaine,"River City Ransom Underground is exactly the RCR/Kunio-kun game that it should've been. It takes the formula of the original and dials everything up to 11, without changing the dynamic of what made the original game a classic. It's silly and self-aware as most modern sequels to classic franchises are, but doesn't devolve into complete lunacy like Double Dragon Neon did. It looks and feels like RCR, and fans of the original won't be disappointed.The addition of new characters, each with unique playstyles makes it both interesting and fresh when experimenting. Some characters feel much better than others, but the team at Conatus are actively supporting and rebalancing, so the game can only improve from here.The online multiplayer was completely painless, and now that the progress saving ""bug"" has been fixed, the game's value has jumped immensely."
76561198022307757,Not Recommended,422810,30997139,Posted: 7 April,all,Sir Henry,"6/10. Well put together with a few glaring flaws.Combat is precise and tight. Graphics are nice and give this game much appeal.Storyline a little difficult to follow. Hard to know what to do at some stages, esp with military helicopter.Police system annoying and disruptive. Takes away from what I am trying to achieve, and have to run to a hideaway or eliminate all police and run to a dumpster. This is not fun and pedestrians are annoyingly difficult to avoid.Polishing store system (showing that there are more items below at dojos) would be helpful. I hated having to write down and look up what items give what stats, and I still hate having to do that. QOL."
,Recommended,422810,30310081,Posted: 4 March,all,Haphestus,"If you are a fan of the original game, or just like a button mashing, beat-down style retro experience - this is the game for you!! If that doesn’t sound like fun then stop reading now.  This oozes nostalgia from the original NES title. The game recommends you use a gamepad style controller, which if you don’t have one this experience will be much less enjoyable. The combat is straight forward with a basic combination of attacks that expands as you level up and purchase new moves/special abilities. I’m only about 20% through the game at this point but I have put in over 12 hours – mostly just trying and leveling a few of the many characters that you can access. Each one has a different fighting style and appeal based on the player preferences. I think this adds a new level of complexity over the original RSR and adds some replay ability/freshens the game if you want a different challenge.  I’m looking forward to trying the online and co-op modes to interact with other players. I think that addition will help keep you entertained with the ability to connect with friends and others who enjoy this title. I give it a thumbs up."
76561198104296427,Recommended,422810,30299619,Posted: 3 March,all,Paz,"I was watching the Devs put their all effort into this - I think it started 4 years ago. I was very happy they finally release the game!I'm not a backer at all but I'm a fan of their team, they made RCR a sequel!The gameplay objectve is classic - pinching your brain where to go and where to find the mission. It's an open world beat em' up in summary.Characters have each unique ability and specialize in some split-second situation.In-game problems [bugs,glitch] is just a tinsy winsy problem, trust me.Very nostalgic were there are places you can remember and some guest characters are in this game!The story is rich and have some humor [eating a book? why not!].Character build is your own decision, do what you want to do.Community is there to help your questions but if you want to challenge yourself, why not finding you're own?Multiplayer is fine - double the enemies which is better! Ping is not that bad for different countries.RCRU is one of the BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED THIS 2k17 - The content is there!My score for this awesome shiz is 92/100!"
,Recommended,422810,30343016,Posted: 5 March,all,ophidic,Amazing. Plays like a deluxe version of the old game.
,Not Recommended,422810,32352771,Posted: 11 June,all,Fartlek Spizzle,"As a fan of the NES game, I was sorely let down by RCRU.  Outstanding 2D animation can't make up for a dull, monotonous game full of tedious filler missions, dull grinding and repetitious boss encounters."
76561198002872498,Not Recommended,422810,32355553,Posted: 11 June,all,broodledoodle,"Oh boy what to say about this...Game seemed super fun at first, regular old NES style beat em' up, quickly turned super ♥♥♥♥ing aggrivating.So before I just rant at extenuating lengths, let's just do some pros and consALSO, before you see me tear this game up, I REALLY wanted to like it, I even bought two copies for me and a friend, however this is not acceptable for a game that is supposed to be complete, and no longer in beta or a testing phase.Pros:-Old NES style beat em' up (nostalgia wooo)-Lot's of variety of characters/moves-Funny dialogue and character poses(NPCs)-Decent amount of play hours-Lots of shops with pop culture, and humorous contentUnfortunately the pros stop there for me.Cons:-Extremely difficult random quests(the milk bottle) like the actual boss fights, are a million percent less challenging than when they *SPOILERS* make you run through several parts of the city SLOWED, with a milk bottle that if you get hit, you have a random number of drops before it shatters, you have to make it through TWO different subway rides, and multiple streets, just to be met with a ♥♥♥♥ing squad of roller derby girls to make sure if you haven't dropped it enough yet, that it's bound to shatter? This is just the best example of the terribly difficult quests they force you to complete to progress the story(this is all because some character that you just met needs a protein shake? ♥♥♥♥ this filler♥♥♥♥♥♥-Sprinting, your character can double tap a direction to run faster, though whenever the game feels like glitching, you can run into an invisible wall before you can move into the next stage, thereby making you possibly drop your milk bottle from the aforementioned quest.-Can knock your own teammate down in COOP by charging an NPC even though friendly fire is off-You can get stuck in between the stage you're on and the doorway to the next during CoOp play-Normally I would never put an open world esque map as a con, but it's so open and vague that if you don't know each stupid NPC by name and can read the vague descriptions of where you need to go to find your next objective, you're up♥♥♥♥♥♥creek without a paddle.Honestly thought the cons list would be longer as I just finally rage quit this game for the final time and will not be replaying it unless it receives copious bug fixes and a choice whether to do the dumbass milk quest or not, I mean you don't even get like stat bonuses, or like any type of reward for completing the absolutely absurdly difficult quest to get some meat head his ♥♥♥♥ing protein shake ingredients.TL;DR buggy piece of non balanced horse chit, DO NOT PLAY IT, NOT RECOMMENDED UNTIL UPDATED(which they won't)"
,Recommended,422810,31369584,Posted: 25 April,all,Saskrotch,Took me a little while to get into it but now I can't put it down
76561198120443741,Recommended,422810,31384782,Posted: 26 April,all,roinflavon,"If you loved the first one bock on the NES, this remake is worth the money.The main new upgrade was more characters to choose from.Each of these has thier own style of fighting.The city is pretty big, but it could have more streets.Get ready to....fightfightfightfightfight"
,Recommended,422810,34452128,Posted: 23 August,all,Ken Masters,"There is a good game here.  I wasn't a backer, but I've been following these guys since they barely made their kickstarter money.  Years later, theyFINALLYbring it out.  I liked what I played pre-patched, and the improvements with the patches only made it better.There are SEVERAL annoyances including the somewhat unnecessary police mechanic and the milk mission, but everything else is fairly solid.  It's a lot of fun to combo enemies and bosses to oblivion.  I haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but I don't think I would change my views on the game based on it.  I primarily game on single player.  This game is very underrated and I hope that...certain lawsuits with insane music composers don't further taint this game's reputation.  Best and most original River City game we've gotten in a while."
76561198048071638,Recommended,422810,34478773,Posted: 25 August,all,LGB - Frank,"It's missing a bit of the charm of the orginal game, but it created it's own (If anyone remembers the flash games on the site Newgrounds back when it was popular, you'll know what I mean.).It is a bit short if you're going to only do the story. So I recommend to mess around with each character, it personally made it more enjoyable.Each character is unique, but the tiers are obvious. You can make the low tiers stand out... but they are hard to master so you'll need a lot of time to do so, yet they have the most interesting combos to see. Trust me, it's amasing to see people pull those off!All in all, I'd say it's about a 4/5.Above average but lacks a bit of replayability once you do everthing. I still recommend it if you like beat-em-ups of old.PS: Be warned, when you start you barely have any moves and need to purchase it.Things I find could be fixed or added:Show what the move you are about to buy does before you buy it.It did happen that I baught a move once and couldn't use it because I didn't have another attack which permits me to use the one I just purchased."
,Recommended,422810,30268466,Posted: 1 March,all,MistakenAnime,"Ok let me start and just say...THIS GAME WAS WORTH THE WAITWell, sort of. Let me first say that River City Ransom: Underground is an absolute blast! The fighting mechanics are great especially when compared to it's more simplistic predecessor. The pixelated retro look and animation are genius (shoutout to @BannonRudis). The art style really gives you that old school feel but the animations keep it interesting and modern. The story is basically if ""The Warriors"" (79) and every Save the Princess *cough* Mario *cough* game had a skateboarding, powersliding baby with backwards hat and sunglasses. I would outright give it a 10 out of 10... if it weren't for the fact that it is fundamentally broken on so many different levels.You see RCR:U is definitely a sequel to the first game and I am not going to sit here and complain about it being ""too hard"", because that's the point of the game! I also don't want to summarize or say anything that other reviews have already.  My issues lie with the bugs, game mechanics, and lack of ease of access for new players. So in this review I will break down the cons and possible solutions:Money Divided by 2!I know I know, I just said ""I am not going to sit here and complain about it being too hard"" but hear me out. It is painstaking ,especially in the beginning of the game where your character is barebones, to have to gain money for all purchases and lose half. It's hair pulling, it's frustrating, and an overall nightmare for new players.The solution? Make an easy mode or a bank system.For newer players an easy mode would be a godsend. It would allow them to learn the game while still having a reduced penalty for dying. However if this is not the aim of RCR:U then perhaps a banking system could be put in place? Imagine ATMS or a couple of banks thrown about random towns that you can withdraw, and deposit your money safely.. at a price. Banks close at night and you can only withdraw at the more frequent ATMS. Banks could be so far and few between each other that it is almost like rewarding the player for even being able to deposit! I mean I'm not a game designer so if that's not your goal then there are other ways to negate the 50% loss of funds like...Food StorageI'm talking about Lunchboxes, Coolers, Fridges, SOMETHING! It would be so nice if you could deposit bought food into some sort of food storage back at the safe houses. It makes absolutely no sense that you can't heal at least in some way at the SAFE HOUSES. Being an open-world like RPG and such the player should buy the food storage themselves for selected safe houses. The bigger the storage the higher the price. This would not only make the 50% money loss more bearable but it could be a fun little sim-like interaction both single and multiplayer. Imagine being able to customize safe houses with various items making it feel more homey. Your friends would♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and raid your fridge or something I dunno.. OH SPEAKING OF FRIENDSFix the Servers and the Saving and the UGHI spent a good 2 hours of my life grinding it out in some co op with a buddy of mine thinking I was helping him farm some coins. All was well and we had a good time. However that time was absolutely wasted because after saving the game I got back on a few hours later and realized that I was back to my previous coin and level. Now I understand the devs have announced that this would be fixed but I had to mention it. There's not much for my input in this matter since they are going to fix it so I am just gonna say add a fist bump that can transfer money or food to friends. The leveling system already prevents early levels from buying certain moves, so I don't see what's so wrong about helping my friend get some grub. So many sad trips to a burger joint, jus sayin'. Speaking of moves and leveling..Better Move ExplanationsI am going to try to keep this one short. When I go to a dojo I would like to see Level Requirements for moves. So many times have I grinded out $50+ just to get turned away by Castle Crashers,Hotline Miami, and Co. (nice nods by the way). Also when I am looking at the move list a more in depth description or a video example for the moves would be nice. I know you're trying to emulate a fighting game but the controls are a bit ""different"" to simply have inputs. I mean there is a cool arena mode so...FIX ARENA MODEI don't care that I didn't grind 40 hours with Provie, I have her unlocked hence the arena mode should have her moveset! If you're trying to emulate fighting games and make a cool mode with multiple characters to butt heads then put them at a somewhat even playing field! All those that say ""but I played the story mode and unlocked all the moves I deserve this advantage"" just shove it! Imagine playing Street Fighter and you have to play survival mode with each character to unlock each move and combo string for that said character! That is absolute bull! I am not sure what the devs were going for so if they really want that whole story progressed advantage factor then let that be an option not the standard.Wanted System Needs LevelsI mean this is a society where gang violence is somehow socially acceptable as long as gangs keep it among themselves but come on. If I run into a meter by accident a chopper shouldn't fly in with SWAT members with riot shields. I know AI is a hard thing to program so I am not gonna complain too much about this factor but at least have levels to this ish. There should be Meter Maids then Beat Cops then Sergeants then SWAT. Also punching someone on accident that runs into your fight like an idiot shouldn't mean Seal Team Six comes and bodies me. Especially considering they don't drop any experience or loot! If behavior such as mugging little girls, fire blasting nerds, and even beating up police is displayed then we can not possibly be above getting money from police just like everyone else (or at least experience for pete's sake). Maybe experience and money from cops can be lesser than the average thug but you should be compensated in some fashion. Also make more hiding spots, I can hardly find dumpsters and safe houses aren't always near by. Finally...Add More to the Night/Day CycleI know there are slight differences like boss spawnings and such but they are hardly noticeable. With store closings at night it is somewhat difficult to survive so why isn't there more to it? I want to feel like at night the gangs are out and about more. Maybe some Quests like gang fights, break ins, criminal stuff! There should be more enemies on screen at night with more difficulty however they drop much more money than the day cycle. The possibilities are endless to make the night cycle seem more meaningful than a darker sky.River City Ransom: Underground is an awesome game deserving of it's sequel status and in my opinion better than it's predecessors. I know that the devs most likely won't make all of my dreams come true so take this review with a grain of salt. It really was worth the wait, and you can tell all the heart and soul put into this game. They truly have done an exceptional job but there are just some adjustments that should be made. Hope the Community enjoys my review.ps add more character customization thanks"
76561198031898108,Recommended,422810,30233925,Posted: 27 February,all,jujohnso,"Great gameplay, great music, great humor.  If you enjoyed the original you will love this.  If you like beat-em ups or retro games, I recommend giving this one a chance!  It's obvious that the devs put a ton of talent and passion into this game. I'm now 9 hours in so far, and the game is a blast especially with friends!I recommend Glen as a good starting character.  The game is an RPG and as such can be a bit grindy in places, but if you are patient and invest time in leveling up your stats and moves, the fighting system is deep and rewarding!  Highly recommended.There were some minor bugs are launch, but the devs have already patched the game and more updates are on the way.  Overall, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,422810,30313775,Posted: 4 March,all,Wyrdboy,"A modern day recreation of - and a sequel to River City Ransom for the NES. This game is every bit as good as the original, while it turns the combat up to 11 and expands the open world gameplay. The artstyle is gorgeous and very faithful to what the original was, as is the combat/physics system. It's apparent that a lot of effort and love went into it to make it play and feel like a Technōs title.If you liked the original or you're a fan of oldskool beat 'em ups and most importantly like a challenge, then this game can offer a great experience."
76561198135160525,Recommended,422810,30278618,Posted: 2 March,all,BrutalHips,"about 4 hours into the game, just happened to see quite a few negative reviews for some reason.Thought I'd share my experience so far.The original River City is my favorite game of all time along side Punch Out, I had high expectations of this game, and so far it hasn't disappointed at all.People leaving negative reviews for not having every detail of the game explained to them have obviously never played the original, especially people crying that they lose half their money when they die, like, what are you even doing playing this lmao.There is a punishment for failure in this game, you have to explore your moveset whenever you buy new moves, you have to explore every room and grind for money if you want to buy food or more moves for your character, so far this is everything I wanted in this game from the beginning. I like the risk of losing something when I die, I love exploring my moveset to see what new strings I can pull off, it feels satisfying. I love the combat, it adds a new flavor to the original formula, I enjoy the grind.I haven't experienced any bugs yet like some people have, and I can agree that the cops are annoying when the screen is full of characters when you enter, unable to make out who is friend or foe.nerf cops interactions if anything.but please don't pander to these millennials, or feel bad cause they're used to a game holding their hand.Last thing, love the lil nods to the original, or the references to other games. really brought a smile to my face.Hopefully I'll enjoy the rest of the game like I have been so far.Good job, guys."
76561198271780336,Recommended,422810,30305790,Posted: 3 March,all,Taft,"a worthy successor to my favorite game as a child, and it's quite clear the developers loved it just as much as i did. this looks, sounds, and feels like river city ransom - despite expanding upon the gameplay & design in nearly every way. playing through this was insanely nostalgic yet new & interesting at the same time. it's a love letter to the old glory days of beat-em-ups, yet it actually brings modern ideas into the genre instead of just recycling old game mechanics. this is a dream game for anyone old enough to remember the nintendo days. i sincerely hope arc system works takes notice of this game's awesomeness & asks them to make the next double dragon for them."
,Recommended,422810,30332712,Posted: 5 March,all,"Prof. Dr. Sir Lord Master, Esq.","Do you enjoy retro side scrolling beat-im ups from the 90s?  Or even modern ones like Castle Crashers and Scott Pilgrim?Well if you do then River City Ransom is probably for you!  A challenging multiplayer romp with RPG elements and unlockable skills / fighters awaits you!Even if you haven't played the original NES classic or it's remakes River City Ransom Underground quickly catches you up on the events of the original and drops you sprinting into the action.Featuring great local multiplay, and currently glitchy online play (March 2017) it's a great time playing with friends, or more challenging solo."
76561197977989094,Recommended,422810,34517441,Posted: 26 August,all,SgtKickAss,"I can't understand the negative reviews... for real! Nice nostalgia and good to see my 2 childhood buddies grown up as well! I am having a great time with this game, I still haven't had any bugs or issues... Really good combat full of combos! You have to unlock the skills like in the first game! Overall I give this game an 8/10."
76561197996551596,Recommended,422810,30244769,Posted: 28 February,all,Hekteur,"(Text version below pros and cons)Pros:- Brings back all those beat em up memories.- True to the original.- Improved combat system and AI, making the game less robotic than its original version.- Lot, and lot... and lot of content.- New Game plus with additional difficulty level makes for great replay value.- EDITED: The game has been out for days only and the dev already pushed two updates.Cons:- Might feel really hard to the more casual gamers.- Some bugs here and there, but nothing alarming.- Some might think there is too much grinding, but then again, it all depends on the player's ability or need to be OP.This is definitely THE beat em up you'Ve been looking for since the long forgotten NES era. The game's graphic are true to the original, the combat system feels fresh and deep while keeping the spirit from the original game. The game does start by introducing new players with a tutorial, but those may feel like the learning curve is really steep due to the game's difficulty. Just take your time, learn the basics (character's moves + attack/dodge pattern for different enemies) and you'll start enjoying the game. I'll put emphasis on the game's difficulty because it feels just like the average NES game from back in the days so, maybe those who hate a great challenge might want to think twice before buying. Once the introduction is done, the game lets you lose across a very vast world, so make sure to explore first so you get a good idea where to find the different shops and hideouts; those will be essential if you want to upgrade your characters fast and soften that difficulty a bit. I've run across a few bugs like boss events not triggering or access to the first dojo not being granted, but they are all fairly easy to avoid (in all cases I encountered, I was triggering events like using items at the exact same time as a boss or the last enemies was defeated). I would recommend evryone who misses the original River City Ransom (or any other beat em up from that era) to buy this!EDIT: I must also add that the dev is indeed hard working to fix the game's issue because after being out for a few days, 2 updates have already been pushed.TL;DR:- Must buy to any fans of NES/SNES era beat em up games.- Don't hesitate to think twice or get more informations before buying if you're more of a casual gamer or if great challenges aren't for you."
76561198325863844,Recommended,422810,30266758,Posted: 1 March,all,James,"River City Ransom is probably the first game that introduced the concept of grinding for me (the hours beating up Benny and Clyde, stealing their lunch money to buy skill books). My review for this game is mixed, but overall on the Yes I'd recommend side. Kudos to the people who started this project in kick starter.Pros+ Characters move sets are unique from each other. Attack combo, power, speed, reach, sets them apart from each other. Alex and Ryan actually feel like different characters.+ There is a lot of Easter egg / nerd humor in there. If you play a lot of video games you'll probably catch a lot of them.+ 4 Player Local Co-op (rare for games these days, and greatly appreciated for house parties)+ Progressive leveling system (means we can't cheat with a long long code anymore, but it gives a sense of accomplishment of leveling each character)Cons-I couldn't set the UP DOWN LEFT RIGHT key on the x-box one control. So the movement are controlled by left thumb-stick. Which is a pain in the butt for double tapping, if you want to run and use some running attack moves. It only works half of the time for me.- Edit: They fix this with a patch 1.1.- Playing with other player on-line is very disorganized and luck based. Some guys just want to just grind in the same area over and over again while I'm looking for games that want to progress the story. Probably could add a comment like I'm hosting a grinding game.- Story plot progression is confusing if not a little random and on the weak side (didn't feel like the four characters were in a group), characters could have better dialog to express themselves more and interact with each other in hideouts. Just have them chill there and actually feel like you are part of the gang.- Game bugs when it comes to character selection and swapping them, but this can be fix in time. Double characters when you pick Alex and Ryan, some skins aren't swapping immediately, and only after you exit out of the status screen."
,Recommended,422810,30759250,Posted: 26 March,all,SF_Outdoor83,"It's what you'd expect.  It's a spiritual successor to River City Ransom so I'll compare it to that.The money elements in this game are less critical.  I remember grinding for cash forever in the other version.Learning skills and combos isn't exactly Mortal Kombat-esque depth yet, but there's definitely a per-character learning curve for the moves.  Practice is needed to get the right strategy down with the right player.  Some of the characters are really tough to play with, and it doesn't feel all that balanced yet.Plot line here is a derivative of the last plot line, but uses the same characters (aging them up appropriately).  That's hilarious and awesome.Speaking of which, the humor is leveled up in this version all-around, and this game is now somewhere between ""pretty funny"" and ""hilarious.""There were a lot of launch-day bugs but recent plays haven't had nearly as many issues.If you don't play this with a controller, you're the type of person who likes watching the world burn.  Don't be that guy.  Or girl.I don't know if it's worth the $20 it's listed at, but in a few months when it has a sale down to $9.99 or so, you should pick it up."
,Recommended,422810,30266403,Posted: 1 March,all,iNf4mOuS GODZ,I love the game. the only problem is that when you saved the game. some things don't get said like how I got up to 50$ while hosting. Saved the game and when I reopen my game I am back to 11.64$
76561198028436968,Recommended,422810,30249238,Posted: 28 February,all,Odenknight,"After Day 1 of playing this game, I feel like a kid again, only with more adult swagger to my step!  If you've played the original, it feels very familiar, but you feel like you're missing something... until you start to look at the moves list, and then go, ""A Ha!"".  I'm still diving into the depths of this game (and figuring out how to actually use my ""levels"", but so far, it's a blast!  I can't wait to try this on multiplayer w/ my family and friends!PC Users: I STRONGLY recommend getting a good controller and calibrating it properly BEFORE playing!  You'll need it!"
,Recommended,422810,30489775,Posted: 13 March,all,the_snash,IT S ABOUT 120MB TO CONTINUE THE GREAT MEMORY FROM CHILDHOOD WITH EPIC UPGRADE AND RESPECT THE ORIGINAL WORK. THANK YOU Conatus Creative Inc.
76561198264857770,Recommended,422810,31385769,Posted: 26 April,all,TGunn1000,HOT DAMN! I must say! It feels good to beat people up in the streets of river city. Nothing looks better then the money that you have amassed from the piles of bodies. All that lunch money!
76561198055075965,Recommended,422810,33069215,Posted: 30 June,all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"This is a very fun game that only gets better with friends.  Good music and graphics, with usually smooth fighting mechanics.  There is some tedious points and suspect quests but it is mostly straightforward.  There are also a few glitches, like running into invisible walls that should be addressed but these are rare and insignificant, and will not affect the experience at all."
76561198044952246,Not Recommended,422810,30253867,Posted: 28 February,all,Lumbermitsu,"There's things I like about this game but the A.I. is the most annoying thing in this game. enemies walk backwards as fast as you walk towards them, so you just walk them to the edge of the map and when you start to combo them you lose out on the money because they exit the screen. The other thing that really bothers me is the police. It would be fine if it were just based on your actions but if an enemy does any kind of leap attack or anything that does area damage, he will hit some innocent people then you have to run back to a safe are to get rid of the cops. I've tried to fight them but at my level it's not  sustainable. I'll probably keep playing because I do like a lot of things about this game, but the complaints I do have make it very aggravating for all the wrong reasons."
,Recommended,422810,30308446,Posted: 3 March,all,M_W,"A very fun beat-em-up that is extremely bad at teaching the player its systems. There is fun to be had here, but you'll have to spend some time online figuring things out."
,Recommended,422810,30674598,Posted: 22 March,all,jankybit,This game is wonderful. If games like this become more commonplace (especially RCR or Kunio-kun series stuff) I can seriously say I have died and gone to heaven.MORE PLEASE.The whole game is great but I have to pay particular compliments to the pixel artists who worked on this game. Your art and especially the animations were top-notch. That could not have been an easy or a quick job. VERY well done.
76561197976472756,Recommended,422810,30279099,Posted: 2 March,all,Bone Thug,"Don't believe the negative things people are saying about this game, it's made to be a true sequel to the originals. Most of the complaints are about the difficulty. I may sound old but In 2017 but back in my day we appreciated difficult games that make them work and develope their skills. We didn't whine about difficulty we just figured that ish out... just like resident evil or ghosts n ghouls. Which leads me to believe no one commenting negative even played the original game. I remember me and my friends for hours just trying to get to the next area every single time we got on, the fun is in the difficult fights and surviving. Also remember if you continuously fight without dying you get a lot of money just fight near shop if u need to upgrade simple. This game and dodgeball are both pretty unforgiving. Just remember your gonna die lolSo that being said if you loved the first game this game is definitely for you. I know I haven't played much because of for honor another simple yet difficult game about fights lol. But I played thru the first few quests and is just amazing so far. Bottom line if you loved the originals get this game!"
76561198052365533,Recommended,422810,30317248,Posted: 4 March,all,Odbarc,"A NES classic brought back from the past and updated with all the right things.If you don't like repetitive game play, this old-school gameplay might immediately make you want to rethink a purchase.Quite similar to Castle Crashers.Each character has their own move set and play differently from each other. You mostly buy/eat food for stats and healing and the rest of your money goes towards one time purchase of new moves if you've gained enough levels.It can be frustrating to learn how to perform your new moves because the in-game Move List is very indescrip about when you can perform that new move as many moves have the same description. But you can figure it out well enough with practice or button mashing.It gets far more interesting with online as each player increases the enemy spawn rate. But communication is difficult with one 'taunt' action to indicate how your feeling or what you want and when someone doesn't understand you need to chase a boss or run away from the cops, things slow down as you need to wait for everyone. (And if someone goes AFK, no one can progress until they return or you quit. Or they die and maybe end up AFK in the next screen.)There's plenty of reason and opportunity to grind but there's little reason to explore other than to find the trail to the objectives. At the very beginning when your stats are their lowest, you'll end up dying the most and that can be the most frustrating part of the game. But in the end you'll be powerful and it feels rewarding once you get there and learning the rhyme of your fighter and the opponents.Styalized NES-age pixelated graphics fits the nostalgia itch of anyone who liked the original River City Ransom.The Campaign is a little bit short if you rush through everything and only intend to beat it once.Some minor bugs, mostly irritating inconceniences like not being able to see my stats in multiplayer or the map not showing several times in a row.The one mission, however, the milk-run, everyone seems to hate. It's quite frustrating to complete (walk slowly, from one side of the map to the other without getting hit while carrying milk over your head). It takes patience to succeed and feels quite frustrating to fail and have to go all the way back to the beginning to try again multiple times.Bosses, at least one Story Mode difficulty, are quite easy to beat or I just grinded too much.It's a little annoying when your online allies constantly use 'knocks down your allies too' moves. I don't think it hurts you with friendly-fire OFF but it does make you rest on the ground too frequently as a result of their actions."
,Recommended,422810,30341213,Posted: 5 March,all,moJoe,"While it's true that there are a few bugs (including one that isn't allowing my Steam controller and my Logitech F710 to work at the same time,) this game is awesome. There are a ton of special moves for each character, the graphics are true to the spirit of the original, as is the sound. I imagine that this game will only get better over time, and I hope people continue to support it, so we continue to get a better game.If it gets polished up, this will be the best beat-em-up ever made."
,Recommended,422810,30269572,Posted: 1 March,all,Recurracy,"An incredibly satisfying experience if you're a big fan of side-scrolling beat-em-ups. The graphics look like they're straight from the original NES game, except with a more extended pallette, along with extremely satisfying extra frames that really give a punch to the face that extra oomph.Speaking of punches to the face having extra oomph... Every character in the game has very interesting moves and combinations that can totally destroy the once beautiful visage and perfectly greasy haircut of Elvis Chrysler. That is, if you're careful enough to avoid his easy to read but devastating knuckleduster suckerpunch.Since just going on a rampage by beating up enemies is so satisfying, you're guaranteed to get your money's worth just by beating lunch money out of some pathetic Star Wars fans. Sic em right in the face after 30 minutes straight, and you still won't be bored.In my opinion, this is definitely a GOTY contender. Not just because a 20-year old franchise has been touched up again and improved in basically every aspect, but simply because it's a great, amazing game by itself.There are some issues with the menu's, but time will tell if they will be patched. I sure hope so, but it's not exactly a game-breaking issue... Even if it forces you to close the game through task manager."
76561198040020865,Not Recommended,422810,30252676,Posted: 28 February,all,CoolBertolli,"It pains me to say this, but this game is incredibly fatuiging and legit obnoxious to play. When the developers were making this, they never stopped to think if making a retro classic game to a fine point was fun at all, because this combines the best but also the absolute goddamn worst aspects of old retro games.Grinding for money to slowly, slowly, slowly level up basic stats and BASIC COMBO MOVES just to do something other than mash buttons is arduous and tiring. Lack of autosave means you'll have to rush through areas to find a hideout when you just want to quit for the time being. The map system is beyond useless, offering almost no information about where anything is besides basic story points. NONE of the items you buy have any damn info, so you'll throw away hard earned money without knowing what the exact effects are for each. There's letting the player find out things for themselves, and then there's willfully obtuse game design that serves to waste your in-game money on random things. This is the latter.It sucks because the graphics and presentation are absolutely fantastic, and there's a lot to like about the potential of combat. But all that goes down the drain with how hard you have to do busywork just to reach some kind of strong point with a character. If that isn't enough, you're constantly harassed with a horrid police invasion system that throws non-cash dropping swat team guys at you if you accidentally hit a bystander or parking meter in the midst of the chaos.In time, maybe this game will get retuned so it's actually fun to play constantly. For now, there are just way too many incredibly annoying aspects to warrant recommending this."
,Not Recommended,422810,30250343,Posted: 28 February,all,theRoblem,"I really wanted to like this game and the core of it is in there, as many people have mentioned before me.Pros -Character VarietyAwesome Nostalgia-inducing Sound DesignSeemingly Large WorldThe intro of the gameCons -Way too grindy at the beginning and you feel incredibly weakThe GTA-like Cop nonsenseIt is very easy to die early on which makes it harder to save up to be strongerIt gave me an absolute headache with how frustrating it isComplete lack of directionAny time a pop-up happens to can and will accidentally skip it and there is no way to revisit that informationThe pause menu is ♥♥♥♥y and doesn't work correctly at LEAST half of the time.I'm a big fan of classic RCR and beat it many times in my life. This comes very close, but I cannot reccomend it in its current state. I may even refund it even at this price because the devs don't really deserve my money for this game. It may get better in the future, but I have serious doubts about that.Hold off on this one for know if you were on the fence."
,Not Recommended,422810,33282576,Posted: 5 July,all,plob218,"Disappointed so far with River City Ransom Underground. It's not at all like the NES original! It feels like they were trying to ""fix"" things that weren't broken by sticking on all these useless elements. Chase missions, experience/levels, hideouts, wanted levels, a world map, day/night cycles, etc. Instead of the beautiful simplicity of the original game, this feels like a mishmash of systems and mechanics that don't quite work. And astonishingly, they kept in place most of the original's quality of life problems like the clunky shop interface, inability to collect money from enemies who die just off-screen, etc. I'm just baffled. RCR is one of my all-time favorites. I wanted to love this game so much, but it's a major letdown."
,Recommended,422810,30312631,Posted: 4 March,all,advancedspuds,"If you were a fan of the original, this is a damn good game.  The controls seem tighter and slightly faster.It's an old school beat em up, so know what to expect.  As for people complaining about the ""grind"", do you remember the original game?  It's the same mechanics.  Buy food, buy training to get extra moves, etc.  It feels totally like how it should for being a RCR game.  The openness of the world seems metroid-like as shops are closed at different parts of the day.  Be careful doing bad deeds, as it can get cops after you.  Remember when you wanted to punch the NPCs in the original but couldn't?  Well, you can now, but you might find yourself in trouble.Controls feel super tight, I feel myself getting better the more I play.  The enemy AI is great, sure the enemies are generic beat em up targets, but it feels like they are a bit smarter than most, the bosses I've seen so far are quite fun.Graphics are perfect for the game, and capture a sense of the nostalgia quite well, while providing more variety and looks than the old NES could handle.This is the RCR you've been waiting for.EDIT: I hear other reviewers not liking the tutorial and/or explanations.  They are entirely sufficient.  Pause the game and you can see the moves.  It's not big thing that the moves aren't descriptive, that's part of the charm, finding out what they do.If I could change one thing about the game it would be that the moves list would detect if you had a controller plugged in and list the controller button instead of ""s"" etc.  The game is brand new, so hopefully the dev will address this in an update."
,Recommended,422810,30271875,Posted: 1 March,all,vonpixel,"Excellent brawler game. The combat is fun (even if its a little bugged right now) and that is good because you have to grind a lot in this game to get money and more levels. Buying stuff like comic books, food, pets all give you bonuses to your stats. The animation is great in this game and feels nice and tight with the controls.There are not very many brawlers anymore but this one really helps make up for that. Lots of stuff to explore, the co-op is lots of fun - but it's pretty buggy right  now. Menus act werid. Its better in local co-op.Excellent sequel to River City Ransom. But Id say fair warning: expect some bugs."
76561198010869100,Recommended,422810,30269799,Posted: 1 March,all,E_Leader,"This game is recommended for all beat em up players.Keep the sound/feel/playstyle of the old school game most people know as River City Ransom/EX and/or Double Dragon with alot of extra content.Pros:Lots of Characters to start with as well as UNLOCKABLESLots of combos and moves to learnLots of satisfiying back trackingFeel fluid with a controller,--after swaping my grab and punch key to make (P+K moves eaiser to use)Lost to exploreNo loading timesCosmeticsLots of food/store to ventureYou can eat books (Yes I said that you... just eat it... whole thing.... one bite... yeah....)Easy to do combos4 Player on one Machine/Local/Muliplayer with no noticable lagScales for mulitplayer--numbers can get overwhelming but still funAI isnt.... that dumbCons:Cant catch some people on multiplayerBosses are too easy, on Story difficultyStill got some bugs, mostly with the menu in multiplayer, have a hard time bringing up mapCant communicate with other--I understand how this is retro... but back then you would be with someone personally on internet you CANT communicate with random peopleCant kick people from online game--You got someone trollin'? Well they will stay there until you leavePeople do have hacked stats--Didnt like some guy with max stats ruining my game, couldnt kick him so i had to leave my own game and it wasnt even saved. Progress was lost.Cannot disable/enable learned moves--THIS was a feature in the orgional one, why this game doesnt have this feature?OVERALL good games.Beat up peopleTake there moneyEat booksRepeat"
76561198025821369,Recommended,422810,30269902,Posted: 1 March,all,houndofhell03,I have been waiting for a sequal to that game since RCR came out. This is so much more than that was but still the same. Great Job Crew!!!
,Recommended,422810,30271264,Posted: 1 March,all,Buttfang,"I went in pretty blind, only knowing that I liked the original.. my initial fellings were kind of negative based on initial dificulty spike and the complexity of the controls. They too a 2 button game and turned it into an 8 button game which is kind of bonkers. That said once you get used to the controls and get some moves you will start to beat enimies much more easily. This is not longer a masher type beatem up so be warned that you will have to have some exicution to pull off some of the cooler combos. Overall I think the systems are great but they really should have started you off with a few more moves as a level 1 character is super weak and it can be dificult to get money and get over to a dojo to get the basic moves you need to get by. So far so good."
76561197999795034,Recommended,422810,30272105,Posted: 1 March,all,Lumiversal,"When this game first came out, it's heart was in the right place, but there were too many problems surrounding it for me to give this game a positive score. But after some hard work by the devs, River City Ransom: Underground is now an amazing experience.Most of the major bugs have been fixed, the characters have been balanced out, and now it's a fast and fun old-school beat-em up that I cannot reccomend more. The developers clearly care about this game, and it's community. That's something you don't see often enough in the games industry.If you're a fan of old school arcade games, or if you just want to beat up some gang members until they barf out coins, then pick up River City Ransom: Underground."
76561198165480221,Recommended,422810,30271692,Posted: 1 March,all,pinkfloydinspace,"Best retro remake yet! Perhaps the best beat em up I have ever played as well. Just as I remember it only better. Much better. Looks, plays, feels, like the original and improves in every way possible.As one of my top 5 favorite 8 bit Nintendo games this is a huge surprise and more fun than I could have ever imagined or hoped for.The characters are awesome, the moves, the open world atmosphere, the shops, everything is perfect!While Axiom Verge and Shovel Knight surpass the 8 bit NES classics and improves on them so does this.  But this is something even a bit more special and sets a new standard in retro 8 bit gaming."
76561197970791168,Recommended,422810,30297575,Posted: 3 March,all,tutarsch23,"*Update since patch 4 happened*With this new patch the developers adressed some of the problems with the game itself. The biggest change happened to the Milk Mission, because the bottle now can take multiple hits. Characters have a more varied moveset at the start and various bugfixes were done.This is really good to see and makes the game MUCH more fun in the process. However I personally would prefer them to take out the dreadded milk quest completely. It is still my biggest complaint about a game, that compared to this single part plays well and doesnt limit you in the way you approach situations. It is easier now for me to recommend this game to oldschool gamers and beat em' up fans alike. Just be warned that you have to deliver the most rage inducing milk in gaming history. Milk...milk....milk...milk..."
76561198026660149,Recommended,422810,33073344,Posted: 1 July,all,neo_dragon66,"I almost didn't buy this game from the review I read here, and all i can say to the whiners about difficulty is to just git gud. me and my brother had no trouble smashing the early game and it was a blast, 11/10pros: if you liked the nes version you'll love thisearly game is tough if you try to kill every enemy, play smart run if you need to.game never once felt boring, even as we grinded for cash right outside the first shopping area.THE SUANAthe cats...cons: lack of directiontransition screens are not consistant and some areas are blocked off even though they look explorablethe enemies will sometimes stun lock you, don't mess with the tear gas police. they are the only game breaker i've come across.I have no idea what solo play is like but co-op was a blast"
,Recommended,422810,32971713,Posted: 28 June,all,[Redacted],"""BARF!!!""-ahem-I would be very proud to call this game RCR2. If you loved RCR, this is it's sequel in every way.If you sort of did, but got bored of it very fast, i'd still nudge you into getting it.If you didn't, don't get it. This is RCR once again... i suppose that's a bad thing in some ways."
,Recommended,422810,31741718,Posted: 14 May,all,Sentinel,Excellent game that pays respects to the classic!
76561197993459465,Recommended,422810,30776835,Posted: 27 March,all,LeroooyJenkins,As long as the team continues to add more and fix bugs quickly i have no complaints.Combos feel good and are fun to pull off.
,Recommended,422810,30788923,Posted: 28 March,all,Dstar01,"I've spent quite a bit of time on this game (since day 1) and while I initially thought it wasn't that good, I just could not get my hands off this game as it is so addictive.So let me start off by saying that this game has bugs. Some that are just too obvious like: some combos not working correctly, last boss glitch, and multiplayer saves (as of 3/20/17). While this got frustrating at times, it is nice to know that the devs are working on them and from day one until now, I am getting a much better experience and game.Positives:+ Graphics: Love the sprites and they are animated beautifully, especially when you do combos. It's like retro art in motion.+ Characters: The diversity in characters will have you playing this game for hours, as each character is different and fun to master. I wanted to main one character, but after 40 some hours, I ended up mastering all of them. This is what really sucked me into the game, as I love diversity in characters and moves.+ Sound: I love the music in this game and is reminescent of the 8-bit era of gaming with a more modern twist.+ Control: These controls are super tight and precise. Gotta give it to the devs for making a game that controls really well and is satisfying when you perform a combo. Highly recommend you use a xbox controller for this.+ Local Multiplayer: works like it should an dI love playing this game with my wife and friends.Negatives- Bugs: A handful and they are obvious at times. Just know that they are working on them and each update the game gets even better.- Difficulty: for those who have never played the original, this game is a major shock to them as it can be very difficult. I am a glutton for pain and therefore I have a tendency to level up a character to the max. If you put time into a character the game gets easier. If you don't it can be frustrating for newcomers.Neutral:~ The dreaded milk mission. This mission can be very difficult and frustrating for many. Once you get past it though, all the other missions are fun.There is definitely more positives than negatives with this game, and I highly recommend it for those who miss old-school fighting games like double dragon and the original river city ransom."
,Not Recommended,422810,30233773,Posted: 27 February,all,William Shakesman,An insane tranny tried to destroy this game using every litigious avenue available and failed. Just a pity the game still kinda sucks but hopefully after dealing with the tranny they can finally fix the issues.
,Recommended,422810,30501685,Posted: 13 March,all,Zebani,"One of the best arcade style side'scroll brawlers i have played on pc.Surely, the game had some flaws or still has now however it doesnt stop you playung it over and over.The main critisism for the game is that it doesnt save online data unless you are the host. But the devs are gonna solve it i m sure. Also other players say there tons of bugs but to be honest i havent experienced any of those except the final boss loop.However,The game offers a nice amount of challenge , which is my favorite aspect. Allows you to perform variety of combos with variety of characters. Great to play with friends. Awesome design and cute 8bit style.All in all, it s a must have.Edit: multiplyer problem has been solved"
76561197999029428,Recommended,422810,30255384,Posted: 28 February,all,Digital Bluez,"It's a welcome face lift to a familiar classic, combined with a unique cast of characters, each doling out pain with different and interesting fighting styles. Everything that made RCR great, such as the spas and food items that help buff stats to make you stronger, as well as classic lines like BARF! are present.Granted, there IS room for improvement, as there are several issues with the game that I came across. For example, getting lost in the thrill of button mashing kind of screws you over, as there will be times when a dialogue or hint box will pop up for a second, and you won't have the time to stop mashing away, as any button press will confirm that you've already read the hint or tutorial message, even if you so much as push the d-pad or thumbstick in any direction, when you've never even took the time to read it.Other than that, if you're a fan of beat-em-ups mixed with rpg elements, definitely give this game a go."
76561197964279208,Recommended,422810,30253905,Posted: 28 February,all,[H]oi_ReCoiL,So far so good 100% recomend this game i feel like its saturday morning and im at a friends house eating cereal and playing NES.
,Recommended,422810,30891999,Posted: 1 April,all,yurple1,"This review comes straight from the heart, ive played River City Ransom since it was released and still to this day through emulation, aas a kid this and smb3 were the 2 games i always and still play to this day, i would annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of friends and my brother with this game, i remember my note book filled with codes for this game (even if you exit and re enter the code screen it was different) i remember wanting this game after seeing it in Nintendo Power because the characters reminded me of super dodge ball another favorite of mine not even knowing it was part of the same series, this was a game me and my best bud of the time Carl spent an insane amount of hours playing, and River City Ransom was the only game ever my father was interested in and played with me as a child of course i had to enter the insanely long password with max stats but it was worth it, and even now i annoy my kids with that game, now we have a second game and i love how they made this a sequel to the us release and i approve of it its well animated fun and just as addictive of the original, some complain of hey the musics not the same but in with the new out with the old the new tunes are just as cachty and im not complaining, great game and can not recomend it enough, this game is obviously made by true fans and they deserve respect"
,Recommended,422810,31046284,Posted: 9 April,all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"Going to be one of my favorite games for a while. I would like to talk about all the things great in it, but I feel that is pretty obvious. The game is awesome, but I really wanna focus on what is wrong with it. It feels early access. A lot of the mechanics are really well refined, but there just seems to be some things missing and some testing not done. The sewers is kind of the most clear example, where the plane you have to jump in to change levels is the sewer pipe, and you can barely get into it. Also, you can fall behind the sewers for no apparent reason other than to have the enemies attack you where you can't see anything, it doesn't feel purposful, it feels untested. The fact that there is a chase mission there really isn't fun. I appreciated the challange of the chase missions, but those could have been a little more well done, although it was funny to see the AI's unable to make jumps for whatever reason and die or just have to walk all over to jump again. Another big problem that reflects the beta feel is the menus. The title screen starts with some kind of frame on it, so why the rest of the game doesnt have one IDK. There is a friendly fire option, which is awesome, but anyone can change it for everyone. So, there is plenty of little autistic foriegn children and fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bitter nerds who are going to troll by playing way too much. IDK how you could have unlocked every move for everyone since release... there's a lot to this game and I wouldn't even have the pure focus to do that. So, why the ♥♥♥♥ can anyone change it? Just make it the host. Also, there is apparently this rpg system in the background, and I can see it's affects slightly in damage numbers, but why can't we have a basic menu that tells me where and what my stamina and willpower and defense are doing. And power. I know we get tiny health and special indicators, but I just wish there was something more. Also, missions are confusing, and with out a walk through, I would have probably never figured out that this one fence on the end of a bridge was the one fence in the game I can climb over, unless by accident. Looking at the map, or reading what was said last does not clarify these things, and like hell if it helps you get where you do want to go. Some, just a little more, would be perfect for the game. Maybe location marking and giving me arrows, even that feels like much for this game. The game is very unique tho, and a lot of fun. A lot of the complaints I am sure that other players will argue but that's because they are obsessed with this strange nintendo next gen experience. Most of which never had, played, or heard of the old games. So, yeah, get the game, find people to play locally with, people who are tolertant of frustration but also recognize a good game. Or play online with friends."
76561198066997574,Recommended,422810,31154759,Posted: 15 April,all,Paulo Ban,"Played the game along with a friend.Loved the level-up, stats increase and buying new moves.Had a lot of fun so far.But there are quite a few bugs for the dev to iron out."
76561198045577243,Recommended,422810,30339223,Posted: 5 March,all,gosbong,"Waiting for the multiplayer patch. Cant save games with friends until its released.However, the game so far has been a fantastic followup to a much beloved game. Would recommend this to anyone that has ever played any beat em up. Powering up your charactert and learning the moves and combos as you go feels awesome. Its a bit tough at first but its a remake of a nes game that could be viewed as moderately difficult. This isnt a new age game where everyhing is spelled out for you as if you are a child. It requires exploring and playing around with combos. You have to be able to pick up on subtle changes to how a character punches or kicks when your purchase a new move at a dojo. You have to work that combo in and get used to it. This can be viewed as a bad thing but i feel that it adds to the immersion of the game and makes you feel connected to a character.All and all im glad this game is what it is and hope it grows in popularity."
76561198088675649,Recommended,422810,30273907,Posted: 1 March,all,cancelyourcable,"Love this game, feels just like the classic but better."
76561197981561221,Recommended,422810,30249338,Posted: 28 February,all,Golden Lords,"Just finished the story for the first time, what an amazing ride.Now to take a shot at the 9 other characters!"
,Recommended,422810,30267009,Posted: 1 March,all,Hutchew,Everything I've ever wanted and more.
,Not Recommended,422810,33135555,Posted: 2 July,all,Amor Fati 117,"Disappointing. I was looking forward to this game for a long time. The sprite work was done well, but it ended up feeling far too much like a grind. Once you get to the main part of the game, which lets you roam the city openly, you will slowly start to realize how necessary it is to grind your way to success. I may give it another shot sometime, but for now, I've given up on it."
,Recommended,422810,30306035,Posted: 3 March,all,ManHammer,Very satisfying brawler make sure you use a controller it makes the game
,Recommended,422810,30243017,Posted: 28 February,all,Hyperchaotic,Don't need to be represented. Remake of classic 8-bit beat'em'up about Kunio-Kun. Highly recommended for oldschool lovers.SCREW HATERS
,Recommended,422810,30636465,Posted: 20 March,all,crazyhogwon,English:I love it! Haha This game improves the old game with better animation. I LOVE the animations! :)It's an RPG so it does take a little bit of time before you can enjoy the game by doing combos and stuff. And.... it's kinda hard to earn money... other than that the game is a lot of fun :)한글:옛날 열혈 시리즈가 생각나는 재미있는 게임입니다 ㅎㅎㅎ 애니메이션은 현대화해서 정말 좋습니다 ㅎ 단점은 딱두개입니다. 초반 기술부족으로 렙업되어서 새로운 기술을 살때까지 시간이 조금 걸린다는것과 돈... 애들을 죽여야 돈이 나오는데 아끼면서 돈을 모으다가도 죽으면 바로 반으로 깎여서... 모으기 힘들어요 ^^;; 그 외엔 다 좋아요! ㅎㅎ 가끔 어떻게 해야 하나 할때도 있긴한데.. 이런저런 방법으로 시도해보면 어쩌다가 될때도 있더라고요 ㅎㅎ
76561197971657344,Recommended,422810,31575051,Posted: 6 May,all,99centfury,"Local multiplayer is currently not working like it was 2 weeks ago. Besides the nastolgic value this game has for me I am glad to be able to share the ecperience with my son, but we are having trouble playing together. Please fix this soon. 3 weeks later local coop was fixed this game is awsome"
76561197961437646,Not Recommended,422810,30866651,Posted: 31 March,all,EMC,"It brings the best of the beat em ups and the absolute worst of the NES into one title.I so badly wanted to recommend this game. It has so much potential and great ideas. I love brawling in the streets. I love how different gangs have different turfs. I love the goofy sauna animations and the dragon dojo. I love the GTA wanted system they added that makes no sense in when it's triggered. (You're in a town and enemies attack you, when you fight back if you even slightly touch property or an NPC you are flagged for wanted)Sadly, all the great parts of this game are buried under the most obtuse systems. Even worse, the ""questing"" in this game to complete side missions and main missions are absolutely atrocious. The direction you're given is so vague (just like the NES era) and the world map is so unhelpful that it makes you not want to play. Let me set up exactly how my first real mission went down.You are told to head to the River City Bridge to find someone connected to the villain. Fair enough, I check the World Map and it gives me two objective markers. I assume the two indicate that I have to search between those two spots. I fight my way across the bridge andddd.. nothing. Nothing happens. I clear the bridge of enemies, nothing happens. I walk through the town past the bridge trying to find a loop around beneath the bridge. Nothing happens. I go back to the other side of the bridge and clear it, trying to jump over things to find the path and NOTHING HAPPENS. I finally have to lookup a walkthrough (which at the time of writing this there are none in text), I find a YouTube video of someone literally doing exactly what I did. For 30 minutes they walked around aimlessly until by luck they jumped near a TINY FENCE at the end of the bridge and their character started to climb it. At no point is it ever indicated that you can do this. There is no previous mission where you have to climb a fence and you learn that you can do that. There is no indicator that it's anything more than a background prop. You are set up to fail and waste your time. Exactly what they used to do for NES games for you to call the tip hotline or to buy the strategy guide.Also, no items, shops, or upgrades have any descriptions so you are buying blindly every single time. You just bought a cat? Good luck figuring out what that does! It's unnecessarily complicated for no reason. We moved past these systems."
,Recommended,422810,30325917,Posted: 4 March,all,Gamerz-Zone,Classic and awesome
,Recommended,422810,30336843,Posted: 5 March,all,METALbrasier2X0,"Ok so when i imagined in my mind a perfect beat them up, thats basically what came out."
76561197991563167,Recommended,422810,30347591,Posted: 5 March,all,gatsuga,this game is amazing! a must buy!
,Recommended,422810,31322471,Posted: 23 April,all,Wolf619,Well This is my review so far as of about 4 hrs into the game. I really like this game! It's really well done. It still retains a lot of the look of the old river city games but also updates it with different fighting styles and characters.  There are things about this game that I think were added from other similar type games that were not originally in river city ransom so it kind of gives it a hybrid feel with like a double dragon type game for me at times. Which is AWESOME but old school fans who want it to be exactly like the original it is not!I am currently using the shoutaken guy and he has some moves very similar to Ryu from Street Fighter. I love his spin kick! anyway like I said he plays like ryu so it's not in the style of the original river city but I personally love it!They have done some updates I guess haven't really had any bugs that I've noticed!I'll try to update this review later if i rememeber!!
,Recommended,422810,30319855,Posted: 4 March,all,Dustrega,"If you have ever, EVER, loved the NES or RCR at all, you will love this game. Excellent production quality and true to the very fabric from which it is woven. Conatus should be proud. This new addition may be 20+ years past the original, but by GOD if it isn't the sequel we've all been waiting for! Welcome to the family RCR:U! Bravo, Conatus, BRAVO!ADDENDUM: For those that find the multiplayer buggy and are complaining that the game is full production and not early access, I have one thing to say: ""Patience. Not all things are fixed before ANY full release."""
,Recommended,422810,30239117,Posted: 28 February,all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"If you like the music in Snake Rattle 'N Roll..  you will LOVE this game.If you like T&C Surf Shop, you will LOVE this.If you want a remake of TOOBIN' well, then you're sh*t out of luck.This game has ABOBO in it for crying out loud.It's amazing how many references this game has.  It's almost on the same level as Retro City Rampage, just not as silly.  There's even a PORK soda machine.  I'm guessing that's a reference to the Primus album ""Pork Soda?""  LoLIn this game, there's some kind of g*ddamn dystopian riot starting at the highschool.I mean, you're forced to grab riot shields from SWAT members.  You can see angry traffic.  Seems like 50 people on the screen at once.  (I'm hopping around so I can see myself!)The multiplayer is laugh out loud hilarious at times.  The 'tink!' sound effect of hitting a guy in the head with a pipe and he runs away to the next screen!After you learn the map, it feels like they just take all of the best parts of Scott Pilgrim and just multiply.This game has Online Multiplayer.  That was the main downfall of Scott Pilgrim.Also, Scott Pilgrim had DLC characters and it was bullsh*t.  This game has a bunch of characters.  F*ck your DLC.  This game wins.And compared to that other horrible Sports RCR thing.  That was horrid.  (This is amazing compared to that.  And THAT is $20!  This costs less [even more of a reason to purchase this.]  with a major difference.)And for the guy that said, ""There's a breakdancer and she isn't white.  (yay)""WTF you mean?!  We can rename and change every single character's skin shade.There may or may not be some bugs in multiplayer.  I know of four.Sometimes I can't look at the map.Sometimes there is conflict on the border.  You run away then run foward to reappear online.Sometimes when people order food, you WAIT for them to go first.  Then it doesn't let you purchase.Sometimes I try to go into a doorway for refuge and it doesn't hide me.Only in online MP.And you may or may not understand this generation we come from.  We would've KILLED to play this game back in the 80's-90's.  You GD spoiled brats.  xD"
76561198295185902,Recommended,422810,30280288,Posted: 2 March,all,xxEKxx,ชอบมากคับ
,Recommended,422810,30303729,Posted: 3 March,all,{TGC}Fr33,Totally happy with this purchase so far been playing this every minute i get a free chance to play it and been worth it so far with all the cameos of old friends and foes that makes me happy this beat'em up is going down♥♥♥♥♥my all time favorite so far thanks for this and you owe  it to your self to try this game with a solo run or coop run 9/10 so for keep the updates and new content coming devs !!
,Recommended,422810,30310484,Posted: 4 March,all,Dark chocolate,Some annoying quests. Some bugs. But still a very good action-rpg game.
,Not Recommended,422810,30931645,Posted: 3 April,all,Randal,Unfinished
,Recommended,422810,30281188,Posted: 2 March,all,Clay Pigeon,"River City Ransom: Underground's primary goals were ambitious, and I had serious doubts as to whether they could be achieved. Could it expand and evolve River City without losing its spirit? Could it carry on the good-natured daftness of the original? Could it add complexity and nuance to the original's fighting system without sacrifing the overall feel? The answer is yes. Holy mackerel, yes....Which makes it all the more baffling that some of the more mundane elements of the game are kind of a wreck. It provides almost no direction as to your objectives. The moves list is indecipherable: many moves show the same button or sequence to activate, but there's no indication of the circumstances when each move will be used or even what the move looks like so you'll know when you perform it. The stun duration is frustrating. The lack of restaurants or other stat-boosting shops in Grotto Mall make the early game needlessly difficult. The easiest difficulty setting is about twice as hard as the original's default difficulty; I love the whole ""Nintendo hard"" vibe, but not giving an option for a slightly more manageable experience makes the game fairly unapproachable for even average players.I'm hoping future patches can help iron out these kinks, because they seem like pretty low-hanging fruit compared to the wonderfully realized big-ticket items. As it stands, I find myself growling in frustration about 5% of the time, and grinning in nostaligic elation the other 95%."
,Recommended,422810,30263732,Posted: 1 March,all,Mirai,"Normally, I wait to write a review until I've played the game more but with this game having just gone live and feedback mattering, I'm going to go ahead and leave a premature recommendation for it.So far it is *everything* I hoped it would be!The team has worked hard and delivered on their hype in my opinion.It was immediately fun and I have no doubt it will continue to be so.My arm actually hurt from mashing buttons and I still didn't want to stop playing!I haven't had any problems with bugs, or crashes. The game is running smoothly for me.It SEEMS a bit difficult at the start which there are some complaints about and I was getting beat down pretty badly but I just wasn't used to the controls yet. Once I redid the buttons and got comfortable with the layout, I was beating them down instead with no problems!If you've been waiting for this game to come out and you loved the original (both of those apply to me), then atleast in my eyes, this game is everything you're hoping for. Buy it and support them. They have had long, hard road and in spite of it all, they appear to have come out on top."
76561198105410426,Recommended,422810,31908321,Posted: 22 May,all,dashlaru,"There may be stages to how one approaches this game.  I'd never played the original River City Ransom, and I'm sorry I missed that one.  But I was always a huge fan of the old school beat em' ups like Double Dragon, Renegade, Bad Dudes, and the like.  So, upon seeing the trailers, I was jaw-to-the-floor-in-a-puddle-of-drool with desire to play this thing.When I got the game, and played my first round of the retro scenes, I was reminded quickly of how difficult these older games can be.  But once I got out of the flashback, into picking fighters and trying out their different styles, eventually beating up Abobo in the principles office and fighting off  riot police while trying to escape the high school when the plot thickened, I was struck by how much you can get out of a simple premise with some clever hidden paths.Now this game is hard at first, really hard!  It will test your reflexes, and have you micro managing every quarter you pick up from the floor after a hard won fight or a loose parking meter.  And there are lots of things to find in this game, fences to climb, and a city map that has very little to do with the actual lay out of the game (it's more metaphorical, pay attention to it's inconsistancies, and you might figure it out).But after dying so many times, reincarnating back at your hide out and figuring out how to dodge the cops, you start to get honed on the depth of control of the fights, even with the most basic of moves, on how to stay alive, manage your cash to get the next fight move at the dojo, or a burger just to stay alive, and you do that enough times and something awakens in you that you haven't felt since, well, back when...This is what classic gaming is all about.  And that's why River City Ransom: Underground is pure awesome in sack of kick♥♥♥♥♥  Now go buy this game, and get ready for some retro knuckle busting thumb thumping!"
76561198067210067,Recommended,422810,30332166,Posted: 5 March,all,allsin03,this game is very fun. brings back childhood memories
76561198035718532,Not Recommended,422810,32965083,Posted: 28 June,all,Harley,"This is so close to being good...Unfortunately, it's a little too close to the source material. This game fails to modernize any of the interface, which makes simple menus confusing and overcomplicated. The plethora of character stats aren't given any explanation, or even given names other than a three-letter abbreviation. I don't know what these stats do or why I should care, nor do I know which ones are increasing when I level up.The tutorial and menus reference moves and combos with buttons that say (P) for punch, (G) for grab, or (S) for special. There is no option to show the actual controller or keyboard buttons, which makes figuring out and remembering moves unnecessarily frustrating and complicated.The in-game HUD is just awful. Throughout the tutorial I was told to ""watch my stamina"" and keep track of my different bars, without any explanation of which color bar referred to which stats. There's three bars: green, blue, and red. I have no idea what any of them do. Not to mention, they're all different sizes and really unintuitively placed. Having a well designed HUD could possibly save this game outright, but it's confusing. a HUD should tell me everything I need to know from a quick glance in my periphrial vision, not be something that I stare at for half an hour and say ""I guess that one's my stamina... maybe?""Within the first 15 minutes of playing, I was given about ten moves without much explanation of how they work. The abundance of moves SO EARLY is very overwhelming, especially when using them is guesswork rather than actually being able to see how to execute them within your inventory.The whole UI is painful and unintuitive. It ruins the entire experience. Presentation wise the pixel art looks great, although in only 20 minutes I found a visual bug where the baseball bat you get at the beginning of the game floats near your hand rather than being held. That seems incredibly sloppy... I get it if there's tons of weapons in the game and a few animations bug out, but for the FIRST weapon in the game?All in all, the NES classic was much more accessible and well designed. I'm so sad to see that this sucks"
,Recommended,422810,30304271,Posted: 3 March,all,Grav,"I feel I need to write at least a quick review for this because the game is getting a lot on undeserved flak over difficulty and a few technical issues.Look. This is a game where you can grab a cop, pick him up, and throw him into another cop, and then proceed to breakdance under the second cop while he's airborne in order to juggle him across the screen. The game is comic beat-em-up cheesefest made of game mechanics. It's goofy, it's hammy, and it is at its core very much gamey.If you don't like this, there's plenty of Minecraft clones, iPhone games, and games about the struggle of transgender lesbians or... Whatever. This here isn't that. This is a loveletter to an NES classic, and beat-em-ups in general. It's going to require you to stick with it, and get good with it. It will reward you for doing so, both with more power, and practical application of skill.Yes, it's hard. It's supposed to be. This isn't a walking simulator, it's a beat-em-up. No, it's not *that* hard. The mechanics are mostly smooth and responsive. Enemy AI is counterable.Yes it's a bit slow to get started. This could use some work, but it's only a speed bump. The game has RPG elements, but it's not dicerolls and random chance. Get good and grind a bit, then proceed to breakdance through swarms of gangers and cops with impunity.The game has some stability issues, and yes this is a legitimate issue. They'll be fixed. At the very least, Arcsys is the publisher, and as of late they have a great track record on PC when it comes to this sort of thing."
76561198086364198,Recommended,422810,30288085,Posted: 2 March,all,Kurb,"The core game is fun. Combos feel a lot better compared to button mashing like you usually do, the animations are good for such compact sprites and the online multiplayer's nice. Thought the game is grindy at times, it's tedious to run around to areas, and losing half of your money can really be like a shot in the leg, Even with it's flaws I know they'll fix the problems and make it a much more solid experience"
76561198163454203,Recommended,422810,30294047,Posted: 3 March,all,monkeydbongo,.........................................................Thank you.
,Recommended,422810,30394590,Posted: 8 March,all,Sinnie,"River City Ransom Underground is a modern, enhanced version of cult classic: a breath of a fresh air for hardcore fans and friendly for newcomers. The original gameplay formula of open-world beat 'em-up with a touch of action RPG still works up to these days together with unique aesthetic.It is hard not to compare this project with Double Dragon IV since both have been released by Arc System Works at same period of time with support of Kishimoto. And while Kishimoto made Double Dragon IV same as the game from 30 years ago that didn't aged well, River City Ransom Underground is a well made fan project that you shouldn't consider as a canon.In my personal opinion, developers took too much liberty in terms of story, lore and character design. Nekketsu Monogatari is pretty much infamous for it's long story of localisation contoversies, and RCRU is not helping solving it. I understand that most of western fans used to Renegade and Crash 'n' The Boys, not Nekketsu Koha Kunio-kun, but I'd prefer the series to hold to it's origins.Otherwise it's pretty much the same game but bigger and better, refined and polished. Pixel art and music are really nice and authentic, small things and references here and there are setting up correct tone. Gameplay been diversified with several unique characters yet still require some degree of grinding. I've had hard time using the map and navigating and it took me a while to figure out how hideouts and character select system works."
76561198067646487,Not Recommended,422810,30254332,Posted: 28 February,all,SuperKamiGuru,"As it stands now, this game can't get a recommendation. There are too many problems.  If the problems are fixed, then I'd gladly recommend it.  I have a feeling that the critical problems will be fixed, otherwise it would mean that the project was a failure.River City Ransom: Underground (RCR:U) is a 2-D side scrolling beat 'em up that presents itself as a sequel to the Nintendo game River City Ransom.  RCR:U offers online play and single-player play, the beat 'em up features management of character stats and abilities that are purchased with money you earn.  Your character also has a level that acts as a ceiling and threshold for your stats and abilities, your level is determined by your experience points, earned by defeating enemies.  When you defeat an enemy, it also spews out its lunch money, often exclaiming the funny BARF! from River City Ransom.  RCR:U has a good mechanical core for a beat 'em up however needs certain problems addressed.Critical problems:- If you play multiplayer and use your single-player save slot, the single-player save slot data is wiped of all the progress you had made alone.  If you wish to return that same save slot with your single player campaign after playing online, all your progress (money, items, stats, experience) is gone.  Unfortunately the only solution to this now is to have two separate saves, however the threat of losing all your progress has severely dampened the online play.  Last time I tried to play online there were only 3 games hosting.- For the single player campaign that I completed, there were 2 crashes.  Both of which happened in the final stages, I won't mention specifics because it's spoiler free.  However it was frustrating to have a crash at the final boss.- Pursuit scenes may have bosses/enemies that move too quickly to catch.  These scenes are required to complete the story, it would be helpful if the speed of the bosses/enemies were consistent.  Many players appear to succeed at these missions when the boss/enemy pauses before a ladder or door due what appears to be glitches. That's how it finally worked for me.  Pursuit scenes need to be more stable.- After beating the final boss, you may not have 100% completion.  Now this doesn't sound bad on the surface, however after you beat the game you are stuck in a loop of watching the final cutscene and the credits.  You have no opportunity to complete the game to 100% and presumably unlock the new game+ option?   After beating the game without 100% completion it will also strangely recommends that you stay with the story level difficulty.  Either way, if completion matters to unlocking intended content, your original save should have been sufficient to complete your goal of 100%.Although they are critical problems, it appears that these problems are resolvable.  If they are resolved, then I'll change up the review to a recommendation."
,Not Recommended,422810,30282098,Posted: 2 March,all,Mjolnir27,"At this moment the game is a NO.I can deal with frustating missions or a bug or two, but seriously, the game has issues so obvious that make me think that the developers just didn't care at all and released the game without testing it. The move list its a joke and the multiplayer doesn't work properly.I hope for a patch that fixes this obvious mistakes."
,Not Recommended,422810,30244600,Posted: 28 February,all,Orange Wookie,"I grew up playing the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of RCR. I absolutely adore the franchise. Unfortunately it's hard to recommend right now ONLY because of the buggy state of the game.Don't get me wrong, I love the large cast of characters, leveling system, learning new moves, etc. The combat is tense and satasfying.However I'm only 1.5 hours in and already I've had multiple bugs which ruin the experience. The big issue is that when bugs occour you end up losing loads of playtime, and experience. THe first time I just purchased 3-4 new moves from a shop for abour $30. I died and recieved a ""Sorry were closed"" text looping over and over while my character just laid there and blinked. No way to respawn so I was forced to restaed the game. Lost my moves, lost 3-4 levels.Again after grinding about $50 worth to go shopping the game crashed on me. When I booted it up again I was back before I started grinding.Far too frustrating since now I'm afraid to stray too far from a ""hideout"" (save point) which kills exploration for me.If it were not for the rediculous time wasting bugs and crashes I would totally recommend it. If you're on the fence about this game I would recommend waiting for a patch. You'll just end up frustrated."
76561198169846663,Not Recommended,422810,33267389,Posted: 5 July,all,kidoyy,"TL; DRPros--Retro sprites-Fun old school beat em up gameplay-44 unlockable characters with cool move sets.Cons--Poor mission design-Extremely difficult/ punishing (Cops will come after you constantly and attack you)-Annoying gameplay choices (Innocent people will get in your way, you and your team mate will constantly be knocking each other down even if friendly fire is off, objective isn't always clear, and enemies will swarm you.- VERY UNBALANCED (My special move did less damage than a single punch.)Let me preface this by saying that I wanted this game to be fun, and that I did enjoy it at some parts, but the majority of my play time was spent annoyed, frustrated, angry, and disappointed. The game started out really fun, with a few hiccups here and then. Then the first chase mission happend. Then the second. Then the third. All of the chase missions were frustrating and extremely unenjoyable. You have to run after an enemy and hit them, while avoiding being hit by other enemies, and not running into a wall/ obstacle. Then after that, the milk delivery mission. You have to bring a glass of milk to a npc on the complete other side of the world and if you get hit while holding the milk, you'll break the glass and have to start over. But, I thought that I could over look the poor mission design, and enjoy the game play. But even that was challenging because enemies just swarm you and overwhelm you to the point of frustration. You will be fighting one enemy, and while your attack frames are active, a random enemy will come up from behind you and hit you. You could try to block, but blocking only works against attacks coming from in front of you. You could also try to turn and block, but that still leaves you open to the OTHER enemy behind you. Another poor gameplay design comes from the police. They look for any excuse to come after you. If you accidentally run into a parking meter, it will count as vandalism and they come after you. If you accidentally hit an innocent civilian, who blend in with the enemies and run at you because they want to make an insurance claim, the cops will come after you. They will also throw teargas at you that can literally stun lock you FOREVER. It's not an exaggeration. The time it takes for you to recover from teargas is plenty of enough time for them to throw another one at you. Then there's the friendly fire. I play this game with my brother and it's super irritating when you constantly knock your team mate on their butt. Sure you can turn friendly fire off, but you can't turn off knock down on your team mate. No matter what you do, if you hit an enemy into the air and they collide with an ally, your team mate will also fall to the ground. The biggest issue with this game imo is how unbalanced it is. I was playing Bruno and I thought that he was the worst character in the game, but it turns out he's actually decent. He's just bad compared to Glen, who my brother was playing. My ""special"" move essentially required me to do a four button input for a move that did as much damage as a single punch, whereas Glen's special move did four times as much damage as his punch. Most of the moves that you learn are TERRIBLE. They have long start up times, horrendous recovery times, and small hit boxes. Examples of these moves are Bruno's Poof Kick, and Glen's Dark Rainbow. Just look them up, they're actually more useless than their normals. You would think that moves that cost energy to use, require you to be a certain level to use, and require you to buy in order to unlock them, would be better than a normal punch or kick, but no. Using punches and kicks are generally more viable than trying to land a move with a miniscule hitbox. What really sets me off about the balancing is that throwing enemies won't deal damage to them. Not even the initial enemy that you throw takes any damage. There's a certain character, Mike, who relies on grapples (his fighting style is listed as Grappler). His special grab deals 0 damage. It actually is a useless move. You can increase Mike's throw stat all you want but it won't turn that 0 into a 1. I don't so much mind how grindy the game is. As long as a game is fun and addicting, then grinding becomes enjoyable. But this game is more irritating and frustrating than anything which is a massive shame because it looks great. I really hope that the devs take a look at the balancing of the game and change damage values to more reasonable numbers, because I love old school beat em ups like Final Fight."
,Not Recommended,422810,32474373,Posted: 16 June,all,ASAST_Comic,"This game is hopelessly broken, the core mechinics are fun and I'm sure the story would be fun if wasn't glitched to not progress. This game banks on nostalgia, so if you havent played RCR before this game might not be the game for you."
,Not Recommended,422810,30236624,Posted: 28 February,all,EndangeredMassa,"This game is great, but is realy buggy. I recommend waiting for a patch before digging into it. The menus can soft lock the game and co-op progress was completely lost after explicit saves by both players before quitting."
,Not Recommended,422810,30430335,Posted: 10 March,all,Mirai,"Love and care went into this but it's a total cluster♥♥♥♥. Do not recommend. Watch some dudes having a fun time on YouTube.Pros:-♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous animations-The new characters are bad♥♥♥♥♥-The returning characters are cool-Tons of fanservice-World design is amazing-Great easter eggs-Combat has a lot of fun juggle techCons:-Constantly getting hit by cheap shots, like the Luchadore dropkick or the Greaser divepunch from long range, both of which are too fast to react to-All types of enemies at once means you're getting peppered with Nerds throwing unblockable grenades and Luchadores throwing dropkicks-Very few attacks that allow room clear, adding to the problem-Painfully high hitstun means lots of lying on the floor waiting-Grab attack when whiffed takes forever to recover, and it's the button you use to pick up weapons. If you're not on the sprite correctly (there will be 5-10 enemies on screen at once) you'll open yourself to attack.-Dying means you lose half money, fighting is how you gain money, no way to recover without buying food. You will rarely get above $10 before dying and going back down.-Purchaseable upgrades are either things a character should already have (stomping downed enemies) or are prohibitively expensive.-Characters seem undertuned, with fast attacks having the same raw damage as heavy ones-Tutorials come up during gameplay and any button clears them, making them impossible to read-In-game conveyance is bad. Some characters have special moves, some don't. Buy ""Goal kick"" for Glenn and when you look on the menu under how to do it, it says, ""Goal kick."" What do levels do? Some abilities require money AND levels and neither is conveyed to you on the menu.-Non-combatant AI is programmed to get in your way so you hit them and the police show up, thus necessitating running and hiding.-Extremely repetitive because grinding is necessitated."
,Recommended,422810,30279382,Posted: 2 March,all,Trynnun,"First, I use an XboxOne Controller and recommend you use it to fully enjoy this game from the start!Now, for the review...I will simply say this. This was a crowd funded game and FOR GOOD REASON, because the old school gamers wanted an old school game that was EPIC! This is not a typical predefined game that just fits into one type of genre. So do not go in expecting it to play like something you have played before or something similar. This game is a direct sequel to the original NES game and was unique and original for it’s time. River City Ransom for the NES created waves and was the first game of it’s kind combining all of the elements that it did. “R.C.R. Underground” has done everything right in staying true to all the traditions and features of the original while expanding and creating a whole new dynamic fighting system based on the original game, and it’s GORGEOUS!THIS GAME pays perfect homage to the original and much more (another reason it had such massive success in reaching it’s crowd funded goals from regular people). It's an old school game made new with many expanded elements.Check out this Video, it's a great let's play:https://youtu.be/rZs9OQQ0cVs**NOTE:** There are some bugs at the moment, however, the developers have already addressed the community of the bugs and glitches, “and have announced patches.” These series of patches are expected to come through out this week and the next. In addition to announcing those patches, they also dropped a bombshell of awesomeness with the ability to mod the game in the coming future.... THAT'S HUGE that they would give the community the power to do this and so early on at that.IF YOU ARE NOT FAMILIAR WITH RIVER CITY RANSOM, BE PREPARED...This game is not like any other games. It has secrets. It has very hard to figure out story-pathing. It is as it should be. This game is NOT intended to reach the broadest target market, as such, some younger generational players don't like it because it’s too hard and uses A LOT of quirky old school logic (secret passages like doors and paths and such that blend perfectly in the back ground of the game… *priceless*). As the game progresses, the enemies difficulty increases exponentially and WILL overwhelm you and WILL punish your every mistake from skill to tactical errors just like old school games were best at! “However,” a great many do love this, and pride themselves on being good at it, like myself. This game is extremely challenging in both the enemies difficulty from AI, logic, toughness, tactics to the dynamic fighting system and how you have to chain combo’s together while at the same time play defensively and carefully, “ESPECIALLY” as you progress the game more-and-more.This game is not what you would typically expect just from looking at it if you have never heard of River City Ransom before- especially if you didn’t grow up playing the most challenging Nintendo Entertainment System games on the market. “Back in my day we didn’t have the internet to tell us how to do things, WE HAD TO FIGURE IT OUT!!!” And boy do they ever pay tribute to that in this game (though the internet will ruin that fun pretty quick *sad face*). They have expanded on so much and truly created an ""artistic video game master piece"" with how much they honor the original and stay true to just how original, the original was at being original!  : DThere are guides, and the community for this game is awesome. MANY old school players meeting new school ones, and all of them being able to show down in the arena and just having a blast either duking-it-out against each other or playing together in the co’op. ***THOUGH WE COULD SURE USE A KICK FEATURE! THAT COMES WITH SOME WARNINGS FIRST, LIKE A 3 STRIKE RULE FROM THE HOST***I also want to point out I normally don’t leave positive reviews on games, if it’s a good game but not perfect, I just don’t leave a review, but if it’s a bad game then I let state as such in as much detail as possible in my negative review so hopefully the developers will take note of it.There are only 3 developers I have ever truly blindly had faith in to do 100% right by their gaming communities, and I’m proud to say “Conatus Creative” is one of them. The other two are “Payload Studios” and “17-Bit” and this is because of how they listen to their communities but don’t fold to the pressures and deviate from the grand vision and design of what made their games great as they develop.In conclusion, this game “as a sequel” to the original River City Ransom is a masterpiece in it’s own right. Make no-mistake, this game is in-fact, “SEQUEL!” Many new elements and game aspects to enjoy and I personally can’t wait to see what mods introduce to this game as the community grows.Feel free to leave comments asking questions about the game if you are on the fence on whether or not you should buy it and need to be directed to any sources that may help you decide if this game is for you or not. I will try to respond within 12 hours of the comment."
76561198085011135,Recommended,422810,30245517,Posted: 28 February,all,Super Tramp,"I have to share this:My game crashed and I got an achievement called Cliffhanger.The achievement is not for crashing but I thought it was ironic none the less.________________________________________________________________________________Anyway, I'm enjoying this game so far and after the first couple bugs/glitches during the early stages (Camera pulls away during 'detention'/The Arcade has a invisible wall in front of the shooting gallery until boss fight), I haven't encountered any more yet.I'll share my experience after I've completed the story mode. Though I've never been one to review a game, I feel the sequel to one of my favorite childhood games deserves a little recognition on my part.Adios for now.________________________________________________________________________________Okay.. I guess now is as good a time as any to give my review.The game is fun, addictingly so in some ways. Multi-player is cool. Except if you don't know who you are going in with, you will probably never know because they don't share user names. I guess that is cool for some people but when you play through a huge part of the game with someone who knows what they are doing, you kinda wish you could partner up with them in the future. Going to the steam game log doesn't show you in case you are wondering. Multi-player saving was broken at one time but it has since been fixed.Bugs and bad game mechanics have certainly been an issue and even a very casual gamer like me (casual as in easy going) has been affected by them. There are the unattainable achievements, the invisible walls, the respawning in open 'pits', and other things but bugs aren't always a bad thing. Good bugs are present in this game as well. Like being able to take the arena only character roaster (of 44 characters or so) and use them in single player action. Most with their own unique move list, and one with a mech. So just because bugs are in this game doesn't mean it makes the game a far worse experience.The game took me about 20 hours to complete iirc. As you can see I've spent a few more hours on it. The story wasn't the greatest and while we could say that River City Ransom didn't have the most amazing story either, I was kinda expecting something more. With 4+ years in development I was hoping beyond hope. The interesting thing though, is that with different characters you can get different dialogs. Only minor changes most times but some are hilarious depending on your character choice. Most of the fights are interesting and pretty tough. Some were mere chase sequences and one mission will have you pulling out your hair.. well maybe not so much since a patched increased your chances of success.For those in love with the original, you've probably already bought the game. If not, some of the story might not appease those who enjoy the original material. What can I say; the games out and written in stone... deal with it.This whole review is already too long as far as I'm concerned. So I'll end it off here saying that while I am disappointed the game wasn't in it's complete form upon release and there are still unachievable achievements that should have been fixed by now. The game is a pleasure and when I'm not trying to hack the hell out of it to find either hidden secrets or missing gameplay, I enjoy playing with others and doing another runthrough of the story.Take care guys and gals! Hopefully if anyone reads this long-winded review, it will help them decide if this is the game for them."
76561197968822165,Recommended,422810,30261193,Posted: 1 March,all,Einherjer,"If you miss the old beat 'em up games you must buy it ""period"". I'm glad they launched it now. Despite the bugs complaints, the developers are already working hard to fix and patch it. It was launched during a holiday here, so I played it like the whole day, with joy and with a nostalgia feeling that I am expecting to feel since many games of the genre before ""River City Ramson: Underground"".The developers still have to implement some bugs on game, that I will not mention here- because we already have reviews talking about that, but It does not disturbs what matters: having a plenty o fun!!!So, I'm sure it will just get better than it already is. This game is what Double Dragon IV should have been, or looked like, a retro game implemented with an actual gameplay."
76561198038327113,Recommended,422810,30935157,Posted: 3 April,all,rocker17_98,I loved the original River City Randsom and played it all the time when I was younger.  This game definately does not dissapoint and is full of 80s nostalgia.  I highly recommend grabbing this one if you are an old skool gamer like me!
,Recommended,422810,30234016,Posted: 27 February,all,Mikeyspinkick,"No ""true"" controller support yetBut it's so damn good."
76561198098436943,Recommended,422810,30235660,Posted: 27 February,all,Arthedas,"Great game, just hope you don't like progression. I've been playing for a few hours now and everytime I leave a game or quit no matter how many times I save I lose my progress."
76561197983850432,Recommended,422810,30238826,Posted: 28 February,all,Typsy Danger,"Wow.  Wow wow wow, wow.  Wow wow wow wow w-wow?  WOW.  Wow: WOW!Just buy the damn game."
76561198068392282,Recommended,422810,30271033,Posted: 1 March,all,CUTTA,Yesssssss FINALLY !!!!I LOVE THIS GAME IT WAS WORTH THE 20+ YEAR WAIT
76561198081975692,Recommended,422810,30332368,Posted: 5 March,all,Abraxax,"interesting game, good flight, boss is easy to defeat."
76561197975470159,Recommended,422810,31068237,Posted: 10 April,all,Schwarz,Very fun game. The end part is extremely frustrating though. Better be ready to redo it over and over again. My wife was getting annoyed by my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of screaming.
76561197965980669,Recommended,422810,33297141,Posted: 5 July,all,Duder©,"Played story mode all the way through solo and while hosting a game via Steam. I found it to be a great throwback to the original. Plenty to keep it new, plenty to make it feel like a the devs really appreciated the NES classic.Use the guides from the community if you have issues, there are answers to everything. Only reason not to be able to proceed is due to laziness.No performance issues on the crappy old laptop on which I played the game."
,Recommended,422810,30271908,Posted: 1 March,all,Dan_Ramble,Absolutely the best. You'll die a bunch and still want to play.
76561198011916527,Not Recommended,422810,30938642,Posted: 4 April,all,LittleTimmyTwoCocks,"Clearly a game that had a lot of passion put into it, but most likely not enough time.The Bad: Many annoying and disruptive bugs, Repetative and uninteresting story progression after the first act, little details that make no sense in the second act, items that you need to buy to strengthen your character that give no description of the effects before you buy it and sometimes is only cosmetic, non-consistent gameplay that leads to many points of confusion and feeling of being lost, interactable foreground items looks exactly the same as many of the background items which causes problems when transversion and platforming.The Extremely Annoying: During the second act enemies begin reading your inputs and make many of your attacks pointless as they will ALWAYS avoid/block them, this leads to spammy and cheesy strategies being the only option to beating most enemies. Characters that are clearly better than others at dealing damage and not getting hit at the same time, the best example it the majority of Ryan's attacks compared to pretty much every other character.The Good: Art style that is extremely faithful to the original RCR on the Nes, but has clearly been improved immensely. Large variety of moves and different characters keeps the experience fresh if you don't mind grinding a bit to get each character up to par with your previous. A farily long story for a Beat em' up game, probably a bit too long for it's own good though. Nice soundtrack that is very fitting for the old school NES feel.I would really suggest against buying this game for $20, it becomes more frustrating than fun after the first 4-5 hours and becomes a long and agonizing grind to end. This game does deserve attention, but clearly needs more time to become a more polished and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,422810,33456124,Posted: 11 July,all,abbos_stink,"I never played any of the previous games, however i strongly reccomend getting this if you have a fight stick to play on. Recognises my Hori RAP V Kai but not my Madcatz te2+.I'd like to see some additional content be released and i'd also like to see some support for my Madcatz fight stick as i believe this game is far better with arcade controls. Button mapping in game is rubbish this also needs attention.all in all get this game when it goes on sale. The devs seem to still be working on it and ironing out some issues. No crashes so far and 12+hrs of enjoyment."
,Recommended,422810,33423375,Posted: 9 July,all,Krash2020,"Before I get into this review I just want to put this out there that I'm not a die hard RCR fan and I only played the first one enough to see what it was like but I didn't finish it.This game is pretty awesome so far. I do agree with the community that in order to get the functionality of the leveling up and where to progress you have to do a bit of homework online here and there for it does not walk you through it. The game is half beat em up half RPG which is not bad.  The game really brings me back to the nes days and the developers have done a great job keeping it true to its pixels. Love the characters. The story's pretty cool so far. I think the purchaseing for your moves can get pretty fustrating especaily if your grinding to get enough money to purchase a move and the trainer says ""your not high enough level to buy this move"". Doesn't tell you what level you need to be to get it.  I only recommend this if its on sale. The game is a bit too fustrating and complexed for what there asking for. but thats just me."
,Recommended,422810,33434262,Posted: 10 July,all,NoBlackThunder,cant say i did not feel nostalgia. If you like complicated fight games then this game is for you.Though 2 negatives.Controls are hard to figure out.And i am lost in the story mode on where to go. You better follow what has been said in the text.Beside that i would definitly recomment this game
,Recommended,422810,30243045,Posted: 28 February,all,Maniac Shogun,"It's everything I wanted out of a sequel 20+ years ago and then more. I have a soft spot for this particular art style from the early Nintendo era (Super Dodge Ball next please!). the additions of the combos, with the ability to juggle enemies in mid air with attacks and the super moves was on point and the updates to the character models still keep the game very true to its roots. the map and store shop designs are great and I had to get me a marv burger with a free smile ASAP. for a sequel I would give it a solid 9. Anyone whos looking to try out this genre buy this game its worth every silver coin the gangs you'll beat up drop."
76561198166110064,Not Recommended,422810,30273063,Posted: 1 March,all,Porkchopexpress,"Well...that didnt last long. In not much time at all I experienced a game that is not complete.Great idea. Wish this game supported controllers better. Input menu is works strangely. I could not beat the first person in the game because I could not block, punch, or kick. Only jump and movement seemed to work properly in game.This game was released with way too many errors. This should have never happened. I really want to like this game; I really hope those updates start flying in right away."
,Recommended,422810,30339309,Posted: 5 March,all,Siresly,"As a beat em up and as a spiritual sequel to RCR, it is highly adept. It's got ""the feel"" down, and the mobility of the character I chose (Provie) to level up, adds a dimension that RCR didn't really have. It's got a solid foundation.But other parts of the game are less sturdy.Some moves don't work or the moves list is useless at actually telling you how to pull moves off.The cops are almost exclusively an annoying drag, basically forcing you to run back to a safe house before you can get back to whatever you were doing.Leveling up characters takes too long. The pacing feels fine for a single character, but it discourages playing multiple characters, as it instantly feels like an oppressively unfun chore mountain when swapping to a new weak♥♥♥♥♥character with barely any moves who takes forever to barf coins out of people.*(But what broke the camel's back is that I stumbled into a gamebreaking bug where the story progress got halted. The World Map says to go to the repair shop, when I go there nothing happens. So I can't recommend this game in its current state. Going to try requesting a refund and perhaps rebuy the thing further down the line.)*Turns out it wasn't gamebreaking. The game was failing at telling me where to go, even telling me to go to the wrong place, but after looking up how things are supposed to happen, I could still go catch the lawyer guy under the bridge and make things progress from there.The game still has issues, but with it being flawed rather than proper broken, I've changed my thumbs down to one kind of diagonally upwards."
76561198035801412,Recommended,422810,30453784,Posted: 11 March,all,ZeroΩmega,The Plague's turf !
76561198304896372,Recommended,422810,30319085,Posted: 4 March,all,mike-lance,"I just want to preface with a sidenote that I am a long time nintendo fan.  Especially the Zelda series.  I have a strong emotional attachment to those games like many others.  As I'm sure everyone knows, a new entry was released yesterday and it is being hailed by many as the new high point in the series.  I've been playing it and I agree.And yet I'm still playing River City Ransom: Underground.  For me personally, that's saying something.  I could list the many flaws with the game, but I think others have that covered already.  In spite of those, I am absolutely addicted to this game.  It's all about the combat, and it's so damned satisfying!  The developers clearly put a lot of focus and effort into making the fighting system as fun as in depth as it coukd possibly be, and it's an astounding success.  It requires patience, however, as you do begin the game underpowered and a far cry away from pulling off the amazing combos you will be doing later in the game.Of course, while I did say the game is all about combat, it might not be entirely accurate.  Part of the game's weak points revolves around non combat missions, as others have explained.  Chasing Tex through the sewers can be particularly irritating.  But when it's all said and done and you're Acro Circusing your way into crowds and playing hacky sack with downed enemies, you know it's well worth it.  Not perfect, but hopefully with some balancing tweaks and bug fixes this game can become a true classic.  Of course I recommend it.A tip if you're having a hard time getting into this one.  Find Mao's restaurant early in the game.  As soon as you accumulate $5.55, go there and purchase / use edamame.  It will boost your defense by a bit.  Rinse and repeat a few times until you're able to comfortably save up $13.85 for the Octopus Roll to boost your strength.  Yes, it's a bit grindy, but that would only be a problem if, like I said, combat wasn't incredibly fun.  When you're getting more comfortable with these stats, then go to the dojo where Purple Bee is / was and then start learning new moves.  It becomes a lot of fun when you power yourself up a bit, so don't let the early game discourage you."
,Recommended,422810,30343516,Posted: 5 March,all,Blue,"Almost 30 years later, this game is a love letter to fans of the original River City Ransom on the NES. Story, sounds, artwork, and gameplay all feel very true to the source and, instead of trying to remake/remaster, Conatus took the foundation of a great game and creatively used it as the jumping off point for something truly special. Once some of the early bugs get ironed out, and the community starts creating mods, I could see this entry into the RCR universe having some serious longevity."
,Recommended,422810,30462304,Posted: 11 March,all,Hado4Real,"The game has it's flaws and it's share of tedious chasing quests (which can be read about in the negative Steam user reviews) but I'll be damned if it isn't the most fun I've had playing a ""Beat Em' Up"" game in a long time.When you start out playing your damage is weak and your starting base move set is limited, but after grinding out money and levels making purchases at the right NPCs will change that.That is when the games potential of combat fun opens up as you learn what attacks can chain into other attacks, while at the same time not severely punishing players who just want to button mash.It's important to note that it currently only supports Xbox controllers and keyboards, it's not clear if that will change."
76561198228610396,Recommended,422810,30402816,Posted: 8 March,all,Vsky,This is a great game if you love action. But I hope they can fix the online save issues because YOU CAN'T save your character on online mode.
76561198084512683,Recommended,422810,30392626,Posted: 8 March,all,H0meWrecker,"I really do ENJOY playing this game. It does take me back to my youth, when I first played it. Only thing I hate about this game, is that you can transfer the money from one toon, to the next. But in all, LOVE the game. They have really done a really good job!"
,Recommended,422810,30662502,Posted: 21 March,all,Static,"In all honesty, the game does have flaws at the moment. However, that's not an excuse to bash it. The colorful pixel art is like eye candy, and the animations are smooth as a cat's freshly groomed fur. For gameplay mechanics, this is what make or break most players' interest in the game. Most are able to adapt and figure out how combos and the AI play. While others hate the idea of being cornered and simply just cry and moan about how the AI backs away (Even though the devs have fixed this issue.) when they sense incoming danger. This game is for those who understand how RCR works. For those who are okay with putting a bit of practice, effort, and patience for something they want to see to fruition. For those who want everything given to them, play a game with a lower skill ceiling. All in all, I give this game an 8/10 at the moment. It's a fun game, that has a bit or replay ability, which I'm sure will be expanded upon in the future with the addition of mod support and other gifts from Conatus Creative. So please. Be patient. I recommend getting this game later, if not now. That way, you would be able to see what changes have been made. And one quick thing: Don't whine about platforming, please. There aren't many sections where platforming is necessary, and when it is, anyone who's played a Sonic or Mario game can easily get past these obstacles. Be smart about your choices and figure out if this type of game is something you'd enjoy before you buy it. Don't complain about something that wasn't meant for you in the first place."
,Not Recommended,422810,30325493,Posted: 4 March,all,Mani,"I hate to say this, but I just cannot recommend this game at this time.  The story is confusing and makes no sense - I get it , there's a rampage of all the gangs fighting to get the money to save the girl, but come on - Karnov breaking the wall in?  WTF?  And why did I randomly find Alex and Ryan's hideout?  Wtf?  And why are they attacking and killing me - and why, afte they murdered me with excessive sweet moves are they suddenly fighting with me, leading me through the streets of River CIty?  Where am I going?  This looks nothing liket he River City I grew up in..I want to be clear - this isn't a negative review.  This is a neutral review.  River City Ransom on the NES was my favorite game of all time - after playing this for an hour I realized that I'm just not ready to give it a proper chance.  I've refunded it, for now.  Be weary and please don't fall into the hype like I did - you will be very dissapointed if you take the plunge now.  However, if you insist, I'm sure you will get some enjoyment from this title, but there are going to be many of you that feel dissapointed (like me).  I really hope that the developers take this in the direction that it deserves - they definitely have the right idea, but there is a lot of work to do - bugs, balancing, dialog skipping issues, etc - I read it all, and I couldn't believe it - I purchased it anyway, and it took under an hour to realize that I should have listened to the skepticism.  I will return to River City, but now is not the time."
76561198148929170,Not Recommended,422810,30312807,Posted: 4 March,all,Mungfali,"Not recommended at the current state because of the broken online multiplayer.It's full of bugs.The major one being that when you are playing with a friend and he dies,you are seperated from him and both of the players get a bot to play with who is too dumb to understand the concept of entering another area.So that sucks and ruins the whole experience of the game.Single  player is good but that's not what i paid for.Fix this please."
76561198006574760,Recommended,422810,30640080,Posted: 20 March,all,Xephin,"I will start with the cons. A few of the chase quests are a bit tedious but bareable. There is this milk run quest that USED to be downright awful but the devs listened and made it way more doable.That said it's a great beatemup rpg it brings back all that river city nostalgia it's an absolute blast to play solo and even more so with friends.Did you see where I mentioned the devs making that one quest better. It's not the only quality they've improved since launch, they are listening and working hard to make this game excellent,I am changing my down vote to an up because I really believe in this game."
,Recommended,422810,30338741,Posted: 5 March,all,Meatballsub,"To say that I was hyped when I found out a small indie company was making a new game in the River City Ransom universe is a severe understatement. As a child, I played the original one religiously. Nostalgia aside, River City Ransom: Underground is an overall great title that stays true to its origins; though maybe just a little too much.The combat and animations are incredible, and it is easy to get spend hours making thugs barf up coins. Most abilities feel impactful, and it is very satisfying pulling off complex combos. The only downside is that, at the time of this review, some abilities don't work properly (or at all). On top of that, the ""move list"" is very archaic in design and is not very helpful at all. Some abilities may not work without first unlocking other ones, and there's no way to tell this in-game. An overhaul to the move list documentation would go a long way in keeping people from getting to frustrated.It is nice to see familiar faces from the original. Alex and Ryan are still as awesome as before, and seeing some of the bosses from the original 20 years later is a nice fan service. Chasing them down, however, is not a very fun or inspiring content. This could definitely have been handled better.The handful of actual boss battles are nice, however. Although I did not enjoy the design of the final boss battle, I can understand why they did it the way they did.The story isn't great, but neither was the original. The only thing I would have liked to see was more individual development from the playable characters. Perhaps this will patched in at a later date though.Shops are back with all of their charm and mystery. By mystery, I mean you have no idea what you're purchasing until after the fact. This is an example of the developer's staying true to the original when they should have chosen a more modern design.There are some various other bugs that the developers say they are fixing, such as multiplayer issues. There will likely always be bugs in a game these days, but I can't help but feel that many of these could have been ironed out before release (specifically the multiplayer saving issue).Regardless, RCR: Underground is a solid beat'em'up with RPG elements. If you are a fan of the original, this is a no-brainer purchase. If you aren't or have never played the NES version, be weary of what you are buying and what to expect."
76561198026864306,Recommended,422810,30307059,Posted: 3 March,all,Masked Chump,"If you liked the original game or just enjoy a good bralwer, this is worth your time.Just finished the main story as Glen in SP and I've played a few hours of 4 player.Bit of a rollercoaster with this game.The combat in this game starts pretty slow, but as you begin to unlock specials and better stats it really starts to shine when you get about 1/4 of the way through the game.  The middle 2/4 become a joy, only for the last 1/4 to sort of drop off again with really frustrating enemy behavior (..cowards).I was worried from the roginal campaign and from the trailers that this game would be a charicature of the original game that was too over the top.  Started playing and was pleasantly surprised.  There are certainly some things I don't agree with and it seems like they might misremembered the story of the original (surprising seeing as it is about 40 words) but it's pretty light-hearted and fun.. until it takes a weird turn.Despite being a mixed bag I'm 15 hours in and still having a good time and that's a good value in my book."
,Recommended,422810,30307716,Posted: 3 March,all,SeraphimDelta,Was waiting for this game for some time. Finally came out and i really enjoy they did the art style right. Hit boxes are good great multi player and local co-op. I know it just came out so I will not hassle on some of the bugs etc as even AAA games are buggy as crap on launch. even our beloved skyrim was not without flaws. I really think they did a great job and not only would - but have told my friends about it.
76561197994340412,Recommended,422810,30237013,Posted: 28 February,all,==BUFFALO TUSSLER==,"I have to say, the wait was worth it! Absolutely one of the best beat 'em ups i've played in a loooooong time! Is the genre dead not if Conatus creative has anything or the many talented people who worked on this game have to say about it!!! The art style the single and co op modes are beastly! This game has an off the fun factor! Kudos Kudos!!! Take my money TAKE IT !!!!"
76561198186693901,Recommended,422810,30382987,Posted: 7 March,all,day_geist,"As a HUGE fan of the original, I was first a bit put off because it doesn't play exactly like the original game (as some other entries from the original company do).  However, after playing it for a second day, I realized that it is a great game in it's own respect even with the tweaks - some of which mach the game more enjoyable than the original.  Solid storyline and good combo system.  There are much more than two buttons so a controller is recommended.  Four player co-op is a great bonus.  Kudos to the new development team for this fantastic revisioning of a classic game."
76561198075234627,Not Recommended,422810,30712099,Posted: 24 March,all,hateball,"This is another game I wish Steam would let me rate ""meh"" rather than Yes/No. It has its ups, but the incredibly poor state at release is inexcusable imo. On the upside, the most troubling bugs got fixed within 2 weeks or so. Why not just delay the release?In general gameplay is satisfying, graphics are decent and music is nice.But in the end, some of the design decisions don't feel ""old school"" to me, they just feel bad. We're not talking huge amounts of polish here that would have made this game enjoyable throughout, but sadly that's the state the game is in. Unpolished.I would never ever consider playing this solo. The more the merrier, despite the incredibly annoying knockdown mechanic. Yeah, that's probably my biggest annoyance, being knocked down for what feels like eternity over and over again because your co-op partner attacked an enemy."
76561198041975729,Not Recommended,422810,30343332,Posted: 5 March,all,Pocketslider,If you played river city ransom as a kid you know it was the best game of its genre that existed on the NES.  This falls short of coming close to being even as good as the original.   There are some decent features implemented into the game that were not in the original.  I'm not going to go into it because in its current state at its current price its unethical to even be for sale on steam. I refunded and  I cannot reccomend at this time.
76561198017063239,Recommended,422810,30305673,Posted: 3 March,all,SealfaceSexton,"It's a fun game, but if you don't enjoy a challenge then this game isn't for you. also yeah there are a few bugs but none that have really stopped me from enjoying this game."
76561198331083135,Recommended,422810,30300075,Posted: 3 March,all,diezel4eva,"I'm not sure if it was the anticipation or not, but there's a lot of people that don't like the game. To each his own, but I've thuroughly been enjoying the game thus far. If there is any gripes I might have, maybe the controls are a little funny to get used to when doing special moves or combos. Or probably adjusting to the environment jumping on and off of small or skinny objects. All in all, still not deal breakers. And since I only found out about this game about a little under a year ago I'm not that beat up about it living up to expectations. Not the FUNNEST game I've played so far this year, but as far as throwback remakes, I'd give it a solid 7 out of 10 . . . maybe an 8 once I get used to playing it ;)"
76561198054064279,Recommended,422810,30300720,Posted: 3 March,all,schimmerman,"The gameplay is solid and really takes me back to the original, but the bugs are really killing my thoughts at this point.  I know it's just been released but I've had more crashes than deaths and any grinding i've done until that point is wasted.  Please fix these and fast!  I'm excited to have a fully functioning product, but as is, it's difficult to progress through the game."
76561198109327828,Recommended,422810,30302330,Posted: 3 March,all,kooshkoff,I think this has surpassed the original in every possible aspect. I'm especially enjoying the story and the bosses. This is the best game I've played in years.
76561198070299032,Not Recommended,422810,30319240,Posted: 4 March,all,W1ne-Ton Hammer,"Yeah, ask for a refund as soon as possible. This game is tedious with the back&forth and many other issues. Some skills you unlock early are actually broken and OP which means that you only have to spam them to win as soon as you unlock them. For example, the whirlwind kick special.The original or GBA version of river city ransom was pretty-much straight forward, but they both had their issues on a few unlocked skills that actually made you become invisible with the ability to deal a lot of damage at the same time.This game actually has locked doors, a world map and more uneccessary stuff imo so it's even worse.I haven't put on too many time on it yet because i actually want a refund. After that, i'll just go play Scott Pilgrim since i haven't beat that game yet.It sure can be a good game to have in your steam collection, but i can't see myself playing a game as tedious as this one again. I know that some broken issues can be avoided if for one, i don't use any OP/easy skills just like i did back in the days, but those are just not the only issues at all and it's just overwhelming at this point."
76561198050461590,Recommended,422810,30255681,Posted: 28 February,all,Zealot 7,"Factoid shotgun blast to the FACE:This game is grindy, doesn't tell you where to go, or how to get there. It doesn't tell you what items do, or let you preview special moves before you buy them. The game is surprisingly tough, with enemies that will play the pack of wolves to your wounded moose. At the time of this review, there are also a handful of glitches that need to be addressed (though nothing that reached out and slapped the future controller from my hand).If you're still reading:Wonderful art in this game, combined with a great sense of humor. Experimenting and exploring is fun and rewarding (sorta rhymed?), and seeing your character come to life with amazing new moves as you progress is a joy. Lots of variety in the characters you can pick, with not only vastly different styles, but also functionalities--there's someone for everyone here (and you may just surprise yourself when it comes to your favorite. I picked Bruno, the Luchador, and I think he's great).As for the actual combat, controls are nice and snappy, allowing for long and creative combos that only evolve as you grow your character. I will say, as a criticism, that for a few of the moves you can purchase, the instructions for pulling them off are too vague; one move for Bruno is listed as ""J,P (after Jumping Drop Kick)."" I tried every iteration of that description that I can imagine, and I still can't seem to make anything happen. This will hopefully be addressed in time, and it isn't a bad enough problem, to me, to warrant a thumbs down (INCOMING OLD MAN COMMENT: Back in the day, we had vague move lists in our illustrious, opulent instruction manuals all the time!)Enemies in this game are as varied as the player characters, with different moves and A.I. that make you consider who's around you, when it's safe to attack, and what strategy you should use in a given moment. It's a game about being smart and controlling space, like any good beat-em-up aspires to be, instead of some brain-dead button masher.Music and sound? While I was hoping to hear more remixes of the original RCR's tunes, what is present and new seems good enough, though not as catchy or memorable as what was in the old NES game (of course, the nostalgia is strong with this one, so opinions may vary). Sound effects are very reminiscent of the NES era--no complaints.Here's what I'm gonna say:If you're the kind of person who is used to the game design foibles of yesteryear--being pushed out of the proverbial nest into a world that wants to kill you--mitigated by a tutorial that doesn't really do anything to help in the long run, then you're going to dismiss the negatives of this game with a wave of the hand before seeking and appreciating all the good there is to be found (and there is a LOT of good!). And, if you like a good grind like I do, then this is the most fun you'll have farming for goodies and leveling up.However, if you're the kind of person who wants instant gratification, thorough tutorials, move flow charts, a linear sense of progression, and you hate dying a lot in games, then you and I can never be friends.Overall, I give it a buy it/10."
76561198050222743,Not Recommended,422810,30303508,Posted: 3 March,all,Quixe,"Let me say first that I love this game, however I love it because I love River City Ransom. As it is it's already way better than River City Ransom: Tokyo Rumble  which  felt way too  expensive wfor  what it was  but with how  buggy the game is  and  the design flaws it has I can't recommend  it to anyone  other than fans  of RCR.For  design  flaws the first is  level limitations on moves.  That's very against level  limitations and there's nothing quiet as annoying as grinding  for up to  twenty minutes, making sure you  don't lose the money for that cool  sounding move  only to  be told, ""No no no. You can't have that until you  play the game more"" It's super restrictive and against what River City Ransom is. That's why even in Tokyo Rumble  the moves where  sold in different  shops or even  hidden ones you had to  explore to find to get the very best moves after grinding out the money.The second biggest flaw is leveling up itself. Leveling up in a game  should give your stats  a little boost, maybe refill  your health but in general make you  more powerful. In RCRU  all  leveling up  does is refill your life and give you the ability to raise your stats  higher which takes, you guessed it, more grinding  to  afford the  shop items that for some reason are the absolute only way to raise  your stats unlike in other  games  in the series where doing the things associated with those stats would slowly level them up over time with shop items being a way to  instantly give your stats a boost.The third goes into the multiplayer, not only is it bugy with the potential to mess your single player save file and doing weird things like make you start up your game as unlockable characters and NPCS,  but  experience is not shared. you can  totally fight an enemy and  have a friend jump in at the last minute to save you  if you get knocked over and gain all the experience for the fight. I won't complain about the  money though  since that's common to RCR games and you can easily share money by  just pausing to let a broke friend get it so they can afford some goodies later.And fourth is that some things are just flatout broken. For Example the character Provie The breakdancing/kick based character has a bug where her kickbased moves, outside of her combo chain, don't work  even  her starting jumpkick. IREPEAT THE KICK CHARACTER CANNOT KICK! This needs patching like yesterdayEdit:  Apparentl EVERY character that starts with a defaiult jumopkick doesn't work. Any other move will  work  including any learned jump  kicks. What a weird bug...I love the game but it has problems all  people  were expecting was a game that was an evolution in River City Ransom Advance, still the best RCR here in  the states, or a proper RCR take on  the awesome Scott Pilgrim versus  the  world game with a true open world but  this game seems like a step  back from  that, almost purposefully for the sake of being retro bringing the oldschool annoyances that come with it with some all new ones."
76561198083778069,Recommended,422810,30234241,Posted: 27 February,all,The Law,So far so good! Genuine feel yet refined and more fluid. Directional movements during fighting (moreso the shifting of directions mid combo) has greatly been improved upon since the original. Overall it is basically EXACTLY what you were hoping this would be and then some!
,Not Recommended,422810,33311988,Posted: 6 July,all,Art,"Fun game, shame I never know which way to go, it tells you where to go but not the direction among all the sewers, holes in wall and other ways that can get you lost!"
76561198334218101,Not Recommended,422810,30485462,Posted: 12 March,all,yang.qing,"So sorry to see that a game produced in 2017 is no match for its origin produced in 1989, in almost every aspect. The move and action of characters is powerless and dull; the enemies are repetitive and of the same pattern; the story telling is boring and the scene is chaos...At least, I've learnt two things from this game. First, game making techniques have changed dramatically during the last 30 years, but the essence of game play did not change at all. Second, devil is in the details for game makers.游戏素质远不如三十年前的热血物语，打击感差的要命，动作十分僵硬，敌人智商低下而且都是重复的。不明白这么多年发展的高科技都被用来干什么了，我也是日了狗竟然花钱买了这么个游戏"
,Not Recommended,422810,30255602,Posted: 28 February,all,Doktor Sleepless,"I wanted to like this game. There's a solid base here, but the huge number of unresolved gamebreaking bugs (menus not working, etc) makes me say wait until a fix comes around."
76561198006811318,Not Recommended,422810,30263235,Posted: 1 March,all,Gotrek,"Misleading tutorial and trailer.I am going to keep this short and sweet. All I read in the non recommended reviews are balancing and bug issues. And all I read was is that you start off weak and little to no moves. They were right.  During the tutorial you are the original characters and you have special moves. Grab techniques and so forth. It was fun. Then the game started...the Lucha did no grab moves, lousy kicks. The shoukatan or whatever its called just had punches that were effective. The boxer was the easiest to use for it was the most effective, with the best mechanics. Then I got Rudy the wrestler. The absolute worst one. So slow and sluggish and very weak. His stats remained 3. The start was kind of fun but then as it progressed the problems started. The stupid police, man hunting aspect. Cops wont stop or leave you alone until you go to a save spot. Save spots are quite tedious to back track towards. The lack of cash, things are pricey in the game and its annoying to just wander around fighting only to die at the end and lose half of what you got. Even when you are doing well the fun runs out quickly for it is just a button masher. You stick to what works in words of fighting moves. It's just lacking so much. The trailer shows off the characters pulling off these cool combos and moves, kicking so much♥♥♥♥♥but you dont get that, at least from what I seen.Sure, later in the game you might be able to do that but how far?The controls are pretty good and it looks and moves nice, but it doesnt save it. The game has meat its just too bad its mostly gristle. I have played a lot of the NES RCR and that felt like it had more to offer and a good progression flow. Stick to that game. This may just be a cash cow. I really wanted this to be good. Refunding. Maybe I will give it another chance in the future. Could be some patches and updates."
,Recommended,422810,30260534,Posted: 1 March,all,Flawed_Tactics,"Excellent Beat em up with great controls, great sound and an excellent roster of heroes. Some small bugs at launch but patches already incoming the day after."
,Recommended,422810,30233455,Posted: 27 February,all,MonsterLopes,"Awwww YEA! The wait is over! This game is awesome!If you're a fan of the original RVR or of beat'em ups in general, this game is for you!Multiplayer, levelling-up, punch and kick combo glory!-Different characters, each with their own unique attacks and styles-Many cameos from old favourites-Online co-op-Endless badguys to master your combos/crowd pleasers-BARF!"
,Recommended,422810,30232089,Posted: 27 February,all,FatFudgeFannyFingers,"--Early Game Review, will most likely be updated when i complete it--So far so good, it truly feels like a reboot from it's Previous NES game, enjoyable to play with a controller and the sounds make it really feel like youve travelled back to the 80s. It's a brilliant feeling.From the looks of it, there is a pretty big map to explore, all offering different things like the one before it, But ill need to play more to see how different each area is and what it offers."
,Recommended,422810,30288499,Posted: 2 March,all,unknowncity,"Short version: Very nearly a great game, but with some serious (though fixable) flaws.The original River City Ransom is, by far, my favorite NES game. In most respects, this game is a worthy modern follow up. The graphics are fantastic. The fighting system is mostly great, if a little confusing in terms of move sets. The basic gameplay is close enough to the orignal to scratch the nostalgia itch. I have some quibbles about some of the changes to the gameplay mechanics, but they're pretty minor. Overall, RCR:U goes a long way towards building on the existing RCR world.But there are a few problems. At least in the early part of the story, for instance, it's hard to know exactly what to do. I don't need my hand held, but I do need some general indication of where to go and what to do. Some elements are completely inintuitive, like having to jump over a random fence on the bridge -- not a mechanic that's hinted at, explained, or used again -- in one of the earliest missions. It's a reference to a similar spot in the original game, but without any visual clues as to what you need to do. Once you do figure it out, it's hard to imagine how this ever got past playtesting. Are the devs trolling us, or was this just some oversight?There are also chase missions that just don't work, such as going after Tex in the sewers. There's a ""Milk"" mission that is already becoming notorious for being arbitrarily hard, rather than challenging. No explanation is given in most cases, making it hard to tell if you're even still in the mission or not. RCR is fundamentally a beat-em-up game with open world, RPG, and other bits thrown in, and it should never be a mystery about HOW you are supposed to progress through the story.These are all relatively small issues, yet exceptionally frustrating in the moment. It's not a matter of being ""NES hard,"" it's a matter of game design and playtesting. I don't want to feel like I'm a playtester. I paid $16 for this thing, and I want to enjoy it without caveats.If these small issues could be fixed, this game would arguably be superior to the original. It has the potential to be. I could see this being a DLC machine, with plenty of stories and expansions worthy of a more of my money. But it's not there yet. As it stands, it's not worth $20, because it simply doesn't feel like it's ready to be called ""complete."" If the devs fix the outstanding gameplay issues -- and there really are only a handful of them that I've seen -- it could easily be called a masterpiece. As it is, it's more a promisingly good, but flawed, follow up to the original."
76561198079511287,Recommended,422810,34725342,Posted: 3 September,all,wargar,I LOVE IT SO FAR AND ABOBO IS IN IT
,Recommended,422810,30248759,Posted: 28 February,all,NewAge,"The game is 8-bit NES, just for PC they didn't make bad design flaws don't listen so someone who did't play River City Ransom the very 1st one and only played the 2nd one on NES the game is worth the $20 get it now for $16 and save the orther $4 I say this game has a good story line and is good. 1000 out of 10!"
76561197993275712,Not Recommended,422810,33215564,Posted: 3 July,all,angrytrex,"This game requires too much troubleshooting to make work.  If you plan on playing this game with your friends, and 2 of them live in the same house, expect significant problems.The gameplay itself isn't bad.  It's a good sequel to the original, although fair warning don't progress to act 3 unless you are really ready to beat the game and are done farming and leveling all of your characters.This game gets a bad review because:1)  The networking troubleshooting required to fix our 3some2)  The chase scenes are stupid and dont belong in RCR3)  Act 3 is pretty much garbage and also gets away from the RCR spirit.everything else is great."
,Not Recommended,422810,32439604,Posted: 15 June,all,Pacman's Gran Fury,"NES version was actually better. Or different. This one feels a lot more like a cross between Streets of Rage with Combat Tribes. It's interesting, but quite weird. If you want to truly feel what was River City Ramson, try the NES version on an emulator.Or the River City Sports Challenge. This one actually carries the original game sense of humor. This Underground version does not, sadly."
76561198012761224,Recommended,422810,33398889,Posted: 9 July,all,Doc Yagami,"This game keeps true to it's predecessor in nearly every way.  If you liked the original, it's a must have.  If you're completely new to the scene, and you enjoy side scrolling beat 'em ups that add RPG elements and character progress, you will most likely enjoy this game as well.  With stat progression, skill progression, and a very tight combat system that, if you so choose, can allow for some very creative and individual combos.  With over a dozen unique and selectable characters to progress, this game allows for a ton of replay value.  This game also boasts a fantastic retro era soundtrack, akin to the NES, as with the graphics.Now as with most RPG style games, there is grinding.  However, in my opinion, the progression of your skills and freedom of your combat style makes the grinding fun, as you feel yourself getting better and stronger as you go, and add to your arsenal new skills to create new combos with.  That being said however, some may find it TOO grindy.  It's certainly not for everyone, but I still recommend to at least give it a shot if you're if a small fan of beat 'em up style games, as this one has a ton of depth and really allows you to feel yourself getting better and stronger as you go."
76561198056038005,Not Recommended,422810,33322454,Posted: 6 July,all,Stoney Kid,They still haven't fixed some basic bugs that where promised to be fixed after launch.
,Not Recommended,422810,33231013,Posted: 4 July,all,BOOnes,character mechanics are ♥♥♥♥in A+ but the enemies are stupid and the missions and story mode feel really janky
76561198041141958,Recommended,422810,30534677,Posted: 15 March,all,Kregantis,"Ok so having played the game a fair bit now, i can safely say to ignore the vast majority of the bad reviews that im seeing. This game is fun, theres a good variation of combat styles. The cheap shots people keep talking about are basic anti spaming the same move things that games like these often have, which you know, prevent you from spamming the same moves and basically cheating with jump kick stuff or such crap. Ive yet to find any bugs, though apparently there was a patch recently and that may have removed a bunch. I tihnk a large part of alot of the complaints is people having nostalgia for the old games but comparing this to more mordern combat games and expecting it to magically be as fast paced and such as a campcom game or such. This is a game thats obviously gonna be enjoyed more with friends, and it has a lot of random events that happen at set times during the day night cycle which will have you wandering about looking for stuff. *Shrug* id give it an 8/10 ish, def worth a try if you like the old style games like its roots. Its not gonna break any records or set any standards, but its not trying to, so honestly stop giving a good game so much crap people sheesh."
,Not Recommended,422810,30465331,Posted: 12 March,all,MLithium,"Between the bugs, the chasing, and that damn milk mission (and it not being complete because I left the safehouse before the dialog ended) this game has sucked all the enthusiasm I had for this franchise."
,Not Recommended,422810,30485743,Posted: 12 March,all,dr.doomsday,Full of design flaws and bugs. The final boss can literally juggle you infinitely. A lot of characters are plain trash because the grapple mechanic is poorly thought out.Don't buy until more patches come.
76561198350804002,Not Recommended,422810,31051836,Posted: 9 April,all,El Erick,"This review is as a fan of the NES RCR, first of all I saw the trailer and was like OMFG its RCR with fighting styles????? woooooo so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, then started playing and first thing I notest, no more badass gang enemies just nerds that throw♥♥♥♥♥♥at you so.... powers??? where are the badass fist only fights?? so not cool, then jocks that make that ""hip thrust"" movement all the time.... the skull boys that fire birds or some♥♥♥♥♥♥... then the characters... no basic 3 hit combo just hit like a dumb♥♥♥♥ at the start of the game, then there are the ""old gang leaders"" that are more like ♥♥♥♥♥ running ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s so the only grown badass guys are alex and ryan???  then the aliens.....ALIENS...I dont wanna write anymore had a lot of hopes for this game for the name but sadly, this is just a good generic beat em up game but not live to the name of RCR"
,Not Recommended,422810,30343274,Posted: 5 March,all,Bombs,"The game is bugged, you can't even through the story without doing work arounds, DEVS won't answer a god damn post about those issues, no reply no nothing, I just felt ripped really, since it took forever to launch and then when it got launched, the game isn't finished completely really.Might recommend this game IF they correct the bugs in the ♥♥♥♥in game, until there, not recommended."
76561197993107386,Not Recommended,422810,30346333,Posted: 5 March,all,Sir Montgomery Mayfield,"So, I *really* want to post a good review for this game. Unfortunately, I really can't.To start with the good- the game's graphics and sound are extremely well done (assuming you like the retro NES deisgn at least), and the combat is genuinely fun to play.So, why am I leaving a negative review? Short version is I honestly feel the developers are being dishonest with their customers. RCR:U is being sold as a finished game, and it is absolutely not. This is clearly an Early Access beta passing itself off as a finsihed product. There are *massive* issues with baffling design decisions, game mechanics that aren't explained well, or sometimes at all, and one of the most absurdly unintuitive  user interfaces I have ever seen.There are non-hostile NPCs on many of the game screens, and hitting them summons literally endless swarms of riot police to kick the tar out of you. Unfortunately, there's no explanation of this, the NPCs you're punished for hitting aren't really visually distinct from the ones you *are* supposed to hit, the game screen is usually a confused mess of 12 people punching each other, and the non-hostile AI is stupid enough to wander into the middle of a fistfight. Once you inevatably accidentally summon the horde of riot police, your only way to get rid of them is to return to one of your safehouses (again, this is learned by trial and error, since the game never explains any of this), and restart your progress to... well, wherever you're trying to go, since the game never really bothers to explain what you're supposed to be doing, or why, and the map is utterly useless since it doesn't actually display where you're supposed to go (there's an icon in the legend for your next destination, but it never actually appeared on the map while I was playing).In short, this is a game with immense potential to be an awesome sequel to RCR if the developers actually finish it, but as it stands today (March 5 2017), don't buy this game, as they're selling an incomplete product and claiming they're selling a finished game."
76561198066378922,Recommended,422810,33357938,Posted: 7 July,all,Ragnar,The best being doxed by CNN and stalked and hunted at the the g20 by antifa simulator around.. Defend freedom of speech as 10 unique characters.  Would be called a nazi and defend myself while pretending to be Based Stickman again.  10/10
76561198093062876,Recommended,422810,30233460,Posted: 27 February,all,Mandril,So far I have only played the first few levels.Holy @#! this is just as good as the old nes version...yeah am that old.Game plays silkie smooth with a steam controller very responsive.Am going to be busy playing for a few weeks :)Running on Arch Linuxhttps://youtu.be/iAS_CU7reV8
,Not Recommended,422810,30542314,Posted: 16 March,all,Bilicat,因为热血系列是我的童年，所以我买了这款游戏。我满怀期待打开这个游戏，但是却令我失望。这个游戏对新手很不友好，难度设置非常不合理，战斗场面太乱，敌人伤害太高，可以说是无双的场面，黑魂的难度。经济收入太低，有时候没血了，直接死一次都比去商店买吃的回血划算。剧情方面，不搜攻略，基本无法推进游戏流程。还有很多令人抓狂的地方，你们可以自己去体验一下。玩游戏都是为了开心，但是我玩这个游戏一点都开心不起来。
76561197960676723,Recommended,422810,30345951,Posted: 5 March,all,Why?,"This game is fantastic! Great job, it was totally worth the wait!"
76561198117231018,Recommended,422810,30369815,Posted: 7 March,all,dollmanc,"This game is like the first dark souls game. Satisfying combat and enemies to fight. With a large open world and secrets tucked away here and there. But it also suffers from lack of modern game design mechanics which can make the experience frustrating to certain player demographics. But I have a feeling that this game was purposely designed to lack modern game design choices. I was born in 1990. That’s when the original came out. And with the games ultimate feel and game mechanics, I think I can safely speculate that this is how games felt like at my birth. It is a true throwback game with prettier 16 bit art and a lot of extra content chucked in for good measure.Funny thing is that the combat missions are fair and fun. However, your most challenging obstacles will be non-combat missions. Chasseing bad guys down and fetch quest, along with trying to find the mission starting point or objective will leave many players frustrated. Best to play the game with someone who has already beaten it or just look for a walkthrough when/if you get lost. In addition, be prepared for some grinding if you want to toughen your fighters up. I recommend to stick with 1-2 characters during a play through. Mine were Paul & Mike.Ultimately I am proud to put this game in my top 10 retro games list. The game is humorous, pretty and full of satisfying combat. Despite the frustrating points, I feel more then capable to dive right back in to the game and kick its butt. It's not made for everyone. But I sure love it. I give this game an 8/10."
76561198025625270,Recommended,422810,30313174,Posted: 4 March,all,xterminal86,"Never had a chance to play original River City Ransom games.There was an issue with key bindings at first, but it seems to be fixed by now.Nice beat 'em up with elements of humor."
,Recommended,422810,30313750,Posted: 4 March,all,CTRL+FU,"I had no idea this even existed, but I bought this because I used to rent the original on the NES when I was a kid and loved it. Also had it for the PC Engine/Turboduo (the best version, IMO)Anyway, I haven't played long yet, but so far I'm liking it. Hope you get to play as Alex and Ryan again, though. I don't care for the ""new"" characters. Aesthetically it's for the most part like the original. It's ""not"" the original though. Even in my short playtime I can see that. Not bad, per say, just a bit different. I'm looking forward to getting further to see what else it has in store.I'd say if you're a Kunio fan, pick it up. If you're not but you like silly beat 'em ups, maybe pick it up as well.I'll update the review after I've played more."
,Recommended,422810,30366076,Posted: 6 March,all,Frequent Disconnections,"It has that classic look and feel of the original RCR. It has some issues, mostly with the multiplayer regarding levels of the non host players or non player 1 players for local coop. But seeing that this gets a patch very frequent after release, I can say this is just a few patches away from a very good game than it currently is."
76561198048796045,Not Recommended,422810,30452107,Posted: 11 March,all,QuidProQuoBro,"Well the game is okay. You will have trouble playing it though. The first screen (after the opening developers logos) tells you to a controller is strongly recommended. You go ahead and follow this advice, but the game proceeds to give ALL instructions in keyboard letters. This makes the tutorial very hard to follow and trying to read the move list an exercise that really shouldn't be needed. Even getting past this hurdle, the controls are a bit janky. The developer updates the game every few days and this review reflects after patch#3. Hopefully more issues are resolved and I will re purchase this game if necessary."
,Recommended,422810,30273450,Posted: 1 March,all,waywardkill,"If you enjoyed the original River City Ransom in all of its vague and frustrating fun, you'll probably dig this. It adds multiple characters with different move sets and a lot more to do. One protip to prevent frustration - play with a friend or 3, but if that isn't an option you should use the grab button to sit the bottle of milk down  then clear the area away from the milk. just move away from it! ... That milk mission is probably the worst thing in the game. Everything else is mostly amazing to kind of good."
76561198002450835,Recommended,422810,30516446,Posted: 14 March,all,Nutlaw,"Pretty solid game all around. It's clear that much more effort went into this remake than their half-hearted Double Dragon 4. Interesting old school graphics. A very large variety of characters and moves, which keeps things fresh. Lots of content included and the save system is nice. Dying sets you back some time, but you maintain most of your progress. Funny easter egg inclusions of other indie game characters.The game is rather grindy at times, however, and much like DD4, can be annoying when it decides that it wants to be a platformer. It definitely does not control well enough to be a good platformer. Also as in their DD4 attempt, they didn't bother to program in controller support, which is disappointing. Keyboard controls work fine, but I wanted to play two player locally and couldn't really do that without the controller.On the whole, it's an inventive game with a unique blend of styles. Worth checking out."
76561198021749967,Not Recommended,422810,30328668,Posted: 4 March,all,Jazz,"This game is incredibly broken.  It's very fun to play, no doubt, and the teamplay is excellent.  But don't let anyone convince you otherwise, there are a TON of problems with this release.  As follows:- SAVE FEATURE IS BROKEN IN MULTIPLAYER.  Not sure what the issue is, but 50/50 shot whether your progress will be kept or not.  It's EXTREMELY frustrating to co-op for an hour and find nothing you did was saved.  Huge issue for multiplayer enjoyment.- Friendly fire doesn't work.  Yes, it says you can turn it off.  Except weapons, special moves, and even some knockdowns will still knock your teammates to the ground.  Now, this may not do damage, but it's annoying, disrupts teamplay, and leaves you open to ""down"" attacks from enemies.- Menu features are an absolute joke.  They barely work, the UI is completely unintuitive, and character progression is mystifying.  In multiplayer, the map barely functions, and character swapping is an absolute joke.- Can't have more than one player shop at a time during multiplayer.  Archaic, poorly thought out, and frustrating.- Stat upgrades/changes and special move upgrade are NOT clearly explained or labelled.  Must be fixed.Again, this game has immense promise.  For 20 bills it's a solid buy for the single player but as soon as you start adding players it all falls apart.  If the devs put in the time to fix at least 50% of the extreme issues, it could be a great game.  Until then, pass on this and keep an eye on the updates."
76561198063502214,Recommended,422810,30300867,Posted: 3 March,all,Grimace14,"Don't believe negative reviews saying gameplay is buggy (I've hit none), too difficult, frustrating enemies, ""no combos"" etc. Steam has some of the worst haters, all of whom I'm sure would rather play Dota or Counter Strike. This is RCR and it plays very much like the old days, plus 4 player co op and LOTS more moves. I think it is actually a step up from the fantastic GBA re-release where you could teleport and could get telepathic powers. Can't wait to drill through this with friends.My only gripe is having too many buttons. I NEVER would have thought shoulder buttons were necessary for this game and I'd actually prefer pressing kick and punch to jump, but maybe that's just me. I do like the block button and the ability to ""punch through"" while blocking though. Really changes the gameplay for me.If you've played RCR and enjoyed it, definitely look into this one, even at full price. If not, but you enjoy a great brawler with RPG elements (think Castle Crashers or Scott Pilgrim), this one's definitely for you too. Otherwise, I'd suggest you look into something overhyped and has seasonal dlc."
76561197960940680,Recommended,422810,30277361,Posted: 2 March,all,Krok,"Overall, this is a really fun game to play, even with the current bugs/issues.  What it does really well:-Really fun combat mechanics and tight controls-Great overall visuals-Sound track is fantastic-All the characters play differently and you can switch them up when you feel like it-I personally don't find the money/level grind that bad for most characters once you get the hang of combat and using safe houses-I think its a great follow up to the original RCR that I love!-Looks of charm in this one :)Issues I have:-I think the Dojo's should show you what level you need to purchase a special skill-The level up indicator seems to be bugged so I am never quite sure how much longer until I will level up-As others have pointed out, mis-labeled moves or moves that dont work.  They really need to focus on this as a big priority to make things clearer to players.Issues aside, there is a really fun beat em up with level up mechanics, diverse characters and awesome local multiplayer (cannot speak to the online experience).  I wholeheartedly recommend knowing that the devs will continue to work on ironing out the issues moving forward."
,Recommended,422810,30233747,Posted: 27 February,all,Devin Vertigo,"Feels right. Feels Right... Feels... Right. Plus I can skin Paul to a Roided Little Mac from the Wii Punch Out Release, whcih means I can mix and match my two favorite games of my childhood into one. The game just plays right, the wait was worth it, and I find myself bailing after dying over and over when I just mindlessly fight my way toward the next screen... like my childhood. 10/10 will punch again."
76561198164789503,Recommended,422810,30274933,Posted: 2 March,all,eiQ,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAY2jUCRjZkLast Boss end. u guys  will see it ez. but i must try untill got this trick
76561197996984967,Recommended,422810,31642102,Posted: 9 May,all,hefe,"Glorious Tecnos joy in modern packaging.  I told myself I'd wait for a sale, paid retail and have not been disappointed.The gameplay is sharp, the controls are tight, and the enemies are a lot sharper than before -- a solid sequel that only took 20 years to make.  Go grab some friends and get ready to kick some pixel!"
76561198066955533,Recommended,422810,31674458,Posted: 10 May,all,Turgar,"In many ways, a faithful successor to the original. Quirky, funny and curiously styled. Online co-op was easy and generally stable -- a huge plus for this kind of game in my book.It has a few flaws, partly because of the mold and partly design and polish. Overall, though, I enjoyed it and would recommend it to fans of the original."
76561198097663874,Recommended,422810,30484968,Posted: 12 March,all,Dale Bawlz,Basically River City Ransom if they had made a SNES version.  In a very good way.
,Recommended,422810,30483261,Posted: 12 March,all,Volpe,"The core combat is very, very good, but everything else besides that needs a lot of work. The fact that you have to both level up and buy items to increase stats seems kind of pointless, and like it was added only as a way to differentiate it from the original. Some moves just straight up don't have sounds, like Paul's down special move. It's obvious that most of the time in development was spent on the animations and combat in general. If you liked the original, you'll probably like this one"
76561198001522693,Recommended,422810,30480651,Posted: 12 March,all,AmazingSandwich,"What a well done game, I played the original not many years back and this is very faithful to it. Add more characters and a large map to explore with some additions that fit in very well. If you havn't played the original some pieces may seem confusing like the ambiguity of quests, but this is purposeful as per the original game, just be prepared."
,Recommended,422810,30329227,Posted: 4 March,all,BE-STRONG,재밌는데... 난이도가 너무 높아서 하다 지침..... 어느순간 의무감으로 게임하는 자신을 발견하게 됨.... 우유 배달 미션중에 때려침.. 이걸 사람이 하라고 만든건가 싶음...
,Recommended,422810,30315988,Posted: 4 March,all,JD Rockefeller,"While there are some bugs (None Fatal), I've generally very much enjoyed this game's gameplay and style. The more moves you learn, the more fluid and fun the combat gets. Its fun to explore the city and look for hidden characters and areas. While the move list is also bugged in some places, it was actually more fun to discover how to do the moves myself after getting them."
,Recommended,422810,30399910,Posted: 8 March,all,평온 🚀 Ohshii,"After twenty plus years of waiting this is what we get. Yes it has bugs, all games do. The devs are dope they are working on them. The overall game plays really well, I've only encountered a very few bugs and none of them were game-breaking.Overall I give this game a 8.5/10. Worth the wait imo. <3Good job Conatus <3"
76561198016751051,Recommended,422810,30327126,Posted: 4 March,all,Clof Dawg,Rating:★★★✰✰ (3/5)
76561198002150760,Recommended,422810,30346829,Posted: 5 March,all,Neo,"At the time of writing this Im only 2.5 hours in as I'm playing local co-op with a friend as the way the game should be played, it's just like playing the original back in the day. And thats the thing, this game is old-school, it's hard, unforgiving at times, doesn't hold your hand. Thats part of the charm. The devs seem to be pretty active on the bug fixes and at this point I've only actually seen two bug, neither of which was game breaking.Look, just get the game, grab a friend or 3, throw this up on the big screen and party like its 1989 again."
76561198082438785,Recommended,422810,30271941,Posted: 1 March,all,kennoley,Best Beat-Em-Up Ever Made
76561198347632867,Recommended,422810,31193517,Posted: 16 April,all,gabe1260,"I Highly… highly recommend this game. This is one of the most Fun and addictive games I have played in a long while. It’s not often a game comes along that makes you feel good and excited to play it when you get home. This is one of those labor of love games.  Before I get started I do recommend using a gamepad. Trust me it’s worth it.The game is not just an homage to the original but adds a new layer of depth a detail to the original without fixing what isn’t broke as so many sequels do. The Gameplay, Graphic style and original characters are all kept intact for the sake of the story as well.  The Tutorial is even a playthrough of the last stage of the original game setting up the events of this game for those who weren’t born in the 80’s. The heroes, villains and gameplay is all explained seamlessly all while punching your way to the top like a badass in less than 10 minutes of the game. Genius.The Gameplay is insanely satisfying.  Nothing feels so gratifying as playing Paul the Boxer, setting up an epic string of right hooks, jabs and Overhand rights then slamming your opponent’s crashing into 5 other guys like he just got hit by Vegeta.  Rudy in my opinion is this games Magilkarp who later turns into a Roid-Raging Gyarados (Pokemon fans know what I’m talking about) with his earthshaking attacks. And if sports aren’t your thing you can just go Glen take on the entire city Ryu-style.  Provie is my personal favorite cause who doesn’t think Capoeira is cool in any media. Each character has a style and martial art all their own just like Overwatch but without Bastion (thank god) that only gets better the more skills you learn.The Graphics are perfect just as they are.  The decision to keep this game in “8bit/Old school” style graphics and not turn it into some cheap 3D remake was just as brilliant a decision to keep Frank Miller’s Sin City in black and white.  The animations each character in the world has its own personality.  The renditions of the city itself are amazing and the open world aspect allows you to explore areas that have nothing to do with plot just for fun and easter-egg hunt.The city itself is filled with an entire cast of NPC citizens that you probably pass by everyday in real life like dog walkers, joggers, business men/women and even people driving to work. They are part of the game too. There are music stores, subways, suburbs and slums all adding to the feel of being in a real breathing city.  Attacking them or destroying their property summons the police just like in Grand Theft Auto. So, it doesn’t pay to be the bully.  At least it should make you aware after a while of your surroundings especially if you are outnumbered and low on health. Even still after summoning my 3rd wave of cops to try to stop my rampage at level 40 I always like to imagine Gary Oldman’s character from the professional screaming “….EVERYONE!!” in the distance.I can’t guarantee everyone will know who Abobo, Mr. Kim or Billy and Jimmy Lee are but that therein is the beauty of this game. I will say I really wish we got to see even more of Ether, Calvin, and Prison Slick. The characters were so cool to fight it makes you want to see them again if a sequel is hopefully made.  Even the yearbook in the title screen just makes you remember that all these guys are not completely faceless mobs and are just students at your school. Some have turf like the Jock over the Football field or the Rich Kids in the Suburbs; some are spread everywhere like the muggers ambush masters of the city.What is a sadly undersold feature of this game is that every enemy boss or minion in this game is 100% playable in PvP or Arena. Each comes with a complete book of unique to each character. Extremely cool.  You can play with friends or fellow RCRU players if you ever want a player 2, 3 or 4 anytime you want with a WLAN or Steam connection.To sum up, if you ever wanted to feel like you can take on the whole city and win here’s your chance. I haven’t said anything about the plot because honestly everything outside of the original RCR plot is too funny to spoil or reveal so I encourage you to play that on your own and only use the guides if you get lost or need advice knowing how to level your character. There are surprises, 4th wall breaks and pop culture references galore so be prepared for a great story with a great cast of memorable characters you will want to see again.If you haven’t already buy this game and get a copy for your friend. Ignore the trolls who try bash this game as this game is un-friggin-believably fun."
,Recommended,422810,30271511,Posted: 1 March,all,Victor Ziblis,"Minus a hurdle at the beginning, this is pretty fun.  Ignore the children who have never actually played any of the Hot Blood High School games; this game fits right in."
76561198157993371,Recommended,422810,30575097,Posted: 17 March,all,The Sludgesauce,"The spirit of the original game is definitely present in this one, it just takes a bit to notice as you're getting used to the play style. The first thing I noticed was the controls didn't seem as smooth as the first one, plus the characters had a very boring moveset. I've feen a fan of the first game for a long time so I was aware that you could learn special moves, but in this game you need to be learning them almost right off the bat otherwise your character seems dull. Luckily we aren't talking thirty dollars for a book that will teach you a move but instead dojos throughout the city where you learn moves for as little as seven bucks if memory serves correct. Some of the moves you learn aren't stand alone specials, but parts of combos that will be complete once you purchase the other moves (usually 2) that add onto your base attacks. After you learn these the game becomes MUCH more enjoyable. I know that was alot about the moves system, but it is very important to know if you want to get anything out of the game. The shops are back too and there are even a few old ones like Mao's and the sauna. As far as I can tell, they've included most if not all of the areas from the original in addition to new areas like a forest with a river, suburban areas and a big city. It's all intertwined and fun to explore with so many ways to reach different areas (my favorite is riding logs on the river). The music is great for the most part. A couple of tunes match the feel of the original and you have some happy, upbeat tunes alongside more serious toned ones. I thought a couple of the songs sounded just plain bizarre and don't fit the game. This is one of few complaints I have. Going back to the move system, the moves list entries need some work. Alot of descriptions are incorrect, leaving you to discover how to do a move you bought on accident. One move even has the name of the move as the input command. You can still figure alot of it out just by experimenting but for now it hinders the fun factor just a bit. Another thing I commonly see mentioned is the fact that enemies are annoyingly difficult to land even a single punch on. It can be done but it takes some learning. This is fine for endgame enemies, but we're talking about basic mobs at the start of the game. Not to mention they can do some pretty crazy moves from the get go. There are also some missions that seem like filler and can be very frustrating. Certain elements of the game have the same quirky and cryptic learning curve as the classics, which can be viewed as positive or negative. Overall I have to say I love this game, maybe as much as the first one. Unfortunately I think that the initial release drove some people off, and until some things are fixed it can hurt the game's reception and sales. I hope that it does well and would like to see more if the people at Conatus Creative ever feel like it's time for a sequel/prequel."
76561198008587281,Recommended,422810,33096433,Posted: 1 July,all,Poqreslux,"This is a very solid, fun, game that has some flaws that bog down the experience a bit. However, I still reccomend it for beat'em up fans, as this is one of the best additions to the genre this side of BOR in a long time.PROS:- Combat is excellent (for the most part). Smacking things feel good. Combos are easy to execute and very free form allowing for a lot of creativity. Granted that you spend money wisely, you'll learn moves at a fairly steady pace throughout the game.- Plenty of characters to choose from, and you'll unlock more as you progress through the story. Each one has their own fighting style, and play differently. Unfortunately, you're better off not switching characters throughout the story (see below)- About 8-10 hr long story mode, depending on how much grinding you do. I feel like this a good length for a budget title. There are $60 triple A games that offer much less in this department.- Fantastic art design and pixel art. Sprites feel both nostalgic and modern. Colors pop and are vibrant, and go well with the overall humerous and cartoony tone of the game.- Enemies feel unique. The different gangs you'll go up against all have their own quirks about the way they fight. Whether its Nerds throwing beakers from afar, Luchas dropping kicking their way in, or Rich Kids double teaming you into oblivion, when you fight groups of these enemies together, you're forced to change your tactics up, which helps the beat'em up combat (which is notorious for becoming repetitive) stay relatively fresh throughout the game.- Humor abounds. This game is funny. The things characters say are hillarious, the plot is totally cheesey and self aware, and there are louds of references and satires of pop culture.- River City feels alive. This is perhaps the first Beat'em Up I've played set in a city where the city feels like people live there. On most screens there are NPCs going throughout their daily business. You'll see people walking dogs, riding bikes, taking subways, driving cars, ect. If you assault civilians or commit crimes, cops might come after you, forcing you to hide and lay low.CONS:- AI can be tedious. As you progress through the game, enemy AI will become more dangerous, but this mostly includes almost like a game of keep away. AI will maintain just enough space between you and them for none of your moves to close this distance effectively, while they rely on charging attacks (most are very fast and hard to react to, but not all) that close the distance, hit for a large amount of damage, and the AI will usually use this attack when your back is turned. By end game, nearly every battle plays out this way, and it does begin to feel monotomous.- Grinding Heavy. In order to upgrade your stats, buy new moves, and heal, you need money, which enemies drop. However it isn't until mid game where enemies start dropping what feels like a fair amount of money. For much of the early game, enemies drop only a few cents. While it does add up, be prepared to do a lot of screen clearing to afford a burger.- Switching characters is not advised. Your XP does not carry over between them, nor does your money. Past a point, all of the starting characters (assuming you've put no time into them) are incapable of lasting even one screen. You have two options really: stay with the same character you've been using, or grind and work on all of them, switching characters regularly. For a game with such a colorful cast, seeing most of them become non-viable after a certain point is a touch dissapointing.- Boss are bland. I found most bosses to be too easy. The last few end game bosses are a good challenge, but many of the early game bosses are so easy to overpower and get on the ropes real quick. They never really get the chance to show off their cool traits.- There are way too many start-up and recovery frames on a lot of moves and animations. Whiff a grab at your own mercy. The reason this becomes an issue is because it gets to the point where enemies are able to avoid your moves with ease, and in many cases punish your specials with their own because their's seem to start up faster than yours. This is very prevelant in the later game. Also getting up after being knocked down seems to take forever, even with maxed out stats. I'm not saying I should be able to get up instantly, but there's definitely a few frames that could be shaved off here and there to make the combat tighter, faster, and less tedious at times.- Weapons feel useless. One of the best parts about Beat'em ups is the weapons you'll find on the streets to smack people around. River City Ransom Underground has plenty of weapons, but mostly all feel relatively the same. While weapons do more damage, I found that weapons are not that effective because they are slow, and after about two hits, enemies will close the distance and damage you, knocking your weapon away before you can swing again. You will do more damage with normal attack strings in a much faster time.- When you die, you lose half of your money. This wouldn't be a problem if there was some way to store money away in one of your hideouts or something, but you can't. Instead, you are better off spending cash as soon as your earn it.- Other flaws include platforming that is difficult to line up correctly, a few chase sequences in the early game, and an infuriating fetch quest involving a bottle of milk. These however, are minor, and once you pass them, they do not come up again.Coop in this game is fun, and eleviates some of the combat problems single player has (i.e. keep away enemies, being blindsided...) but you and your friends need to be in it for the longhaul. This is not a game where a friend can just drop in. They need to join you from the begining, work on their character alongside yours and grind just as much as you. Be prepared to add a few hours onto the play time for a coop playthrough."
,Not Recommended,422810,33149465,Posted: 2 July,all,Wulf,"Right before the first save point, the game crashed.Started the game again, got to the guy that requires you to beat him with special moves and beat him. The door didn't open and I could not proceed.Started the game again, got to the weapon expert, was not given a weapon to fight him. Had to knock him down to take his weapon and hurt him. Got to the first save point. Had a weapon in my hand, went to the ""change characters"" screen, changed my skin, exited the menu, got hit by my own weapon and lost half my health...Was hoping to buy another couple copies and play with my friends, but with how many bugs I hit in the first 15-25 minutes, I fear we would be spending most of the time crashing or softlocking and relaunching the game, redoing progress we already did, killing ourselves, etc."
,Recommended,422810,30238709,Posted: 28 February,all,H2O,"RCR Underground is an ""Old school gamers bait done right""."
,Recommended,422810,30579333,Posted: 17 March,all,seisdoseis,"Great game if you like old beat em ups, specially if you loved the original RCR on NES. For me the game feels fresh, yes there are some little things that most people dont like (i.e. the combo moves is cryptic or does not really explain how to chain moves or exactly do the moves - it is for you to figure out or to check the internet for tutorials - me, i just play casually.The multiplayer seems to be working now, the devs doing patches is a good sign."
76561198031966029,Recommended,422810,33447526,Posted: 10 July,all,tommy_lop,"River City Ransom underground is a good homage but it's no where has good has the orginal game, too many rookie mistakes from a rookie devlopers too make it a good game.https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=WwVLhn6Fs2M"
,Recommended,422810,30307492,Posted: 3 March,all,HexRunner,"I see alot of negative reviews.Hater gonna hate.  Yes, the game has bugs.  Yes, you are going to have to grind to learn skills and increase stats.  Yes, the keybindings and moves list are a bit wonky (Highly recommend reading the keybindings before play).No, there doesn't seem to be a game manual of any sort to really explain how combos work, what various stats do, or what that red bar below your stamina is and what it represents.Whats all that mean.  Not-a-got-damn-thing!  The game is challenging, but if you have a mind to experiment and try things out you'll be fine.  Patience is a virtue.  The game is hard, its not Ninja Gaiden hard.  The consequences of being defeated are negligable - you loose half your accumulated cash and start over at your last hideout.  Its more frustrating than an actual setback.  I've played it for four hours, bought it at 16 bucks - thats 4 dollars an hour for some entertainment and nostalgia well worth it.   I give the game a solid 7.5/10"
76561198168891155,Recommended,422810,30307448,Posted: 3 March,all,Kazmadai,"Played solo and on LAN and encountered no memorable bugs. The game is awesome and is very fun.1. The combat has incredible depth - Learning good footwork and tactics pays off nicely.2. The RPG elements work very well.3. The different unloackable fighters and even the types of enemies are very distinct.Loved the original game, loved the EX game on GBA and absolutely love this game. There is a lot of passion and soul injected into this little gem. If you are new to this type of game, just be patient during the beginning and take small steps while carefully learning how to dominate and you will eventually become an unrivaled killing machine."
,Recommended,422810,31443305,Posted: 29 April,all,[CG]The Tailor,"Despite some flaws that other people have brought up, this game is still immensely fun to play."
76561197988113155,Recommended,422810,30262804,Posted: 1 March,all,SAF,"As someone who owns pretty much every beat em up ever made, I can confidently say RCR:U is one of the best I have played, easily top three, and in many ways, better than Scott Pilgrim. The main draw for me was the 10 different characters you can unlock and play as, each with a totally unique fighting style. The icing on the cake is the online MP.The game has worked perfectly for me so far, so I'm not sure about the reviewers that say they are encountering bugs. If you like beat em ups, you need this game in your life."
76561197990682159,Recommended,422810,30274717,Posted: 2 March,all,cxdcrazy,Bad♥♥♥♥♥game!
76561198115979948,Recommended,422810,30469407,Posted: 12 March,all,Wiz,"Remember when video games were fun and challenging?Well, this game is for you. It supports excellent multiplayer (and by the time youre reading this the multiplayer save failure should be patched) and it is a lot of fun and full of personality.If you were born in the 80s you should buy it and put in a few hours just to play ""spot"" the Easter Eggs, from Optimus Prime to Akira, they're all in there. And its a heck of a lot of fun finding them.Given its price, the appearence, and overall fun I've had with this game I'd highly recomend it. It isnt going to change you life or make you the cool kid in gamer circles but it will probably entertain you and give you a few laughs. Plus, the fighting system is really smooth once you level your character up a bit.High praise for this one, check it out."
,Recommended,422810,30234102,Posted: 27 February,all,Goob,"Wow. Just...wow...played the first one on nintendo, and then on gameboy advance, and this is just....pretty much spot on. I stop playing to get a drink, and right back in. Graphic are old school but tight, and the controls are smotth as all get out."
76561198021808455,Recommended,422810,30242253,Posted: 28 February,all,Understalker714,"So far, the game is fun for what it is; I'm an avid Brawler/ Beat-em-up/ Hack n Slacher fan, so I'll give my pros and cons; (note, so far I've only played with Provie and a little bit of Bruno, so if I'm doing things wrong, let me know)Pros: the game is campy in that good old-school NES way.  The dialogue is very basic so that can be a pro or a con depending on if you like story driven plot or not.  All and all, the controls are pretty smooth, albiet not as smooth as Skullgirls or Streets of Rage 2 (still the smoothest Beat- em- up EVER imo).  It's probably about as smooth as the Scott Pilgrim game, with less perdictable combo setups (Scoot Pilgrim you could land a heavy attack and lead into a finisher pretty easily and early in the game)  The tutorial is nice if you're not familiar with the beat-em- up genre and I'm all about multiplayer (online and local)Cons:  Biggest con so far:  Not all the moves work.  Provie's jup kick didn't work and Bruno can't seem to do anything after he grapples, which are HUGE bugs that need to be fixed, as it limis gameplay options and flexibility which, is like th crux of these types of games.  Not being able to change the control scheme is another one I personally have aproblem with because I have a not- typical xbox controller that i'd love to set to scott pilgrim or even street fighter settings, as this game was clearly made for classic xbox or steam control settings in mind.  Items and dojos seem kinda scarce and, while maybe it's a way to no overload the characters all at once to still provide some challenge, the lack of any visible buildup combined with the ease at which you can die in like the first level (the boss was surprisingly hard with Alex and Ryan having friendly fire on on TOP of having limited combat options; by the time i beat the boss I was like level 4 which seemed a tad high, but i was also playing on my own) leaves me wishing for the Scott Pilgrim style of play where you get rewarded with new moves and full life upon leveling (and that game is NOT easy, even with that)All and all, i think RCRU will be an awesome game when they get the move bugs worked out, and you're welcome to try, it's still interesting to see even with what they got, but when I play a brawler, i wanna be able to brawl FULLY not mostly."
,Recommended,422810,30242320,Posted: 28 February,all,Myopic,"The sequel that I have been waiting for, this game is truly the succesor to the original and FEELS like river city ransom, unlike Tokyo Rumble. I'm not sure how long this is but I can't wait to play it to death."
76561197981619977,Recommended,422810,30242605,Posted: 28 February,all,Scoop GP,This game has everything that made the original a classic and more.  I'm really enjoying it.
,Not Recommended,422810,30234501,Posted: 27 February,all,Quincunx,"Apparently every boss just runs away from you with a trollface. I bought this game to beat up street gangs, not run foot races."
,Not Recommended,422810,30252971,Posted: 28 February,all,runehamster,"Okay, take three. I've played for about six hours at the time of this writing.RCRU is a beat-'em-up, which is a new genre for me. Aside from dabbling a bit in Golden Axe and its ilk when I was a kid, I really haven't played anything like this. I'm giving this as a disclaimer, because I'm approaching this game as a complete novice to the genre. I had read no press on this game, and had never even heard of its predecessors. Just bought it off the steampage because I had never seen anything like this before.TL;DRIf you're new to the genre like me, this game's probably going to be more frustrating than fun. If you're experienced, you probably already know exactly what to expect and you'll love this game. It's raw around the edges and clearly unfinished, so keep that in mind when purchasing.Pros+ The animations and artwork are simply stellar. Everything is highly detailed, with smooth, cartoonish, awesomely fun animations for every attack. The enemies are also highly animated, with many damage frames depending on how you hit them. It's enormously satisfying to see the enemies react to your strikes appropriately.+ The controls are tight and precise. The RPG elements are well designed and offer a satisfactory feeling of progression.+ There's quite a few character options, and the ones I've tried all feel distinct from each other. I personally found Alex the most fun to play, and I think most people can find a character to suit their taste.+ Once you unlock some combos and special moves, the combat is surprisingly fun, offering plenty of options for crowd control, grapples, tosses, and the like. It offers a great brawl feeling that I haven't seen in other games (possibly because this is common in this genre, I don't know).Cons- The game is clearly and painfully unfinished and unpolished. I'll offer specific details below, but it's abundantly clear that the developers either ran out of time or released early.- There is a list of moves for each character. The descriptions of these moves are frequently wrong, occasionally missing, and do not tell you whether they have prerequisites or are part of a combo. You will grind up your cash painfully, buy a move, and be unable to use the move because you don't have a prerequisite you didn't know existed.- Some moves do not work all the time, and some moves do not work some of the time. It's difficult to know whether these are bugged, because the moves are not described properly.- You start with moves you cannot use, because they are part-way through a combo.- You start with only the most basic, combo starting moves. Your enemies start with full combos.- The difficulty curve is stupid, and nasty, and unpleasant. The game gets much, much easier the more you play. Your stats improve and you unlock combos, so it goes from a painful, sluggy grind to pleasant to play. Opposite of what you want for new players, in my humble opinion - difficulty should increase as your options for dealing with it increase.- The enemies are psychic. Even at the beginning, they have perfect tracking. If you do a run-attack, they will dodge through you and hit you in the back of the head as you're still moving. If you run under their jump attacks, they will reverse in midair.- Enemy AI changes depending on whether they're interested in fighting you at the moment. You will only be engaged by 1-2 enemies at a time, but which enemy is engaging you can change. If that changes, it is difficult to chase down any enemies not engaging you, and since all the enemies look alike you'll have trouble finishing off enemies in the confusion.- There are some enemies that are not so much difficult to fight as they are unpleasant. There is a specific enemy you will encounter early on that will constantly moonwalk backwards unless you are blocking or facing away. It's incredibly frustrating to fight if there are no items to toss at them. They can actually outrun the slower characters gap-closers, too, so good luck with that.- If you get knocked into the side of the map, you map transition, losing any money on the ground and any progress you made clearing out enemies. If you knock an enemy off the map or into the transition, you do not get loot (not sure if you get experience or not).- The map is terrible. It does not do a good job of showing you where you are, or how to get somewhere, or where you need to go next. It's utterly pointless and I have no idea why it's in there.- Screen transitions place you randomly onto the next screen. Enemies are frequently randomly placed next to you. They will attack you as you transition in, and result in a sucker punch.- There are many multiplayer bugs. I haven't played MP, but people are enormously dissatisfied by this game so far due to progress loss and desync."
76561197990855491,Recommended,422810,30242093,Posted: 28 February,all,Kurraak,I haven't played through yet but I totally love this game.  As others are saying -- well worth the wait.
76561197970332665,Recommended,422810,30242473,Posted: 28 February,all,zacharylayne,Awesome!
76561197970627274,Recommended,422810,30474359,Posted: 12 March,all,Crete21,Yaaaasssss! River City MAYHEM! I love it. Great job devs
76561198090866842,Not Recommended,422810,32986722,Posted: 29 June,all,floraandfauna,"I cant use my controller, no respond at all.Sigh, have to get a new one to try again."
,Recommended,422810,30232942,Posted: 27 February,all,BananaJane,Online saving problems have been fixed!!Game's awesome!Legit online coop
,Recommended,422810,32969047,Posted: 28 June,all,Daddy,iz pre goothumbsah apppp!
76561197970967129,Not Recommended,422810,30271611,Posted: 1 March,all,Roh,"I have only had this game a few hours so far and I am having a great time! Beat'm Up fun with a little bit of thinking here and there to get things done. The art is amazing and all the little throwbacks in the game... So much fun!Edit: Okay, I was hasty with my praise of the game. Once you get a ways in the bugs get kind of out of hand. I actually wouldn't recommend getting this game any time soon unless you really, really loved the original. Considering we are four patches past release... If you don't see a tenth or so patch the game probably isnt where it should have been at release yet."
,Recommended,422810,30417445,Posted: 9 March,all,Slavoj Jizzek,"This is a great game, a true sequel to the original River City Ransom. Not a remake, or an update, but a full sequel in that it tightens and improves the strengths of the original title while broadening the scope of gameplay. There are some points where the experience stumbles - storyline progression quests, balancing, questionable scene blocking - but it never comes to a full stop, and the missteps are made in the service of changing things up to keep things fresh and challenging. Multiplayer has incredibly smooth netcode and offers a lot of flexibility."
,Recommended,422810,30690815,Posted: 23 March,all,Dielgas,I'd highly recommend buying this game. It's a joy to walk around town kicking♥♥♥♥♥to level up and get money so you can upgrade your characters. Boss fights are fun and even challenging at times. Characters of distinct abilities and combos they learn from Dojos and you eat food to permanently raise your stats increasing your character's strength.The game is absolutely worth it.
76561198117983237,Recommended,422810,30417607,Posted: 9 March,all,jtoola,this was the best i loved it i play it more than any other game i have that includes horizon zero dawn and  breath of the wild
76561198093722771,Recommended,422810,31226456,Posted: 18 April,all,Sonicrpg The Hedgehog,"Due to the problems of the game, I still recommend it because at first it got kickstarted then started to take about acouple of years to develop then it finally releases. But i noticed now that when i play it, it says ""An error ocurred while updating RiverCity Ransom: Underground for some reason so i hope they fix this problem with the game crash because i can't even play it now."
,Recommended,422810,31216156,Posted: 18 April,all,Bad Mind,"Do you like old beat'em up games?Do you like RPG elements?Do you like a deep fighting's gameplay?Do you like retro-style graphic?Do you like playing with friends?RCRU is a little gem, especially considering the beat'em up genre offers only remaster of old games, bad remakes and ""nice but meh"" new games.It has only one big con: the price.Imho 20 bucks is a little too much for a game like this, but give it a chance when it drops or during sales because it's a really addicting game."
,Recommended,422810,30658152,Posted: 21 March,all,midnightwolf979,"This game is great, it really brings me back to the old days of beat em' up. There are a few bugs here and there but the dev's have been very on top of listening to the community and fixing them. Amazing game completely worth every penny."
,Recommended,422810,33201714,Posted: 3 July,all,Rinq,"While the combat may be basic at first and some characters are downright trash at the beginning, as you struggle and work your way up to buying moves and filling your inventory with food (Merv Burgers 4 lyf) the game begins to feel quite enjoyable. 7/10"
76561198116096213,Recommended,422810,33134845,Posted: 2 July,all,Yellow Toad,Besides ACT 2's little gauntlet; it's great.
,Recommended,422810,32521416,Posted: 17 June,all,Eclipse,"It takes everything the original had and adds up tons of extremely well animated new moves, new enemies and lots of bosses. Gameplay is faithful to the NES classic, possibly even TOO MUCH, for example many times an enemy will knock you outside the screen and that will reset the whole room when you get back *facepalm*.The game is full of cheap deaths, some enemies can lock you into never ending damage dealing loops, but besides this obvious design pitfalls this game is still quite unique and a ton of fun, there's no other ""open world"" beat 'em up like this one. It's not a masterpiece, as it could be a lot more, but it's way more fun than your average old beat 'em up"
76561198099670651,Recommended,422810,32629638,Posted: 21 June,all,avery.a.shaw,"I enjoy playing this classic button-mashing game.  It give me a feeling of nostalgia while adding fresh content to the game.  I think its funny that the developers designed Ryan and Alex as older men.  They can now walk the streets of River City beating up young hoodlums and punks and cops alike.  I think the GTA-esque ""wanted"" system is a good idea to add to the game as well.  This game is worth a playthrough or two."
76561198114238148,Recommended,422810,30503061,Posted: 13 March,all,O'Cathail,"River City Ransom is just the game you are looking for if you are a true NES kid. I honestly can't say enough good things about this game. I love the music, graphics style and the combat is fluid and oh so satifying. There are some known issues that are being addressed and I can't wait for more updates and patches. I am really hoping for mod support."
,Recommended,422810,34871343,Posted: 10 September,all,Suspect Bucket,"A great beat-em-up that effectively kills time, not thumbs. Good with the the Steam Controller once you decipher the buttons."
76561198051068973,Recommended,422810,35090020,Posted: 20 September,all,asmir,"Awesome game, brings lots of memeories back playing the original on NES, the game is a great example of an well-made beat'em up, best played with someone online or two players, surely it has this downs n' ups but most the devs will fix them, it's a game that only leaves you wanting for more, totally worth the price and the time awaited for it!"
76561198026234938,Recommended,422810,30512786,Posted: 14 March,all,Bubbleknight,"Hello, I just finished the game on my channel bubbleknight mobile gaming(https://www.youtube.com/c/bubbleknightmobilegaming)on both normal and new game+.I agree with the last boss bug, it has to get fixed! But once you understand the boss's attack pattern it's not so hard to beat him. This game was mostly an enjoyable experience. Towards the end people blocks like no tomorrow especially the guys in suits and sun glasses!A tip for beginners, don't bother proceed with the story until you take a few saunas. Why? Because it raises your stamina/hp! You will get killed a lot if you don't do this. 30~ish hp is a joke! Get it to about 100 so you can take a decent amount of hits. Foods you buy from different shops also raises your stats and stamina/HP. Make sure you buy and eat often. Your best bet is probably the sushis and hamburgers in the beginning. If you still find it too difficult, grind a little more and take couple more saunas. You can learn moves in 3 dojos.Be patient, your character will get strong!"
,Recommended,422810,30245707,Posted: 28 February,all,Sham,"It's fun, AND they're doing a prompt job in fixing the bugs.When this game released, a lot of the reviews are mixed or negative. Why is this? It's because some of the really basic functions that should work, weren't. Not sure why, but a lot of people expected more for various reasons. The biggest glitch is one that would prevent the game from saving if you were playing multiplayer, meaning you'd lose hours, hours of progress.While they're working on that now, the game becomes more and more playable with each update, and on top of this, Workshop character support is incoming. We'll be able to play as our own favourite animes and suplex Abobo as a little girl. Or a raging helldemon. Whatever you figure is appropriate.It retains a lot of the feel of River City Ransom from 1989. and isn't a bad filesize either. 133MB for a decently long game with multiplayer and replayability, some redone animations (which I have mixed opinions on. I like there's more frames per animation but I absolut ely hate blurred motion frames, whatever you call those), the range of attacks you get and the amount of complexity make it really fun.I'm starting to say yes, it's worth it to pick this up."
,Recommended,422810,30252217,Posted: 28 February,all,unreal_rik,Enjoying this game a lot even without my nostalgia goggles.
,Recommended,422810,30252597,Posted: 28 February,all,6-volt,I have been waiting for this for a long time and it is well worth the cost and time in my personal opinion.  My son and I have been playign the original and finally jumped on this as soon as it was available.  We played a solid 2 hours before it was time for him to go to bed.  Good action nice additions and a great homage to the old.  Wonderful crossplatform options and was able to hop on with friends or non steam friends.  My son and I picked up both our steam controllers and went to town on the TV.  Great game good job!
76561197978985877,Not Recommended,422810,30497786,Posted: 13 March,all,SibDog,"This game is a fraud.Unfinished software masqarading as finished software to trick people out of there money.This game was slapped together hastily and you can tell that after the first act, The amount of time put into detail was severly cut off. This to me is a tactic used to trick people into thinking they got a complete game so they play long enough to ruin there chances to return the game. Had people known right off the bat that the game was unfinished they would have likely not purchased the game.The bugs and design flaws are just a symptom of this obvious fraud.Forum Moderators are banning naysayers from the forum.DO NOT BUY"
76561198001893242,Not Recommended,422810,30290359,Posted: 2 March,all,MAGA MAN,"Not your typical beat em' up. I really wanted to like this game but, had to make a call within 2 hours because of steam's refund policy.Cons:-No combos, gets very boreing very quickly.-very hard even on 'story mode' difficulty.-enemies keep re-appearing when revisiting locations you already cleared.-text scrolls too slowly on screen even when set to ""fast"".Pros:-Great animation.-Great art style.-Great sound."
,Not Recommended,422810,31010377,Posted: 7 April,all,Baulmada,"I played this when I was young. And I have to say beyong the nostalgia... this doesn't cut it. It's far, far more difficult, which is great I guess, but instead of 1-3 mobs attacking, its like 6 and they do a lot more damage. You die in 1-4 attacks and lose half your money. I've seen a lotta comments online that it was hard. SWEET! I feel like I cant progress anywhere in this game because it's just too hard to play alone. The new heroes are really unbalanced (some are far more powerful and faster than others), there are numerous bugs... I was really excited when this came up and now I can hope for a refund. videos are all hype of leveld up heroes with skills, lets say you want to play Rudy. He starts with no skills, he's slower than hell and you'll die over and over and over trying to save up 10.00$ to get a skill... but you die in 3 hits so you can't really solo much. its just frustrating death after frustraing death. Half the time it's something you have no control over, the starting enemies will wreck you, you'll get swarmed by 3-4 people that surround you and you have to just run and throw items or something to try to not get hit. I'll wait for something else."
,Not Recommended,422810,30266829,Posted: 1 March,all,Sir Digby Chicken Caeser,"An unpolished game full of bugs, extremely poor decisions, and lopsided character design.There is a fun game in there, but if you absolutely have to play more RCR pick up tokyo rumble on the 3ds."
76561198286908255,Recommended,422810,30232069,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr.Jiecao,"This game was evocative of my childhood, I hope the producers can consider the launch of the Chinese  language."
,Not Recommended,422810,30459090,Posted: 11 March,all,L4MER,"""full controller support"" lol nice joke"
76561198165138653,Not Recommended,422810,30574010,Posted: 17 March,all,MaritimeRetroMassacre,"This game isn't very good. It looks like it has a lot of potential but unfortunately right now, it just plays like its broken in several ways. I didn't like the way the tutorial worked, it starts you as a powerful character with a strong move set, but then makes you play as a weakened level 1 character after the first boss fight, with little explanation. At this point of the game, it is almost impossible to progress beyond a few screens of the game because of the AI and amount of enemies on the screen. After hours of grinding you are able to hold your own vs the most basic mobs. By the time this happened I was totally annoyed with the game and no longer wanted to play. Metering difficulty is a huge part of games, starting the game off at such a high difficulty mode just alienates players."
76561198028253012,Not Recommended,422810,30245125,Posted: 28 February,all,Ghin,"This game is trying to get nostalgia money. Don't buy it.The user interface is horrible. All the menus are done with in game buttons, so you have to guess what key does what. Tutorial text pops up while I'm fighting and disappears because I pressed a key. Menus are in strange places. It takes all the things that were not good about the NES River City Ransom interface and runs wild with them.The controls are not good. Jumping and moving up or down is impossible to aim properly. The 'special moves' in the tutorial didn't work all the time. One of them was done by pressing forward + special, but it would never register the forward movement. I pressed the grab key, but then while the enemy was grabbed, none of the other keys worked to throw him.Once I got out of the tutorial, I had none of the moves I had previously. The first area had me running through several screens where the enemies were purposefully too strong so that I could 'escape' the area. Not what I want in the first stage of a beatemup. There was also way too much talking. Then the next area had two overpowered NPCs carrying me through the next set of screens. How do I level up? I have no idea. After that I turned the game off.I could forgive some of this stuff if the game was actually fun, but it isn't. It simply isn't enjoyable at the core experience."
76561198272037217,Not Recommended,422810,31992327,Posted: 27 May,all,无量无劫**师,Too many bugs in this game. Too many settings is just aimed to waste your time rather than to make more fun.Really bad saving system and bad mission design.
,Not Recommended,422810,30453267,Posted: 11 March,all,dmoody81,this game says full controller support but with a steam controller you will not have all the buttons work unless you have a specific controller for the game during the initial screen indicated.
,Not Recommended,422810,30326143,Posted: 4 March,all,TheContinental,"The look of RCR:U is absolutely perfect, but the feel just isn't quite there. The jumping is really floaty and a lot of the movement mechanics have the feel of a 2D game built on a modern 3D engine. Gameplay is also *VERY*  buggy in its current state, with PS4 controller input over wireless being laggy to the point of unusuability and flat out dropping button input. The same issue doesn't exist when using the controller wired, and I've never experienced a similar effect in any other games.All in all, the spirit of RCR is all there, but the execution leaves something to be desired. I'd wait a few month for a couple rounds of patches at the very least for those interested."
76561198018948936,Not Recommended,422810,30310700,Posted: 4 March,all,sturmcrow,"Just a horrible Grind. Level ups that mean nothing but hey they might save you if you get health when you are dangerously low.- The original started you out, Let you buy a great move right at the beginning and you were free to move around and play a lot. Here you have to grind for moves that you will be lucky if they are effective, and often the moveslist is downright useless after you even have the move for figuring it out.- You will often feel completely lost and end up in grind circles where you die and lose more cash then you can gain as the enemies will surround you, block only works one way (unlike original game) and be easily overwhelmed as you try to avoid punching the damn civilians running by so you don't get the cop adds.This could have been great. But it's like they started with a good idea and then added on a bunch of bad and then just lost track. Waiting ( and hoping for a refund )"
76561197968114576,Not Recommended,422810,30243549,Posted: 28 February,all,The Gag Knuckle,"Wanted to like it. Really wanted to like it.Couldn't like it.Repetitive, grindy, needlessly obtuse. The cop mechanic is an absolutely baffling inclusion - civilians run around and if you hit them [even by accident] infinite waves of cops come looking for you. These cops are tough as old boots, take forever to kill and provide no money or benefits. There's a day/night cycle that probably seemed like a cute idea but is really just a pain in the fundament, that leaves you waiting around for time to pass.All the cool moves you see the dudes busting out in the trailers? Good luck with that. The in-game move list just tells you buttons to press, with no clue as to context or timing. And you need to grind to unlock them. And you need to grind to make your character anything other than an anaemic pushover. And if you unlock anyone else you need to start grinding again. What moves a character starts with are a crapshoot - Glen, for example, starts with a fairly decent toolbox, whereas Bruno and Rudy are a nightmare to get past their initial uselessness. Criminally, the luchador doesn't have any grapple moves at first.There's very little direction or instruction given to the player. Text dumps will pop up mid-fight, so you end up button mashing right past them accidentally and there's no way to see them again. There's a map with objectives on it, but it's totally unreadable. Sometimes key things will be explained at the bottom of the screen - where you're not looking because every single stage has around 8 enemies instantly trying to beat you up. Stores will offer you various products but give you no clue as to what you're about to buy. Extra moves for your characters are the same - and while something like ""Ground Punches"" is fairly self evident, things like ""Viper Kiss"" are a little harder to puzzle out. Have fun realising you've spent $22 in game dollars [around 15 minutes of grinding on mooks] on something contexual/useless!Oh, and it's rough as guts. Crashes a lot, has frequent strange framerate hitches, is full of spelling errors and [in the move lists at least] the occasional flat out wrong item. Netcode is woeful, desyncs at the drop of a hat. Controller issues abound.It's all just a shame. It's so close to being a good game. It's nicely presented and has excellent music. But it's not good. Don't buy it. Buy Mother Russia Bleeds instead."
76561198005954807,Recommended,422810,30235465,Posted: 27 February,all,ChinWagg,Great game probably will be my #1 release of 2017 :D
,Recommended,422810,31876051,Posted: 20 May,all,benzWLA,Great game
,Recommended,422810,30367203,Posted: 6 March,all,[SCvM] Fainjoe,"This game is a couch co-op fantasy!I had no idea this game was being made, but when I saw it in the store I was flooded with memories of playing the original with family for the fun co-op experience.  This game had the same spirit of the original and 4 player local co-op is hella fun.  I alread have hosted parties for playing this game with friends and we love it.Complaints of the online co-op may be valid, I wouldn't know.  I simply have been having an awesome time inviting real people over and sharing the experience.Pros:- Hella fun local co-op- New characters have different feel and personality- Fighting is fun... like sometimes I forget that money is a thing here fun- The areas and scenery are varied and exploring is excellent- Music is great (has yet to leave my head)Cons:- Controls are for NES players, odd when not exposed to it (Please don't change it)- Instructions are hard to find (they are in the map on the bottom of the screen)- Bugs present, but not game breakingOver all, I have been recommending this game.  If you like the old school NES beat 'em up style.... get it."
76561198064769350,Recommended,422810,30369616,Posted: 7 March,all,iizShawn,Brings back great memories with some updated moves!
,Recommended,422810,30382838,Posted: 7 March,all,pannta,simple awesome!!
,Recommended,422810,30385809,Posted: 7 March,all,erakus,"original retro city rampage fan, i'm enjoying the successor.  get lost in a few places but so far so good. if you liked the old nes game you'll like this i believe."
,Recommended,422810,30379619,Posted: 7 March,all,BoursinBurger,"One week and 30 hours played through the entire storyline, I feel like I can now fairly review this game.River City Ransom: Underground is the highly anticipated sequel to my favorite NES game of all time. Ever since discovering its Kickstarter campaign I have been waiting for this game's release. So is it up to the hype? Will RCR fans like it? Let's take a look.The GoodFaithfulness to RCR:Even though it is a PC game, free from the 8-bit limitations of the NES, RCRU still keeps the retro feel of the original game, with some extra flashy things not possible on the original console, such as full-screen animated cutscenes in that quirky Technos art style. There are so many homages to RCR and other Technos games like Double Dragon and Super Dodge Ball that experienced gamers like me will appreciate the nostalgia hits that RCRU provides. Lots of locations in RCRU re-create similar landmark areas in RCR, with a bit of modernization and artistic liberty in re-rendering those scenes, so they are familiar, yet fresh. The character animations feel very fluid.New Fighters:Alex and Ryan are all grown up, and even though they can still fight, they are spiritually passing the torch to the new generation of high schoolers. With 10 playable characters, there is a lot of variety in move sets, and many of the characters have received praise from the players in choosing them as their mains.Epic Story Finishes:Without giving away too much, the closing portions of Acts 2 and 3 will blow your mind.4-Player Multiplayer over Steam:Let's face it, playing a beat-em-up like this with your friends is the best way to play.The BadAdherence to RCR to a Fault:RCR had its quirks that RCRU faithfully reproduces, but they really should have had a modern redesign.-Willpower is automatically understood by RCR fans but new players won't easily grasp its purpose. No up-front explanation of what any of the stats do, you just have to figure them all out.-There is a plethora of shops selling oodles of items, with no explanation of what they do until you consume them. Some items are purely cosmetic, and again, you have no way of knowing. The first thing RCRU players did upon release was assemble guides for this.-You gain absolutely nothing on level up, and only gain stats from eating things. This is even worse than RCR because the level system imposes an artifical cap that you have to grind XP to raise, but Stamina/Energy/Special don't even display the upper cap for your level, you just have to keep on eating stuff until it says you're maxed out.-Bottomless pits, everywhere!Day/Night Cycle:Most shops are only open in the daytime. No way to control it other than waiting. Some quest elements depend on day or night too. This isn't explicitly mentioned. You just have to ""know.""The Police:A completely unnecessary game element. Do a bad thing and get swarmed by cops. And it's quite easy to accidentally do a bad thing. They give no XP or money, and are just there to be a nuisance until you go out of your way to get rid of them.New Character Grinding:New characters are weak and don't have much more than a punch, a kick, and an aerial attack. Starting out, this is OK because it reinforces the RPG aspect and the enemies are very weak. However as you progress, the enemies get stronger and smarter, and if you feel like switching characters, then you will have a hard time leveling up because there is no way to scale down the enemy difficulty. You only lose half your cash from dying, but not even being able to kill a single enemy makes it impossible to progress. You pretty much have to resort to cheese tactics to win fights. Once you can gain some levels and quick cash and turn that cash into STR, then the momentum begins to swing in your favor.Dojos and Obscure Move Lists:There are level caps for learning new moves, but the dojos won't reveal what they are. Then once you've gotten your new moves, it's nearly impossible to tell how to use them. Some moves are simply marked P and K when they are actually steps in a longer combo, but the move list doesn't explain this. The devs have promised to patch this.Annoying Quests:Many quest steps have vague or even no explanations. And then there is the content of certain quests. Chasing the Zombies. Delivering Milk. These are the story elements people gripe about the most. If you those mess up, you have to start over, and it is VERY easy to mess up.The UglyCrippling Bugs:This is the mood killer. Broken stuff that should have been caught and fixed before release.XP not saving in multiplayer games. Broken Achievements. Broken Vending Machines. UI errors. Quest glitches. Two subway stations have their names transposed. Again, these things can be patched, but the multiplayer bug is the biggest deal breaker right now, and the devs' highest priority.Final ThoughtsSo, the big question, is it worth it? In my opinion, yes, it is. RCRU delivers a lot of fun, humor, nostalgia, and new gameplay to an old NES classic. RCR fans will love it the most, but retro beat-em-up enthusiasts will also find enjoyment. Playing it with friends (or even strangers) makes it even more hilarious. Yes, it has flaws, but it also has a passionate development team working to correct them. Give it a little time for the issues to be fixed, but definitely give it a try."
76561198107944825,Recommended,422810,30369727,Posted: 7 March,all,8braXas,"Awesome game, best beat em up ever now even better! Thumbs up to the developers, this is legendary 😍"
,Not Recommended,422810,30463705,Posted: 11 March,all,aneurysm,its probably a good recreation but kinda boring. i remember the old one more fondly.
,Recommended,422810,30392247,Posted: 8 March,all,Suds1979,This game has just about everything I was looking for & hoping what it would be.Great art style. Fun beat-em up. Mix in some more up to date combo possibilities and give us a ton of characters to choose from? You bet.Enjoying it.
,Recommended,422810,30367810,Posted: 6 March,all,DJ Masterson,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING.I've never played the original River City Ransom, but I later became a fan of brawlers. I loved Dungeon Fighter: Online and I certainly like this, too!The game can be difficult, but don't let that dissuade you. That said, the game has it's problems,  like the move system.To obtain new moves for your characters you have to visit dojos around town and purchase the new moves with cash you ""found"" after ""helping"" your fellow ""citizens"" (aka you beat up lots of mooks for their lunch money. Particularly the nerds. They don't carry more cash, they just deserve it).The dojos don't explain to you what the moves do beforehand, or what level you need to be at to obtain them (they'll just say you're not high enough yet). And some dojos will sell you moves you can't use yet because it requires you to have another move from ANOTHER dojo.And then when you have the moves some of them are not properly explained at all in your own moves page! And some don't even give an explanation.A lot of the moves you buy are actually extensions for your combos. By mashing Punch and Kick quickly in a specific order you can perform special combos for reliable and unavoidable damage. You may start out with your longest combo only being P-K-P, for instance, but when you buy X move you can suddenly tack on another P at the end of that for a 4-hitter ending in a punch that sends the enemy flying! So even if you bought a combo extender you can't use yet, it's not a total loss.Other than that, the game has other issues, such as incompatibility with non-X-input controllers, so sometimes your inputs get janked up. And Multiplayer is basically in a beta phase right now, with it's own host of issues (but still worth playing just to beat up mooks with your friends!).Some advice I have for anyone who wants to play this game and have fun.1. Guard. The game becomes so much harder when you forget you can defend yourself. Defend yourself.2. If the police show up, rush to your nearest hideout. This will make them leave you alone (until your next crime).3. The police only show up IF A CIVILIAN REPORTS YOU. So as long as you avoid punching civilians and performing illegal activities while civilians are still around, the police won't even notice.4. No, beating up aggro mooks doesn't count as a crime. Just make sure civilians don't get hurt in the crossfire.5. Don't ever deny Paul his daps. Paul is just the sweetest guy and why would you make him so sad you MONSTER."
76561198071915950,Recommended,422810,30381300,Posted: 7 March,all,Serious Secare,If you are a fan of the original definitely pick this up.
76561198142148025,Recommended,422810,30364642,Posted: 6 March,all,Abu Ja3far,Best game ever
76561198048745649,Recommended,422810,30245494,Posted: 28 February,all,MY DOTA NOT WORK,best games ever
76561198048711642,Recommended,422810,30357556,Posted: 6 March,all,大杯茶,REMEMBER NO MILK!!!
,Recommended,422810,30273324,Posted: 1 March,all,Redbl0odx,"This game is finally the SCOTT PILGRIM VS THE WORLD : THE GAME that I've been waiting for on the PC. Since emulation still hasn't gotten the point of playing that on PC yet...this is a pretty amazing stand in.HOWEVER. As much as I do love this game, and I really do love it. Honestly, I think it is a patch or a couple hotfixes away of being the perfect game. At least when it comes to co-op sidescroller beat'em ups. Up there with Castle Crashers and the like.Pros- Nostalgic music, sounds like arranged tunes from the first game that most people recognise, RIVER CITY RANSOM (NES)- Art Design. Though some things kind of go the way of Battlebreaker...when some of the people look kind of crazy, instead of just looking like your typical street gang or Yakuza types (like the original was.)- Lots of characters- Lots of Moves, both old and new.- It's the proper RIVER CITY RANSOM sequel that a lot of us have been waiting almost 2 decades for. WORTHY OF THE NAME.Cons.- Some menus are glitchy, or not responsive right away- Mixing important text information with all the noise that shows up on the bottom of the screen so it's easy to miss something, like what you're supposed to be doing.- The police and the wanted system- Way too easy to get swarmed with cops because of the above system. Break things? Cops. Accidentally hit civilians? Cops.- Able to punch the civilians. Unlike the original game, when you're in a place with lots of shops, you can still be attacked. Maybe after a long while, you'll learn who you can hit, and who you cant. But at first you're probably going to attack/kill everything on the screen. The civilians and the gang members sometimes blend in really well, or they'll get caught in the crossfire and now you've got to run from cops.- Some characters are severely handicapped until you get some of their signature moves. Which will be incredibly frustrating for certain fighters.This was such a surprise to me, being a huge fan of the Kunio-kun games. This would have fit very well on the SNES. Or as an XBLA title.9/10 very good.  10/10 after a few of the weird kinks are ironed out."
,Recommended,422810,30247027,Posted: 28 February,all,bonez light,it gooder den a mug lol
76561198145639140,Recommended,422810,31395492,Posted: 27 April,all,watchmyass,how to host?
,Not Recommended,422810,30308789,Posted: 3 March,all,Devil Man X,"River City Ransom: Underground is not a bad game and maybe one day it could be a great one but right now it's an incredibly sloppy game. Missing or broken content, glitches and bugs, incoherent or nonexistent explanations of moves and mechanics. The basic fighting can feel very good when it's going well but you can have a character that simply doesn't work well until you unlock the most basic attacks. That's also dependent on those attacks actually working as some characters moves simply don't. No matter what my thoughts are right now I do intend on coming back to the game eventually because there is definitely something good here. Right now that ""something good"" is just buried behind alot of broken."
76561198071510927,Not Recommended,422810,30271870,Posted: 1 March,all,dajufreak,"Horrible. Can't even connect another controller to play two player. Doesn't save any of your progress, spent two hours unlocking moves just for them to be erased from my save the day after. Give it a few weeks for them to patch all the bugs before buying."
76561198035414971,Not Recommended,422810,30271160,Posted: 1 March,all,daniel.hooven550,"Seems like a good game but it doesn't save progress, so please don't buy this game. I put in 6 hours into the game and it didn't save anything. Maybe they will fix it but as of right now DO NOT BUY."
76561197978288652,Not Recommended,422810,30518024,Posted: 14 March,all,Krauner,"This game would be fun if they didn't bog it down with the police and chase 'systems'.The former would be fine if the pedestrian AI wasn't so stupid -- but that's something you eventually get used to.The latter is a steaming pile of cow dung that is very close to making me quit playing.  RCR's engine wasn't made for chase scenes, so a facismile of it certainly isn't either.Other than that, the game is a nice facismile of the original.  The only flaw outside of the above mentioned issues is how poorly the game teaches you moves.  They really should have taken a page out of the GBA remake of RCR (or even the slightly inferior Tokyo Rumble on 3DS) no guess work there."
,Not Recommended,422810,30312370,Posted: 4 March,all,Atma!,"Strictly for fans of the original.I'm not going to lie - I enjoyed playing through this game to the end with a friend, but I am a huge RCR/Kunio fan, and a lot of the fun for me was references and nostalgia. It's not that you can't have fun with RCRU, but it has so many unforgiveable problems.It's riddled with bugs that have no place in any release title, let alone one at this price point, the user experience and interface are strictly amateur hour, and some design choices are flat out player-hositle (hiding information from the player about items and moves, the milk quest, etc). That said, the graphical style is very cool, the music is fine and nostalgic, the story is serviceable, and the combo system is fun. It also has online co-op, which I feel like you don't really see enough of, and was a big selling point for me.But, ultimately, you'll likely be so frustrated the first time it eats your save, or you get locked into an infinite combo, or you can't open a menu, or an objective disappears completely - or any of the myriad other problems the game has - that none of that will matter anymore. Instead, you'll ultimately realize that the game is more frustrating than it is fun, and that's a bad, bad verdict for button-mashing brawler.If you love RCR - I'd say go ahead and grab it. For everyone else? Wait for a sale. A BIG sale."
76561198030517777,Recommended,422810,30234477,Posted: 27 February,all,THOR,"I LOVE THE GAME, SO FAR IS JUST BAAARFEECT !! Anyway it should have dinput support, just lucky I own a x360 gamepad.  I would like to use my ps2 gamepad, cuz dpad is way better."
76561198136585497,Recommended,422810,30620501,Posted: 19 March,all,Plutonium_Niborg,So upon seeing this game at first i fell in love as i watched the trailer and remembered the original. It must be mine i said as i purchased and instantly installed without a second thought. Graphics of course a great throw back and the music is perfect. Overall i love what they did much better than the sloppy double dragon remake i played a few years ago. Its perfect with just a few flaws that are slowly starting to grind away my sanity. Starting this game is rough as &^$% you have no moves you need money to buy them and food to increase your stats as you level. but the big issue is if you die you lose about half your money so making 13 bucks to get your attack up so you do more damage is rough depending on your choice of character. I really wanted to play rudy i wanted to pick up meat heads and slam them against the pavement but hes so damn slow i could even give the loc ness monster his tree fitty. literally go to punch a guy he moves back dodges flys back in punches me in the face. try to grab a guy get ahold of him get punched in the back lose my grab get knocked over. This *&^% is brutal as hell. now other characters i can mop the floor with guys for the most part but starting out is extremely bad and i think it will push some of your fans away when they break there control pad and say to hell with this game. sometimes im the street fighter super hero other times i cant even pick up a weapon or a guy without getting 50% of my life getting taken down. im going back in again after a smoke because i cant play as rudy as much as id like hes just too damn slow and some of this needs to be addressed.
76561198086305613,Recommended,422810,30629672,Posted: 19 March,all,marvinf91,"This game is great it recreates the classic nes version very well. With new characters and playstyles adds to replayability,"
76561198082875338,Recommended,422810,30604425,Posted: 18 March,all,SkullyTMcGra,I love this game and it brings me back to the NES days. You dont need a powerful computer to run it. plus the music has that NES tone to it. the Online co-op runs really good. I'm glad they didn't ruin the classic touch to the game and i'm glad they put new fighting styles and more characters to choose from. i dont know why alot of people hate on indie games? it's better then the triple A games these days. This game is worth giving a chance to shine even though it's a indie game. This is the first game i am giving it a positive review because they did a better job on this then Double Dragon 4.
76561198064711683,Recommended,422810,30238693,Posted: 28 February,all,MMMao,"I can't play with my friends through steam, hope to repair as soon as possible"
,Recommended,422810,30238984,Posted: 28 February,all,Zorochi,"love it! nice to play, good controls and great animations on the sprites!glad i backed it on kickstarter many years ago.if you enjoyed scott pilgrim on the consoles before it was removed then grab this now"
76561198043370928,Recommended,422810,30596547,Posted: 18 March,all,Deathfang Hyral,"Seriously one of the best games I've played in a while, I am happy that this is a thing! Seriously recommend this to anyone who loves beat em ups!"
76561198096891763,Recommended,422810,30605747,Posted: 18 March,all,kuma,动作流畅，难度设计不合理
,Recommended,422810,30634398,Posted: 20 March,all,Delin Windsong,Rivercity Randsom:Underground as come back from the 1st two installments from the nes to the super nes. Well keep a new and old look from the restro sytle graphics while keep the same format while adding some new.Large selection of characters to unlock thru the S.torymode and Arena.I don't attention to bugs because 90% were fix within 2-3 weeks of it's Launch since that was most negative thing the game as gotten.The rest is up to person who is playing who likes beat up them with free foaming as well as a leveling system.Great game and I'm re-living my childhood right here from the 1st Rivercity Ransom on the nes.
,Recommended,422810,30629823,Posted: 19 March,all,K-Nas,I've been waiting to play this! The retro style is awesome! And the way it was re-vamped just makes it look amazing!  I'm having a lot of fun!
76561198111946514,Recommended,422810,30434191,Posted: 10 March,all,Pathias,"First off let me say... Amazing!!! A huge thank you to the developers and backers of this title, what a stupendous job!I was a huge fan of the original River City Ransom, and, like many others, always hoped a sequel would be released. Almost 3 decades later we finally have that sequel, and it was worth the wait.Right from the introduction, it truly feels like you are back in River City. The characters are well done, with great new fighting styles. The levels are beautiful and really help to draw you in.The story was well done in my opinion, keeping in mind what the original story was, and flowing right into this one. I enjoyed the new challenges added, they gave the series a new level of difficulty in all the right ways. I also enjoyed the boss fights, they were challenging on the first playthrough, but really fun, and I really liked their moves. Plenty of classic River City fun, with a healthy mix of new, yet somehow familiar material, that holds true to the original style in every way. Solo, Co-Op, Arena... yea it's all here. There are a few bugs, but these can easily be fixed in updates and should not deter you. One bothersome thing was the in-game move lists for all the story characters were either lacking explanation, or just wrong. I have posted a guide on how to correctly do the moves, I hope it helps to take away the only frustrating aspect of the game, although I suppose these could also be updated. The story does get dry towards the end. The main villain is just thrown in, with no back story or legitimate connections. The boss fight is fun and challenging however, and i thoroughly enjoyed the ending. Nice nod to Contra 3, don't think I didn't notice.In conclusion, I highly recommend this game. Whether you are a fan of the original or a newcomer to the series, if you feel like kicking some serious butt and having a blast doing it, this is the game for you.Side Note: If anyone knows where to get an extra Nes cartridge copy of this game, please let me know. I didn't hear about this being in the works until it was to late to help on the kickstart, so I missed out on a copy.By the way Rollingwood Station and Merville Station have there names switched. Still throws me off..."
,Recommended,422810,30346724,Posted: 5 March,all,SilentBugler,"This game is a very fun co-op oriented brawler, but be warned:RCRU is currently balanced for co-op to the point that this hurts its solo potential.One immediate example is that while you always have the option to switch characters, they don't share money or experience. So if you'd like to try out different play styles but hate grinding -- tough luck."
,Recommended,422810,31228336,Posted: 18 April,all,Revenant,- Played orginal as a kid- Intro gave nostalgia feels- Picked boxer- Killed a guy using another guy as a bat which then killed the guy I was using as said bat.- 10/10 would buy again.
76561198016397464,Recommended,422810,30411161,Posted: 9 March,all,BigShaman,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥in' DRUG! :D The graphics, the gameplay, the sound effects and the music are just PERFECT and I think it really nails not only the spirit of the original RCR, but also a typical Nintendo game feeling.Now... I have read some negative reviews of people complaining about the DIFFICULTY of this game and of poor design decision... Really???Ok, you have to grind a bit to get a character powered up, but once you are on a roll you become nearly unstoppable and the game becomes super fun to play. The chasing sequences aren't that hard to pull off and they are limited to 3 in the game. The so discussed MILK mission is super easy as well: run with the milk and when you encounter too many enemies, drop the milk, fight the enemies, get the milk back and use the goddamn SUBWAY\UNDERGROUND :D  Jeez, it ain't THAT hard, it's just OLD SCHOOL.Now for pros and cons:Pros:- The game is a pumped up 8-bit beat em up with everything done right. You can feel really feel the love of the developers here.- The fighting mechanics are awesome, I wish there were more side scrolling beat'em ups with this kinda gameplay- 10 different characters with different skills and combos to pull off- You can eat (inhale! :D)  books, comics, video game cartridges to power up your fighters... Awesome! :D- Various types of enemies, each one with is own behaviour and attacks.- BARF! The enemies text is hilarious! Well done :)- Secrets!Cons:- It's nearly impossible to play online, I hope this will get fixed :)- Some characters start with really low stats, honestly I really don't get it... Jeez, leveling up RUDY is a nightmare!- Difficulty... I literally SUCK at fighting games, but still I find this one easy. I'd turn it up a notch, and I'd explain to players what is the difference between HARD and NEW GAME + since it seems that they are IDENTICAL. I didn't try Fungondo mode yet but I feel that with a 40 lvl character is gonna be pretty easy.Overall this is a 8/10 game for me. It has a great feeling, if the developers keep updating it and filling it with the mod support then the sky is the limit."
,Recommended,422810,30251644,Posted: 28 February,all,PunchButton,Best Worldstar Simulator ever.
76561198046580718,Recommended,422810,30236130,Posted: 28 February,all,Jenoh,"Never really played any beat em up or fighting games, but this one would be the reason why I get into them."
76561197977148029,Recommended,422810,30232444,Posted: 27 February,all,baker,"An amazing tribute to the original, a true labor of love... Well worth the wait for long time RCR and Beat 'em up fans."
76561198051708784,Recommended,422810,30233142,Posted: 27 February,all,Chopin Flambo (Elad),what can I say other than this everything I've been waiting these last three years for. I wished for a long time that scott pilgrim vs the world the game would find its way on steam and now we got this which is just amazing.Conatus Creative Inc.... you guys (and gals) delivered.
,Recommended,422810,30232400,Posted: 27 February,all,La Cucaracha La Cucaracha,Wow just wow.  This game is a lot of fun to play on the couch with friends.  Me and my roomate recently were impressed and happy with Double Dragon 4 but this game blows my expectations away.  I highly recommend this if you grew up on the original like myself and have some buddies to play with or even play solo.  It's a blast from the past with some new upgrades.  Enjoy my friends.
76561197989594687,Recommended,422810,30233768,Posted: 27 February,all,EpicShippai,Great revival of a classic!
76561197985469005,Recommended,422810,30232866,Posted: 27 February,all,Ichi,perfect!
76561198020819252,Recommended,422810,30233322,Posted: 27 February,all,CreamOfSoap,"Fun game, I like it."
,Recommended,422810,30233967,Posted: 27 February,all,..................,"As a modernized version of the original NES classic it seems to deliver on most every front and even improve on the original, more so than any other ""classic sequel"" in recent memory."
,Recommended,422810,30233968,Posted: 27 February,all,TRIPLE-SICKS`,"So so good.Feels like the original RCR but much deeper. Varied Fighting styles among the starting characters (havent gotten any of the extra ones yet besides alex and ryan).Controls are tight and  resopnsive, only tough part is the various ""mario style"" jumps.The graphics are spot on, retro looking but very polished. animations are wonderful.The music is catchy, not as retro as you might think. Lots of my old favorite RCR tunes redone.9/10. If I let my nostalgia talk 11/10.If you loved the original and are on the fence I promise the nailed it to the core, eating sodas and the plates your food comes on, its all here and its wonderful. i may rank it higher or lower after more gameplay, but for now 9/10 feels right."
76561197985679061,Recommended,422810,30232720,Posted: 27 February,all,angstseed,"Quick review from the short time I've played so far:Love this true-to-the-original (in spirit at least) sequel to one of the best couch co-op brawlers in the history of videogames.  (Actually it was a series but I believe only 1 came out in the US, renamed RCR)Anyway, the action is exactly how I remember it.  Cute, funny, and addictive.My only criticism so far is that, when playing with 4 random strangers online, we had no way of communicating with each other.  There isn't a voice option, and there doesn't seem to be a way to type to each other.   However, jumping into a game with other players was easy.  Also, and this is perhaps bigger, we were sort of ""stuck"" in the highschool for the duration of time we played.  We unlocked a wrestler looking fellow and a chubby stoner grappler, then cops showed up to beat us down. But there was no notification of what we had to do.  We just wandered aimlessly from room to room, defeating enemies and clearing floors, then doing it again.  Then eventually just running from everyone and trying to go to rooms we hadn't been to.  It was frustrating and I wish the game provided some kind of simple indication of where we needed to go to progress, or a counter of how many enemies that needed defeating.Overall, I would probably still be playing right now but I had to start making dinner.  Super fun, especially if you have some couch buddies or friends on steam with mics.   You can collect cash and level up, save to unlock moves, unlock new characters (and there appear to be A TON).. it's an SD Brawler throwback that's not to be missed."
76561198287662574,Recommended,422810,32194954,Posted: 5 June,all,5thSoulsOmen,This is a great game for those who like an rpg style beat'em up. If you have the patience to level up the character of your choice and grind then this game is for you.
,Recommended,422810,35058456,Posted: 18 September,all,SQUAiR,"-Big Inhale- (LONG review incoming)PLEASE READ, HERE ARE THINGS YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW!Following the story of River City Ransom (1989), with the participation of secondary characters such as Roxy & newest made ones, I can see this game is on all it's bravery a jewel on it's genre.The controls are a little confusing at the start, but you learn to understand them in a trice, such as Grab, Kick, Punch, Cancel an option of any menu, proceed to some actions, etc.The game soundtrack it's all beautiful, very similar to the River City Ransom themes, which is appreciable cause reminds me of my childhood in certain moments.Beating The Twins it's the first mission in order to proceed, playing as the young Ryan or Alex, which is basically the start of a brand new game since it was the ending mission on the original based game, giving to the game a thousand of possibilities to discover with the companion of Ryan & Alex while you play with one of the four principal start characters.The combat mode it's the same of River City Ransom and Technos Samurai, legends of the Beat em' up genre, which makes easier to play for peoples who have a little of understanding on fighting games.About the items and movements, people says it's confusing cause it doesn't tell you what is the function of each one, but... wasn't the same in River City Ransom?I think that's not a problem at all, unless it's the first time of you playing a game like this, despite that it's a great amount of new items which most of them doesn't need explanation.The character designing it's just beautiful, using 8-bit sprites which most of characters aren't just recolours like in River City Ransom, making the game more enjoyable.there are some 16-bit sprites too. Amazing, isn't it?The world map it's bigger than the one of River City Ransom, where you gotta explore everything in order to succeed with the missions, making the game less monotonous.There's something I really liked it and attracted my attention to it, was the idea of having Hideouts, places to save the game. You can also have your own house, even with cats. Yup, fighting game with slightly dark story with kitties playing around your carpet.Worth every ♥♥♥♥ing centAbout the gangs, I remember not enjoying at all the design of all them, cause it was just recoloring and the faces were the same. We are talking about 1989 game, so it's fair.I'm personally impressed with ""The Warlocks"". I haven't seen such thing in Technos Samurai or River City Ransom.There were no gangs with paranormal powers, and such creepy design.Again, loved the graphics of gameI couldn't laugh more with The Roids. Seriously. But that's kinda offtopic.Anyhow, becareful of not hitting civilians, otherwise police it's coming for you until you defeat all of them which is not easy, so be careful.I've failed missions because of them, losing a not negligible quantity of timeEnjoying the combos, which are pretty hard to perform, just like in the other two games. I do not complain.You can also play with other peoples in it's online mode, to complete missions and these kind of things which are funny to do in companion.Hitting everything you see moving (and living)IN CONCLUSIONGame is full enjoyable, totally worth all the money spent on it, just playing it for 5 hours and loving it forever.My dream has become true, complete online beat em' up Kunio-Kun game.Give it a try, I'm sure you will like it, and it's not that hard to understand most of things, so wouldn't be hard for you to complete some missions.I loved the game with all my heart n' childhood on it. Thank you Conatus!"
,Recommended,422810,32914549,Posted: 27 June,all,jonathan3.1415,10/10 would shower with friends to boost stats again!
,Not Recommended,422810,30431161,Posted: 10 March,all,ParaDo[x],"After hours of angry screaming at my monitor I'll have to say this: ""DO NOT BUY IT""I loved the NES version of RCR and I've waited for this game for 4 years and I've declined every negative review I've seen on this page since the release but after finishing the story I have to tell you that now I see how unfinished and rushed this game is.The PROS:- The combat is nice mid-game- The artstyle is great, feels very retro in a modern way (if it makes sense)- The controls are responsive and feels good- The map is pretty big and is filled with weapons, peoples and other things- Some missions are great (The beggining in school and the merv tower)The CONS:- The combat is trash in the beggining, few moves and more enemies than you can handle- The grind for money in the beggining sucks, you'll be spending 2 to 4 hours only grinding to get some basic moves to be able to do combos- The AI mid-to-end-game is cheap and sucks big time, all of them are just trying to outnumber you and get behind you to attack as soon as you turn your back to them, also they block 90% of all your attacks, specials or not.- The boss fights are useless, you expect a tough boss to struggle with and all you get is a moron with the same health as a normal enemy, 2 specials and he's gone.- The milk mission (before the last update) was pure garbage, 18 tries, 18 ♥♥♥♥ing TRIES to get it done.- Some missions are poorly explained, especially the ones in Act 2 and 3- BUGS, not many but when you encounter one you're ♥♥♥♥ed, especialy with the save system or in combat after you hold a combo on someone somethimes you may be dragged at the end of the screen causing you to go to the next area and this means you have to go back and beat the enemies again (is very frustrating in the end-game)- The last boss just SUCKS, you have to do only one thing, jump, hit in the face, repeat, that's all, no strategy, no moves to learn, no dodging. But there's a catch, if you fail and you get hit by the fence of fire afterwards, you will lose no matter what because he will spam a burst of 3 ♥♥♥♥ing balls of energy over you forever until you are DEAD and there is no recovery time in this game, no no no, this game is not that advanced to have that.With this list I end my review and I tell you again that this game is not worth the money for the anger you get from it and the moments that makes you say ""How the ♥♥♥♥ did this end up in the game ? Did they play it before release ?""."
76561197970918619,Not Recommended,422810,30326448,Posted: 4 March,all,Tristessa,"I bought it, returned it shortly thereafter. Only my second return ever.It's a buggy disorganized mess. The combat is more fluid and fun in the original.The art style looks great, and I was so excited to play this, but even Double Dragon IV with it's flaws is better."
76561197996888258,Not Recommended,422810,30356321,Posted: 6 March,all,Sushiheaven,"I thought the game worth the wait, but it got tedious as it slapped me in the face with the milk quest."
76561198071338911,Not Recommended,422810,30255403,Posted: 28 February,all,archdjl1693,"I gotta say, I really wanna like this game, I know there is something special here. But the game is criminally unbalanced, even just on story mode. It might not even be based on the difficulty techincially, it could just be left up to very poor design choices. Overwhelming enemies on single player alone, citizen that when damaged causes cops to appear (which can be reset when entering a hideout, but hey they aren't always near you when you need it), enemies that back away from you constantly and you have to have play cat and mouse just to catch them while other enemies take swings at you, long committed animations for wiffing grabble attempts which leave you painfully wide open, disgusting amount of time eatting pavement when knocked to the ground vulnerable for cheap hits from enemies, the list goes on. I know keeping the old school charm is a must, and it does beautifully might I add, but it should only of been aestheticlly, as the old gameplay that is clunky and unintuitive is no good anymore. And I'm not saying the money grind, or the amount of money that it takes to buy abilities, or when dying means losing half your money, those are fine to a point, but when really bad decisions get mixed in with these you get a very flawed and messy experience. There are challenging games, punishing games, by intentional, rational design, i.e Bloodborne, Bayonetta, Devil May Cry, etc. Those games have their own flaws but have overall challenge based around skill and learning the game, while River City Ransom: Underground is challenging and punsihing in an unrewarding way based on bad design. Hopefully, they will patch and rebalance the game if they can, which I hope they do, even balancing a couple of the issues listed would make for a better experience, but until then, buy at your own risk for a varied experience. If your an avid RCR fan, you should know what to expect to a certain degree, otherwise read up and be wary."
76561198072238576,Not Recommended,422810,30538968,Posted: 16 March,all,Skornsoul,"See that up there? That video of characters just TEARING through bad guys and turning them into pocket change? See those guys on multiplayer just bouncing around and calamity happening as someone juggles ALL TEH THINGS!!!!? See that video? Watch it closely. Its all a lie.Firstly Id like to say that Im a huge River City Ransom fan all the way back to Nintendo. This game has good qualities. The art is nice and the animation is wonderful. There are nods to the original formula here but not in an intrusive way to where you wont ""get it"" if youre not a fan. There are some nifty surprises in here as well. Cool little easter egg art and places to see pretty backgrounds. The developers are working, at this time, on fixing the games problem areas. It is a fun game. Id come back once the issues are fixed. Dont get me wrong. The game was fun for a time and when it works its wonderful, unfortunately what youll also find is a semi broken and unfinished mess. Drink in that pretty art!I guess Ill begin with the meat and potatoes of the game. Its really the main relevance since everything else is negligible to some degree. When you start a toon youre missing moves. Theyve attempted to correct this and in doing so seem to have removed throw damage...good luck, grappler types. So here is how the game works in a nutshell. You hit people in the face and they turn into spare change. However you have to buy moves, basic moves sometimes, to get to do better combos. There are guides for moves that are seemingly broken and requirements for each move you get. Sometimes you buy a move and try, try, try, to get it to work, unknown to you that its the end part of a 3 hit combo and you cant do it until you have the 2nd hit in the combo. The in game guide is worthless as sometimes it displays the wrong command prompt and most times just will not work due to you not understanding the use and timing.Enemy A.I. is frustrating to the point of being easier to ACTUALLY go out and fight a gang of people. Ever played Double Dragon 3 the Rosetta Stone? Well welcome back friend. The computer will seemingly input read your controller commands and the longer you play, the farther you get will do so to greater and greater accuracy until youre trying in vain just to get a hit off on any of the some 5-10 baddies on the screen. Seriously. I wasnt kidding when saying that video up there is mostly false advertisement at this point, with what Ive witnessed. You eventually get to a point where you pick up weapons and hurl them at a baddie just to see a group...no Im not even kidding a bit, a whole group, jump, in unison, over the object or attack youve just thrown. Use a special and they will go from blocking to just literally stepping just inside or outside of yer hit box and you miss, however they connect a hit every time. There are charge times to most moves that are interrupted by the overly fast and completely accurate computer players. Their moves, by comparison, are almost instantaneous and will almost always hit with almost no discernable warning.  The special moves you do just dont hit. Most of the time during the later chapters of the game its just you, swinging on like 5 people, all of which are blocking, and dodging everything you dish out. The only way to really fight is to kind of trick the A.I. by walking around and hitting them as they approach yer hit area or jump onto a trashcan and attack as they jump. The A.I. will do its best to gang up on you and just hit you in the back as much as possible.So you basically....no, literally end up standing on a dumpster next to a spa in a part of town, and kick dudes that jump up to fight you. Most of my game experience has been standing on that damned dumpster and just kicking people. Wanna use a grappler character? There is another issue. Grabbing. You attempt a grab and mostly the computer just walks away, at full speed, backwards as you run to grab them. Grab and miss, there is a 2-3 second penalty where you just stand there looking like an idiot and the computer? You guessed it, pops you in the face...a lot. Actually grab someone? Sweet....do you have a move for that? If not you cant do anything with the enemy grabbed and you stand there while....a computer baddie hits you in the face, breaks up the grab and reinforces the knowledge that youve wasted yer money.You can check the forums about the frustrating fighting for even more details. Ive been flat out told by a dev, who I wont name, because I dont like to call people out publicly unless your name is Dean Hall, Ive been straight told that enemy A.I. is not working as intended. Will they fix it? Who knows. Will it matter? Doubt it at this point. There are other problems which need to be discussed. Lets move onto them. Boss fights. There are almost none. In fact there are a few that are ""good"" if you let the boss actually atack you. There are chase missions where you should have boss fights. Ill get to that crate of bull$#1t in a minute. The bosses are weaksauce. Some are interesting in animation and do some cool things but theyre incredibly easy.Some of the cooler boss fight set-ups are in fact chase sequences..........holy....crap. Theyre terribly thought out, buggy, and just stupid. Theyre either slap happy easy or frustrating to the point of breaking a toaster near you, from rage inducing randomness. For instance the character Tex. He runs  through a sewer area and sometimes he jumps to his death. Has nothing to do with you its just...well.....stupid programming. Then there are chases that bug out and dialouge on screen after a chase or a boss fight thats interrupted by people beating the crap out of you while youre trying to read the text as its spoken.Lets move on to the characters. I loved Rudy. I play usually as the bigger, slower, guys because theyre fun to me. By about 2/3 of the way through the game you will no longer be able to physically touch the overly perfect ninja computer players unless you use some real trickery. Look at that video of Rudy, just tearing through like 4 dudes at a time! Yeah. No. In the actual game its a lot more like ""RUDY! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING!? Grab that guy GRAB HIM!!! FOR THE LOVE OF PETE JUST LET ME HIT SOMETHING!!!!"" but that doesnt happen. In most cases youll just swing, get blocked, get hit in a counter, attempt to grab, miss, and be hit again, then rage and spam yer special, the computer will walk backwards, youll miss and be hit after.....rinse and repeat. Mention this on the forums and be met with the resounding cry of ""Git gud noob"" or ""Uze FAzter Chakter! Herdee herp a derp"" Basically.....there are people that will literally come in here to my review and tell me Im no good because I think frustration is not fun and I dont like the A.I. being overly defensive to the point that you almost rage quit after fighting a wave of dudes that just beat you half to death.Lets move on. My fingers are starting to hurt. Platforming. What the hell is jumping on platforms, overly small and sensitive platforms sometimes, doing in a beat-em-up? Its confounding frustrating trying to jump on the logs in one part its frustratingto fall in a river when you get too close by accident. Moving on. Jumping in this game sucks.Missions are not explained well. You go to the mission giver and the explanation of what to do are vague at best. ""Go here and good luck!"" Then you go to a place and its like a mystery of what the heck to do. Hell, the first time you see Tex you think yer in for a fight but in fact thats the first running mission you have. Getting him to appear? You beat the baddies in that area....how do you know to do that? You dont. Frustration prompted me to just beat the crap out of the gang members in the area where hes supposed to be at.Lets finish this journey. Put the nail in the coffin, so to speak. The achievements are borked. A lot of achievements just do not work. Theyre vague and buggy."
,Recommended,422810,30386329,Posted: 7 March,all,BD_Fire,"Pros• Something, something• Blah blah blah• RCRCons• This, that• Bugs, Milk, and things10/10 would blah blah blah again"
,Not Recommended,422810,30298619,Posted: 3 March,all,☠ HATCHET ☠,Can't recommend it in it's current state. I like playing it but the game crashes on me every few minutes and I can't F4 or ctrl+alt+del back to Windows so I have to do a hard restart everytime just to use my computer again. It crashes on me every single time I have played. Good times.
76561198116707297,Not Recommended,422810,30289395,Posted: 2 March,all,pook99,"I am not having any fun with this game.  I know that 80 minutes is not near enough to get a grasp on this game but I don't want to go past the point where I cant get a refund.The simple fact is that if this game was not River City Ransom I would have refunded this without a second thought.  As I meandered about desperately trying to have fun, it occured to me that if not for the nostalgia, I would have refunded this turd right away.Combat feels clunky, maybe this changes as more moves are unlocked, but the enemies don't drop tons of money and you lose half of the money you have upon death.  This makes the game feel incredibly grindy, and I have always been of the opinion that a game that requires grinding is a poorly designed game, especially if that game is a beat em up.  If the combat was fun, grinding may not be an issue but based on your early move sets, combat is not fun at all.You get a punch and a kick(no combos to start), a dash move, a jumpkick, and a grapple.  Each screen typically has mobs of about 5 enemies and fighting them with such a limited moveset grows tiresome very quickly.  Then you have moronic gimmicks like the cop system.  If you accidentally punch a NPC then you become wanted by the cops and have to do something boring to get rid of your wanted status(ie; return to your hideout, hide in a dumpster etc).  This feature did not come into play much because it is pretty easy to not hit the NPC's but it is a bad feature and has the potential to be annoying as the game progresses.The level up system is prob the dumbest I have ever seen, when you level up your character does not actually get stronger.  Instead your potential max stats increase and you have to eat food to actually increase your base stat.So for example, you start with a strenght stat of 15/15, when you level up that will increase to 15/16 with 16 being the potential max stat, but your character does not actualy get stronger, instead you need to eat food to increase your stat to 16/16 and every couple of points you will notice an actual stat increase (dmg for example).  This just adds to the grindy feel of this game.I have been anxiously awaiting this game for years and words cannot express how disappointed I am to have hated it as much as I did.  I would love to give the game another hour or 2 to see if it grows on me but I do not feel it is worth the money."
76561198006302043,Not Recommended,422810,30299677,Posted: 3 March,all,Hybridial,"Disappointing, Don't bother. Not the same feel as with NES."
,Not Recommended,422810,30244719,Posted: 28 February,all,Kay K Kay,"like many have pointed out too many bugs, tutorial boxes are tied to the punch button so you end up skipping a ton of information that you cant access later. speaking of the punch button, thats how the buttons are labeled, so those unfamiliar with the old school arcade machine buttons will be confused as hell. not sure if a bug but some moves just dont work, the breakdancer has a jump and kick button attack but nothing happens. again this feels like an early access game and for that i will not recommend it. no it doesnt matter if its a triple A company or an indie company, we gotta have some standards about our games and they should be well made if you are gonna ask for such price at this state of the game. Fix the game, doa total overhaul and i will change my review till then, its a no from me which is a shame."
,Not Recommended,422810,30536224,Posted: 15 March,all,transce,"I wanted to like this game.  I'm a die-hard RCR fan, just beat it for umpteenth time a few months ago on a real NES on an actual CRT TV in one sitting with my friend.  It was epic.  Then came RCR Ex, wow!  So much to do, so much to find.  I built so many characters from other games and media in that game with looks and moves that would be thematically appropriate.  That game is amazing, it might just be the greatest beat-em-up ever created.  On the surface, it's a prettier RCR, but once you unlock everything you can create characters with custom looks and customized movesets that add so much replayability.  If you haven't played that game, dooo it!Anyway, on to RCR:U, as I said, I came into this hyped and ready to punch things.  But my enthusiasm was quickly bled dry.  Having multiple characters to choose from is great but they all feel crippled out of the gate.  All of them need to be upgraded multiple times at the dojo and it's not cheap.  And that's on top of the money you'll need to spend improve your stats and heal.  But it's worse because now you have to grind with half your move set locked, meaning you can't fight effectively, meaning more frustration and more time grinding.  Now, add in the pedestrians who blindly walk right into your attacks while you're getting mobbed by the AI, which brings out the cops, which means you have to run and hide, further extending the amount of time you're doing non-fun things instead of making progress.The original was grindy but it was basically a beat-em-up RPG and grinding was just what you did in JRPGs at the time, we accepted it as a small side-effect of creating a breakthrough genre-bending game.  But today almost every game genre encorporates RPG elements, that's no longer an acceptable reason for grindy gameplay.  The other thing is, what made RCR tolerable was that the base game play was enjoyable.  But here the grinding is boring and frustrating.  The AI is obnoxious, they're fast, they swarm you, and they constantly hit you with cheap shots.  You're hamstringed by incomplete move sets, idiotic pedestrians, and psychotic cops.  You never get a second's respite, even in town / malls, the enemies are still there, they're constantly buzzing around you like angry bees.  It feels like you're constantly being pestered, it's annoying.Anyway, save your money.  If you're looking to relive a retro beat-em-up experience in a brand new way, go get Mother Russia Bleeds, a game that is the spiritual successor to Streets of Rage in every way possible.  You could almost call it Streets of Rage ""4"" on drugs.  :)"
76561197997837152,Not Recommended,422810,30291174,Posted: 3 March,all,judgeinjury,"Such a missed opportunity.The original River City was one of my first NES games. I bought it new as a kid with saved allowance and played it with middle school friends and family members many, many times to completion over the years. It was unlike anything we all had ever seen, an RPG/Beat 'em up with some strategy and even a little locker room humor, in a setting right out of the the book the ""The Outsiders"" which is/was huge at that point in your life as a kid. I cannot overstate how much I love this game and have followed it for years, playing imports and even fan translations of the other games in the series.And that's why this game is just so incredibly DISAPPOINTING...Unfortunately I think the flaws are more design than play balance, which means there is not going to be any type of magic patch that fixes this one. This game is fatally flawed and a total bust for me and it seems a lot of other players. How could this have been done so poorly???Example: You start the game confused almost immediately due to tutorial messages that cancel with the punch button(!) in a fighting game. I must have punched the first boss for ten minutes doing no damage at all due to him being invulnerable except to special attacks, even starting over thinking it was bugged. Nope, just poor design and no player direction. This is less than 30 seconds into the game. You begin the game so weak, and spend so much time on the ground, you will assume your controller is not working correctly.As the game progresses, you are joined with other main characters that give such brief and poor explanations as to what is actually going on, you aren't sure if they are now your enemies or trying to help you or what. This is compounded by the fact that they can and do injure you (and kill you) repeatedly, even if you don't attack them or do so accidentally. I had no idea if I was to join them, follow them, attack them... It felt like I had been dropped in a random save state or that perhaps the game was glitching the story presentation. Nope, just bad design. Even the map is confusing and poorly explained!Add to this that my character was listed as a luchadore and starts out with ZERO grappling moves. You are a wrestler with a dedicated grapple button, and cannot do a single wrestling move until you buy one from a vendor to learn. WHAT? Again, I thought it was bugged but that is how it was intentionally designed. Who play tested this???There are a lot of nods to 80's properties (DeLoreans in traffic, Akira motorbike in the shop, etc) that are appropriate to the era, but other touches like modern indy game characters lurking in the background or graffiti that is too new school in appearance is totally jarring and hurts the rest of the theme. The original characters are in it, but they look so drastically different (imo) they might as well be entirely new. I guess the music is well done, and the sprites look nice?Honestly the only positive thing this game has going for it is that it will remind you of the much better original, which is vastly superior in every way despite being more simplistic and almost 30 years old.RCR:U is grindy, confusing, unfair, cheap, has art styles that clash drastically (nothing was in ""Chibi"" style on the NES version, but the cut scenes and menu screens here are, and it is just so stylistically WEIRD looking), possesses a button layout for my NES30 that crashes the game in a repeatable error, has an unnecessary GTA wanted style mechanic that is not explained and poorly implemented, and much, much, MUCH more. Bottom line, If this was not attached to the original property the word of mouth would have killed it day one.I would have much rather this game never came out than to do so and be as unplayable of a mess as this."
76561197996177607,Not Recommended,422810,34087566,Posted: 7 August,all,Passghost,"I got one night of fun out it before I realized this game was broken. I waited eagerly for updates, and was only met with more confusion as updates progressed.  It's a cheap mp romp, but you'll quickly find yourself and your friends chasing tail wondering to yourself just how you got so far into this unfinished mess.  Everything about this game screams cool, but it needs some serious help if they ever want to capture this small untapped part of the market they've rejuvinated.  It kills me to give a thumbs down, and I hope one day I see a big splash on the front page touting their humongus fix update heavily petting those that supported them early."
,Recommended,422810,31964201,Posted: 25 May,all,Adultery,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,422810,32077421,Posted: 30 May,all,Slackaerobics,This game is decieving in that it seems like its going to be a short fun romp down nostalgia road but is really a challenging lengthy grind of an action RPG. Great co-op as well!
,Recommended,422810,30347937,Posted: 5 March,all,DayBroNa,"Chuck Greene and Frank West in his Little Mac outfit head to the streets to kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the Power Rangers with recurring characters, Old Fonz and Pat from Super Best Friends Play."
,Recommended,422810,30355667,Posted: 6 March,all,2DWizard,"This game scratches that beat 'em up itch so good. People may cry about how tough and grindy it is, but that's exactly the way the original game was. It may have some bugs here and there, but the devs are releasing a steady stream of patches to correct those bugs. This game really shines when played with at least 1 friend and the friendly fire option turned on.Overall, well worth the purchase, even at full price."
76561197960953604,Recommended,422810,30349747,Posted: 5 March,all,MoNoXiDe,Fun game for sure.
,Recommended,422810,30367419,Posted: 6 March,all,ZombiePlasticClock,"Some minor bugs from a likely rushed released, the game is swiftly getting better with each patch the devs release.While Double Dragon 4 feels more like ""Double Dragon: Another One"", this is a River City sequel made with love. Making plenty of homages to the original while putting it's own creative spin on things, and much deeper game mechanics. This isn't just nostalgia bait for people pining for the NES days of gaming, it's one of the best beat-em-up games released in recent history."
76561198173615807,Recommended,422810,31999297,Posted: 27 May,all,Billy Badass,best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198273140506,Recommended,422810,32002272,Posted: 27 May,all,Elycia Kreiger,"*whistles*SO we have been waiting for a sequel to River City Ransom.  This is it.  The best part is, Alex and Ryan are BACK!  The old ways of leveling up and learning new techniques are back, as well as improving your favorite fighter.  Not only that, each fighter is now different from each other.  Even Alex is Different from Ryan.The downside is that there IS a bit of a grind to it, plus there are ultimate techniques to buy, and worse, when you get those ultimate techniques, they're more of desparation moves than ultimate technique, and any sort of fighter that can heal themselves will not let them get themselves that far down in health, so it's likely you'll never use the ultimate techniques.But, there are also hidden techniques in the game....but you have to find them.  Good luck finding them.If you like beat'em up games....you should get this.  If you DON'T like beat 'em up games.....get this game.  You will not regret it."
,Recommended,422810,30236481,Posted: 28 February,all,War Painter,"Great game so far directly after the tutorial, but alt tabbing sometimes crashes the game. Only real complaint so far. Absolutely mad fun, if difficult (but hey, I expect that from a game that claims the RCR name), and I'm sure to miss many sleep hours in the coming year thanks to this."
,Recommended,422810,33173987,Posted: 3 July,all,Eris!,Barf/10
,Recommended,422810,30424103,Posted: 10 March,all,SupaSaru,"Great!Much thanks for the Linux/SteamOS version, too!"
76561197981236056,Recommended,422810,30381206,Posted: 7 March,all,Altus Dusk,Wicked stuff.
,Recommended,422810,30232393,Posted: 27 February,all,DioCyde,"Just buy it, it'll be fixed soon."
,Recommended,422810,30240765,Posted: 28 February,all,2Kings,It'sa mastapiece!
,Recommended,422810,30233167,Posted: 27 February,all,CinderSlash,"Only been at it for about an hour and god damn am I in love. Worth the wait, worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,422810,30233073,Posted: 27 February,all,Good Kitty,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥nuff said.
76561197974280669,Not Recommended,422810,30235766,Posted: 27 February,all,Chris Dragon,"Problem has been resolved, adding a full review now:Brawlers, my one true video game vice and weakness.  I am an absolute sucker for this long dead genre. When I found out about this one, it was well past it's KS backer faze, and given that I don't like backing Kickstarters (Personal opinion, I buy products, not promises) I was going to wait until it was done anyway.  I tried to convince myself to hold off, at least a month.But given that it's a beloved remake/sequel of a game genre and game I absolutely loved when I was younger, this was a day one purchase for me,However, I have a few question about the game decisions in RCRU.  Like, why do smashing enemies into each other with the various finishers or throws do no damage but knock them down?  You'd think that having a grown kid thrown at you hard enough to knock you down would hurt.  (Actually, it does.  To clarify, it's not that actually impact, it's the way you hit the ground, and how your body involuntary bends.  Yes, personal, anecdotal experience.)This section is: Redeacted.  (It took a few levels, but the levels are starting to change visibly.)Speaking of Grabs, which also links to issue no. 1, why does missing one have such a long cool down if they're not as effective at room clearing as they might otherwise should be?And finally, why doesn't every character have a ground pound?  Why is it something you have to purchase at different level tiers?  (Doesn't help that Provies is busted, or if there's another prereq, like Alex's Roundhouse needing Crescent Kick first, before it triggers, the game doesn't say.)Speaking of being unclear, can we get a listing as to what the stats do?  I've figured out Strength, Stamina, Willpower, Special and Weapon, but other than that, no clue as to what the others mean or help with,  Also, corrected tooltips would be nice.There are good things about this game though.  I love the 'hidden' combo system, for example.  Some of the moves can be chained into others.  Alex has a couple I've found, which need certain skills unlocked/purchased but that's part of the fun.The first I found needs to have Crescent Kick and Roundhouse, but if you hit Kick, Punch, Kick, Kick, you do a four hit chain as opposed to the basic three hit combo.  If you have Running K.O. unlocked, and hit Kick, Punch, Punch you finish off  with a standing version of the K.O.  Those are just two, there are a few more that I've found for the beginner six characters so far.  Which I'm pretty sure there many more to find.The presentation is fine, the graphics are bright, popping, but without too much visual clutter.  The animations are smooth and feel impacting other than the odd throw design decision.The audio is a bit hit and miss, though.  Some sounds are much louder than others, like Bruno's Poison Mist, or some of the Bomber Gang's attacks, which creates a loud spike whenever they go off.  Normalizing is all it needs though.I like this game, and I'm sad I can't give it a better score in my head.  I give it a 6/10.  (With 5 being dead average, playable but not memorable.)  A fun brawler, that doesn't feel quite finished just yet."
76561198070455842,Not Recommended,422810,30275403,Posted: 2 March,all,Voodoom,xboxone controller unsupported...
76561198037340979,Not Recommended,422810,30290683,Posted: 2 March,all,sendem_to_me,"To all those complaining about the hard grind and making money too slowly, don't forget that it was inspired by the original river city where you do just that. I for one love the formula of RCR games.I love the characters, animations, music, and art style.That said, after all that grinding, THE GAME DOES NOT SAVE PROGRESS.Therefore, in it's current state, which seems like an alpha build for many reasons, is not really playable. This from the guys who delayed this game over and over. I hate to say it, but they maybe should've delayed it one last time to finish it.So disappointing."
,Not Recommended,422810,30295568,Posted: 3 March,all,Lupin,"Game is a hot mess of untested gameplay mechanics and extremely bad quest design, maybe it will be fixed in a month or so but right now its a game to test your patience.This should have been released as early access not as a full game, best part is you won't get into the truly bad gameplay designs untill well over 2 hours into the game so no refund."
76561197983921584,Not Recommended,422810,30274759,Posted: 2 March,all,horrible statue,This game is not complete.  The still screens shown in the advertisement are not an accurate representation of the awful and sloppy take on what was once a decent franchise.  This is just lazy and its another cash grab from a no-show developer who never puts out patches for any of the awful games that they put out.  Im really surprised this got marked as being complete because its a buggy mess.  The controls are awful and they cant even be changed.  I recuested a refund immediately.  These guys need to learn some basic programming skillls and to keep their grubby little hands off of great franchises. This is a total con.I never have written a review before but after refunding this I was so angry with seeing the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ worthless junk being put out by these con artists that I had enough.  Im going to do everthing I can to stop these goofs from making any more money off of hardworking people who dont deserrve to be taken advantage of by slugs lilke this.
76561197979800354,Recommended,422810,30235391,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr. Bungle,BARF!!!
,Not Recommended,422810,30249169,Posted: 28 February,all,Puddles,So I do enjoy the game play as it is but there is a lot of bugs that need to be fixed.Pros:Fighting mechanics are smooth and funDialogue and other game referencesCons:Specific bugs are character select and world map do not work properly gotta reselect it MANY times in hope that it will workWalls glitch out when punched into them occasionallyPersonal issue for me is for Paul  5-6 of my moves just say to use the punch button and nothing else including skills I've bought. Don't get me wrong I like having to find new moves but when you give someone the option to buy skills you should be a little more clear on the execution of the skill.Still kinda like the game but definitely needs to be worked on
,Not Recommended,422810,30310918,Posted: 4 March,all,Dodecahedron Pizza Time,"One of the major issues is you'll notice up front is that this game loves inadequately explaining anything to you. The game is infuriating for new players to get into, feeling like it was designed to experienced testers standards instead.What few tutorial messages that do pop up, there's going to be a good chance you're in a middle of a fight and you'll just mash the prompt away and you'll never see it again.Once you get some cash you'll do one of two things.Buy Moves:Moves that aren't explained to you in the Dojo. Moves that aren't properly explained in the move list. A good chunk of these moves are variations on your basic combos (So you can Punch, Punch, Kick now.) so it feels like a waste of your money and time getting that cash.Othertimes you get a Not High Enough Level message when trying to learn a move but it won't tell you what level you need to be.Once you get a good set under your belt it evens out, it's just that it's stuck behind a few hours of frustrating grinding for a new player.Buy Food:Eventually you'll feel under powered even though it flashes on the screen that you're leveling up and you're buying moves.What you need to figure out then is you need buy items to actually increase those stats and that leveling up just increases the Max cap for the stats. The system isn't bad but again it's not explained to you.Buying items is terribly slow, only displaying one line.  Even on the fastest text setting you still have to wade through:-You Bought Food. Pause.-Funny Text About food. Pause.-Stat Y went up by AMOUNT. Pause.-Stat Y is Maxed Out. Pause.-Stat X went up.Etc.Skipping the text doesn't skip the line, it skips the entire thing so you have to sit and stare through it again.The game doesn't track what stats that item actually increased either. This isn't the NES days, are you trying to sell game guides? The Community Pages thankfully already have a guide up on what items increase what but again there's no reason to be forced to have this open all the time when the game could just tell you.A few more sucker punches too. There's a bunch of gimmick items in stores. Again the issue is the game doesn't tell you what they are. The Comic store that has extremely useful stat-gaining items has this one alluring expensive item. Being the most expensive item in the store it must be even better?You buy it and nothing happens, it takes your money but it doesn't appear in your Inventory. You try to buy it again but it tells you that you already have it. Did it glitch out? Did you accidentally skip the text? No. What you wasted your starter-money on was a poster for one of your hideouts.Healing:Mostly a New player problem. You can only heal through store items, leveling up or a refill by dying (and losing half your cash). You just don't have the cash flow to constantly stop to get items when starting, but you don't want to die and lose your money because you need it for moves/stats.The Quests:Variety is fine, it's how they've been implemented. You have the simple RCR classic 'Beat up the grunts and the Boss appears' ones.Later you get a 'Chase this people down and hit them' quests, they'll sprint through the screen and you just have to whack them once to stop them. But they move almost as fast as you do. And you still have to contend with all the grunts. Plus the platforming they want you to do. They give you three of these quests in a row, having to fend off the grunts as they give their spiel one line at a line.Eventually you get to the Milk bottle quest:You need to carry, over your head, which slows your movement, a bottle of milk through at least 7 screens without getting hit or running into something even once. If you get hit once it will break and you need to try it again. You can place the bottle down but it's still fragile and a single hit will break it, you can also easily get hit while placing it down or picking it up. A beaker thrown from the Nerds, bats from the Necroemokids, a grunt hitting you as you put it down, a respawning grunt hitting you as you go to pick it up, the instant sudden diving attack from a Luchador or Bomber, or just getting hit as you walk into the next screen. There's a boss fight right at the end too once you get right infront of the door of the delivery place.Later on you have to fight through a rather long and tough gauntlet with tough grunts. Hope you stocked up on healing items because you if die you have to go through it all again, all 7+ screens of them.The Combat:But in the end the combat must be fight right? Just beating guys up and using your moves and all that? Yes. The combat is fun once you get all your moves and you know how to use them. The animation is pretty great overall. The controls are responsive and it never feels like it ate your inputs.But starting the game you'll notice something, you figure it will get better as you learn but it really doesn't. Through the entire game, a large chunk of the grunts kite you.Constantly.They'll back away from you the same speed you walk at them.They'll expertly jump/back out/block your strike/grab when they're right in your face then punish you back right away.Wait for you to finish your combo for them to instantly punch you back in the face. Or even better you'll just plain outright strike you in the middle of a combo anyway.Back out of strike range by a few pixels then dash in to punch you in the face.Later in the later they'll Block more and more. So not only are constantly trying to chase them down but when you finally get them they're Blocking. When you try to Grab them or chip down their Block, another enemy will punch you in the back of the head. Turn to attack the ambusher? The first guy will stop kiting/blocking to hit you. You might have a back-attack move but that doesn't stop the front grunt from Blocking/Cheap shotting you.The easiest way to play through mid/end game is to stand in one place, hold Block and let them come to you, tap them a few times then just Block again. You can actually kite the kiting enemy into attacking by quickly letting go of Block then holding it again since there's a good chance they'll attack the split-second you let go of it.It's slow and boring.There's a bunch of other smaller problems too, the Police system is irritating and at the current time the Over-Internet Multiplayer is busted."
,Recommended,422810,30233423,Posted: 27 February,all,wholehole,BARF!
,Not Recommended,422810,30236301,Posted: 28 February,all,fr33k,too buggy to recommend quite yet but it will be great with some more polish
,Not Recommended,422810,30240242,Posted: 28 February,all,Red Damsel,"It's just okay for the price.-Lots of grinding-Not very hard by any means.-Combat is clunky and slow for the first several hours.-Money has no purpose beyond combat upgrades-The Milk MissionIt doesn't try to set itself apart from the source. It's just a game that is River City Ransom to a fault. Text is a chore, nothing beyond combat when you have so many interesting set-pieces that could have provided some sort of mini-game to break up the constant fighting.I'm 10 or so hours in and the game hasn't changed for the better. If you get knocked down, you're going to stay on the ground for 2+ seconds, you never learn any passives that provide quality of life improvements, it's all just more moves you'll never know if you're using or not because the movelist is so barebones.So much more could have been done with the game and it wasn't.But it's cheap. So why not?"
76561197984918230,Not Recommended,422810,31004009,Posted: 7 April,all,Monty! (Don't Slut Shame Me!),GAMES NOT READY AND WONT RUN ON WINDOWS 10 YET READ THE FORUMS!
,Not Recommended,422810,34299866,Posted: 16 August,all,CrowbarsForBears,"these chase ""bosses"" need to be removed end of story. its not fun. the games is already fustrating but these chase parts are awful and killed it for me. since i cant get a refund i hope they are updated with actulal fights. hell a lot needs to be updated here."
76561197972662678,Not Recommended,422810,31158521,Posted: 15 April,all,Gibbrons Main Man Extraordinair,"as much as i like this game its a cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥of a ♥♥♥♥♥ that thinks being tedious and annoying is nostalgic , its night and day cycle i a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥idea litterly there is no way you can progress time you just have to wait in real time for stores to open in the day . none of the vending machines work you always have to grind to get money like a stripper , ♥♥♥♥ this broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i hope the people that made this game get beaten in a♥♥♥♥♥♥stained alley ....."
76561197992311732,Recommended,422810,32677025,Posted: 23 June,all,Orad,very smooth fun game
76561198369086470,Not Recommended,422810,30266817,Posted: 1 March,all,ArnoldTheLegend,"As someone who loves the original river city ransom and the majority of Kunio-Kun the game itself is actually really fun. The combat feels great the variety is there, some are saying its to grindy, not really compared to monsterhunter the grind is non existant.THEN COMES THE MILK DELIVERY PART!I'VE NEVER SEEN SUCH A HORRID, AWFUL, POINTLESS, FUN-LEECHING OBJECTIVE IN ANY GAME EVER!Basicly you have to carry a glass jar of milk from one end of town to the other seems Simple but...NOT ONLY IS IT CLEARLY JUST PADDING TO ARTIFICIALLY LENGTHEN THE GAME ITS BASICLY IMPOSSIBLE YOU CANNOT FIGHT WHILE CARRYING THE MILK, IF YOU TAKE A SINGLE HIT YOU BREAK IT AND HAVE TO RUN ALL THE WAY BACK ACCROSS THE ENTIRE CITY TO TRY AGAIN! THERES A 7/10 CHANCE DURING A SCREEN TRANSISTION THAT SOME PRICK WILL HAVE HIS FOOT IN YOUR BALLS BEFORE YOU EVEN HAVE A CHANCE TO REACT ESPECIALLY ON THE F*CKING SUBWAYS! A SLOT MACHINE BARRED THE COMPLETION OF ANY OBJECTIVE SHOULD NEVER BE BASED PURELY ON THE WHIMS OF RNGESUS!!!By the time i completed this objective any and all desire to continue playing the game was done. Its unfathomable to me that this part of the game ever made it through beta i'ts simply a vexatious nightmare that completely and utterly ruins an otherwise fun game.Would i recomend this game?Not unless the milk delivery part was removed entirely and whichever developer thought to include it was executed for warcrimes!Final Score1/10"
76561198005511562,Not Recommended,422810,30243087,Posted: 28 February,all,Drumpf sucks,"Annoying bugs n this game.  I lost my save in online multiplayer.*Edit:  Also the controls in option are confusing.  No xbox controller buttons like A, B, X, Y, Instead it shows me J, K, P for moves."
,Not Recommended,422810,30307322,Posted: 3 March,all,Lycanthropic Paranoia,"What a let down. Waited all this time. The game feels aimless. You fight till you die and loose your money only to fight again and not know where to go or what to do. That about sums it up. The characters always feel as if they are struggling when fighting. Sure you need to level up and buy moves. But its such a struggle. And those bloody cops! Not good! They destroy the gameplay and suck the fun right out of it. The original for NES was sweet and to the point, no messing around. On a positive note, the graphics and audio are great."
76561198122658447,Recommended,422810,30234856,Posted: 27 February,all,Kalven,"HashTag, Love It!"
76561198056035141,Not Recommended,422810,30248673,Posted: 28 February,all,Moon,"Got a refund for this game since at the moment the multiplayer is just not working. It has trouble finding games. The most I games ever shown was one public game. One. The Server List option was greyed out every time. Friends-only games showed up but gave a time out error when trying to connect, despite portforwarding, firewall-disabling etc. LAN option did not find any games at all. Considering that all the other MP games I have worked (even if some took some effort and tweeks), yeah, total case for refund."
76561198387627535,Not Recommended,422810,31712963,Posted: 12 May,all,twomaniak,unplayable after 5 min i lag
76561198010375826,Not Recommended,422810,30309062,Posted: 3 March,all,Dogemeat,So ♥♥♥♥in' MILK
,Not Recommended,422810,30545494,Posted: 16 March,all,Kintoun,"Multiplayer has serious functional bugs. And the game design is incredibly outdated. No idea where to go, what to do, what food does, how to get skills, why cops show up, what causes news flashes, etc. I wanted RCR refreshed for 2017, not RCR with less polish than original from 1980s."
76561197976733573,Recommended,422810,30232611,Posted: 27 February,all,Billy Zane,BARF!
,Not Recommended,422810,33362252,Posted: 7 July,all,Yung Lyun,"If you have any love for the original RCR do NOT buy this game.  That iconic boss battle Music you hear in this game's trailers, NOT included in game!Pros: More characters, more fighting moves, cool finishing moves, classic beat'em up style game play.Cons: Hours of grinding to earn money, Hours of grinding to use money to buy moves, Hours of grinding with moves you don't want just to grind more for moves you do want. GRINDING!!!Shops don't tell you what items provide before you buy them; you spend all that hard earned money on things you don't want because they're not labeled.GRINDING!!! trust me, if you're tired of seeing the word grinding you do not want to play this game.All those cool moves they displayed in the trailer, HOLY F***ING S**T you will have to fight about 2000 minions before you get those moves.  I love prove but her grind path is insane.The minions drop so little money. Fight 10 guys for $1.50 (the entire group NOT per minion) and they beat $400.00 worth of health out of you. Five foot steps later, start all over again.Troll city is the multiplayer. Players can stop you from progressing just by refusing to leave a room AND the game has no vote to kick option for a group nor for the person who created the game.This game reminds me of the worst Pay To Win mobile game you can find.  Not because they have micro transactions (not yet) but because they are laying the ground work for them and it's painful to see this behavior entering the realm of PC."
76561198142110379,Recommended,422810,32881036,Posted: 27 June,all,willbo,just like old times
76561198191163071,Not Recommended,422810,32862816,Posted: 27 June,all,bent_spoons,"controller issues, every other game i have downloaded via steam has been spot on, this has not, pretty shoddy in this day and age"
,Not Recommended,422810,30235073,Posted: 27 February,all,KasperKen,I loved the first game. But this thing sucks♥♥♥♥♥ It started off fun as me and my friends struggled through and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other. But it's not fun walking into an area and getting insta tackled before dying. over and over and over and over again. Not to mention the cheap counter attacks where they just spam through your attacks.Should I also point out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥control setup. It took us like 20 minutes to figure out how to set the controls up. Smace forward? Enter Back.. which does nothing. escape is enter... which also does nothing outside the menu system where it is back...I bought this because the first one was amazing. It was my childhood. Then the trailer for it showed amazing compat with specials and juggling. Somithng that doesn't really happen.. or atleast isn't explained well here. Maybe you have to buy them. Which is fine. But it doesn't do you any good if you die every time you get 2 dollars.Final issue is the damage from teamates needs to be scaled back. Getting hit from your teamates is half the fun. I shouldn't have to turn off freindly fire to make the game playable because you lose half your health every hit.
76561198101463187,Not Recommended,422810,31005415,Posted: 7 April,all,delphi_ote,"Pointless, endless grind to get anywhere. The combat system isn't fun."
,Recommended,422810,30350065,Posted: 5 March,all,K2Gamer Channel,ด้วยความเป็น คุนิโอะ คิดว่า นักเล่นเกมรุ่นเก่า ยังไงซะก็เล่นละนะส่วนตัว เก็บเวลนานนะ แต่ คุนิโอะ นี่ เล่นยังไงก็สนุกตัวละครที่เพิ่มเข้ามา เพิ่มท่าต่างๆ ทำให้รู้สึกเล่นได้หลายรอบแต่คนที่จะซื้อตอนนี้ ให้รอสักพักก่อนนะ มีบั๊ค เซฟเกมแบบเล่นหลายคน ยังไม่ได้เนอะตามนั้นซื้อ เกม ดี ชอบ ราคาไม่แพง
,Not Recommended,422810,31640709,Posted: 8 May,all,alkazar,It was just plain boring.
,Not Recommended,422810,30235218,Posted: 27 February,all,BaitHero,"Refunded my copy... This thing is a mess. Confusing as all hell, Terrible menus, sloppy combo system (and move list). The game does not tell you what the stuff you buy do, including special moves. Its amazing this took as long as it did to come out. Not to mention it was beta tested... This is a no."
76561198057306578,Not Recommended,422810,30977867,Posted: 6 April,all,Storm Du {GGG},"This game has some big stupid glitches, ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID, THE ♥♥♥♥ING COPS WON'T STOP THROWING SMOKE BOMBS TILL YOU DIE, I WAS FIGHTING 2 SMOKE BOMB COPS, ALL THEY DO WAS KEEP THROWING THAT STUPID SMOKE BOMBS TO  ME, AND I HAD TO JUST SIT AND WAIT IN FRONT OF THE SCREEN TILL MY CHARACTER DIED, I HOPE THE CREATORS OF THIS GAME IS HAPPY ABOUT THIS STUPID GLITCH, SERIOUSLY GO JUMP INTO A ♥♥♥♥ING RIVER AND DIE, AND THE ENEMY NPCS ALWAYS KNOW WHAT DIRECTIION YOU ARE RUNNING TO, THAT'S CHEATING, ♥♥♥♥ING DUMB♥♥♥♥♥♥ STUPID GAME, IF YOU CANNOT MAKE A GAME WITHOUT STUPID GLITCH, THEN DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING PUT IT ON STEAM, IDIOTS."
76561198016291424,Not Recommended,422810,30270867,Posted: 1 March,all,Liquid_Disease,"How do you mess up River City Ransom?I thought it was impossible but it was done.In 1988, the game was perfect except it was on the NES and it lacked a bit of power to make the game really enjoyable.  30 years later, we have the technology but apparently, that's it.Pros :The style's spot on.That's it.Cons :Get me out of the ♥♥♥♥ing schoolWhy are we stuck in the schoolGod damn schoolCan't figure out where to go most of the timeControls are circonvoluted, too many combinationsStuck in the schoolNo way to know where to doDid I say being stuck in the school sucks♥♥♥♥♥Impossible to figure out where to goThe original game was fun because it was easy to navigate, it was action packed and the whole RPG side of it was fun even if basic.  This game has levels, you gain them once in a while, not sure what they do, found ONE vending machine, no bookstore, no Texas boots, nothing.I don't know.  This game I've been waiting for ages but now that I have it, it's empty.They had the perfect recipe 30 years ago, why change it?Sure, more playable characters and different fighting styles is fun but what's the point if you can't get out of the god damned school???"
76561198004121262,Not Recommended,422810,30244771,Posted: 28 February,all,Grim,Full controller support my♥♥♥♥♥Tutorial shows the wrong keyboard inputs.BG!
76561198014194683,Recommended,422810,30232166,Posted: 27 February,all,d3adf1sh,"even though i spilled beer on my brand new ps3 controller that i use as xbox contr. thru motionjoy local, and i can't play anymore tonight,  so far i am impressed.  this is game is gonna be a blast, well done.. Conatus"
,Not Recommended,422810,30250619,Posted: 28 February,all,DragonLight,"Awarded best ""Laying on ground for most of the time simulator 2017"", I love the original but this one has plenty of flaws the original never had."
76561198060850918,Not Recommended,422810,30266809,Posted: 1 March,all,Art-Official,♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198039261122,Not Recommended,422810,30249202,Posted: 28 February,all,Zeddler,"~Got so excited that i bought it the first time i got into this game's page. The trailer is a lie, the combos are the simple repeating of the same animetion, except for when you press R1 (ps4 controller), than it makes the special move, and for some reason it doesn't combo with P and S."
76561198120284678,Not Recommended,422810,30233638,Posted: 27 February,all,Sammytheman,"3 / 10I didn't like it, but it's the game with the feeling that you know someone somewhere loves it, like my older friend. If you didnt lived with the original game, it probably won't feel good, just like for me. Altough, with the 2 hours for a refund with Steam, maybe later I would have loved it, but I won't take my chances with my money...But being more technicals : bad controls if you don't have a controller, a lot isn't showed in the tutorial, some characters feels useless (some do 2 damage, some 7 with the same move), and I hate the menu that you have to navigate like you didn't set your emulator right before playing."
,Recommended,422810,30232012,Posted: 27 February,all,Wolvaroo,Barf!
76561198039804670,Not Recommended,422810,30238033,Posted: 28 February,all,QueenOfDeathAus,"Played this as local co-op with my girlfriend. We spent what felt like maybe 30 minutes in game.We have the option of ""friendly fire"" off so we dont damage each other, and we are continually hitting each other. When we throw weapons and enemies around, they hit ourselves and when we are grappling the enemies and uppercutting them, if we are too close to each other then we end up uppercutting the other person and knocking them down.Giving this an unfortunate thumbs down until this gets fixed. We have 'friendly fire' off - so we dont expect this♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen."
,Not Recommended,422810,33374172,Posted: 8 July,all,alexshots,"i am a traditional Nintendo NES fan from the good old era around year 1992, i strongly do not want to touch this game after hours of playing. i really want to use my bad words onto the developer team from Conatus Creative.looks like the dev guys know less about Japanese Technos company, and the game gives me a bad feeling: it ruins many pieces of good virtue that Technos Corp. once built within Nekketsu series games.(i mean single-player part) . personally i don't treat this game as a Nekketsu formal successor of the traditional Nekketsu action games on NES. why i say so, go play this game, and get some feeling about ""what a Nekketsu action RPG goes like"": Technos Samurai Downtown Special (NES/Famicom, Technos, 1991, Japanese). and compare it to this game, you will understand what i am talking about. i also recommend guys to play this game for more feelings about original Nekketsu action games: <Nekketsu Kakutou Densetsu/Hot Blooded Fighting Legend> on NES, 1992, Japan, Technos Corp..the new game abandons the advantages that a Nekketsu action game should have. i really don't know what are ""Arc System Works"" guys doing, they are damaging Nekketsu brand.(i once trusted Arc System Works, due to their ""Guilty Gear"" series, pretty good, but this time. too bad.)i once dreamed about the game would reproduce the greater work that Technos Corp. never reached. but now i find myself a fxxxxxx idiot to trust ""Arc System Works"" and Conatus Creative.i dislike the big change of the game style, due to dislike, so Not Recommend. i was a fan of the Technos Japan games. and after year 1993, i had been expecting a sort of formal continuity of the original Nekketsu action games or action RPGs, but after years of waiting, i finally found this game, i was quite unsatisfied, and felt very disappointed. that is all. when i firstly viewed the trailer video of the game, i actually once had pretty high expectation, but after i really playing it, oh ... no... that was not what i expected. and i felt a little bit ""cheated"" somewhat. maybe i shouldn't expect a licensed game so much. this is my fault.in the year 1993,1994, i was in my elementary school, grade 4 or so, Technos Japan's Nekketsu games once gave me a lot of nice pieces of memories. especially when i could have some fun time away from those years of book studying and heavy homework.(well, in China, for a '80s guy, elementary school was really bad experience.). and in those old era, due to scarcity and poverty, peeps seldom found nice fighting action games with smooth actions and low difficulty, especially on NES system, but Nekketsu brand game is one of them, easy to triggered alacrity skills, short learning curve, one beat them all, fancy and diverse skills, plus team skills triggered by 2 guys at the same time, fast and smooth combos, acceptable AI companion fighting along with you, most core gameplay fighting skills freely giving you or cost you quite less at the very beginning part of the game,(including that kunio-kun's specialty triple-sonic-kick hits ^_^) and 1st character/default character you can choose is the most powerful one and the ""most easy to use"" one, from the beginning to the finale, a lot of knocking down skills, so if enemy is very strong, just frequently knock him down. to be honest, i once played them a lot, recite all the hidden details and maps/levels. these nice features from the old Nekketsu games all leave a good memory.Unfortunately that, due to NES hardware function limitation, only at the same time, 4 guys on screen, can't be more(otherwise the system would be greatly slowed down, and rendering would be glitchy). so i thought this game would be much better, due to Technos Japan once built the series great, and nowadays both hardware and software have a big leap advancement compared to those in year 1991~1993.but now, i really dislike this new ""Nekketsu"" game, the new flavor. in my old memories, Nekketsu brand games are NEVER hard to win games(single player part, story mode), but RCR:U the game, it is too hard for me, i have xbox360 controller, especially the begining part of the game. i like this series, so i don't want to cheat/use trainer programs on it(actually i can, my suggestion is: due to the game has skill limitation with SP bar, if player controlled characters, their base damage level TIMES 7~10x, enemy money drop TIMES 5x, i think that is reasonable, it is too hard, now. grinding/farming wastes lots of time, and no fun. or, maybe add a casual/relaxing difficulty for the story, that would be better). but maybe this is one good thing, this game completely ends my nostalgia dreams around Nekketsu legends."
,Recommended,422810,30245219,Posted: 28 February,all,rokku,"A nice revival of the classic NES game. There is a lot to enjoy here, but the game itself has some poor design choices that hold it back.+ It's River City Ransom! It took a long time but finally we got a game that actually feels like a real sequel (I know there are some Japanese Kunio-kun games that came after the original, but none of them felt like an actual sequel as much as this does)+ Great pixel art that keep it true to the classic art style of the NES games, while upgrading the animation. I seriously want to give my special mention to the lead animator Bannon Rudis for amazing job with this.+ Many playable characters, each with unique move set+ Deeper fighting system than many other beat em ups, there are tons of moves and you can do impressive combos. This is one of the best fighting systems ever in a beat 'em up game, in my opinion!+ Full of nostalgia for the fans, starting from the very first minute!+ Has co-op and online play (I personally have not yet had the chance to try them but I hear the netcode is excellent)+ The developers have been talking about a mod support coming later and how the fans can make their own characters. The details aren't clear yet, but this sounds great.- Your characters start with very small amount of moves. To get more moves, you need to buy them, but you'll need both exp (levels) and money to do so. It means that the fighting can get very boring at the start when there is no variety and you can't really pull off any cool combos until much later. Also it will be very difficult to fight even the easiest enemies because you'll always be outnumbered and weak at the start. On the other hand, fighting the mooks may even get TOO easy after you get one special that you can spam.- There is a move list where you can see what moves your character knows. The list is currently broken and literally has completely wrong information for many moves. I have to wonder why the heck these instructions went this wrong in the first place. It literally asks you to press punch when the actual move requires you to press kick button, weird. Needs to be fixed ASAP.- Navigating the city can get confusing. There is a map, but it's not very useful when moving around.- There are many enemies to fight IN EVERY SCREEN that is not a shop or a hideout. At least in the original game, the malls were neutral zones that had no enemies, giving you a chance to relax for a while and focus on shopping. But not here, you are always chased by like at least 5+ enemies and it might just get exhausting, as you are constantly outnumbered!- I felt that the music is somewhat forgettable. I was also expecting to hear some remixes of the music from the original game.. but there are none.- There are some features that I don't like, such as the wanted system. Many areas have civilians running around and you can easily accidentally punch them and then you'll get a wanted level, this is pretty much useless and frustrating feature in my opinion. There's also a day/night system that I see really no purpose for.- There are a few scenes where you'll need to chase an enemy who is running away. It's not just disappointing that there is no boss fight, the chase itself can get frustrating because you need to be very quick or they'll get away, forcing you to restart the mission.- I'm personally not a fan of the new character's designs- I don't know if it's just me, but I felt that some characters simply have better move sets than others? I felt that Rudy, for example, has a very bad combo ability when compared to some others.- The story, which was just bad and disappointing for me. This game's story takes place 25 years after the events of the original, but it's never really justified why (other than that it mirrors the real life difference between the two game releases). There are some familiar characters that return but their roles are often very disappointing, so don't expect too much!- There are bugs, some that may even be game breaking------------------------------------------------------------------------This game took a long time to develop, and I can see that it was a big undertaking for a small team, and considering that, they still did an impressive job. But I can't but feel that they focused on some wrong things.Even with some problems holding it back, this game is a fun and addictive beat em up for everyone who likes the genre. And if you are like me, someone who loved the original River City Ransom back in the days, this game is worth buying!I really hope that the devs read the feedback from the fans, and at least try to fix some of these most common problems. There is a super fun game buried under some bad design choices."
,Recommended,422810,30494955,Posted: 13 March,all,GTecHKeN,"classic, remixed"
,Recommended,422810,30500050,Posted: 13 March,all,Obadiah the Slim,"The game has it's flaws, but otherwise it's a solid throw back to the old 8-bit beat um ups."
76561198012944118,Recommended,422810,30507946,Posted: 14 March,all,BubblesUSMC,"THE NOSTALGIA! I LOVES IT!I simply love this game.  Its the classic RCR which I played so much with my little brother that we had to get a second NES cartridge because we wore out the orignal one.  This has JUST enough modern twist!  The frusteration of losing your money, making that ONE mistake that causes you to get thrown down a hole... all of these things take me back to when video games were unforgiving, and made you work for it.If you ever enjoyed the River City Ransom as a kid, then this is for you.  You might get teary eyed with all the little kick backs to the past.  If you werent old enough to play RCR as a kid... then welcome to just a slight taste of what we had to deal with in early gaming systems, trying to figure out why bosses dont spawn or randomly getting into the wrong area and getting BARF'ed by a random mob.Great job RCR:U!!!  <3 u guys!"
,Recommended,422810,30274194,Posted: 2 March,all,Pascal Leroux,"As of today, myriad issues that made this game difficult to recommend have been patched thanks to the hard work and dedication of the team that created it. The fact that the developers care enough to go through their product, fix problems and provide improvements earns this title my recommendation.Not only that but this game eclipses the RCR of old and delivers an improved and evolved version of the genre complete with amazing artwork, seamless netcode and a much more layered combat system that goes beyond pressing a button until the enemy stops blocking. Anyone who's a fan of beat-em-ups should definitely pick this one up especially if they have people to play with."
,Recommended,422810,30894207,Posted: 1 April,all,attac,Trailer's right: The game of all time.
,Recommended,422810,30238379,Posted: 28 February,all,HowDoUAim,"Summary- A solid mix of RPG and beat-em-up. If you're expecting the feel of the original River City Ransom, you might be initially put off by certain aspects of this game. Once you get used to the controls however, and get a few levels on your first character, you start to see what this game is all about. If you like River City Ransom, Scott Pilgrim vs The World The Game, or other beat-em-ups like Castle Crashers, this game is definitely worth a look. Also Abobo is the school principal.ProsNew characters, new fighting styles to have fun with.More in-depth fighting system, many new additions in the moveset department.The visuals are amazing. It feels like an improved and expanded River City.The music, while not as memorable as the original, still fits the game well.Various ways to play. Want to avoid trolls, or beat up the the guy who keeps stealing your coins? Turn on/off friendly fire. Want to fight your friends with no interference? Try arena mode.Grindy in a good way. Most games with RPG elements require you to grind and build up your character, but not many make it as fun as this.Various multiplayer options: you can play online, hotseat, co-op, or versus.ConsBare minimum moves at the beginning. While this helps lend to the sense of progression as you earn combos and stronger moves, it makes starting out very rough.For online multiplayer, only the host's progress is saved. You can bring characters from your own save, but any stats, levels, or moves gained while not hosting will be lost.I've seen reviews where people are experiencing issues with controller functionality. While I've had zero issues with my Xbox 360 wired controller, I had to add this as a warning to those who may use other types of controllers.The chase missions become a bit tedious.All in all, this game definitely has a few rough edges. If you can look past those, however, I think you will enjoy this game and what it has to offer."
76561198013910827,Recommended,422810,30904168,Posted: 2 April,all,RendorBot,Excellent overall. Everything I hoped it would be with many surprises. So far I've played for about 3 hours total.The multiplayer over Steam network is awesome. I'm able to play with my sister across town like when we played the original NES version as kids across the living room ;-)The game has a few bugs and it took a while to figure out what to go after clearing the bridge of enemies. But these are small complaints relative to the richness and nostalgia of this game.
76561197970640770,Recommended,422810,30917406,Posted: 3 April,all,dletourn,"I am a big RCR fan, as well as a Kunio & Riki fan in general.  This game right here... it way way way more than I could have hoped for.  Its really excellent.  The gameplay is more complicated than the original, but not overcomplicated.  It plays very smoothly, with new moves being easy to string into combos.  This sequel is even better than Scott Pilgrim, which was basically a spiritual successor to RCR.Honestly this game is amazing... I am basically speechless."
,Recommended,422810,30447079,Posted: 11 March,all,Bretly,"Great game, enjoyed it from start to finish!!!"
76561197976462958,Recommended,422810,30780003,Posted: 27 March,all,YMIHere,"A beat 'em up with some RPG elements. Level up to increase the maximum potential of your character, then eat food, CDs, comic books, etc to bring that potential about. Special moves and combo additions work the same way, except you don't seem to eat them. Great game."
,Not Recommended,422810,30234147,Posted: 27 February,all,UnluckyNinja,"It's the too heavy death penalty, too slow farming curve that prevent players from enjoy the game,  not to mention the countless annoying bugs.If you are an old fan of the original game River City Ransom and related titles, don't be afraid to try it. At least it can sure bring you some sweet memories.If not, I bet you have got better choices."
,Recommended,422810,33091383,Posted: 1 July,all,[ISIG] Rachidemon,"This Is What I'm Talking About!Good old Classic 2D Beat um up Game at it's Absolute FinestOther Reboots of older Games were made differently compared to this Beast of a Game and failed Miserably whether it be Missing Hit Detections or moves that just seem too weak to matter...With this game (Especially with a Controller) This game Trumps where all the other Reboots of classic Titles have failed miserablyFrom the Fluid hit detection to the Smooth transition through Combo's Depite it being a Button Mashing Classic...It just Feels good to Pound the Crap out of PeopleAdding the Civilian Factor and Police Retaliatory Fights are also a Nice touch that gives this game an Extra Spike of Difficulty and presents a bit of a Reference to another Crime Ridden Open World Game From another ""Rockstar"" Of a Game DeveloperThis game has a Clear 10/10Easy to get Used toDifficulty is just right - Firm but Fair (Except if Ambushed by Cops in Single Player, don't hit Civilians... you will regret it...)Animation is Smoothhit Detection and Combo Delivery is top notchSpecial moves make it a lot more fun to playMultiple Character Roster and up to 4 Player Local and Online Multiplayer with the Option to Remove Friendly Fire."
76561198076242577,Recommended,422810,33012855,Posted: 29 June,all,driftwood3,good game. dont recommend playing with keyboard though.
,Recommended,422810,33067155,Posted: 30 June,all,Alabaster,"I LOVE this game.  It has flaws but it is so miuch fun, especially with friends.  There's more strategy involved than you might expect with a brawler but once you figure it out, you're golden."
,Recommended,422810,33058808,Posted: 30 June,all,DorianRaker,"Not to date myself or anything, but I /LOVED/ River City Ransom on the NES. People would prattle about Metroid and Castlevania and Mario, but the NES was basically my conduit to River City and a legion of ""BARF""-ing opponents just waiting to have their lunch-money stolen.Imagine my surprise when I find a gloriously faithful and yet oh-so-improved version kicking around Steam.This game is like coming home. The core gameplay loop is basically unchanged. The story is still a gleefully flimsy excuse to beat down legions of goons. The city still feels like a dumping ground for melee weapons for purposes of same. But now there's a new cast of unlockable characters to step up beside Ryan and Alex.So in short? An old-school brawler with a sweet RPG system laid overtop, a roster of cool unlockables, and a fresh coat of paint. What are you waiting for? If you played the original RCR or the old Double Dragon titles, or hell, even Battletoads, this one's take-no-prisoners beat-em up action will scratch an old itch that you've probably dismissed as a dull, nostalgic ache."
76561198081760058,Recommended,422810,33024159,Posted: 29 June,all,Gamec0re,"This game is alright if you like beat em ups with pixel graphics reminiscent of the games of old.  There are a lot of things that could be improved however.  The move list is ambiguous and some moves seem to not really exist despite having unlocked them and showing up in the list.  Other moves have seemingly no use at all. Some characters get stuck when picked up by NPCs, under certain conditions,  which if you're playing alone means you have to exit the game and lose your progress.   There's a LOT of grinding if you want to unlock all the moves and stats with every character.   I waited for this game for a long time and I think I hyped it up in my mind and left myself open for this game to fall short.   I'll still give it the thumbs up because I had fun while playing it but I have to say, if there was a neutral option, that's what I'd give this game.  If you're thinking of buying this, wait for a sale.  5/10"
76561198115839860,Recommended,422810,33030813,Posted: 30 June,all,Jimmy the Squid,"This game is fantastic. True faithful sequal. Most of the complaints about the game are that its too much like the NES game (being vague, having to grind etc) least you 2017 gamers are lucky and its got a map.. I think thats a good thing though, I think something is lost in a game that explains everything for you and holds you hand."
,Recommended,422810,33022772,Posted: 29 June,all,soloflight521,Game is cool .. but it keeps crashing ...
,Recommended,422810,33055300,Posted: 30 June,all,|=rank_|3anister,"Awesome Like River City Ransom for the NES but with Online multi-player, and expansive zones!"
,Recommended,422810,33334489,Posted: 6 July,all,Daywana,"Old school memories, controls were a little hard to get used to but I enjoy this old time classic from the pass and I love the enw twist on this version"
,Recommended,422810,30720367,Posted: 24 March,all,mmm!5NATCH,"Its a winner. I'm a massive fan of Street Gangs (River City Ransom in other parts of the world)  when I was younger. (Still have the cart) I think the best way to sum it up is if you were a fan of classic beat up games of the Retro Era. You will be fond of this title. It maintains the style of game play however they've thrown in a whole bunch of modern gaming elements which obviously could not be accessible 20 something years ago.You can unlock several characters, each with their own unique moves sets. Beat up some fools on the street and you earn money. You'll need to grind a bit on the income department because while cash is used for items like books, food and even cats... Dunno what they do yet. You'll need money to buy new moves for your character. Other catch is you wont be able to access those moves unless you have reached a level to unlock them.This just means you'll be spending a lot of game time in the streets beating up a lot of thugs so if you remember stuff like Double dragon, Streets of Rage and various other classic titles of the same genre, You probably love the idea of being swarmed by baddies and kickin'♥♥♥♥♥ Best new feature however is you can share the pain with Four other players.On the couch, via lan or over steam.Controls are fairly simple to use, Punch, Kick, Grab, Jump, Special moves and I'm loving the block button feature.The AI provides a fair challenge. You'll be picked off a few times and get frustrated here and there but play smart and you'll last longer and keep your cash.  Some characters will unlock better moves later on in their development so grinding with them is harder at first. Other characters will need some investment in stats before they become effective in combat.I havent tried the Arena mode yet, so I cannot make a comment on that.Awesome 8bit soundtrack which is similar to the style of Street Gangs, that classic rockabillty tune when cruising the streets or A dramatic tune against a boss shows up. You'll feel like the 90s gaming never left us.Its an open world roamer much like the original River City Ransom. Dont have to follow the story line if you dont want to either, you can explore at your pace and explore. Lots of Geekdom references everywhere. See if you can pick out the skins alone for each character and who they are meant to be based on!Try play it with a controller too, Feels good man."
76561198020822205,Recommended,422810,30382977,Posted: 7 March,all,Y'Golonac,"Needs an overhaul to starting character's abilities.Very much a grindfest.Steep learning curve.Lots of good points but more flawed than enjoyable.Steam needs a 'meh' option for recommendation.If forced to choose yes or no (as i am) i have to say no.Edit: To their credit the Dev's have done just that, greatly improving the experience.Now i would recommended for those of you who miss the origina RCR, Double Dragon, FinalFight et al. Review changed to Yes."
,Recommended,422810,30515937,Posted: 14 March,all,Kurokuma,"It's a lot of good, clean fun that takes the old RCR and makes it better... not much else to say as far as that goes.  Same dumb fun as before, with some modernization (attacks have better telegraphing, lots more content in general).  Plus, it has co-op.  My main grievance is that the move list is bad at explaining how to pull off the different techniques.The devs are surprisingly competent -- they've already released five patches that fix many bugs both great and small, setting what I think is an example for other developer teams.It's worth the money."
76561197967324471,Recommended,422810,30519187,Posted: 14 March,all,H.U.N.K,Time to BARRFFF! if you love the old RCR or even a new player who likes beatemup rpgs then you'l love this game im 9hrs in and im still at the first bit its just that fun beating the crap outa people.loads of characters.loads of moves.Loads of shops and secrets.Loads of BARRFFFF.Buy it now!.
,Recommended,422810,30348368,Posted: 5 March,all,龍 Mao,"I think it's fair that I give a reassesment of the game. You can check this picture which is my original review here:https://gyazo.com/c95ed384da53010e94b15c8c207d8015So actually, now that the game has been patched and it's multiplayer isn't a complete mess, it can finally be an enjoyable experience worth playing. Took em long enough! It wasn't the PC side-scrolling beat-em-up I really wanted but it was still a fun experience that while is a good time, still has glaring issues. I found a lot of the gimmicky missions in the game to be aggrevating and not remotely fun. Unlike games like Scott Pilgrim you're not told what stats an item increases which is polarizing given how expensive everything is. It's also never implied how moves worked due to how poorly listed the move list is, and it's not easy to understand how to perform combos with moves you've wasted your life savings on. Bosses are a complete joke but controlling crowd of baddies is a superbly huge pain, especially since your character gets easily tossed around by everything. That's a staple in a lot of these beat-em-ups but the animation for getting knocked down and coming back up is super jank.Actually, a lot of the animations in the game are just plain jank. They don't feel really smooth and give this very bad old Mortal Kombat vibe, given that there's a superb lack of frames in msot attacks. Kind of disappointing since the pixel art is really good. The game's artstyle and levels certainly pop with a lot of style, but when you see it all moves, there really could be more to be desired. It takes inspiration from the inspirations of River City Ransom like Scott Pilgrim and the newer JP River City games, but it chose to retain the stiff animation of the originals rather then trying to go for a more goodfeel kind of experience that I don't even have to play to notice in Scott Pilgrim.also the music (composed by Disasterpiece of Hyper Light Drifter fame) isreally bad. Like it actually is so repetitive it kinda hurts my ears and I choose to default to just better music from my iTunes list (like the hyper light drifter soundtrack).I feel like i'm nitpicking but besides all of that, it's exactly what it is on the description. A fun beat-em-up with online (that finally works) multiplayer, a lot of replayability with tons of characters, moves, and such to go through. It still is a solid single player experience over a multiplayer one but if you're looking for a 4-player beat-em-up that's new and fresh, you've got it!"
76561198043900180,Recommended,422810,30253380,Posted: 28 February,all,GodDang,Nes styled game in both difficulty and graphics.It's a beat'em up with execution based combos.
76561198007096550,Recommended,422810,30265139,Posted: 1 March,all,Gorgoth,"I bought this after hearing 10 seconds of the intro video guitar riff.Definitely worth of 25 years of waiting.However in its current state multiplayer is point to the useless. We did not manage to keep a multiplayer game sync over a single stage.Hopefully the multiplayer is fixed soon in the future patch. Otherwise not worth of full price, as the mojo of River City Ransom is cop-op."
,Recommended,422810,30247782,Posted: 28 February,all,Venks,"I'm so happy with this game, it was well worth the wait. It controls very well and the aesthetics just fit the game so nicely. I really enjoy the all the special attacks and combos you can do in this game. There's so much stuff you can unlock and I've only just begun! This is without a doubt the most diverse and interesting beat-em-up I've ever played. And here I thought Castle Crashers was the genre's brightest gem, not anymore!"
76561198009331989,Recommended,422810,30242421,Posted: 28 February,all,boats n' hoes,"Recommended with a few words of caution:  Controls are bizzare to the point of appearing buggy.  The moves really aren't explained properly at all in the moves list.  Some moves like the jump kick on a few characters doesn't seem to work at all...maybe I just can't figure them out though.  Also, it took me awhile how to get local co-op to work (in the game setup menu, you have to scroll the cursor down to the ready button at center bottom...just keep pressing down, it will magically fly down there).  It doesn't look like there's any way to join a game in progress.  There's a few other sloppy things you'll notice in the menu.Alot of potential, just needs polish.  This is really more like a beta release."
,Recommended,422810,30253564,Posted: 28 February,all,Xaeius,I RKO'ed a cop on a SWAT Van
76561197960872524,Recommended,422810,30254503,Posted: 28 February,all,TievX0r,"In my opinion, a great sequal to a game franchise & gameplay style that rarely gets its due.I grew up playing River City Ransom & Super Dodge Ball.There are bugs, however I don't see them due to the nostalgia, or put up with them because i Love this franchise.The Tutorial Immediately takes me back to River CIty & is a great way to introduce you to some back story.**Or remind you of how things were back in the day.The game feels like it is targeted at a specific audience. I bought this for a co-worker and even from the start our play styles were different. He managed to miss parts of the tutorial (Healing Items), where as I experience it fully with no problem. I tend to explore every floor and check every door, as was the way with River City Ransom on the NES.Its grind heavy, just as the Original Was. Having no map or direction is something i enjoy, as it requires me to learn the game world, and gives it a bit more intensity (I also played may sierra adventure games like this.. Making your own map was crucial).I regularly find myself dying when i don't fight smart. If i queue up enemies, use the environment to my advantage & don't get surrounded, its much easier to deal with. It is very obvious this is meant to be played multiplayer. Having a 2nd player to watch your back makes the early game easier.After getting a special move or two, things get a bit easier, and not having a Merv Burger close at hand to start is hard. Once you know where food is, its a bit easier.It does need a little work but it scratches the itch for an Action/RPG/Beat'm UP/Side Scroller.Play it with a friend if possible, and make sure you love these types of games before buying them."
76561198041735310,Recommended,422810,30253860,Posted: 28 February,all,Black Grump,Well worth the wait. i love this game
76561197968249040,Recommended,422810,30250350,Posted: 28 February,all,OH HUNGEE,"Brings back the memories, no problems with multiplayer!  Some of the menus, need a little work."
,Recommended,422810,30250478,Posted: 28 February,all,Mag.,"Let me start by explaining how much this game means to me personally:As a kid, the original River City Ransom was the main way my dad and I spent any time together and had any sort of bonding. It was also my first video game ever anyways. Ever since I can remember, I've been playing the original one on the NES, the Wii port, and emulators on every computer and phone I have.Having played all that time with all that meaning behind it, I can absolutely say that this game captures the spirit of the original game incredibly well while bringing a ""modern-retro"" feel, you could call it. It's a simple game with simple mechanics, in the vein of its predecessor. Screen to screen beat 'em up with recognizable gangs and entertaining text dialouge when you punch/kick the barf out of them.It has the added bonus over the original of having more playable characters and modern comforts like savestates instead of the old save codes (but there is a nice nod to that at the beginning) and it even has online multiplayer.Throw your $20 at Conatus like it's a lead pipe at a rival gang member."
76561198013832471,Recommended,422810,30251088,Posted: 28 February,all,Beaver Joy,A beautifully made sequel staying true to what made the original great
,Recommended,422810,30249018,Posted: 28 February,all,StarBlaze,"River City Ransom is a sure buy if you are a Retrogamer and, moreover, a fan of good Beat em up! It is the Spiritual Successor of a very nice NES Game which was one the first Beat em up. I have played for 3 hours and it is ages since I had so much fun! In short this game is a basic Beat em up, so you go around and beat various Gangers and Bosses while you go on with the Story. As the original NES game it has a very basic RPG mechanic. Your char will improve since it gains Experience and you can buy different moves to improve your fighting style. This is a first Release so I expect that the Devs will fix few things but at the moment you can easily play it. If you were born in 80s, this is a sure buy it! Grab it and see you around to samsh some faces!"
76561198057139618,Recommended,422810,30251976,Posted: 28 February,all,NOISEf,It might gonne be hard at first...it was for me but i am not a big gamer but a fan of the Kunio series especially RVCIt is a grinding game you got to fight to raise your character buy move food and books to improve yourself.I got frustrated a start because i got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked many time by my teamate (AI) there was a slight bug with the friendly fire but now its fixed. The Game as some Amelioration like when you run you can jump and when you land you keep running you don't have to retap again to run. The Map is kind of big and i don't know but it look like there is more than river city in this game. If you buy it just don't let the frustration cave in too much take some brake it's a grinding game and grinding game mean your are gonna die many time
76561198002859856,Not Recommended,422810,30526613,Posted: 15 March,all,Head_Of_Krampus,"Honestly, this is one of those games that you want to be good, but it's actually pretty bad and broken.  I keep seeing people talk about how this game is a tribute to the old RCR game and to ""old school difficulty"".  This game isn't really much of a RCR/Kunio game, and that NES style difficulty? It's not tough, it's just straight up broken.Who wants to play a game where the enemies become psychic blocking machines halfway through? Who wants to chase a boss down instead of fight them? Who wants to play a Kunio game where the only way to progress is to became a frame counting combo master when what we really want to do is chuck garbage cans at dudes heads and rip around town WITHOUT HAVING TO HOLD DOWN THE D-PAD!I think the devs started with a good idea, they just got too ambitious, added way too much extra junk, and lost sight of what makes a goofy beat em up game fun."
,Recommended,422810,30327130,Posted: 4 March,all,Sluice Master,"--EDIT: With the multiplayer bug fixed, I can now easily recommend this game. Original complaint follows for posterity.--A great game, if a rather buggy one, but I urge you to stay away from it it unless a glaring bug is fixed: Saving during online play rarely ever works. You'll get the text saying the game is saved, just like normal, but it won't go through. It makes the game essentially unplayable online. This is a known bug, so I have hopes that it'll be fixed, but until then, the game is a waste of money."
76561198151551070,Recommended,422810,34030314,Posted: 4 August,all,Jaysshadow,"Good game, glen is incredibly fun to play, i enjoy all types of combos, except the electric guitar move i never found the right time to use it, but other than that its an enjoyable game.Only downside is, after you beat the game, theres nothing much to do, since arena is kinda ....no one plays that online, When u play online multiplayer and you save on a hide out, it does save your money and lvls gained, but not story progress, so its still a good thing.Games missing a challenge mode, hidden boses, boss mode, and id love to play as a boss on story mode, but you cant do that ... i heard you could before, why take out that one thing that could keep me going... x.x?I recomend this game for a story play, but i woulnt play this game like a classic nes, like double dragon 2, witch i would enjoy beating every day in 20 min , but this game,,,good but missing features. Hope they add more later, its a promising game (at lest add story boss mode x.x, sorry if my grammar is bad not my main languaje)."
,Recommended,422810,34912540,Posted: 12 September,all,HurricaneShadow1,"I've been waiting to complete a full playthrough to give a proper review, and I've gotta say, it was well worth my money. They characters are fun, the combat gives you lots of options with the special moves, and the dialogue is pretty funny. If you're looking for a game that improves on the beat 'em up formula, then this is one for you.Pros:-Good combat-Tons of options-Funny-Doesn't take itself too seriouslyCons:-It's easy to get stuck in some places during story mode, but not that big a deal."
76561198379570680,Recommended,422810,34268474,Posted: 15 August,all,yndyousee,Loads of fun beat em up ! Been playing it a lot. Works good with my Xbox controller and arcade stick. I dig all the Easter eggs and other funny little things added to the game for all us old school gamers . Happy that this game is back on steam and we all want that soundtrack. Look forward to the next games these guys do
,Recommended,422810,34718624,Posted: 3 September,all,Dr. Lazarus,"If you played and liked the orignal NES classic, then you will probably enjoy this game.  It is completely in the spirit of the original, and improves upon it in many ways.  One way is the replayability.  With ten playable characters for the story that all play somewhat differently, you might find yourself playing through the game a few times.  Very fun alone or with friends."
76561198180893075,Recommended,422810,35441484,Posted: 3 October,all,VeteranLoser,"I played the old NES game back then where theres only Japanese version and was clueless of what to buy without a guide, But now, HAR! HAR! HAR!This is a totally up to date game of the old one. Watching others play may seem like the AI is a bit dumb but once you start the actual story mode you will find that they aren't so dumb. Prepare yourselves for a real old school beat em up!!!"
76561197977394942,Not Recommended,422810,32120347,Posted: 1 June,all,kagekirazuul,"Fun so much fun.  This is from someone who has played ALL of the Kunio games from Famicom, S-Famicom, GBA, and all of the 3DS versions.  I really applaud how much time and effort went into making this game so much fun.Combat is awesome.  I do wish the characters ran faster, but that is a minor touch. There is so much animation and fun things to find. Different Dojos to get new moves are scattered around, and I've seen soooooo many game shoutouts it's half the fun to see what's gonna show up next.  This is an absolute dream for classic gamers.10/10 ! ! !EDIT:Why the hell are there no boss battles?????  What were you thinking Conatus?  Why didn't all the zombies have new and improved attacks, or cheap shots, or funny dying or winning animations. No you decided to do a goddamn cop-out and make them run away!!!!????  This was NEVER in the River City Ransom game.  Where did this idea come from and who the hell thought this would be a good idea???Is there anyone who can hack this game to take this♥♥♥♥♥♥out???"
