user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,422970,21384611,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DraQu,"Hello, I'm DraQu and I have a problem. I can't stop playing Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,32114948,Posted: 1 June,all,Kalamir,GREAT GAME OR GREATEST GAME? : AN OBJECTIVE ANALYSISPROS- NO CUTSCENES- NO TUTORIALS- NO QUESTS- NO DIALOGUE- NO HAND HOLDING- RUNS ON MS DOS- SMOOTH COMBAT- AMAZING SOUND EFFECTS- IMMERSIVE WORLD- SPOOPY SKELETALS- SHOTGUN EVERYTHING IN THE FACE- ENDLESS TRASH TALKING TO YOUR FRIENDS- PROGRESSION LADDER- WATCH YOUR FRIENDS FAIL VIA REPLAYS- FIVE DOLLA
,Recommended,422970,21397001,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Drake,"Possibly the most elegant FPS devised. Every element serves a purpose. From the scraping dry laughter to the red glint of gems. Devil Daggers is lo-fi poetry in motion.The eponymous weapon combines doom 2's double barrel shotgun and Hyperblaster into a single devstating instrument of death. The movement system is straight out of Doom, Quake and Painkiller. Strafe running, strafe jumping, bunny hopping, it's all there. But don't let that speed go to your head. While you can accelerate faster, the enemy has higher top speeds. But their swarms cannot turn as fast. The demonic swarm also has exploitable behaviors, notably they will try to avoid your daggers. This allows you to carve paths of destruction, splitting the demonic hordes as you punch through. With sharp target prioritization, skillful shooting and the grace of a satanic, bullfighting ballerina you can eke out extra seconds of life as you climb the leaderboards. And speaking of the leaderboards, they have a wonderful demo feature. Every scoring run is recorded. Probably the best anti-cheat feature possible for a leaderboard, as well as a wealth of information and techniques.Sure to fall flat with the cinematic shooter crowd, this is a love letter to ID's glory days, right down to the gritty textures of the low poly models and the palettes that color them. There is no story to tell or goal to achieve except the tale of your own mastery. A total emphasis on skill, no margin for error and absolutely zero downtime (even death holds no loading screens) is this game's hallmark. Devil Daggers demands nothing less than your total attention, and while razor sharp reflexes will serve you well, you need to have an even sharper grasp of position and target priority. Hell has many lessons to teach. It communicates so well there is no need for a HUD. All the information you require is in the motion of your enemy, the sound of bone scraping on stone, your own momentum as you strafe the edges of this platform suspended in the void.Devil Daggers is a purposeful distillation of what made the greats so compelling."
,Recommended,422970,32424823,Posted: 14 June,all,Shphuckler,﻿﻿ＰＲＯＳVery competitive leaderboardIn game replaysAwesome soundtrackScreaming skullsBig ol' danger noodlesＣＯＮＳPretty steep learning curve (not really a bad thing but it can be anger inducing at times)I strongly recommend this to anyone who wants one of the most intense games on the steam marketplace.
,Recommended,422970,25273122,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Good Rogue,"Hell? I know hell.Hell is perfection.Hell is repeating the same steps a hundred times only so that you may die every time and the hundred and first time will make you die a little later. Maybe.Hell is knowing that at 35"", the spider appears and you need to kill it before it gorges your precious treasure. And yet failing to do so just so many times.Hell is feeling pathetic and inadequate seeing how the best of the very best manage twelve minutes in the arena, while you barely get to third.Devil Daggers is going to hurt you. It is going to smack you around, it is going to humiliate, to taunt, to maim your feeling of being a good player. But you will endure.And you're going to love it.You will learn. Next time, you will survive longer. You will beat the person right above you, and one day you will get to the top.Through blood, guts, sweat and tears."
,Recommended,422970,23401462,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rosenator,"I've seen many reviews referring to Devil Daggers as a bullet hell. ""But why?"" I said. ""There's no projectiles other than the ones you shoot."" I started thinking about it; and I came to realize this:Instead of bullets, the squids shoot skulls at you.Instead of lazers, the spiders suck up your power gems and shoot spider eggs at you.At this point, I figured that Devil Daggers was a bullet hell without the bullets, and the game's graphics, gameplay, and audio represent that well. Bullet hell without the bullets is just hell.And God, do I love it so."
,Recommended,422970,21313246,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kurt Astro,Devil Daggers is EXACTLY the game that would be on a Law and Order gamer episode.
76561197970741571,Recommended,422970,26425523,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,do9,"I've read somewhere that gamers can reach a state of mind that is similar to the highest form of meditation. I feel like this game gave me a glimpse of that sensation. Just a few seconds in and the real world fades as you become one with this hellish realm and for the next few minutes that's all there is.In any run, your demise is but a few minutes away and this inevitable doom combined with the aesthetics enforce a sense of lovecraftian horror. You feel you're slowly losing your grip on the situation. You're being overwhelmed and in a frenzied, panicked last stand you'll eventually succumb to your inevitable fate. And when this happens, you're suddenly reminded of your physical body as it urges you to take breath. So you take that well deserved deep breath, and when you exhale, you say to yourself: '...one more time.'"
,Recommended,422970,21567514,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Audish,"I'm finally coming off the adrenaline high from Devil Daggers, enough to keep my hands steady while I type. I can still feel my pulse in my fingertips, though, reminding me of my last sudden fatality by laughing skull. It's the most recent death of many, sometimes brought on by nerves, sometimes by hesitation, and sometimes by arrogance. There aren't many ways to die in the game, but a lot of reasons why, enough to keep the cycle of death and more death fresh for hours.Devil Daggers is an arena FPS pitting you and your titular daggers against a yawning void of bloodthirsty skulls. Every attempt sees your enemies spawning in waves, a host of flying skulls, laughing skulls, spider skulls, serpent skulls, and worse. Your only defenses are your Quake-like reflexes and your daggers, fired in either a chaotic stream or a shotgun-like blast. Both attacks see a lot of use in culling the horde, either hosing down dense groups or sniping troublesome skulls.Larger enemies drop gems that can upgrade your attacks, but you can only attract them when you're not shooting. Furthermore, there are enemies that will happily hoover up your gems, delaying your vital upgrades. It's a small detail but one that adds a significant layer of strategy to the game. You'll die plenty trying to master it, though, as the end is only a single skull touch away. The learning curve is significant but there is one, because enemies always spawn in at the same times each round, just in different places.All of this is wrapped in a deliciously chunky retro-3D package that evokes the best parts of early shooters. I know some people call the original Quake ugly but it had a grim, nightmarish quality to its software polygons that Devil Daggers makes the most of. The sound design deserves special mention as well, hitting you with dark rumblings, menacing synth, and quad-damage-style stingers in the heat of battle. Each of your foes has their own cues, from the coconut-like clatter of basic skulls to the spiderleg-tapping of enormous skittering horrors. The persistent audio assault coupled with the dark, pixel-blurred creatures lunging at you from all angles makes every round a little panic attack of demonic portend.There are global and friend leaderboards to compare scores on, so you'll get the most out of the game if you have folks to chase after. The only criticism I can really level against Devil Daggers is that that's it. There's no story, no multiplayer, no other modes or permutations other than that one harrowing arena. Hopefully you understand at this point that the combat, enemy, and aesthetic designs make this more than worth your time, because you'll find few rushes in the gaming world like Devil Daggers.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,422970,23450954,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,A.N.T.4,"This is probably the most intense, exciting and frustrating game ever. Great fun, smooth simplistic gameplay yet really hard to master."
,Recommended,422970,21369310,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bone Palace,"This is the closest you'll get to a perfect video game, and below I'll explain why.Devil Daggers is a minimalistic survival arena FPS.It only has one game mode, one weapon, one map and pixelated graphics, reminiscent of the first Quake and PS1 era games.This description may not look very attractive at first glance, but in its simplicity lie Devil Daggers greatest strengths.The graphics style is unique, very well executed and reminds me of a time long past, when occult shooters such as Quake and Doom reigned supreme. Combined with the fantastic sound design this art style helps create a very tense atmosphere.The controls are tight and will be instantly familiar to anyone who has played these shooters of old. The game also includes competitive leaderboards, and lets you view other players attempts, allowing you to learn from their tactics and mistakes.These factors combine perfectly into a cohesive game that is more than just the sum of its parts. Devil Daggers is a beautiful looking and sounding game, thanks to its art and sound design. Yet Devil Daggers is also an incredibly addictive highscore attack game thanks to its gameplay and leaderboards features.This explains why I think Devil Daggers is pretty much a perfect game. It is a very focused game and it executes its design perfectly. Devil Daggers doesn’t try to be huge or varied. It simply tries to be a stylish, addictive survival shooter and it succeeds in every way.If you like difficult high score attack games like Super Hexagon at all, or are nostalgic for shooter such as Quake you need to buy this game right now. You won’t regret it."
,Recommended,422970,21706744,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Deus Ex Doomguy,I need to go play some Brutal Doom to calm down.
,Recommended,422970,24141001,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Temwig the HOily Blade,"it's really easy, all you need is perfect aim and infallible situational awareness"
,Recommended,422970,32197168,Posted: 5 June,all,FVDXVD,One of the hardest/most addictive games I've ever played.
,Recommended,422970,27080531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Destro,"If you want to work on spacial awareness and target prioritisation in your FPS games, this is a good place to do it."
,Recommended,422970,21677105,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,All Glory to the Goddess Aqua,"+Metal as ♥♥♥♥ aesthetic that puts the ""Hell"" back in bullet Hell.+Murderous difficulty balanced out by ease of accessibility that rewards the player for figuring out the game's mechanics on their own.+Fast-placed gameplay best described as Quake meets Smash TV, even featuring bunny/strafejumping and rocketjumping (in the form of aiming down at your feet mid-jump and tapping the mouse button to fire a shotgun blast).+Leaderboards + replay function so you can see how much of a scrub you are next to your friends (or learn from their mistakes).+Sound design is both terrifying and useful---letting you know what enemies are coming from which directions.+Dirt cheap but worth so much more!-The game costs $4.99. They missed an opportunity by not pricing it $6.66.THE REAL DEVIL DAGGERS STARTS HERE."
,Recommended,422970,21352130,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Servo,"***EXTENDED REVIEW BELOW***BANISHED TO HELL FOR SOME REASON NOW YOU CAN SHOOT DAGGERS FROM YOUR HANDSGET GEMS = POINT MORE FINGERSTHEN YOU CAN SHOOT BLUE DAGGERSIF YOU LIKE THE IDEA OF A FIRST PERSON BULLET HELL WHERE YOUR ONLY GOAL IS TO DETHRONE YOUR FRIENDS (OR PEOPLE ON THE SCOREBOARD) OR TO PROVE TO YOURSELF THAT YOUR PAST YOU WAS A ♥♥♥♥♥ WHO ONLY GOT 60 SECONDS INTO THE GAME THEN BUY THISMY REVIEW IS IN ALL CAPS BECAUSE I JUST PLAYED THIS GAME FOR LIKE 2 HOURS AND IT FEELS LIKE I DRANK 666 REDBULLSALSO THE ENGINE, AESTEHTICS AND SOUND DESIGN IS AMAZINGＤ　Ｅ　Ｖ　Ｉ　Ｌ　　Ｄ　Ａ　Ｇ　Ｇ　Ｅ　Ｒ　Ｓ-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Devil Daggers coutinues to amaze. With every update comes new enemies and challenges, but be warned, this content is usually locked to the best of the best. It's a shame because the second large difficulty boost really puts your skill to the test. I'm slowly getting there, but that is the point of Devil Daggers. Die, die, and die until you overcome. Then start it up all over again.My biggest reason for extending this review is because I feel like in the time that I've played Devil Daggers, I have literally become a better FPS player.This game is like bootcamp for fast, movement heavy shooters such as Q3A, CPMA, Reflex, and (shoutout) Neotokyo.Movement, positioning, situational awareness, timing, and aim. All of these play such a big part in Devil Daggers that as long as you keep pushing yourself here, you'll keep getting better at everything else. How a game can be so focused on its objectives to the point where it spills over into other shooters in the genre shows that the game should be up there with the greats. Truly inspiring stuff.Hail Sorath.Ｈ　Ａ　Ｉ　ＬＤ　Ｅ　Ｖ　Ｉ　Ｌ　　Ｄ　Ａ　Ｇ　Ｇ　Ｅ　Ｒ　Ｓ"
,Recommended,422970,24164857,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sojk,This game is pretty fun
,Recommended,422970,21329652,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,zone,"Like Quake channeled into a Super Hexagon-like endurance trial; a special circle of hell reserved for the blaster of demons.  Fiery daggers (though they kinda look like clusters of whole shotgun shells to my eyes) fly from your glowing fingertips.  Incredible sound design both in the game and on the title screen, with its clanging industrial noise.  Don't expect a labyrinthine adventure, though — this is '90s FPS design distilled to an arcade-like essence."
,Recommended,422970,21531482,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Vesper,Doomguy never runs from evil - he circle-strafes it.
,Recommended,422970,23711005,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Amaraen,"If you enjoy skill-based FPS games and don't mind a setting that is entirely repetitive, this is a good choice. If you enjoy getting better at something and strive to 'beat' a game no matter the odds, and find a thrill in knowing you're getting better: this is an excellent game choice.Only bad side is the continual never-changing repetition of the game. But this is the way the game is meant to be."
,Recommended,422970,32878119,Posted: 27 June,all,ultimaterex,Hardcore? CheckInsane? CheckBest graphics? CheckRealism? CheckFun? Hell yeah!10/10 would shoot spiders again
,Recommended,422970,25252284,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ム レ キ,"You know, its kinda fun when you put some hours into it.Its kinda like super hexagon, in that you have to put like 5 hrs into the game for it to be fun.But in my opinion, those 5 hrs were worth it,and so were the rest of them."
,Recommended,422970,24204928,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Sonozaki,"The concept is pretty simple.shoot everything that movesDevil Daggers doesn't need much, there is nothing except you, the arena and a load of enemys trying to kill you.GameplayControls are simple WASD for the Movement, space bar for jumps & 2 fire modes with each mouse button. Sounds boring? Perhaps for some but if you enjoy oldschool arena games you should get this.The GameIn one word I would describe it as: CatchingYou enter the game and you see the Logo of the game.. creepy music starts to play.You hit one button and enter the simple main menu, which gives you access to the Leaderboards,Settings and the Arena.Once you enter it.. good luck!The game starts slowly with one Pillar spitting out some skulls. Easy targets, but there will spawn more and you have to clear (or farm when you are really good) the arena.Otherwise you will have a hard time in the beginning. Seconds feels like minutes and once you see the death screen you realize that you haven't even hit the 100 seconds mark.And this is where the game sucks you in. You want more and try again and again and again.Until you give up or hit the mark you had in sight.Features+ FOV Slider+ Addictive Gameplay+ Adrenalin+ Mental BreakdownHave Fun"
76561197970354999,Recommended,422970,25119083,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Doc,"Devil Daggers: a game in which 30 seconds can feel like a lifetime, but in a good way.This is the FPS pared down to it`s absolute basics: shoot, dodge, survive.Once dead you can make yourself feel worse by watching replays of people that are way better than you.Brilliant."
,Recommended,422970,21380947,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,"Muscle Friend, Ph.D","Wow. Absolutely blew me away.First of all, especially given the price point, YES, it's worth your investment. Think of this game as mixture of Unreal Tournament, Doom, Magic Carpet, and Geometry Wars. The intensity, addictive quality, and horror are all top-notch. Of particular note is the SOUND DESIGN and direction. I'm an extremely jaded survival horror fan, and it's tough to impress me with audio - or scare me with it, given that I'm a noise musician in my spare time - but the relentless, terrifying soundscape that this game includes grates on you and psychologically fatigues you in the best possible way.It's truly a refreshing experience and a ton of fun. A brutal challenge but sooooo worth the money.Now, DEVS: If you're reading this, I think you have an amazing formula here and I hope you expand on it. I could see this functioning very well as a stand alone title. Part of what makes it so unique and cool is that it's not bloated with a million additional add-ons, and seems like a genuine labor of love. Another reviewer described it as a nearly perfect game, and I agree. HOWEVER, I'm concerned with the game's longevity. I would appreciate a few power-ups and/or additional weapons along the way. Maybe a minimalized system like Binding of Isaac's character selection, where you can eventually unlock some different abilities or something like that. I would totally respect you if you disagreed with that opinion - in fact, I would admire your commitment to your aesthetic! However, that might be the difference between me playing this game for 5 hours or for 50 hours.Ultimately, I'm glad this game exists. I very much hope you will entertain the possibility of making a sequel or some DLC to expand on the ideas you have. You have an incredibly solid foundation and I hope to see it grow. Then again, if it doesn't, I'll love it all the same.In fact, I like the game so much I would be happy to volunteer to work on it. Not that you guys need the help, but if you're willing to point me in the direction of a way to mod the game, I'd be happy to prototype some features - I have some experience with game design and coding. I guess what I'm saying is... this game gets me excited about making and playing games! I hope that serves as a compliment - it's certainly intended as such!"
76561198272148649,Recommended,422970,30069331,Posted: 20 February,all,Void Mayonnaise,"Basically: this game is perfect if it's what you're into. It's fast-paced survival action against skulls, skulls with horns, skulls with tentacles that spawn the skulls and skulls with horns, giant skulls with spider legs that spawn miniature skulls with spider legs, and rarely non-skull related enemies. All of which fly at you from pitch blackness, faster than you can run, and instakill you. You must survive as long as possible against Mr. Skeltals forces, armed only with Satan's Kitchen Knives.This is one of those rare examples of a game that has managed to pack in a lot of addicting fun into a small price ($5, though it was on sale when I got it) and low hardware requirements (good for me because my computer is crap). If you're somebody who likes games that actually press you to stay on the move, keep your ears as open as your eyes, and most of all develop insane twitch aiming, this is for you. Expect to get good, very good, if you want to get far in this game. Conventional tactics typically used in easier modern survival video games will not work, enemies are too fast and varied in movement patterns to kite or camp. You will kill or be killed. If you're not the type of person who likes that, don't bother, I'm sure there's a ~$60 (plus ~$60 of ""DLC"") hand-holding ""AAA"" game out there for you.The only downside is that the gameplay is short and only has one map(an incredibly simplistic one at that) and enemy spawn pattern(the spawn pattern is actually pretty intense). Though I guess you could consider that a good side: for $5 this game makes a very nice, short, but replayable gameplay experience. It's a very good game for attempting to rise the world leaderboards, compete with friends, or even just for trying to get a new personal best. Also personally I really like the style, visually the game does a very good job of hitting that pixelated arcade look while also being a little spooky with its abyssal horror theme. The sound is well done too, every enemy makes unique sounds, this is why using your ears in this game are so important. I do not recommend playing it without headphones."
,Recommended,422970,21377705,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,mason,you play as a man named John Daggers who got sucked into a haunted Quake disc one weekend. he must shoot all of the skeletons better than his online friends or he will be trapped forever
76561198074755902,Recommended,422970,26187269,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,FinnTheTraitor,The only game where FOUR SECONDS can raise you 333 ranks on the leaderboard.
,Recommended,422970,22880922,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ryotaro,"You know how people go on about hidden gem games you would never find anywhere else on steam?This is probably one of the best games I've played in the past 5 years ever since I first got hooked into Super Hexagon.This is an arena shooter that plays like quake and looks strikingly a lot like a mix between doom 2 and quake.Fast paced as all hell, you have to go into this game knowing that you are absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed from the start. What if you could survive a little longer than before though? The rapid progression of going from a 20 second high score to a 40, to an 80, to 100 to 200 to actually making a legitimate attack on the leaderboard. This game will tear you apart in terms of it's difficulty but that's one of the best parts about it, stick with it, find the patterns, and you will find some of the best arcade style gameplay in any indie game out today.There are few games I could actually give a 10/10, this is one of them."
,Recommended,422970,29722150,Posted: 5 February,all,Dungle,this game pisses me off
76561198081419051,Recommended,422970,23419032,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,EazyAK,"This game is ruthless and super addictive. You'll always want to try one more time to get that one extra second to your high score. And oh boy when you do make a new record, the feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction is unparallelled! The graphics and sounds create an amazing hellish atmosphere and the horror feels very real when the arena fills with endless swarms of demons that you try to desperately destroy. Watching a gameplay video of this game gives a pretty good idea what the game will be like and that's pretty much all it will be, but playing it is much more fun than one might expect."
76561198055337153,Recommended,422970,30912656,Posted: 2 April,all,Onyx,"Devils Daggers is a diamond - it's compact, incredibly hard, and what little there is has been polished to perfection.Devils Daggers is a minimalist FPS arena shooter. The goal is to survive as long as possible. You get one stage, which is a flat arena surrounded by abyss. You get one weapon, and die in one hit. There is one enemy spawn pattern, with some randomized positioning.The audio design is amazing, the visual direction is strong, and moving and shooting feels beautiful, with a lot of nuance to the sparse mechanics.You will die a lot. Let's be clear on that. This is a game for the kinds of people who like SHMUPS or 'arcade' style games where you replay the game hundreds of times trying to get better. If you aren't that sort of person, you will not like this game. If Devil Daggers still sounds interesting to you after hearing that, I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,422970,24919096,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,whisper,"Devil Daggers is an extremely deep, challenging, arcade-style score-driven fps. I say that like I'm putting it into a well-known category of game but as far as I know it is the only game that would fit in this category.The game takes place in a single, circular arena. Monsters spawn according to a fixed and increasingly aggressive schedule, and you try to survive as long as possible. One hit kills you. You can fire a steady stream of daggers by holding the mouse button down, or fire a shotgun-like burst by clicking. These weapons can be upgraded by collecting gems dropped from fallen enemies, and (pro tip), releasing the fire button momentarily will draw in all pickups toward you. It's a feeling shmup fans will find very familiar.Devil Daggers is executed well on every front. The controls are crisp and responsive. You can strafe jump and bunny hop, and the timing for them is more forgiving than in quake. The weapons are powerful and have good feedback, making them very satisfying to use, especially in their upgraded versions. The graphics are a faithful homage to the original quake big pixel software rendering mode, but still easily readable. The sound design is phenomenal. Each enemy makes its own distinctive chatter, and thanks to the excellent 3D positional audio, this essentially becomes your ""radar"". You will not score your best times while listening to music.I've seen people criticize the game for not having much content, and in a way it's a fair point. Some games have a lot of varied and detailed backdrops, environments, and cutscenes for you to look at while you keep performing the same simple gameplay tasks throughout the game. Devil Daggers doesn't have any of that. The only content here is the very very tight game mechanics, a dozen or so enemies, and a series of very carefully designed encounters. It's enough to keep you busy for a long, long time. However, if you don't actually enjoy the gameplay, there's nothing to distract you from this fact.Personally, I've put 35 hours into the game so far and I don't intend to stop playing it before I've joined the 20 or so players who have lasted longer than 500 seconds and earned the game's only achievement. I'll be proud of myself if it only takes 35 more.If you like old-school fps, or chasing high scores, or to be challenged, Devil Daggers is a no-brainer. If you aren't enthusiastic for at least one of those things, it probably won't grab you."
,Recommended,422970,32358612,Posted: 11 June,all,Nuparu,Flawless game. absolutely flawless. buy it
,Recommended,422970,21508808,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,guyal,"What's the rating above ""Overwhelmingly Positive""?"
,Recommended,422970,26314066,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TheBowWowers,"It's simple enough. Survive.No upgrade tree nonsesnse, no stupid side quests, no save point crap.Just. Survive."
,Recommended,422970,33809915,Posted: 26 July,all,Starfisher,"At first I almost uninstalled it. I died within fifteen seconds and I just didn't got it.After seven hours of it I am addicted.  I want to beat my own record (after 7 hours it was 104 seconds).So yes, it is a punishing, hard game, and at first glance it doesn't make much sense.But give it a second chance (and a third... and a 20th), read some guides and you will see that this isa surprisingly good game and not so simple than it seemed at first glance."
76561198095141770,Recommended,422970,30660565,Posted: 21 March,all,King Horse,"If you’re thinking of buying Devil Daggers, ask yourself the following:1) Do I have five dollars?2) Do I have a mouse?3) Do I have friends—specifically ones on steam who have this game, so I can beat their scores?4) Do the neighbors suspect me?If you answer “yes” to the first three and “no” to the last, then Devil Daggers is a good game for you right now.Below is an explanation of each yes, and the no.“Do I have five dollars?” Five dollars is how much it costs, with a penny to spare. And if you don’t have five dollars lying around, well…maybe your neighbors do. So just go to their house when they’re asleep, and collect any money you see lying around. Then when you have enough, leave their house, wait ‘til the morning; then go to your bank and make a deposit.“Do I have a wired or wireless mouse?” Yeah, you can’t play this on your laptop pad. And it doesn’t matter how quality it is, or if you got the neighbor’s dog to bark 666 times. Thing is you’re gonna need a proper (computer) mouse.“Do I have friends who have the game so I can beat their scores?” This is self-explanatory. Whenever you die in Devil Daggers, you get to see your score, along with your highest score, and your friends’ top scores, and the top players’ scores. They’re basically how many seconds you’ve managed to last. Sorta like the lock in her door. Or the candles in your basement.“Do the neighbors suspect me?” Playing Devil Daggers is a leisure/escapist act, so if you want to get the most from it, it’s best that your neighbors aren’t searching around your house for their virgin. Because if they are, then you may experience anxiety, as you hear them walking together on your lawn, or pressing your door bell. If they’re snooping around, now’s the time to wash and hide the blade. You’ll also need to scrub the blood and markings off the floor, and get rid of the body.So now, do you have three yes’s and a no? Then yes. Get Devil Daggers. Maybe you’ll only play it for eighty minutes as I did. But it’ll be an interesting interlude, ‘til the full moon comes, and the nieghbors are asleep."
,Recommended,422970,32825404,Posted: 26 June,all,TheMisled,Soul crushingly difficult yet very addictive with smooth fluid gameplay and fantastic sound design. This combined with very competetive  leaderboards and the constant allure of beating both your friends and you own high score.Would definately reccommend for anyone looking for a challenging game and an addictive shooter.
76561198035963274,Recommended,422970,29600233,Posted: 30 January,all,treesniffingzombie,"One of the most addicting games I've played in a long time. Great aesthetic, pace, and difficulty. It's a game you can just dive into whenever you want for some quick mindless fun."
,Recommended,422970,23656180,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MindProxy,"This game is what gaming is all about. It is challenging, primal, addictive, frustrating, but there is nothing more rewarding than beating your previous record by 1 millisecond!!!If you are tired of games being too easy and you want to challenge yourself, buy the game!!"
,Recommended,422970,30966928,Posted: 5 April,all,Elsie (LCL),They say the price is 5$. But the real cost is your soul and sanity.
,Recommended,422970,23487242,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,epk0t,"9/10This game is extremely tough, but very well made. Definitely quite the experience, and also a great test of reflexes/aiming/hearingPros-fast speed-good movement-interesting mechanicsCons-extremely difficult if you are not already a very good fps player"
76561198042671672,Recommended,422970,22191630,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CHETEVANS,CANTWAKEUP.JPEG
76561198101779338,Recommended,422970,31706887,Posted: 12 May,all,Astro Mango,"One of the most intense and skillbased games i've ever played.One of the best buys i've done on steam.I recommend everyone to give this addictive game a try!It's basically a nightmare like shoot em up, arena, survive as long as possible, touch anything and you die kind of game."
,Recommended,422970,33546578,Posted: 14 July,all,TheWaffleWizard,"Incredibly simple, satisfying challenge.Devil Daggersis a fast-paced arena shooter that will always keep you moving and thinking ahead. Nowhere is safe and there are no brakes on this nightmarish fight for survival. The goal and main premise of the game is two-fold:Defeat the myriad of different skull-based entities with your magical dagger hands and prolong your death.Upgrade your power by collecting crystals dropped by various enemies.And that's it. That's the entire game.What makes this unique and fun instead of impossibly hard and tedious isDevil Daggers'amazingly quick replayability and challenging learning curve. Runs take less than 5 minutes for most players and these short times encourage you to play just one more time to try to beat your record. The enemy AI is unforgiving but fair - every single monster has a certain behavior that can be plainly seen or described and played around. Applied knowledge of these mechanics gives the player a huge advantage when in a tight spot; the simplicity of the controls allows this nuance to shine through and easily be picked up on.In a game all about skill, the only randomnessDevil Daggershas is enemy spawn locations. This isn't a drawback as the arena is circular and everything has a sound cue telling you where, when, and what enemy type is spawning.PROSSimple concept with plenty of patterns and tricks to learnShort rounds make it easy to go ""one more round""Gameplay is difficult but never unfairCompetitive leaderboardReplays available for your friends' runs as well as your top timeBreaking a record feels truly satisfyingCONSSteep learning curve that sometimes requires the player to die, learn, repeatCan be frustrating to players not used to twitch-shooter style gamesOnly one game modeFor a $5 game you get so much replayability and a worthwhile challenge.Devil Daggersis a wonderful, small gem that I do not regret buying and cannot recommend more to those looking for something challenging that does not soak hours of your time."
,Recommended,422970,21695961,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Libido Dealer,"Devil Daggers = Bunny Hopping + Rocket Jumping + Man Chowder (Daggers) Spraying = Brain Big OsCouldn't recommend more for those who like Unreal Tournament and Quake Franchises.If you are still on the fence for any reasons, try this game cus it's totally worth $5 and the whole concept of this game is mind-blowing.I GOT CRUSHED HARDER IN THIS GAME THAN IN DARK SOULSTOP DEFINITIONHardcoreDevil DaggerI'm a hardcore gamer.TOP DEFINITIONcrueltyDevil Daggers' LeaderboardNot anymore."
,Recommended,422970,24787170,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Coffee Mug Joe,You know a game like this is challenging when your longest life is just over a minute and a half.
,Recommended,422970,23870019,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chiamires,This thing is a masterpiece.It got it's own unique quake-style graphics that really nails the satanic theme this game got. And I cannot describe the satisfaction of obliterating swarms of skulls while trying to reach that 500 second milestone.And the frustration when you don't reach it.You may not spend a hundred of hours in it. But everything else makes the game absolutely worth it. Your limits will be broken.
,Not Recommended,422970,28991385,Posted: 3 January,all,Nao,"If you enjoy punishing games with permadeath with the sole objective being to survive as long as you can and getting the highest possible score, this could be for you.The gameplay and mechanics are solid and I can definitely see the appeal of it. However for me the game is just far too frustrating. I find it very difficult to aim since there's no crosshair and the very low resolution art style makes it difficult to see. I understand that's on purpose and adds to the challenge but to me it just adds frustration. There's no hp or lives so one single hit from any enemy will have you instantly killed and you have to start over again with the same set enemy patterns which only change in initial spawn position, and after an hour I find this gets really repetitive. I also find the visuals very drab and uninsteresting, but that's just personal taste. If you like very monotonous, lovecraftian themes you might enjoy them.I am an avid FPS player, I love old school FPS like DOOM and Quake and even monster boxes like Serious Sam but those games offer much more variety and are nowhere near as punishing as this. It's not a bad game and you may like it, but it is a niche game and you'll know whether this is the type of game for you or not."
76561198063861307,Recommended,422970,29002065,Posted: 4 January,all,Uberkatze,"This game is the perfect waiting aid. Installing a big game and don't to use a lot of processing power? Devil Daggers. Waiting to join a friend in a multiplayer lobby when their match ends? Devil Daggers. Have a few minutes to kill but not enough to play longer games? Devil Daggers. Don't know what else to play? Devil Daggers.It's a fast, action packed game of endurance that pits you against an endless stream of demonic monsters in an attempt to squeeze a few more seconds onto your high score. You'll be using a lot of fps tactics of old as you bunny hop, strafe, and dagger jump around the map in order to gain an edge. Your weapon has two fire modes that allow you to either cut through hoards of enemies like butter, or go in for a takedown. As you might have guessed from my choice of words, this game is immensely satisfying to play once you get the gameplay down."
76561198296486735,Recommended,422970,22782146,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,coccyxx,"Conceptually its a almost perfect game in my opinion.It reminds me of  the glorious days of FPSs such as Doom or Serious Sam.Devil Daggers is a pure shooter, condensed to the essence of this genre. It's about improving your skills as far as possible to get success. Skills means aiming and moving but most important is to get a feeling of the enemies behaviour, their movement patterns. Very important as well is the knowledge of the chronology of the enemies appearance. And always stay alert for the noises and keep dancing with the creatures of hell!The stimulus is that you can excperience your growing skills by seeing your increasing survival time. Even though you have to die many deaths to get success the good thing is that it does not take hours but only minutes to get the chance for a new highscore.Only thing I miss is some more stats and rankings, e.g. total kills, dies, hit ratio etc. Some more achievements would have been nice as well."
,Recommended,422970,23391205,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Salok,"I'm gonna say it straight up : this game is a PURGE. I haven't played a shooter this intense in a very long while, especially one that leaves me breathing heavily, all sweaty and litterally shaken, not stirred.The most important thing in this game is this oppressing ambiance, reminding you every second that you're not welcome here and so very close to death, whether it's the dark, mostly red-orange visuals or the aggressive sound design. If you wanted a tranquil walk in the park, this is not the game for you, if you're looking for a challenge that will beat the turd out of you, you've come to the right place, because this game will challenge not only your mental, but your physical endurance as well. You'll be nothing but a heavy breathing mass of shaking, confused flesh once you make it far enough.You'll need to focus on all your senses (apart from taste but shhhhhh) if you're planning to master the mercyless tide of ennemies this game is all about. I'd recommend against buying this game if all you're here for is trying to get the achievement though, haha, good luck with that ! Good f'ing luck !Violent, Fast-Paced, Oppressive, Die-and-Retry, Arena shooter, if all these words fits your tastes : jump in and join this world of pain.This would have been my best FPS of the year if DOOM didn't come out !"
,Recommended,422970,22815822,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,☢ GunSalute! ✌,Skilltest.exe
,Recommended,422970,32025636,Posted: 28 May,all,James Crawfish,"Easy to play, impossible to master."
,Recommended,422970,30278771,Posted: 2 March,all,Raptorz,"Really nice and challenging game.""Trust me, you will die!"""
76561198002141227,Recommended,422970,21535456,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fat Pickle Smith,"This game is like sound of vinyl disc among clear sounds of CDs and digital audio files.It's raw and full of flavor, it's primal expirience, a tribute to the roots and middle finger to games that we are getting nowdays. This title redefines notion of ""addicting game""."
76561198063393620,Recommended,422970,21437649,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,toksik66,"i havent spoke to my wife in days, but at least i'm in the top 1700"
,Recommended,422970,22778666,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,JP,"Do you have OCD? Do you like to obsess over the same few seconds over and over, trying to get things just right? do you like to spend hours and hours on a game with little or no gain, only to find that when you do, you cry like a little school girl?  cause if you do, boy did you come to the right place"
,Recommended,422970,25622484,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lockdonnen,"First off, extra kudos for the Linux build that works out of the box!There are so many details about this game that keep me playing over and over, I'll do my best to list some of them.The visuals are reminiscent of Quake 1, polygons seem to twitch around as if they can’t be contained, textures shift slightly as if it’s hiding something else. These minor details of 90’s 3D simply add to the vague details where you’re not quite fully sure of what exactly is in front of you. Your brain fills in the details with nightmarish extras where you don’t want to know what it is, but natural human curiosity demands that you must know, no matter the cost.On the gameplay side of things it’s straight forward and simple.Moving/jumping around is smooth and there isn’t any time where I get skull’ed and feel like it was the controls fault, everything you do is on you.Shooting is a mixture of rapid and burst fire. While I don’t have it fully nailed down yet, there is a learning curve on how to use both effectively in whatever situation is before you.Sounds, oh my the sounds. I find every sound that is in the game is in there for a reason to inform you about some horror coming your way. At no point do I feel my ears are getting overloaded and I’m always able to keep track of whats coming from where.There isn’t any music and I’m very ok with that, music might over do it and then make it hard to keep track of whats going on. If I’m ever in the mood I’ll que up my own music."
,Recommended,422970,28295662,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,oxysofts,"Probably the best $5 I've ever spent in my life and a cure to my obsessive self-improvement behavior in crappy mobile games like Don't Touch The Spikes and Flappy Bird. If you're the kind of person to play these kinds of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet difficult mobile games until you finally reach your next milestone and up your PB by a few points, Devil Daggers will be right down your alley.This game is pure skills. The run is over at the touch of anything, and the mechanics are simple but hard to master. Learning how to prioritize threats, how to farm effectively, how to carry yourself through the arena,  all things you will need to hone to achieve top scores on the leaderboard. But once you do, it's exhilarating.Also the sound design is some of the best and most creative I've seen in the past decade, it just feels like it belongs."
,Recommended,422970,26485190,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ex Nihilo,I stopped playing Doom because I was too addicted to playing this. For 10 hours apparently. My average game is 60-100 seconds. Just do the math there.It's good.
,Recommended,422970,21480123,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Alf Tupper,"Not a slow mo weapon wheel or chainsaw QTE in sight.This is how you do fast paced.id, this is how you USED to do fast paced."
,Recommended,422970,21495049,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ƊƛƦƘ ƝЄƇƦƠƝ,⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛🔥💢🔥💢🔥💢🔥💢🔥💢🔥💢 👿💀𝔏𝔦𝔳𝔢. 𝔇𝔦𝔢. 𝓡𝔢𝔭𝔢𝔞𝔱!💀👿 💢🔥💢🔥💢🔥💢🔥💢🔥🔥🔥⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
,Recommended,422970,34102136,Posted: 8 August,all,Badtemeez Tebrez,"It gives off a Lovecraftian feel, where, as you - the one who has touched the Devil Dagger - level up and continue to upgrade in order to amass great power to defeat your foes, become less and less human. The moment you grasp the dagger, your fate is sealed. No matter how long you stall, you are bound to die in that battlefield in the abyss.Jolly good show. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,24835618,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Aythadis,"Are you looking for a fast paced arcade FPS that is hard as balls with an average life span of 100 seconds? Welcome to Devil Daggers!Devil Daggers does exactly like it says, inspired by 1990s FPS and arcade games with the gameplay of Quake/Geometry Wars, sending you to damnation in hell in an abyssal arena to face endless legions of skeleton demons. You have 1 purpose... Live as long as you can. More importantly, getting the 1 achievement in this game, which is ""Survive 500 seconds."" Sounds easy right? Hahahahahahahahahaha wrong! Be happy if you can make it past 100 seconds!In DD you only have 1 weapon, the Magic Dagger. As you progress, certain enemies will drop ""Gems"" which after collecting so many will power up your dagger to shoot more daggers and deal more damage. As you would guess, progressing farther also means the gets even harder, spawning in more enemies at a time, or spawning in a new enemy type. There is 13 different enemies in this game, all have really unique models, and all produce their own unique sound, so you can have an easier time keeping track where certain enemies are. You have no health, you get hit once, you die. Standing still will get you killed in this game.When you complete your run, you are given your score, which is how long you lasted. My best record after numerous attempts was 195.9962. The cool thing is your best run is saved as a replay, so your friends can view it, or other people can look on the leaderboard and view your run. This idea is cool, as you can watch how other people played and learn off them to get farther. After watching the top players, I've determined that I will never be that skilled in being able to make it to the final boss, and beating the 500 seconds achievement. (Also convinced the few top ten that made it over 700 are aimbots based on how they move and aim.)For a game that was coded from the ground up in a custom engine, this game runs smooth and is rock solid! Runs at a silky smooth 300FPS and does not lag or glitch ever. There is an FOV slider (which I guess wasn't in the game originally) that goes from 75-120. The game boots up fast and loads almost instantly. There is also a soundtrack which was added in later, and it's metal as f**k!This is a fun little game that just makes me go back and ""play one more round"" till my adrenaline gets way too high, and have to stop and take a break. I would play more, but I just don't think my heart can handle it. Some people would argue that there isn't much ""Content"" in this game, but this is for those hardcore old school FPS fans that love that extra challenge. For the $5 it's a great buy and great to support the Dev. I would LOVE to see the Dev make a full game similar to QUAKE, as they clearly have the know how.Pros:- Fast Paced Arcade FPS- Great Graphics- Great Monster Designs- Great Sound Effects- Leaderboards- Very Well Optimized- Hardcore Difficulty- Only Worth $5- 1 Achievement (Hard as hell)Cons:- No Steam Cards- Some may not like this as it's only the 1 gamemode.- 1 Achievement (Hard as hell)Some may not like it, but like I said, I would love to see what the Dev makes up next. We can only hope it will be the next QUAKE! :D"
,Not Recommended,422970,21360017,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,rgk,"Devil Daggers is an arcade scoring FPS. While this review is negative, it only means that I do not personally recommend the game. It does not mean that I think that this is a terrible game, so please do not vote me down just because you are a fanboy defending your game.That being said, Devil Daggers consists of surviving as long as possible in a (very small) square where darkness reigns, while killing hundreds of skulls thrown at you. That's all there is to the game, no levels to beat, no permanent or temporary progression, just occasionally a new enemy type makes its appearance while the skulls keep swarming and swarming.Tentacle pillars dispense skulls and need to be disposed of quickly after their first batch before they vomit an overwhelming army. Flying skulls are quick, they home in on the players, and are a CONSTANT pain to deal with. Very rarely there is a moment to breathe, which means that the pacing of the game is very intense, and in my opinion completely off. It feels tedious and repetitive. Moreover, always the same enemies are coming at the same moment, so unlike roguelites the player does not learn the systems and then adapt to different situations: here, the sequence is the same, so the player has to do the same thing over and over until they learn the partition of the music they play (although there is no in-game soundtrack).I would compare this game to Super Hexagon: play the sequence over and over until you get good at mastering it, and then get farther into the game.Conversely, I suppose that some very skilled players would be able to get quite far without needing to learn the sequence, just by sheer skill of shooting and moving, The shooting consists of pressing once for shotgun or keeping the finger of the mouse for machine gun fire. Collecting gems from enemies (stop shooting to attract them like a magnet) eventually upgrades the firepower. Shooting feels good, just too bad that I am fighting swarms of skulls and not interesting enemy types that come in waves inside a bigger arena.A very interesting addition to this game is the ability to watch the replay from anyone in the leaderboard. Very useful to learn or just be mesmerized at the graphics without focusing on surviving.To me the main draw of the game is the art style and atmosphere (although there is no in-game soundtrack). The graphics and gameplay throw back to Quake, and will probably attract the same kind of elitist crowd. Sadly, the content is too simple and repetitive."
,Recommended,422970,30363206,Posted: 6 March,all,STRoadWarrior,"An absolutely exhilarating game. I suppose you can say this is a bit like if Quake and Heretic were put together into a game about surviving an arena with an endless amount of enemies. This isn't an FPS where you can mindlessly run around and shoot enemies, you need to think quickly and react even quicker while you attempt to bunnyhop away from the hordes of skulls that never let up.A lot of people complain that they can't survive for long, and I know this may seem very unhelpful, but 'get gud' is literally all there is to it. When you first play, you will die over and over and over again. But over time you will learn patterns, how to prioritise your targets in any situation, and generally improve your aim.But even then, there are many guides that will give you a lot of information on the game and its enemies, such as their health and behaviour (as well as tips for fighting them):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=640200664The game's soundtrack is pretty much composed of the sound effects. Everything from the general ambience to the sounds of the enemies gives the game a very uneasy feeling. The game has a (particularly frightening) menu theme, but doesn't really have any music playing during a run (probably since listening for your enemies' audio cues is so important), but I suppose you could just play Quake 1's soundtrack in the background.The artstyle is also lovely too. Not only does it take direct inspiration from Quake 1's unique gothic looks but it pretty much nails the 'ye olde' FPS look entirely. The devs made sure the 90s look actually looks 90s without lazily making the game look like minecraft just for the sake of 'wow so retro!'The game on the whole is bloody brilliant, and it's only 4 quid! The game might not have a large amount of content, but you'll want to keep playing due to your desire to get better and beat your times.The only thing I hope for now from the devs is a sequel that expands the game with a single player campaign. Even if it's not a direct sequel to Devil Daggers, it would still be amazing if it still has the same kind of artstyle and gameplay with handcrafted levels. It would essentially be the Quake 1 sequel we never got (though I suppose DUSK will scratch this itch for the meantime).Recommended!"
,Recommended,422970,23356801,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,emptyfriendlist,I damaged my eyesight because of this game.10/10
,Recommended,422970,29446733,Posted: 23 January,all,chum,"This game embodies the idea of 'less is more'.  Although it is incredibly difficult to reach the goal time of 500 seconds, the excitement of beating your own record and aiming for the global scoreboard make this one of the best games I've played in a long time.  At the time I'm writing this I'm ranked 230 out of nearly 100,000 players.  With a high score of just under 400 seconds and over 30 hours played, I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone.  I didn't expect to like the gameplay, and I don't think everyone will, but if you're on the fence of buying this game I think you should definitely pull the trigger.  At an entry price of five dollars, you aren't risking much. Hands down the most game for my money I can remember."
76561198148310354,Recommended,422970,25050241,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Woeste Wessel,Not available in this game:-hello kitty skillgap-pay to win-XP to win
,Recommended,422970,23161255,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,zero ambition [ХОЙ],This game really hates you
,Recommended,422970,22079144,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,doublewhiskeycokenoice,I feel like I went to Hell 10/10
,Recommended,422970,32013481,Posted: 28 May,all,HeAdshôT?,"A simple, yet incredibly fun game to play. You hop into the game, and find yourself in an arena where you have to fight off waves of monsters that progressively gets harder the more time passes. In return, you slowly develop your weapon as you defeat more enemies - eventually unlocking an ability that will save your life when used wisely.What makes this game stand out is the retro-FPS style graphics it offers, making it visually and aesthetically pleasing to look at - offering nostaglia to the lovers of Quake/Doom days of FPS. Accompaning this would be the sound design - how your weapon sounds to the variety of terrifying monster noises as you fight, as well as the OST for the game.5 bucks ain't much, so take a look at it. You definitely won't regret the purchase imo.9/10"
76561198002733141,Recommended,422970,33910426,Posted: 30 July,all,IDENWIHAM,Bought the game for some one about a year and a half ago and told them to beat my score.They've yet to follow through.This is one of those games that's under-appreciated. It's very simple process.You pick up shiny knife in the abyss of what you assume is hell.And then nightmarish creatures from the fifth dimension try to stop you from peeling potato with new knife.I give it 9/10 vodka shots.Still can't peel my ♥♥♥♥ing potatos with this dagger.
,Recommended,422970,21375177,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,space girlfriend,"This game has given me arcade fever. It feels like Quake with more hellish legions. The sounds and visuals are stunning, the rounds are fast and brutal, and the controls are super tight. There's just enough momentum in your hopping and shotgun-jumping to make tight maneuvers challenging but rewarding to pull off. Each round lasts about 60-90 seconds (for me) and they always get me pumped. I'm not really someone who's typically driven by competition, but the challenge this game presents is too tempting for me to turn down. It's an incredible bullet hell that's devilishly satisfying to play.One of my favorite features is how you can download and watch replays from the people topping the leaderboards so you can learn some of the tactics they use to stay alive. And in a game like this where mechanical mastery and knowledge of the challenges you'll have to face are key to survival, that's an amazing feature. Even the top-scoring run is less than eight minutes long at the time of writing this - which means the game is incredibly challenging - but there's a lot of nuance in understanding the enemy design and movement, so having an opportunity to see the game from the perspective of someone who clearly has a level of mastery beyond your own is invaluable.The game almost feels minimalist in design. There's one game mode, and the core of the gameplay is super simple to learn. But it's brilliant in execution. It's extremely satisfying. I'm addicted to trying to beat my friends' scores. I cannot recommend this game more highly for the price."
,Recommended,422970,24148967,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Velka,"Devil Daggers doesn't mess around.Another simple game that's suppose to ""brings you back to the old days"" while also implying that it's that dreaded word; ""Classic."" Absolutely disgusting. But is Devil Daggers able to back itself up on its claim?GameplayYou're thrust into combat almost immediately after grabbing your titular devil dagger. Faced with hordes of demonic monstrosities and stuck on a circular arena, you're forced to fight to the death in an excellently designed game. Devil Daggers only has one game mode, which is to survive, and it makes sure you're on your toes at all times. Your weapon feels responsive and powerful, upgrading when you've killed enough enemies and collected gems, and your character moves with agility and responsiveness. Imagine playing a DOOM style game, but with only one weapon and hordes of scumbags to mow down. Absolutely hectic fun that any one will get addicted to in no time.GraphicsDevil Daggers looks pretty good for what it is. The models are very well done and nothing is particularly hampering to gameplay. It may get a bit painful to play for extended periods of time though. With no pause button and some pretty flashy lights, you'll quickly grow tired of looking at the screen. Play in moderation, kids.OverallAbsolutely a must buy if you're looking for an excellent time waster. With fun, enticing, and simple gameplay, and a functioning high score board, Devil Daggers manages to go back to our arcade roots and give us a kickass experience. Pick it up, whether at full price or on sale. Definitely worth the investment.Hey, I didn't make a single 666 joke this entire review, can I get a head pat?EDIT 1: Fixed a minor mistake in regards to the graphics."
,Recommended,422970,21559454,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ZZT-X,"Robotron 2084andQuakehad an unholy union and produced a game Zdzislaw Beksinski would call beautiful.You're a guy/gal in a small, dark arena with a glowing hand that shoots daggers, either in a steady, rapid stream or a shotgun-like blast (there's also homing daggers, but that's later). All around you are flying skulls, spider skulls, worm skulls, and more skulls. Destroy them in an effort to last as long as possible - high scores are measured in seconds (to four decimal places), and nothing else.And it'shard. Like, really damnhard. When you start out, you probably won't last much longer than 50 seconds for the first few plays as you learn the behaviors of the monsters, as well as the Do's and Don'ts of maneuvering in such a claustrophobic slice of Hell. It is a testament to this game's design, however, that with repeated play you will get noticeably better. There's more skill than luck involved in good play, and you'll start to wonder how you could ever manage the indignity of a 50-second time again as you start climbing to the 100, 200, 300 second marks and beyond. There is a method to the madness this game throws at you, one spooky wave after another, and it will pummel the method right into you.Aesthetically, this game ison point.The art direction is a deliberate nod toQuakemore than anything - I believe the developers said they were going for the feel of a ""'90s shooter fever dream."" Sounds about right.The deliberately low-res graphics are brown and black and red all over (not a criticism - it fits right in), and the monster designs are as creepy as they are well-rendered.The sounds are of an auditory palette that is altogether eerie, otherworldly, and unsettling.Even the menu music is the sort of industrial nightmare that Trent Reznor could've whipped up.The action itself is fluid, jank-free and suited to the pace this game expects of you. In further nods toQuakeand its brood, there's bunny-hopping and ""rocket""-jumping (firing the dagger blast into the ground) to get around, though I've only found limited use for the latter. Top replays I've watched seem to reinforce this, unless I'm not watching closely enough.If I have one knock against the game, it's that around the 500 second mark the game shifts into a sort of Thermonuclear Player-Must-Die mode which renders any times past that point more of a matter of luck than skill. Granted, the whole ""goal"" of the game seems to be to last that long - 500+ second runs are highlighted in red on the leaderboards, and it's the requirement of the game's sole achievement, ""Devil Dagger."" I suppose that's just me wishing this could go on forever, or that the skill ceiling could be set even higher now that there's 5 players (as of March 1, 2016) who've surpassed the 500 mark, with two of them within just 15 seconds of 600 - I want to see just how far they can reach within this platform without it gettingtoounfair.However, for $5, reaching the ""goal"" will give you alotof bang for your buck.If you like arcadey twitch-action shooters,Devil Daggersis probably the best bargain buy you can get on Steam. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,422970,24156282,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Littlebert,"Point, Shoot, Lose and Repeat.I love it, 10/10Ignore the hours played. Totally not addicted....I think the best thing about this game is the community. Through reddit, steam discussion forums and streaming on twitch I've met so many cool and awesome people either willing to help and discuss and made some good friends.It also helped me to find god. All praise Dark Lords Bowsr & Sojk. Blessed be thy gigapede spawns.I'm now happily married to the beautiful spider 2 after she casually impregnated me while doing gigascrapes. She's feisty but fun.I found Faith, Love, Friends and Family all for the low low price of £4. Bargain."
,Recommended,422970,25420750,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Oscillopathic Quatriopteryx,"This friggin game.I hope the developers make DLC or a sequel with more than just this circular platform survival mode... But on the other hand, I kind of adore the simplicity. It's like the ultimate modern arcade game. Being able to download and see any run on the leaderboard is a fantastic feature that more games should strive to include.The aesthetics are ON POINT. The decision to use low-res 90's-style graphics is bold and it just feels right. The pixelated roughness actually  makes everything feel more brutal.The sound design is fantastic too. Every enemy has distinct sounds that let you know exactly what is spawning, and the surround sound implementation is extremely immersive and helpful.Super intense, super frustrating, super fun and rewarding. Will have you yelling and saying ""Okay okay just one more try"" over and over again. It took me 5 hours to get to 190 seconds. I look forward to this team's future projects."
,Recommended,422970,26839418,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elykar,"An incredible pure-gameplay experience.There is perhaps a modicum of a ""story"" here but it is basically a pure first-person-shooter gameplay experience and an adrenaline packed one at that. You step forward in the dark to grab the only thing you can see, a dagger and the experience begins. Sounds alert you to what direction you should be facing and you see a low-poly column in the distance. Suddenly it starts spewing out skulls. Kill them all, one hit and you're dead.The action builds to a wonderful crescendo, the longer you last, the harder the game tries to kill you. At a certain point if you're like me you'll slip into a kind of zen, where you aren't actively ""paying attention"" but you are able to do quick, slight turns to knock a skull out of reality. The enemies have a wonderful gothic feel and the game keeps pulling you back even as it pushes you away with punishing difficulty. The goal? Live as long as you can and beat the others who have played. I have made it into the top 1000 players and I think that is the best I can hope for at the moment.This game is worth whatever price is currently on it if you like FPS gameplay and challenging yourself."
,Recommended,422970,21782614,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nope,The only time you'll be happy lasting two minutes!
,Recommended,422970,28390795,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Indurok,"This game may not be for casual gamers like me, but I still think this game is really cool. Definitely reminded me of Doom when I first saw it, with all the demon killing. Only this feels more fast-paced, and you can't stop moving for even a second or you'll get murdered by the dozens of little skull dudes.Seriously, I suck at this game. But I really like it a lot."
,Recommended,422970,30881103,Posted: 1 April,all,RenBit,Addicting as hell and surprisingly beautiful. Precise controls and a hellish learning curve. Sound design is the best I've ever heard and the graphics are quite incredible for such low resolution.You want to survive?You need power.You want power?You need to survive.10/10
,Recommended,422970,28849568,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,skrrt bop bop,"What a game.With nostalgic PS1-style graphics and sounds, and basic but exciting and enjoyable gameplay, this is as good an ode to old-style gaming as you will find.The concept is simple: fire endless streams of daggers at endless hordes of various demons until one kills you. As time goes on, more demons will begin to spawn around you. That's it. This sounds monotonous but the sheer difficulty and unforgiving nature of this game means that you die over and over and over again but you don't get frustrated and you don't get bored. I say unforgiving, the arena is relatively small and there are often more than fifty of these demons to contend with. Take into account the fact that one touch from any enemy will end your run, and it is clear to see how this game would be a tough one.Regardless, it's dirt cheap, the controls are as simple as they come, (requiring the use of just WASD, Space, and the mouse) and the atmosphere the game creates, especially when played in the dark with headphones on, is incredible- one of the best I've ever experienced in any video game. Each demon has its own individual 'cry,' meaning the player knows, if they listen carefully, which demons are in the arena at the given time, and more importantly, where they are.This is without doubt my single favourite release of 2016, definitely my vote for game of the year. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to anybody."
,Recommended,422970,22269261,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,zid,"Best 4.99 euro ever spent for a game.Epic graphics and movement engine, the sound and noises you hear in this game are a real state of art, the concept is simple yet genious with an infinite skill ceiling.BUY IT! :P"
,Recommended,422970,21532705,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Badgerlord,You haven't lived until you've died in Devil Daggers
,Recommended,422970,21401841,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,garry,You will hate it and loving it equally
76561198271635804,Recommended,422970,24199944,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,artic-,It is challenging as its fun died alot even if only have a few minutes in the game i will still play more and there is something addicting in this game that you'll play this for a long time it even has an oldschool feeling and one last thing its a great game. BUY IT! BUY IT! ITS CHEAP BUY IT NOW!
76561197970103344,Recommended,422970,26163078,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,DAD HAMMER,"It says I only have a couple of hours played... DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA OF THE DEATH I'VE SEEN!Incredibly addictive high score hunter. 100% Skill required, visceral, gutteral, violent and terrifying.Aboslutely brutal sound design, the longer you survive the more insane it gets, your hand glows epilepcy inducing colours of power, spitting out millions of daggers ripping thousands of enemies to pieces.But remember this - One hit from anything kills you."
,Recommended,422970,29317790,Posted: 17 January,all,Lambientan,I bought this because I'm bad at first person shooters but I want to practice and shoot things that constantly move without handing my a** in online games as always I try them... I don't know if it's working as practice and I don't care. This game is pure fun.The gameplay is very simple: you shoot at everthing that moves. The dificulty is also simple: the number of enemies increases as time advances. The objective: last as long as you can. The controls are very smooth.
76561197970894854,Recommended,422970,21722271,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,aircawn,"Boiled down, this game is about running the same arena over and over for better times on the leaderboard. You probably already know if that's your thing, and if it isn't, avoid.If it is however, Devil Daggers is recommended.The important things to note are:- This game is rock hard. Don't be surprised if you're stuck below the 40 second mark for a while.- Nothing is explained in-game. While this adds some mystery and discovery elements, it also adds artifical difficulty. (Read the Gameplay Features section on its Steam page to get an idea of some of the core abilities available to you).- There is enough RNG in the game to keep it from getting stale, but not so much that it distorts the rankings on the leaderboards. As a result, people's records feel fair.- You can view in-game replays of other player's records. This will spoil whole sections of the game, but does demonstrate that these 600 second runs are in fact completely achievable.The art and sound design is unique enough to give the game its own charms. In particular I'm very fond of the audio, a disturbing mix of the organic and synthetic.Overall recommended, but can get repetitive if you weren't already keen on this style of play."
,Recommended,422970,33362282,Posted: 7 July,all,roguefrog,A completely nightmare-hellish never-ending forever until you are dead 1 hit insta-death single arena endless wave shooter of increasingly EXTREME difficulty replete with retro Quake 1 aesthetic...and absolutely excellent sound design. (mind your audio cues)Recommended.P.S. It's an FPS SHMUP
76561198071596100,Recommended,422970,21657788,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Your Friendly Neighborhood Jew,"This game is one of the most chaotic, insane, and psychotically beautiful games I have played in recent memoryit reduces you to pure adrenaline and the primal urge to SHOOT EVERYTHINGthe chaos rises and soon the inevitable happensyou dieyou look at your score thinking ""I bet I survived about a minute or two right?""NOPETWENTY FIVE SECONDSBottom line, this game is chaotic, beautiful, and amazing, can't recommend enough"
,Recommended,422970,30531534,Posted: 15 March,all,Hat Skeleton!,"DEVIL DAGGERSDevil Daggers is a very nicely designed indie game, that is essentially an endless arena shooter, competing to beat everyone else's scores. How good is it? Let's find out.DEMON BLASTING FUNDevil Daggers is just straight up fun. You will die in one hit. No ifs, ands or buts. The difficulty is absolutely off the scale. The game is simply nothing but endless Demon killing fun. No interuptions. You are equipped with two weapons; a rapid-fire SMG-like spell, and a super-powered shotgun-like spell. Both serve their uses to the fullest, and are very balanced in terms of enemy damage. The most common enemy you'll see are the Skulls, which are spawned from big tentacle monsters. These Skulls die in 1-3 hits, and will swarm you by the hundreds if left alive. Not killing them will result in their speed becoming faster, this makes tactical kiting a must if you want to stay alive. Some other harder and less common enemies include Spiders, Horned Skulls and Worms. All of these serve as harder enemies that will attack once you get past a certain time limit. The sound design and graphical is absolutely fantastic, and brought me back to games like DOOM. You can even watch replays to see where you went wrong, which is a cute feature. And then there's the online leaderboards, which are self-explanatory. This game's one flaw is how small it is. Even though it has alot of content, there is only one single map, and it is no bigger than 50x50 meters. This is still satisfying, but I'd like to see more maps, you know?RATINGDevil Daggers delivers and absolutely fantastic nostalgia trip into an unholy-blasting first person shooter, and it is one of the best small games I have ever played. Do your self a favour: spare the chocolate-bar price and pick this up, you won't regret it. It will bring you hours of frustrating and rewarding gameplay. I always think that you should rate games based on price to content, and for this game, I give it an easy8.8/10."
,Recommended,422970,29351322,Posted: 18 January,all,JacquesLeSauve,"In the simplest terms, Devil Daggers is a single-player, first-person shooter that wears its old-school love and inspiration proudly on its sleeve; with its visuals borrowing very heavily from the '90s classic, Quake, and its gameplay taking notes from a litany of any number of similar titles from the era. But as simple and disarmingly minimalist as the game can seem, there is a surprising amount of nuance to be found.You start off in an arena of grey slabs surrounded by a void of darkness and with a red right hand in the bottom centre of the screen pointing two fingers outwards as your weapon. A strange sound chirps in the darkness and a tiny red dot appears in the distance. You move towards it to find what can only be described as an inverted, v*ginal spire with tentacles writhing from the top of it as it rotates slowly. Before you even have time to admire/despise it, skulls spew forth and descend upon you. Either holding or tapping the left mouse button, you will launch a barrage of red globules in an assault rifle-like spray, or blast them out like a burst from a shotgun. Do this to dispatch endless waves of twisted, demonic enemies until you take a single hit and die. Sounds simple, right?... WRONG! Chances are you'll probably die within seconds on your first attempt. But you'll still keep coming back for more.As I said, there is nuance, like strange bunny hop techniques that can be applied or shooting at the ground for a small rocket jump, and probably all sorts of other things that I just can't wrap my head around that divide the greats from the goods. Certain downed enemies will also drop red gems which are used to upgrade the power of your shots. You can collect these manually, but if you hold your fire they'll be attracted to you, while your ""shotgun"" blasts will knock them away from you, opening up some risk-reward style management. Or, alternatively, abandon all sense of strategy and considered methodology and just fire everywhere in a blind panic for as long as you can and hope for the best. Both are fine options.It is a single-player experience, but online leaderboards add some spice to proceedings. Every single run is recorded, and the best times are saved to allow other players to see exactly how that particular attempt played out and maybe even pick up some tips along the way. Though, that said, having watched the masters and seen how they survived far, far, FAR in excess of my own times, I have to say I've learned absolutely nothing other than the fact some people just operate on a whole other plain than me that I'll never be able to achieve or even understand. So that's nice. But the friend leaderboards can be a real hoot as you try to outdo one another and could add a lot of longevity if lots of people you know are playing it as well.It's a weird game in that I don't think I can honestly say I ever actually hadfunwith it at any point, but it is most definitely compelling and has that ""one more go"" factor perfectly baked into it. As overwhelming as it can sometimes be when you inevitably fail to properly manage the onslaught and eventually die, at no point did I ever feel as though what I was up against was impossible, or even beyond my skill level, was more the case that I was making poor decisions or panicking or failing to take proper notice of my surroundings and was dying a stupid death. And that's what it is that makes it work so well, the feeling that you could always do better and like that next milestone is just another few attempts away, always onlyjustoutside of your grasp, but still close enough to touch.While there may be some things I'd like to be different in the game (like certain movement patterns of enemies being more consistent or predictable, or having actual isolated waves rather than the continued pile-on being throw at you whether you're ready or not), I can't shake the feeling that almost everything about the game is pretty much exactly as it's intended to be and you just have to deal with it and figure it out yourself. And if that's the vision they have for the game, then you can't really argue much with that.Special mention also has to go to the sound design that's an amazing example of incorporating audio into gameplay in a meaningful way beyond simply setting a tone. Every enemy is signposted by an audio cue whenever they spawn, and the distinct sounds they make as they hover around and chase you is key to your survival. Although, the game is an increasing assault on the senses the further into the ranks of demons you drill through until everything is just visual and aural noise that will likely overwhelm all but the most expert of players.As limited and one-note as it might potentially be for some, for shooter fans, score addicts and masochists alike, this is definitely worth a recommendation, or at the very least, worth some investigation. And if a bunch of people can get this together, then all the better."
76561198028519947,Recommended,422970,21698047,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Sergeant Bear,I never knew hell could be so fun.
76561198087186278,Recommended,422970,33646771,Posted: 19 July,all,Rathguard,You need 3 things to enjoy Devil Daggers.Utterly dedicated patience.An endless supply of warm fuzzy feelings to calm your♥♥♥♥♥♥A computer.
76561197975490238,Recommended,422970,21305210,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Beerfox,"One of those great ""just one more go"" titles. Fast and frantic, try to keep those horrors under control with your hand of doom!For once no one will judge you if you can't last longer than a minute....here it does happen all the time and it is normal.4 quid as well, true gem and bargain."
76561198033873751,Recommended,422970,32083134,Posted: 31 May,all,3ch0 F4t3,"Movement, accuracy, and strategy all clumped into this nightmare arena... I'm in the top 4,000 in the world and i'm no where close to the top 10... Even top 4,000 was a major task! This game is addicting... All you want is to get a couple more seconds in the arena... You WANT to see the next phase... This is a true testament to the FPS, Arcade, Arena, and Strategy games. Bugs or glitches? NOPE!!!! This game is literally FLAWLESS!!!!"
76561198063142158,Recommended,422970,25068623,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,clonevacuum,"The art direction is impeccable, same goes for sound design which gives an amazingly eerie atmosphere to the environment which is only accentuated by the cackles of the copious amounts skeletal demons whom will all intelligently navigate around the the level. The many hordes of this hellish plane writhe in a satisfying way as they slowly begin to overwhelm you-- which you will be; I have only survived around about 169 seconds, yes it's hard- very hard, and its AMAZING. There is support from the indie dev whom I now love, I can only hope for some future steam workshop support for perhaps some new levels since- as it stands, you fight off the swarm on a single plane. The game might not need anything more than it has but I justcan notget enough and hope if nothing else Sorath will continue to provide us with new enemy types. Overall this is anAMAZINGgame, even if it might not seem like there is much content it is entertaining to no end."
,Recommended,422970,24790049,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tony Cheese,"This game is great.  It has fluid controls. The enemy design is great.It has simple mechanics but still has depth to discover.This is one of the hardest games I've played in a long time, and yet someplayers make it look easy in the replays you can play straight off the leaderboards.Truly a masterpiece at only $5.  Do yourself a favor and buy it."
76561197970857116,Recommended,422970,31927933,Posted: 23 May,all,Gorgio,"If you enjoy never reaching your goals get this game, as you will never get that achievement2/2"
,Recommended,422970,21682327,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DrPoop,"I've been tired of single player games for a long time.  Have absolutely no interest in doing a play along story in a dead cartoon world.  I play games to compete, and high score games give me that fix in a single player realm.This game is not only that, but an absolute work of art.  I really do mean that.  That feeling when you played the original doom, quake, and diablo is fealt here.  It's a feeling of dread, a feeling of hopelessness.  The art style really sets this game apart from many indie titles.By the way this game has one level, and it's a level you will never beat."
76561198115915690,Recommended,422970,34656494,Posted: 1 September,all,Deathlift,Never drink caffeine and play.Had the worst nightmares.666/666
,Recommended,422970,21594776,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ziks,help me
,Recommended,422970,22889616,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ZZ,"After playing this game for roughly one hour, I can safely say that you should stop reading reviews and just buy the game."
,Recommended,422970,22075698,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kaninchenbau,This game will consume your soul if you allow it. It is an actual insight into Hell itself. You have been warned.
,Recommended,422970,21652052,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Profesional Batleground Player,"great game for play,very reccomendet"
,Recommended,422970,24241271,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,oh dang,"It's real good.Whining that it doesn't have conventional ""levels"" is real stupid."
,Recommended,422970,31821598,Posted: 18 May,all,Andro™,Challenging and can be very addicitive but also rage-inducing but also amazing but also annoying but also fun but also frustrating but also extremely exciting.8.7654321 / 10
,Recommended,422970,21600554,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mymothersmeatloaf,"When I first saw this on steam I didn't know what to think of it. Got it because I thought it looked cool, Was out in my living room at the time trying to play it with a steam controller. Never will again.I don't think I've ever become so adddicted to something so simple since cookie clicker.During a playthrough I finally got the slow time ability and eventually made it to the second place on my friends leaderboards, it was the most adrenaline pumping experience I've ever had."
,Recommended,422970,34524725,Posted: 27 August,all,jay,Great visuals A+ audio design super refined simple gameplay with a lot of nuancesick game play it
,Recommended,422970,34943640,Posted: 14 September,all,Tegiminis,"This game is perfect. Absolutely, unequivocally perfect. Nothing is out of place, nothing is unintentional or poorly planned. A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,422970,23176800,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,.Frost.,"Get killing fast or get dying fast! This game is a real challenge, but that is what keeps you coming back for more. I am unlikely to get the ""lone achievement"" where you must survive 500+seconds in game, but it is always there to strive to.It is a nice fun game to play for 10-15mins at a time, as I think playing longer would drive you crazy! To me it is a short burst game: have some fun and come back later, because the ultimate challenge will always be there. Also having a fresh mind-set is always a good thing, when you need to be fast, but accurate!Really enjoyed it so far and I do hope to increase my skills in it. I think $5 for this game is good value, as you will come back time and time again trying to improve your time and maybe if you are lucky enough, even get that super hard achievement!Thanks to the Dev, for making something so simple, yet so challenging. Harks back to the good old days of gaming!I give this a 4 out of 5 Beers.Cheers,Frost"
76561198115066152,Recommended,422970,30091443,Posted: 21 February,all,Semi-Casualty,Geometry Wars meets Doom
,Recommended,422970,21350063,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CircumSamurai,"A small but shining gem of what an indie game can be. It does everything it says it can on the package, and does it all while looking great, feeling great, and sounding great too.Positives:-The visuals, the sound design, the gamefeel, all of these work together very well to create something new and unique while also harkening back to older, more cozier days of PC gaming.-Satisfying and challenging combat that usually makes you want to give it another go after you die.-Really cool leader boards system that lets you see your friends and other top players runs with the ability to slow them down and see how exaclty they survived for that long.-An overall awesome little package for only $5.Cons:-There might not be enough in the game to interest some players. An endless survival mode has the possibility to be boring for some, even when everything else in it is great.-The sheer challenge of surviving long enough to see what other types of hellish hordes the game has to throw at you might be simply too challenging for some players to accomplish. So far, there are no easy modes or cheat codes to accomodate them, albeit if there were easy-modes/cheats, it would be best that the leaderboards would be disabled in those modes of course.Overall:This game shows real heart, talent, and effort. It is beautifully Hellish, and capitolizes on this with it's punishing but satisfying gameplay. One can only hope that sometime in the future there will be more to this, or more from these devs, because the engine is amazing in how well it makes retro work on modern day machines. It would be a godsend if it were to one day become open source... But for now, I'll enjoy ramming my skull against others in this Devilishly Demonic game."
76561197995992757,Recommended,422970,21306463,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DerpDerpOverkill,"[English version, wersja polska piętro niżej]First of all, I usually don't make a habit of writing a review before I have spent some time with the game in question, but this particular time I get the impression I could have written this review without even playing Devil Daggers (quite an irritating title, don't you think? That „s” in particular.  I tend to call it Devil's Dagger whenever I mention it to anyone and then immediately correct myself), because the game is exactly what it says on the tin. And is pretty damn good at it.To describe the presentation, let me quote on Shakespeare's: This game is such stuff as dreams are made on”. Not the particularly good dreams though. Pretty nightmarish ones to be honest, and I feel in an hour or two I'll be rather unhappy with myself having decided to play Devil Daggers in headphones, with lights out and home alone. I mean, the game looks like the classic DooM's best moments mixed with the Silent Hill 1- tier disturbing sounds and glued together with the best looking blood I have seen in some time in games (and I've gone to the control panel and shoved some AA and Triple Buffering down the satan's throat - they don't do game much good, but if I'm in hell I could as well play by my own rules).Not like you will get chance to enjoy the views since Devil Daggers is actually fast and unforgiving. And we're talking here Quake 1 fast. As far as the „unforgiving” part is concerned – one hit and it's over. And no, it's not an uncommon sight to have 30 or so enemies onscreen at a time. Imagine Serious Sam series (sounds awesome) with one hit point. Got the image ?My major (and by major I mean the only, but rather significant) problem with the game is the lack of diversity. I mean, the only thing that really changes are the kinds and the numbers of enemies on the screen. Ok, to be fair you can improve your weapons one or two times (and trust me, they look and sound -just like everything in this game – nightmarishly gorgeous) but still, I have felt tired with the game after the first hour. Which isn't good. But there are strafe jumps and rocket jumps which is.To be honest, if you enjoy arena shooters and beating your and your friend's high scores you could completely disregard my complaint. From that standpoint, the Devil Dagger's pricetag is more than fair. I am well aware that I enjoy my games mostly for the storyline and character development. At this point you should probably ask why the flying ♥♥♥♥ am I buying and reviewing the game utterly devoid of the elements I like and my answer would probably be that I want to support the developers. I definitely enjoy the game's aesthetics and I hope that the game sells well enough for the authors to introduce some variety in the content patches. And maybe some randomly generated dungeons and some excuse plot the next time we meet? Please?[wersja polska]Pozwólcie, że zaczniemy od stwierdzenia że zazwyczaj nie piszę recek zanim nie spędzę z daną grą dłuższej chwili. Tym razem jednak odnoszę wrażenie że „Devil Daggersy” (jak mnie irytuje ta nazwa, „s” mi zawsze ucieka, piszę Devil's Dagger a potem się poprawiam) mógłbym recenzować nie uruchamiając w ogóle gry. Głównie dlatego że wystarczy obejrzeć trailer żeby wiedzieć dokładnie co się dostaje kupując grę. Devil Daggers uruchamiamy po to żeby przekonać się że jest, wybaczcie stwierdzenie, diablo dobra w tym co robi.Pozwólcie, że żeby opisać to jak gra się prezentuje powołam się na Shakespeare'owskie „Jest z tego samego materiału co nasze sny”. Tylko nie te dobre sny. Bardziej te paskudne, małe, psychodeliczne koszmarki i mam wrażenie że za jakąś godzinę czy dwie nie będę mógł sobie darować że postanowiłem grać w Devil Daggers ze słuchawkami, przy zgaszonym świetle i sam w domu. Serio, weźcie najlepsze momenty klasycznych DooMów, dodajcie niepokojące dżwięki jakby żywcem wydarte z pierwszego Silent Hilla i sklejcie to wszystko najlepiej wyglądającą krwią jaką widzieliście od dość dawna w grach - macie Devil Daggers (na marginesie, wskoczyłem do kontrolek karty graficznej i wepchnąłem szatanowi w gardło AA i Potrójne buforowanie – absolutnie nie zmieniają wyglądu gry, ale skoro już jestem w piekle, mogę grać na własnych zasadach).Z resztą Devil Daggers nie daje czasu na podziwianie widoków – jest szybki i wymagający. I mówimy tu o „szybki” na poziomie Quake 1 multi a przez „wymagający” rozumiem „jedno uderzenie i po tobie”. No to dodajmy jeszcze że 30+ przeciwników na ekranie to całkiem częsty widok po pierwszej minucie gry. Serious Sam z jednym hit pointem dobrze oddaje to co chcę tu przekazać.Moim głównym (i przez głównym rozumiem: jedynym ale znaczącym) problemem z tą grą jest brak różnorodności. Z tego co wiem dostajemy jedną planszę w nieskończoność, zmienia się tylko liczba i rodzaj przeciwników, ulepszamy broń raz czy dwa, ale to tyle. Szczerze mówiąc DD zmęczyło mnie po mniej niż godzinie a nie jest to dobra wiadomość. Ale są strafe i rocket jumpy co już dobrą wiadomością jak najbardziej jest.Szczerze mówiąc, jeżeli lubicie bić rekordy swoje i kolegów, i pasuje wam idea bycia rzuconym na arene z setką przeciwników najspokojniej w świecie olejcie moje narzekania i kupcie DD bo pięć euro (czyli jakieś 22 złote polskie) to uczciwa cena. Nigdy nie kryłem się z tym że w grach cenię sobie przede wszystkim rozwój fabuły i postaci. I oczywiście jest to dobry moment żeby zapytać po c*** kupuję grę zupełnie pozbawioną tych elementów i najrozsądniejsze co mi przyjdzie wtedy do głowy to powiedzieć że chcę wesprzeć twórców. Dobrze wiem że nie spędzę przy DD tyle czasu co z Necrodancerem czy innym Izaakiem, ale chciałbym żeby ta gra się dobrze sprzedała i może goście z Sorath w następnej grze dadzą nam jakieś losowo generowane lochy? Może nawet jakąś niezobowiązującą fabułę gdzieś w tle? Proszę?"
,Recommended,422970,21434533,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,♥ Gremlin D.va ♥,"Also known as  ""Keep the Dancefloor Clean Simulator"", this game is actually very challenging, with no brakes on the learning train. When starting out, your games are gonna be small (45 seconds about), but as you learn, you get to play more, see more, learn more. as of this review, Im 115 seconds in, and Im loving every moment of it. If you enjoy challenges, this will surely be a great way to test yourselfKeep the floor clean = you live longer.live longer = better timestimes are your scoreEvery noise matters, every second matters, each second brings you closer to beating the game[You'll never win]"
,Recommended,422970,25945531,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,hardcore gamer,One of my favorite games to spend half an hour on at a time. Easily the best $5 you can spend on a video game.
,Recommended,422970,30130578,Posted: 23 February,all,eelijah,"this game has just about everything i would ever want out of a video game. arena shooter mechanics, punishing but fair difficulty, slick DOOM-y aesthetic, incredible lo-fi graphical style, and above all else the amazing sound design which continually astounds me every time i play with headphones on. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who likes shooters or is looking for a challenging gaming experience."
76561198013081415,Recommended,422970,30471761,Posted: 12 March,all,Dogmatic,"In the midst of all the current modern FPS games, we have this little gem. It's simplistic, repetitive, and has crap graphics, and all of these things are strengths if anything. You can easily suck yourself in for a while and experience time dilation whilst battling through the hordes of angry skulls. I highly recommend this to those who enjoy traditional FPS's, score attack time trials, immersive sound design, and graphics of the yester years. The only bad part of this game is that it is repetitive, but in knowing that it grants you some form of safety in all of the difficult skeletal wonder that is Devil Daggers. Worth every penny, so stop reading and start playing!"
76561198054226888,Recommended,422970,31111965,Posted: 13 April,all,kexx42,Its like if doom and robotron had sex on a pile of cocaine.  and then that baby was a skull and tried to kill you.  its good.
,Recommended,422970,30701394,Posted: 24 March,all,TheFinePlayer,"This! THIS IS GREAT!So what is ""this""? Well...Devil Daggers is mostly a game for you hardcore gamers because trust me, this WILL BE one of the hardest games you've ever played. But it's so well made that it's super rewarding once you beat your record.Yes this is all about survining as long as possible while enimies fly after you. You have to be very tactical about what to kill first. You've got towers spawning in monsters to kill you and you've got monsters stealing your gems so your weapon doesn't get upgraded. I'll let you figure out the rest tho ;)Pros:-Super cheap!-Hard but very rewarding once you advance.-Great sounds.-Neat looking graphics, perfect for this style.Cons:-Won't apeal to the bigger audience since most will be bored very fast.-Only one gamemode.Summary:Over this is a super well made game with just the right things for it! I love the style and how they went about it.However, I do wish that we had more gamemodes. Maybe like a level based gamemode for the casual gamers so more people can enjoy it!Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,422970,24220528,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nick Fuggin Wilde,"If you like dark ambient music, creepy sound design, spooky skeletons, and lo-fi Quake-esque graphics and art-style, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,422970,21384090,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Spart,"Projectile based survival game with bunnyhopping, rocket jumps, no hitscan whatsoever, enemy prioritisation, great aesthetics, and amazing sound design. Great depth for a game lacking in concrete content, which is unfortunate because it will turn a lot of people off of the game. However what is here is great and designed with a lot of thought behind it all. Fantastic game."
76561198078999276,Recommended,422970,21412325,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,mountain_elf,"this is not a game, it is a trance inducing experience to your higher self."
76561197965107231,Not Recommended,422970,30682140,Posted: 23 March,all,Brick Fight,"I've been a huge shooter nut since we got Doom for our old 486, and this game looked super interesting to me. Unfortunately, I didn't know what I was in for. While the combat, controls, looks. all the building blocks are really well done, I didn't realize that this was going to be a survival shooter with a single level where the average person doesn't make it more than a few minutes. While the game is largely skill-based, it's frustrating as all hell when a random enemy breaks free from the herd behind you and kills you in a moment of pure luck. This means that you don't get to see a lot of the neater enemies or powers unless you're always 100% on your A-Game and have a dash of luck in the case of the AI.If there were maybe an easier mode that made the rounds last a little longer (just to break up the monotony of throw-away runs) or some different levels, I could probably say ""This isn't for me, but I could recommend it."" As it is, though, this is a game pretty much made for people who want to obsess over a single game and try to compete on a leaderboard.To clarify, I wish the creators had put more effort into describing what the game is versus what it actually is."
,Recommended,422970,25619754,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,frey,Fast paced and super addicting highscore shooter with fantastic sound design.Additional note : Currently [21.09.2016] part of the Humble Jumbo Bundle 7.
,Recommended,422970,28245875,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Chet,This game is very difficult and very fun. If you aren't great with anger and fast paced action don't get this game.
,Recommended,422970,28011981,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Starlord,Feels like Dark Souls. But its fast and simple. And hard as ♥♥♥♥.666/10 would die again.
,Recommended,422970,21650597,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,RECONSTRVCT,"if you're even remotely interested in this game, you will be pleased. althought it only has the option to play and check the leaderboard, thats all you relly need. being able to not only view your personal best replay, but being able to see anyone's score and watch their best run is one of the coolest things about this game. really the only thing i personally would like to see is a bigger environment that encourages more bunny-hopping or movement based gamemodes.literally flawless, 9/10"
,Recommended,422970,32775828,Posted: 25 June,all,Vegvisyr,"shoot your enemies, dont get hit, survive 500 seconds. sounds easy right? you couldn´t be more wrong...at this time, only 79 people achieved over 500 seconds. i played ~ 4 hrs and my best is 196 seconds what puts me on place ~ 10keither you are an achievement hunter and you collect rare and hard to achieve ones, or you are a complete masochist and like to get ripped apart like pulled pork.i´ve just looked the replay of  the ""worst"" person who got this achievement, and well i have to say i´m on the way to my psychiatrist right now to get some anti-depressants ¯\_ツ_/¯"
,Recommended,422970,31374056,Posted: 26 April,all,[Deaf] yToopliss Farmskins.com,Fun in short bursts.
76561198158719890,Recommended,422970,30343134,Posted: 5 March,all,✪ PAPAMEH,watched the guy with the highest score on the game and had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gg devil daggers.
,Recommended,422970,26140477,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Frizbunny,"Devil Daggers is an amazingly fun game to play, and if you're someone who's into games about seeing how far you can get, this isthegame for you.The game on its own is fun, but what I see as the reason that people keep coming back to it is the leaderboards and just how well they're implemented. Not only does it give you a sense of progression, seeing yourself move up thousands of spots at a time, but also of competition. You compete not only against your friends, but the entire world.The best part about the leaderboard system (in my opinion), aside from making you feel great, is how replays are implemented. You can go to the leaderboard and click the eye button to download the replay of someone else's game. You get to learn new techniques and strateegies by watching other people play the game, from inside the game. Woah.If you aren't the kind of person who wants to play games purely to get better at playing them, this isn't your game. If you are that kind of person -buy it right now.Five bucks isn't that much and you'll get hours of entertainment.That's more than buying a cup of coffee would give you."
,Recommended,422970,32501911,Posted: 17 June,all,james,"Devil Daggers is the only game that you can invest ~100 hours of gameplay into without getting the only achievement.This game isINCREDIBLE, it has a brilliant soundtrack, brilliant gameplay and brilliant enemies. You learn more about your weapon and the enemies as you play, from 3 seconds to 3 minutes. I wasn't too sure whether I wanted to buy this game or not, but I am so glad I did. You will be too."
76561198270629897,Recommended,422970,31632664,Posted: 8 May,all,_D_R_O_X,"If Quake and Hexen had a baby, this would be it.Solid FPS shooter I've played in a while."
,Recommended,422970,29227084,Posted: 13 January,all,Osiris,"A simple concept, executed extremely well. Devil Daggers is a difficult, fast-paced FPS that will keep you on your toes for the few minutes (or seconds) that you are alive. No backstory, just some wholesome demon blasting. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,26901439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fetthesten,"Amospheric, aesthetically pleasing and relentlessly challenging. A real treat."
76561198026048450,Recommended,422970,21570211,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,{E-Z}Poli,"Do you want $80 worth of grinding action, intense gameplay and have a flavour for addictions?Then spend FIVE bucks and buy this game!Pay attention all you early release Dev's, this is how its done."
,Recommended,422970,26033733,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Red Lobster Lobsterfest,"Devil Daggers offers what it says it has. I can't complain because I knew what I was getting into. I actually enjoyed the minutes of gameplay I had, but soon found myself bored... The boredom comes from me though, not the game. This game is what it says it is and many people like games like these. I would refund but the game was cheap enough that I decided to keep it, and play it again some day when I'm bored. The best part is when other friends have the game and you go back and forth seeing who can get the highest score. I would recommend this game if you like difficult arena type games, as for this is one of them."
76561198290077998,Recommended,422970,34497890,Posted: 25 August,all,cats taste good,Had to buy a new keyboard but otherwise it's good
76561198194015047,Recommended,422970,32877653,Posted: 27 June,all,ShadowWolfEevee,"It's a pretty good game if you want to unburden yourself from any reason, just put some of your favorite music in youtube (Works better with metal or hard rock) and play, you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,422970,21485619,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bentaraco,My life will be fulfilled if I reach 500 seconds in this game.
,Recommended,422970,21446881,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Whydoyoubark,"A bullet hell(or rather dagger hell) FPS endless hellspawn horde stabfest.Hard to discuss the game's value in the pros/cons dynamic due to its minimalistic nature.You run around a dark platform, shoot hellish daggers from your fingertips, collect red gems from fallen entities to increase your power, try to survive as long as possible, drag down as many enemies as you can with you in the process.Devil Daggers is exceptionally addictive.Each run will take you around a minute, at least at the beginning.Which brings us to the most powerful aspect of this shooter- the desire to beat your past self.""I've managed to survive 65.3224 seconds in this hellhole. I can do better.""After 10 attempts you emerge with your new highscore- 66.0002.DD mocks you with your every failure, motivating you to show hell(and the people just above you on the leaderboards) the middle finger one last time.Gotta go now, need to rage against the dying of the light one more time."
,Not Recommended,422970,22116289,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,DastardlyShambles,"Controls are outstandingly smooth, and the sound effects are excellent, however the gameplay is just so simple and repetetive that I can't recommend this game to most players. There is a group that this game appeals to, and honestly that's masochists. I think it's the pace that kills this game for me. There is never even a moment to try to form a plan or assess what's happening. If you aren't constantly circle strafe bunny hopping, you've already been killed by something you didn't even see.I don't want to give the impression that the game isnt fun; it is. For about 10 minutes tho. If this was a stage in a larger doomlike game it would be amazing. But sadly, Devil Daggers is all flash and little substance."
,Recommended,422970,34696068,Posted: 2 September,all,Monsieur-Owly,"Devil Daggers is an excellent indie title for what it is: a simple survival mode. However, it could be much more than that.POSITIVES+Spine-chilling atmosphere+Fast movement and jumping mechanics+Simple and effective shooting mechanics+Terrifying enemies+Extremely difficultNEGATIVES-A bit repetitive-Only one game mode-Only one mapWith its nightmarish visuals and fast-paced gameplay there is no reason why this game cannot benefit from a singleplayer campaign or a series of challenges. I really hope the devs will expand on this concept.Rating:8.0 / 10"
,Not Recommended,422970,33182027,Posted: 3 July,all,Heldenhirn,"Endless funAt the moment the game has a major issue. There is a bug. (The only one i noticed yet)This one makes me really angry. You  might finally get a new highscore after many trys, and the game won't submit it because it thinks that you are cheating (Even though you don't)You are in a  floating arena.  Different kinds of monsters spawn.They move to you. You have to kill them or they will kill you.This game has no story. It's about the highscore.After each try the game shows you your score and the leaderboard.It is very incentive to try to get higher on the scoreboard.You can compare yourself with your friends aswell.You can watch other players replays and learn from them how to get better.The game looks like it was made in 1993, when Doom's pixel mud was state of the art.But it's awesome. The colours are very dark with some red/orange gleam mixed in.The enemys look scary. Not the - Until Dawn / Rersident Evil / Oulast - kind of way , but very coherent.I can reccomend this game to everyone who like hard games without story but great gameplay."
,Recommended,422970,21398735,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Daddy Jew,The Quake 1/Lovecraftian architecture in conjunction with the absence of texture filtering made my genitalia very aroused albeit implementing a co-op option wouldn't be too detrimental :*
,Recommended,422970,27113700,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tweed,"I've yet to break 400 in this game, maybe I just suck at it. However it's by far one of the best games to come out of 2016 while only being a time competitive game. A simple FPS with one upgradable weapon, survive as long as possible while collecting gems for upgrades, if you collide with something, you die.It's absolutely uncompromising in difficulty, features graphics remiscient of the 32-bit era, and a satanic artstyle that will make you feel bad about yourself. It also features some of the very best sound effects I've heard in a game which is good since the whole thing hinges upon being able to hear the position of your enemies. Because the game really is just a competitve FPS arena it makes it a rather niche title, most people won't be interested in trying for the best score and the only achievement to unlock comes at 500 seconds, one I might never get."
,Recommended,422970,21509524,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ZounceX,THE MOST INNOVATIVE SHOOTER IVE PLAYED IN YEARSoh wait
,Recommended,422970,21598386,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Proton,"Really cool art style, solid controls. It would be nice if there were more game modes or difficulty tiers or something.Edit: After playing for a while I can see why it is only one level, it makes sense... my hand is all cramped up now, time to stop...[Currently at 204 seconds]"
,Recommended,422970,31411414,Posted: 28 April,all,Lt. Don Draper,"Fantastic. I can't suggest anything more than watch a few minutes of gameplay. It scratches that itch for a fast paced, arcadey, beat-your-best-score game with an aesthetic that reminds me a bit of Quake 1. I didn't even know I had that itch"
,Recommended,422970,30607422,Posted: 18 March,all,Lemonade Warrior,"Firstly this Game is hard.Only buy if you are up for the challenge with the only motivation being your leaderboard position.And when you see yourself shoot past others who have gave up (A lot of people by the way) the only emotion you will feel is satisfaction, because you know and everyone else knows you worked hard to get there.I am currently 2660 out of over 100,000 scores and I hope to get to the elusive 500 seconds which only about 50 people have gotten.Also I am gratful this game runs on linux(Had to go to the fourms tho to get it to even run, but it was a (((Relativly))) simple fix.)"
,Recommended,422970,30725787,Posted: 25 March,all,nazi btw,Easy to learn but hard to master.
,Recommended,422970,28467548,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Evendium,I just want that acheivement.I don't think i will be getting that anytime soon.
76561197960808505,Recommended,422970,31915357,Posted: 23 May,all,Yogo,"Forget the simplistic graphics, it's got great positional audio instead.  It's an addictive, twitch FPS, boiled down to its basic elements.  Now I've gotta go convince all my mates to buy it so we can start some serious grudge matches happening !"
,Recommended,422970,31283441,Posted: 21 April,all,núllpunktur,"A frantic single-""screen"" score attack kind of game that is drowning with mid-90's polygon burn and Satanic imagery. It made me sweat every time I crossed the sixty-second mark."
,Recommended,422970,28384469,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,porn wrangIer,"So far 2016 has been a pretty decent year for gaming, with releases like DOOM, Dues Ex, and Dark Souls 3, in my opinion, are pretty good for this year. But Devil Daggers has clearly left an impact on me on having fun.Devil Daggers, a game I initially had little to no interest in, quickly became a game I had to try out due to overwhelming reviews and the games' trailer.The game reminds very heavily of early QUAKE games with its art style and movement, the game has a big emphasis on never stopping moving and shooting. AT THE SAME TIME! Get ready to drop everything youre doing and spread your most precious spots open cause this train has no brakes and its gonna have its way with you, whether you like it or not.Get ready to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at everyone on the leaderboard for being ahead of your time cause your too much of a razer mouse using casual to git gud at the game.Also the soundtrack is pretty good, be sure to turn on HRTF to get the full effect on the games music and sounds. Also turn you FOV up and DPI up as well.I give this game my commend for being a good teammate and a strong leader 7/11 would buy agin"
,Recommended,422970,32792964,Posted: 25 June,all,Canas_Druid #PSUISCOMING,I wish hell was like this game
,Recommended,422970,30255600,Posted: 28 February,all,🐙,⠀
,Recommended,422970,34216473,Posted: 13 August,all,Nuts,"I've never really been a fan of those incredibly fast paced shooters such as Doom or Quake. Something about them never seemed all that appealing. My friend is absolutely obsessed with those types of games and will always tell me how much of an idiot I am for not playing them and that I should really give them a shot. So, as a compromise,I bought this.Devil Daggers is a great game but also a very challenging one. The idea is simple enough. You just need to survive for as long as you can on a hellish platform as wave after wave of enemies swarms you. Sounds kind of dull now that I've written it, but it is anything but. You really need to learn to master this games mechanics if you ever want to get a time higher than 200 seconds. You need to be know the weapon better than the back of your hand (ironic seeing as the weapon IS your hand) and how to best utilize it for each enemy. Rocket jumping, shotgun blasting, short burst, bullet damage, precise aiming and strafing is necessary if you want to prevail.The enemys are introduced slowly, but you better get used to them pretty quick, because the game is going to throw tons of them at you. Each enemy poses its own challenges, such as the flying monsters requiring you to shoot off every gem from its body before it will die, or the egg spawners who can steal your upgrade gems and turn them into more demons. The design of the demons is incredible and can make some of them really unsettling. Turning around and seeing a floating dark skull inches away from your face can be surprisingly scary when your not expecting it. Each demon has its own AI aswell, which gives them another layer of challenge and interesting design.I will also quickly note that I love the sound design on this game. Wearing headphones or having good speakers can help you hear where the enemys are going to spawn, which sounds overpowered but actually just gives you a fair chance at staying alive. It is a great feature and I am very impressed with how accurate it is.If its not obvious, I love this game. I think it is a fantastic and well executed fast paced shooter that really rewards you for your time and effort. A must have.8/10(P.S. Even after playing this for as long as I have and loving how it handles, I'm still not interested in Doom or Quake. And weirdly, my mate, who I said loves those games at the start of this review, doesn't actually like this game very much. Go figure.)"
76561198152612867,Recommended,422970,22890028,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,emilie,"May 2016: original review was positiveJune 2016: edited review to negative (game issues)  (that is when i got all the 'thumbs down' votes. LoL)July 2016: edit review to be positive again (sorry about my waffling like this!  LoL)I am changing my review back to being positive because of the July 5, 2016 new version of Devil Daggers.    Good job by the developer to do this.Things seem so much better now.And for some reason, because of this new DD, I am getting longer runs.In the original DD, the longest run I had was 100.xxxx and I was constantly running for my life.In the new DD, my first run was immediately 135.xxxx and I can now actually see and hear better.   As of July 9, 2016, my longest run in the new DD is already 160.xxxxSo I am not sure if the new DD is 'easier' in the first part or I am just getting better (or a little bit of both?).  I have also noticed that all my friends times are longer in the new DD too!But, I have seen that the later stages of the new DD does look 'harder' - and that is fine.The monsters are great, the sounds are great, the movement is great.Game is easy to play and it is now fun to see improvements in your length of runs.One of the best features is the playback abilities in the game.You can re-watch your run AND you can watch any other person's run!  You can even slow down or speed up the playback!   Very nice feature.And the in-game leader boards are great.   Because there is not only the overall leader board, but a 'friends' leader board.   So you can see all your steam friends and their progress, etc.  You can watch their runs (as mentioned above).   Great in-game feature.(note: if your steam profile is set to 'private' or 'friends only', then you will not see your friends on the in-game friends leader board unless you do this:  Temporarily make your profile 'public', go into the DD game, then see if your friends are now in the friends leader board.  If they are, then exit the game and go back to making your profile be what it was before ('private' or 'friends only')."
,Recommended,422970,21630492,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,COD3D,"Devil Daggers is an absolute work of art, very rarely do you find a game that you fall in love with.I can honestly say that at the moment this is 100% the best game which I own, the music, ambience, graphics and enemies all make for an intense adrenaline-fueled experience.BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,422970,21650488,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,lilmonix3,"What you get in Devil Daggers:-Very refined FPS with old-school elements-One endless level with online leaderboards and replays-Excellent sound design and retro PS1-style graphics-Constant stress and adrenalineWorth $5? Not for some people. But if you love difficult/classic FPSes and highscore chasing, you'll definitely have a good time with Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,21492679,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Morgan Creamin',"We can't seem to go very long without another insta-death, rage enducing but god damn amazing game getting made.After ten hours and some of the fiercest competition between friends I have ever experienced, I can safely and very happily recommend this game. It is an unforgiving waterfall of hellspawn, combated only by the simplest movement and mechanics that have been in shooters since the 90's. Very cool and fun art style that somehow hasn't gotten bland after countless replays, audio design is probably the best I have heard in an indie title...probably ever? I'd put it right along SOMA for that suppose.Five dollars is a fine price for this game. Some people have said that the game lacks depth. To an extent, they are correct. But the simplicity and ease of access make up for this, and the pushing of players competing for the best time helps nudge that game up enough to be worth the five bucks."
,Recommended,422970,26872133,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slippery Nickels,"Frustratingly challenging and a glorious throwback, DD scratches an old itch that was in dire need of scratching."
,Recommended,422970,30359952,Posted: 6 March,all,Galehann,You will die.A lot.But damn it feels good !
,Recommended,422970,21915820,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,bye,The West's spooky answer to Touhou.
,Recommended,422970,30205293,Posted: 26 February,all,gaza,"It's like Geometry Wars, but actually Quake. It has the best sound design of any game in history and it's ♥♥♥♥ing unbelievably addicting. It's also absurdly well priced and worth the money for the insane number of ours you can spend on it without realizing it."
,Recommended,422970,30333187,Posted: 5 March,all,Klammeraffe,awesome little game !
,Recommended,422970,22229970,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,✨fate7nano✨,The aesthetic of the entire game is beautiful coupled with great audio and a clean movement system; Devil Daggers is an awesome purchase for fans of shooters and those that like a challenge :)
,Recommended,422970,21685181,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NaBROleon BROnaparte,"""Dangerously Addictive and Demonically Hard! this love letter to 90's twitch gaming is swift and sublime in its short and impactful delivery.Check it out!! My full review here > ""https://youtu.be/0ehBE8DrYUc"
,Recommended,422970,21580689,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kazisvet,"""If you're going through hell, keep going."" - Winton ChurchillEasier said then done Winston...Now seriously: Its just one quarter arena in the middle of nowhere. You got only two tasks: Survive as long as possible and shoot everything...EVERYTHING! There is no change you gonna make it out alive so make it count! Master your dodge and shoot tactics. Push forward your score! Watch and learn from best global players! Its quite addictive but I think it will be not fun for everyone. Its really hard to beat your score everytime but every new personal best score is so satisfying."
,Recommended,422970,21611054,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,illBILL a.k.a Skrt Vonnegut,"The most visceral gaming experience, and the most intense feeling of 'flow', I have ever had. Sound design is incredible and the game is an all round technical marvel. The lightning pace and insta-restart keep pushing you to unfold the behaviours of the few but fantastically designed enemies, and perfect the manic dance required to crawl your way up the leaderboard.Would probably drop £10 on this if I knew in advance the experience I'd be getting. for £4 you can't go wrong"
76561198044910564,Recommended,422970,21586939,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,miyamoto,"Once upon a time, games were hard.You would die, a lot. Eventually you'd get better and die a bit less.They would not have QTE's or overpowered killstreak rewards.You would not spend hours configuring your graphics settings, benchmarking and comparing frames per second with your friends.You would practice, learn and improve always knowing death was a moment away.This is a tribute to those games....and it'll be the most fun you've had since 1993!"
,Recommended,422970,33873899,Posted: 28 July,all,El_Buhdai,"Devil Daggers is the closest thing I have ever seen to a perfect game. I have never played anything like it. You know, back when I used to play games for 30 - 40 hours every two weeks, it was divided between at least 3 - 5 games. In less than a single week, Devil Daggers has not only taken my playtime from the last two weeks from 4.9 hours to 20 hours+, but it has made up about half (as of writing this) of my normal two-week playtime TOTAL. As of writing this, with 16 hours logged (probably 4 of which were spent on the homescreen), my high score is 192 seconds. So what is it about this game that's so captivating? Well, I'm gonna explain it all.The Visuals:The low-poly 3D models mixed with an extremely low resolution and dark, gritty color palette make this game look very unique. Even when things are far away and they are being drawn using less of the massive pixels in the resolution, you can tell exactly what you're looking at.The Game Mechanics:I have NEVER played a game with game mechanics as tight and polished as this one. Not even the overrated games of today (CS:GO, Rocket League, Overwatch, and so on) can come close to this. It's not overcrowded with different game mechanics but what they have work together in a very meaningful and seamless way. From the Rocket Jumping, Momentum, and Two-Purpose Daggers with travel time, to the spawn times of the enemies, the swarm mechanics (which I've never seen done so well before), and the shape/size of the platform. Everything. Not ONCE have I died and considered myself to have been killed by anything other than my own incompetence, and for a competitive, score based game, that is very important.The Sound Design:You know, as an amateur musician and aspiring audio engineer and producer, great sound design gives me a boner. I have reached the point where I've trained my ear to notice every detail of every sound, so the more you treat my ear and the better your sound works with what's being shown on screen, the more I have to rave about it. And let me just say.. This is quite possibly the single best sound design I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing in gaming. The most recent Battlefield games come close, but the sound here is so excellent that with enough practice you could probably play the game blind. Also, despite having no obligation to do so, the developer has added support for 3D binaural sound, which means when played with the right headphones, the skulls are suddenly floating right past your ear and behind your head and it feels as real as a fly buzzing around in the room near you. Every action, every enemy, and every position has a clear place in the frequency spectrum and overall soundstage of the game. Every sound adds to how satisfying the gameplay is, and you can't play the game without it. Believe me, I've tried.The Addiction/Replayability:I genuinely fear that this game has already started to make whatever self control for gaming I thought I had vanish entirely. Every run feels completely unique, and even though I know I'm seeing the same enemies I fought last round, it still feels like an entirely new experience with new decisions to make, new problems, and new ways for me to get myself out of a pinch. Everything just feels so dynamic, and I've played games with way more content that got old way quicker (My interest is still growing and has yet to hit a plateau). This has led me to ""one more round"" myself past midnight and into the wee hours of the morning.The Performance:I own a normal laptop. Quad-core 2.2ghz AMD A8 processor with AMD Radeon R5 Graphics and 12 GB of RAM. Not at all suitable for gaming. Well, I still get a solid 60fps early on and it still remains playable to the very last seconds of my 192 second record. If you have ANY sort of GPU, you have nothing to worry about. This is likely due to the massive pixels, low-poly models, and the fact that all that exists in the game world is a platform and hundreds of demons on it. Who knows? Maybe it's also some good old fashioned optimization.. That seems to be rare today, especially with every developer these days hopping on Unity or Unreal Engine.The Verdict:It's 2 am, and I'm tired. Just buy the game. It costs about as much as a fast food meal and it'll be 50 times as enjoyable for many hours longer. However, if you do buy it, prepare for a real challenge, one created simply by crafting creative enemy types to be fought with solid game mechanics instead of the generic cookie cutter fps enemies of today."
,Recommended,422970,25956907,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[RDR.exe],"played this game for a few minutes.Waiting for the game of the year edition to come out yo.Just make sure you have a spare keyboard bc yours is going to break if you get dis.also a pretty good horror game bc let me tell you, your heart will beat faster than the rate of me fapping, whenever you're trying to beat your record.Good luck trying to get past 200 secs ;)"
,Recommended,422970,21549173,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ziervo,PFFF pfff pufffff puf pf pf pf pf pf pff pfffffffffffffffffff. pf.
76561198163288456,Recommended,422970,25257613,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,thespectacularamazing,"Intense, challenging, fps, skull f*ckers, get RSI, farm gems, level up.All those skulls are prolly the lost souls of those who died playing this game.My highest is like 214 seconds or so V2. I forget, I put the POV up all the way though to make it more challenging cuz I'm a madman. Last time I beat my score it was by .4 of a second.9.8/10 Could use another map as dlc."
,Recommended,422970,24942503,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,dagorath13,Having the best round.About to beat my high score.Fall off ledge.10/10 for high blood pressure simulator.
,Recommended,422970,21632354,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Prez,One of best games I've played for years. And I play a lot of games.
,Recommended,422970,21659006,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bobert awful (F+),"There is an end state to Devil Daggers, and it's precisely at the point where you'll look at your leaderboard score that hasn't changed in the past two weeks despite daily intense sessions of the game, and finally give into the despair. It's realizing there is nowhere else for you to go, and giving up.Devil Daggers is a fight between you and some floating skulls in Hell. It looks like 1996-era Quake and it's meant to because that's how it wants to intimidate you. The soundscape of Devil Daggers involves skull noises, raspy laughter, high-pitched screaming, industrial humming, and spider tickling. Your job is to survive the hordes of skulls and to take their precious blood rubies - initially, they don't do anything, but if you grab ten of those things, you become a more powerful monster among the monsters, nuking skulls and creepy spider-skull monsters with greater ease. But just because you're a more powerful combatant doesn't mean it will get easier, because Devil Daggers will throw all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥at you, and it loves to make you squirm.Your first few playthroughs will last approximately around 60 seconds. In order to 'beat' the game (read: get the sole achievement that says 'Devil Daggers'), you will need to last 500 seconds, or approximately 8 minutes and 20 seconds. This is not a goal you are likely to accomplish unless you are very, very good at first person shooters. I consider myself well-learned in the genre and I made it half a second away from three minutes (which puts me roughly in the top 10% of all players who have submitted a score). At the time of this review, only seven people have beaten this game out of the 27,000 players that have tried to conquer it so far. That does not make it a bad game, that makes us all weak people who can't stand up in the face of naked, unfiltered terror, and those seven people are our champions.Devil Daggers is a game you're not likely to beat, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't count it out. After all, the narrative experience is not the only valid experience in video games. Sometimes crying in the face of seemingly insurmountable frustration is a valid experience, too."
,Recommended,422970,32746388,Posted: 24 June,all,asire,sweat simulator 2017
,Recommended,422970,21784381,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Cravitus,"tl;dr Survival-Horror FPS Bullet Hell that'll probably push you until you're drenched in your own sweat, if you're willing. Not much of a direct story, it's got Quake-esque visuals, and is pretty much all about surviving as long as you can.The first thing you hear?A bone-like grinding and groaning, building slowly into a beat that your heart will soon be thumping to.The first thing you see?A fountain of skulls drifitng skyward, in all their morbid Quake-esque glory.And that's just the menu; a prelude to the fast-paced action where few survive beyond a single minute, and where even the most cool-tempered find themselves wiping the sweat from their brow as they run through an addictive game of trial, error, and survival - one that I recommend to anyone with a few dollars and a thirst for the challenging.At it's core, Devil Daggers is something of a first-person bullet hell. Stylized rather heavily, following the old aesthetic of 1990s games such as Quake or Unreal, the game looks splendid for what it is. There isn't much direct story, but it's got hordes of chilling abominations in the dark, waiting to tear you apart, and the gameplay is solid.You (the player) are a fragile thing, perishing in a single hit from the eldritch beasts that lurk in the dark, endless in number and relentlessly hunting you down on the little circular arena that is all you know. They do not stop, pause, or hesitate, and the chilling, screeching affairs of bone, tentacle, and lord-knows-what-else will certainly show no mercy, from the lowly Swarmer-Skull, to the hellish mega-beasts that lay beyond.You have but three defenses; your wits, your speed, and your daggers, and you must use all of them to the best of your abilities to even have a chance beyond that first minute.Movement is fast, and solid options and strategies exist utilizing it to the fullest. You can sprint around the arena with ease, make sudden jumps and dodges, and even boost them with a well-timed daggershot blast, propelling you up and over the enemy... Or into them, as it may happen.While you can run, quick thinking and adaptation is key, lest you find yourself getting blindsided, slamming into a monolithic beast, or worse yet, sailing off of the arena and into the abyss below, killed by your own ignorance. Even then, if you're quick on your keys, catching yourself and dashing out of danger, that's still not enough; you can't outrun them forever. Even if you can play your foes into running in circles around you, eventually it'll become too much to handle; after all, you're only thinking and running.Thus is where the daggers come in. Your only real offensive armament, they're rather effective at stemming the tide, able to be fired in a constant stream without end, or in a shotgun-like blast known (at least to me) as the daggershot. They aren't exactly the fastest things in the universe, but they're what you have, and you don't run out of them. Though their effectiveness is somewhat limited in the beginning against meatier foes, as you bring the fight to them with your daggers, you can claim demonic gems, and eventually gain much-needed upgrades to them.Not that they're much use to you if you don't know how to use them right, though, and not to mention they aren't going to do you any good if you don't get moving, no matter how reliable they are.Even then, if you're keeping on your toes, leaving an eye on things, and waiting for the right moment to throw out a dagger or twelve, it's no guarantee you'll make it past even thirty seconds. You're going to die some time. The enemy is just as fast, if not faster than you, and they don't stop coming. They never will.That's just a truth of Devil Daggers. That said, how long do you think you'll last?There's a leaderboard, if you want to try your luck."
76561198025151271,Recommended,422970,33019866,Posted: 29 June,all,Lemon Snake,"I've only played about 40 minutes of this but I still highly recommend it.  It has an awesome Quake-like aesthetic, controls that are easy to pick up paired aside difficult yet fair gameplay, and fast paced action.  I can't really find any faults in it because it's exactly what it sets out to be.Getting chased by skulls/10"
,Recommended,422970,22063753,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Xeno,"No UINo crosshairNo tutorialNo railings at the edge of the arenaI'd say you're gonna be fine, but you're not, you're gonna die.Devil Daggers takes my memories of Quake, my fantasies of Quake, and my instincts from 17 years of playing first person shooters, and distills from it the most pure FPS experience I've ever had.Never before has a game's difficulty pushed me like this, while still being FUN at the same time.There is no frustration in dying, there is only the oppertunity to learn from the mistakes you just made.First you encounter the skulls, you learn their behaviour and that of your weapon, then the skulls become trivial.Then you make it to the part with the spider, you learn to take him out effectively, then the spider becomes trivial.Then you make it to the part with the centipede, you learn to take him out effectively, then the centipede becomes trivial.Then you make it to the part where skulls spiders and centipedes show up all together, and it gets a LITTLE TRICKY.But you will learn to take them out effectively and last longer and longer before dying.Then you look back at all the enemies you've mastered, and how they've gone from lethal to manageable, but they have not changed, it is only your skill that has changed, and it feels GREAT !I recommend Devil Daggers, wash away the filth of modern consolized shooters with the blood of a million demons."
,Recommended,422970,21590752,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,PEENOOTZ,"simple, adicting, just buy it.i have no time to properly review this,I am updating this review for the nomination.still adicting, easy to rage at, can ruin friendships via competitons.worst case scenario you may need to buy a new screen.420/10"
76561198071421958,Recommended,422970,21465773,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,eternal jape,I think this stands up with quake.A modern masterpiece.It's scary.It's even more scary when you suffer from arachnophobiaamazing
76561197995454829,Recommended,422970,24114689,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,「*+Out|aw+*🐙」,"Git Gud... Yeah, that pretty much sums it up."
,Recommended,422970,23126251,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Beat Happening,run.
,Recommended,422970,21345088,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Connor Sherlock,Super Hexen Gone
76561197978820749,Recommended,422970,21314465,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,railslavegames,"""Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth."" - Jesus  (I wont be reading this the same way again, for sure. )My only gripe with the game is I wish it was maybe a Ps1 stylised spec making even more ghettro and grungy, even lower draw distance ect..Prepare to go insane trying to beat your friends."
76561198209397816,Recommended,422970,26496810,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Targa,"This game is insane for the price, Extremely well made arcade shooter. Think Doom meets Geometry Wars"
,Recommended,422970,21591986,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Youngst☆r,"Think Bullet Hell FPS, with global leaderboard and ONE Achievement.Magic Daggers attacksReplays (see what the guy above on the leaderboard you did different)Friend and Global leaderboardsdagger jumpsFirst 30 second are ok then the game just ramps up"
76561197985509635,Recommended,422970,21784867,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Marshmallow Taro,"You don't win, you just get a little better each time."
,Recommended,422970,26968252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mastermudkipz,Nonstop Action
,Recommended,422970,24828337,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Peace Walker,"A hellish game but with a infinite magical dagger that you project out of your hand against wave after wave of evil monsters.  Whats not to love about this game, it truly is a game for your lust of violence and challenge.  I highly recommend this game.  Hope my review helped."
,Recommended,422970,21625916,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Squiddy,"Not only does this game have increadibly fun oldschool FPS gameplay, it also manages to have some of the best nightmarish or hellish atmosphere I've ever seen in a videogame.$5 for the best FPS in years. Quake meets with Super Hexagon and some of the meta features from dustforce."
,Recommended,422970,21440259,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Omnivac,"Hey you! Think the ride should never end? Believe perfection is a concept and not something you can gain? Have a thing for retro graphics, great sound design and punishing gameplay? Just like bones a bit too much? Buy this. For the price it's a steal. You are literally commiting theft, we'd get the cops but some dummy ended up in heck. You. You're that dummy.A few things to keep in mind, this game is very hard. If you are looking for a quick casual game to relax, this is not it, even as I write this I remember I have bones in my hands and shudder.Also keep in mind that this is addicting, so if you procrastinate a lot, you might want to avoid it.That being said, the game is easy to pick up, hard to put down and well made for the price. I'd recommend this to you, your mom, and your dog. All of them love bones right?"
,Recommended,422970,21776237,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,pop,is marrying a videogame legal yet?
,Recommended,422970,26608118,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Pechamus,One of the greatest games of all time.Every second counts.Every kill counts.Every finger counts.Every minute of your life you waste trying to beat your old highscore  doesn't count.
,Recommended,422970,27686150,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fritters,The purest form of gameplay and player discovery. Devil Daggers is everything I love about video games.You should buy this game.
,Recommended,422970,21486177,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,hronet,"The refined doom experience, and a game about strafing ccw. I have missed this."
,Recommended,422970,21488785,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,lemme rim you bb gurl,♥♥♥♥ this game. nothing else pisses me off more than this ♥♥♥♥ing game.9/10
,Recommended,422970,21642032,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,WasdeBeer,"Real good fun, easy to get into a good flow, dying a lot but its quick to just restart and keep going. Very nice to kill some of those quiet hours with. I would say its great to just put some good music on and play, but the ingame sound is actually really great so bit of a shame to miss out on that."
,Recommended,422970,21552645,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Moist.,"Doom for the modern man,Kill or be slaughtered.KILL OR BE ♥♥♥♥ING SLAUGHTERED"
,Recommended,422970,21628915,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,dAUCH.bOT,Great game well worth the price. Plenty of twitchy shooter gameplay mixed with fun movement makes for an extremely entertaining experience that can be enjoyed in 5-10 minute segments. Great for killing time and boredom.
76561198273958950,Recommended,422970,21586340,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kyled100,"This game requires the hand-eye coordination of God on adderall. I've spent an hour and a half in my first sitting and I'm not even done yet. Its repetitive but it never feels that way while playing. This game blows away the argument that games need story and graphics, but other than that it has stellar sound design and the movement system is flawless (jumping actually matters!). This is nothing more than incredibly, intense, satisfactory gameplay, and thats all it needs to be. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,21593473,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Slav King,wtf is this game i play for 4 hours and it feels like 20 minutes this game will consume your soul BEWARE THE LAUGHING SKULLS
,Recommended,422970,21893584,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Andrack,Devil Daggers is a game where you dagger devils.
,Recommended,422970,21737736,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,YO,This game is the closest imagination for what hell looks like.
,Recommended,422970,21558841,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Big D,Played for hours without even realizing it. So good.
76561198170455054,Recommended,422970,21398684,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The Banana Man,"WARNING! YOU WILL DIE... A LOT!To those of you who grew up in the arcade with quaters to feed machines, this will be good nostalgia for you.  To those of you who never set foot in an arcade, well... you wont get as much enjoyment out of this game.  I for one love this game.  The simple room full of monsters with a global leader board and insta-death mechanic fill me with such nostalgia.  The sound and fluid movement are really spot on and if you think that 5 bucks is too much for an arcade game, well I would disagree with you but you can always just wait untill it goes on sale and then I would deffinitly suggest testing your metal against the hords of hell itself.  I am exe.mancer and I fully recomend this game, but not to the faint of heart."
76561198068247033,Recommended,422970,21570160,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Please shoot me in the head,Makes Serious Sam seem slow and cerebral.
,Recommended,422970,21761436,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,sassymcgee,"A horned skull laughs behind you as it looks to make sure you die within seconds of breaking your record time.Repeat this event dozens and dozens of times over which you see your just two to three seconds short of feeling some sort of progress and relief from a high adrenaline and high stress game. But the skull keeps laughing, in fact hes laughing with about 50 of his closest skull bros hanging out behind him. Plus his pal the millipede demon lord just started coming out of the ground with plenty of dark devil candy treats for you if youre lucky, but you aren't. You never get to see that millipede dude because this damned laughing skull keeps killing you because a giant spider keeps hiding its vulnerable spot and you cant kill it fast enough before skullboy rams its horn up your♥♥♥♥♥and you just want to kill the stupid spider so you can get the weapon upgrade on time so you can stand a god damn chance against this damn skull thats laughing at you and all the terrible pylons that spew him and his whole crew out.If that incoherent ramble sounds like your cup of tea and a place youd enjoy constantly dying. Spend the five bucks. It's worth it."
,Recommended,422970,22155585,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ChunkyJet47,"This is a fantastic survival FPS game. It looks good, it's five dollars, and you'll spend hours looking up guides and practicing just to add a few seconds to your high score (I'm at 70.4505 at this time). It reminds me of ""Doom"" just thinking about it. It's such a simple concept on paper, but has so much difficulty that you can laugh off because you can allways try again.I do wsh it had controller support and maybe a menu that showed how-to-play for when I'm showing it to a friend.10/10."
,Recommended,422970,21415295,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,no more uni,"The best review I can give this game is I intended to go to bed an a hour ago ""just one more"".With the steam game awards and the ""just 5 minutes more"" category, I had to come back to say this game fits it perfectly!"
76561197966645347,Recommended,422970,30317266,Posted: 4 March,all,gehtso,Totally worth the money. Addicting gameplay.
,Recommended,422970,21517685,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,OldFishPool,"{ tl;dr do you like to shoot things? do you have a high tolerance to frustration? do you like the atmosphere of doom / quake? do you like survival mode games? buy this }devil daggers is a game where you run around in a circle and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥outta your hands, it seems easy until one of those skulls sneak up behind you and bites you in the♥♥♥♥♥gameplay wise, you are the weilder of magic daggers that come out of your hand, click once to fire a shotgun blast of daggers, hold down m1 to shoot a barrage of daggers, more like a flamethrower than a machine gun. you take one hit before you die, so you better be good at dodging, also, if you jump, and do the shotgun blast under your feet, you can do a sort of rocket jump, its not very effective, but its useful to know atleast. the map is a flat, brick formed surface, and you can fall off, so be careful around the edges. Enemies are pretty self explanitory, nothing too complicated.for its price, its a solid purchase, but it can doesnt have much replayability at the moment i am typing thisthe game has potential, give it a few content updates, maybe an easy mode for the players who arent as skilled, and maybe some map varietyit has atmosphere, a good sense of hopelessness, i would complain about the lack of music, but i feel like it adds to it, having music would take you out of it in my opinionconclusionfor its price you cant go wrong, it has atmosphere and gets slightly easier as you go, definitely a game to play before you go to bed, so you can hear those demon screaches in your dreams"
,Recommended,422970,29851842,Posted: 11 February,all,Commissar1032,You are sent to hell with nothing but daggers and you fight the Devil's minions...
,Recommended,422970,32753218,Posted: 24 June,all,unprecedented amounts of clout,really good time sink im really bad at
76561198158300096,Recommended,422970,30605267,Posted: 18 March,all,white_wampa,"Difficult fun arcade shooter, definitely worth the five dollars even if you play it for short amounts of time like me. I have played more than stated because friends get together at places and compete together on one computer. Estimated actual game time: 7 hours"
,Recommended,422970,21614229,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Pigeonreaper,"pure and savage like the tiger shark, magnificent in its simplicity like a smallpox virus, irresistibly engrossing like a big butt on a treadmill, this is a good videogame"
,Recommended,422970,21400688,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,W☣rld ☮™,This game is very good and very fun I rate it good/fun
76561197962332390,Recommended,422970,25638747,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pooma,The best gameplay loop ever.  I've made it into the top 500 and it near killed me. Actually surviving for 500 seconds (the only 'goal' in the game) might be more than I can actually learn to do!
,Recommended,422970,21560669,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,isight,You will be lucky to survive for 30 seconds.10/10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked again
,Recommended,422970,21577180,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,?Tetra hellcase.com,Those horned bull**** skull things that go slightly faster than you when you jump and come out of nowhere and ruin your entire run make me want to kill myself! 10/10
,Recommended,422970,22416367,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Prawns,"Once upon a time there was a wizard that was so, so brave, that he chose to fight the skeletons.All of the skeletons. Every single last one of them.He fought, and kept on fighting, until he could fight no more.9/10 Gameplay9/10 Sound design10/10 Writing"
,Recommended,422970,21354386,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Levi,This game is very Doom-esque in visuals. The way that visuals are presented is beautifully horrifying. The sound design fits perfectly with the aesthetic the game seems to go for. A typical game only lasts around 30 - 60 seconds. The game is like a small minigame but it's excecuted so well that I'm already in love. There also seems to be progression involved but I'm not entirely sure yet. I would rate this 9/10.TL;DR This game is beautifully horifying but is only played in short bursts.
,Recommended,422970,27924166,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TSTAB,"Blisteringly fast pace, heart-stopping FPS Bullet Hell title. It is incredibly easy to lose time trying to beat your previous high score and improve your runs. Add a visceral and retro art direction and this title has been one of my favorites in recent memory. Would highly recommend. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,21497432,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zuzzy,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,422970,26859000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KingOfBoos A.K.A Master-Bait,"A very good and addicting game,deserves more praise tbh"
76561198031581832,Recommended,422970,21654556,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,James666,This game is amazing...
,Recommended,422970,30214999,Posted: 26 February,all,Malevolent,"How do you even get over 100, let alone 1,000,000?Man this game is frustrating, but it's fun."
,Recommended,422970,22193703,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,sosoFortress,"Baal, the gates of Sescheron have stood for aeons before rememberance and you shall not reach them now.Remove your foul demons from our lands. We stand on the side of light. You shall not be allowed to reach mount Arreat.And that which you seek, will not be yours.*wet plop*"
76561197978764164,Recommended,422970,21936201,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bucklebutt,What happens if you die in hell? You hit retry.
,Recommended,422970,21912845,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,🅱ecla,60 seconds has never felt so long...
,Recommended,422970,21670434,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,shiny,the devil is in thedetailsdaggers
76561198089280583,Recommended,422970,21624605,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tóxico,"Click here, go to your library and lauch Devil Daggers. Feel the pain of hell."
,Recommended,422970,22213507,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tapedeck,Easy game.
,Recommended,422970,30680007,Posted: 22 March,all,you werent strong enough,This game sux it's ♥♥♥♥ing hard
,Recommended,422970,30810565,Posted: 29 March,all,YOUAINTSCARMAN,"This game is incredible for the first 20 hours or so, then it makes you wish you were dead after 20 hours. I just want the achievement, Devil Daggers, please.. I just need the achievement. My family misses me. Give me my soul back."
,Recommended,422970,32688743,Posted: 23 June,all,ambience,fast pace shooter that looks like a higher quality doom is all i need to say.
,Recommended,422970,27152579,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gorbacz,"Did anyone notice the lack of practicallity in attacking hard skulls using piercing weapons? This should be ""Devil Hammers"" or ""Devil Nunchakus"". Apart from that, strong contender for GOTY 2016."
,Recommended,422970,30382534,Posted: 7 March,all,d'dos,"if you enjoy killing endless waves of enemies, getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when you die, but enjoy the feeling of besting yourself (and thousands of others) whenever you hit a new record time, get this game"
,Recommended,422970,21417956,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bigboyjohnnyhardon,"Great game, rewarding, fun, great replay system, buy it"
76561198087167034,Recommended,422970,27231025,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,boat,rock sugar
76561198043984874,Recommended,422970,21503128,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Imperator Vegetarius,"Raw, uninterrupted retro FPS heaven with incredible sound design, aesthetic and enemy designs.Load up the Quake soundtrack and enjoy the madness.*EDIT* they just wiped the global leaderboards, and added in at least three enemies that are essentially mini-bosses, and changed the behaviour of the Tier 2 Centipedes so that they ALWASY STAY ACTIVE AND NEVER BURROW BACK UNDERGROUND.IF YOU THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS HARD, YOU BETTER BRACE YOURSELF. THEY JUST SERIOUSLY UPPED THE ANTE."
,Recommended,422970,28715873,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jerry,"I'm going to die a couple of days sooner now because this game destroyed my nerves, nothing get you pumpin like this one folks"
,Recommended,422970,28270116,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Stag,"This game will make you hate centipedes more then you already do, thats worth $5 in itself."
76561198014377764,Recommended,422970,25208293,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Greznox,"I don't even like First Person Shooters, but this game is amazing.Honestly the first time I've ever had fun climbing a leaderboard."
76561198138542998,Recommended,422970,32747429,Posted: 24 June,all,WannaCry.exe,Often the term 'tight controls' is used to describe games. BUT THIS ONE IS ♥♥♥♥ING TIGHT BABY
,Recommended,422970,32143591,Posted: 2 June,all,Gorden Freechman,Hell ♥♥♥♥in yeaaaaaaaaah
,Recommended,422970,30862693,Posted: 31 March,all,Cory in the Harem,"(I've changed this review so many ♥♥♥♥ing times now)So basically I bought this game because I'm poor and I don't regret it, also the game has an extremely high skill ceiling. But play this game in short bursts, it's an adrenaline rush."
76561198022460813,Recommended,422970,25633923,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,THE HASH SLINGING SLASHER,"A unique, fast paced, and unforgiving game that harkens back to old school games both in design and philosophy."
,Recommended,422970,31602535,Posted: 7 May,all,EmFer,No exception. Must play.
,Recommended,422970,30182148,Posted: 25 February,all,Gobab,"The sounds, the textures, the feel of shooting daggers while skulls chitter and gurgle in your ears as you strafe and jump around a horde, trying to clear spawners and avoid flinging yourself off the edge into the abyss.If you're a fan of running, jumping, and shooting, and strive to git gud and beat your records, it's well worth the modest 5 dollars. It has a replay system that works with its global leaderboard, and the way the player moves is very comfortable and smooth, the gunplay of shooting the daggers feels solid, and you certainly won't feel like you're shooting boogers for bullets. There's no cheap deaths in this game, just you making mistakes so it's very hard to get mad."
,Recommended,422970,28185710,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Valzi,"One of the very best intense action games ever. The genre is a cross of Super Hexagon, Doom, and Waves, but the intensity also places it alongside Hotline Miami, Bulletstorm, and Super Meat Boy. Play this game, then play those games.10/10, perfect game. I'm terrified of the leaderboards."
,Recommended,422970,21370961,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,seriphus,Like Scary Daggers.
,Recommended,422970,30835155,Posted: 30 March,all,BUDDYz,Amazing game.
,Recommended,422970,23023205,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Valev,"Best indie game I got my hands on, it is really simple but it gives off perfectly an old vibe from the 90's. I'd reccomend this game for anybody opened on old or new ideas depending how you percieve this game."
76561198057822506,Recommended,422970,26142976,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Derk,"A simple yet original arcade style fps game. Very difficult. Expect to die over and over again. Devil Daggers is not for everyone. This game is for people that want to be challenged and want to continue to push themselves to get better. Just like an arcade game this is about climbing the leaderboard. Even if you suck - which most will, the enjoyment comes from the challenge, not winning. Only a handful of people have beaten the game. So for most of us the game will end just like it does in real life, with death."
76561198028966634,Recommended,422970,23085014,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TheSnvMan,Just 10 more seconds!!!
76561197980738239,Recommended,422970,27301228,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,traumas,"Intense, challanging and fun. I like the Quake like esthetic and Cthuluesque vibe!"
,Recommended,422970,21586690,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,undefined.OwL,This is so far the best game i've ever played and the only one i can give a 10/10. It is an absolutly flawless game. But its not for everyone.
,Recommended,422970,26544661,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ohsnaplol,"This is the most visceral experience you will have playing a game. The threat of death its always looming you while you do your best to survive with perfectly unsettling sights and sounds chasing you until the bitter end. Your heart rate will go up, and your limits will be broken. Some might say that this game needs walls, but its beauty lies in its simplicity. This is the best $5 you can spend on a game. (more fun competing with friends!) Nominate for 5 more minutes!"
,Recommended,422970,26358519,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,first Firefighter with a gun,♥♥♥♥in' rad
,Recommended,422970,22109661,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Crevan Embrust,Not a lot of games can get your heart racing in under a few minutes.I'll be coming back to this game for years.15 hours in and it's been nothing but physical stress.40 hours in and it still only takes minutes before I'm shaking.
76561198050049656,Recommended,422970,30248672,Posted: 28 February,all,IHateStairs,"""It's like Battletoads""-some guy on the Devil Daggers community hub"
,Recommended,422970,22306565,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,The Jumping Ghost,"Want and open world ?  A deep and insightful story ?  A survival game about gathering resources and crafting ?  A horror game about stealth and running away from your fears ?  Too bad, you're going to play Devil Daggers and you're going to love it.I never thought I would pay $5 for a game that only has one single level with 13 total enemy types.  I really never thought I would spend over 24 hours installing Windows onto my computer just to play that game, and  I especially never expected I'd do both of those things for a game like this and actually feel like it was all worth it.  This is really something else, and I don't quite understand why something so small and linear is so enjoyable.  I can't even last longer than 80 seconds without dying but something keeps convincing me to press restart and give it another go.  If you, like me, are getting tired of all the boring new trends in video games, this is the one to get."
,Recommended,422970,26952987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DanielJMus,"Devil Daggers is a simple game: Survive as long as you can against endless waves of demonic monsters.To start off with the obvious, the sound design issuperb, the game doesn't have any fast paced action music when in the arena, so you're left listening to the distorted cries of the hundreds of enemies swarming around you.Each game lasts from anywhere from 50-500 seconds, and while there's not much content in the game, I have easily spent almost 100 hours in-game and could easily pull off 100 more, it's one of those games where you're always wanting to have just one more go at it until it's 4am and you can't physically focus on the screen long enough to keep playing.Another great thing about the game is the controls, to a brand new player you will simply run and shoot, until you realize that there is much more to the game. Pulling off perfect bunnyhops will increase your speed, timing shotgun blasts with your jumps to launch yourself over enemies, after a while everything works together perfectly until you're gliding around the arena and through the smallest gaps between demons.All in all Devil Daggers is one of those games that you can very easily get addicted to, staying up countless hours just to beat your score by at least a second or two. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes a fast-paced shooter that involves quick thinking and reactions!"
,Recommended,422970,23521478,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Myrmeleon,"Ah yes, my two favorite pastimes... Flinging daggers at devils, and dying.Did I mention yet that they scream? No, not the devils (well they do too), the daggers. The daggers SCREAM.Sorath updated the game two times now (and included the OST, for free). Because it wasn't diffucult enough yet...Best €5 I've spent yet.666/666"
,Recommended,422970,34787142,Posted: 6 September,all,Hand Of Cthulhu,It is the end of all things.Hubris most of all.
,Recommended,422970,21737529,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Trash Bastard,Somebody shoved Quake and Geometry Wars into a wood chipper and this nightmare of a game popped out.10/10.
,Recommended,422970,30199119,Posted: 26 February,all,Nabiro,"My first thought when I opened this game was ""where has this been all my life?"" I have played doom, quake, the classics, but none of them have gotten my attention as fast as Devil Daggers. My first try was the best, it was fast paced, scary, and the sound design is FAN-TASTIC. I got it on sale for $2.74, but I would have payed the $5.In all, buy it if you like classics such as doom and quake, play it, love it, die over and over and over again. In all, this is worth the 5 bucks, and I wouldn't be suprised if the price went up to ~$10.PS: If the visuals don't scare you, the sounds surely will ;)"
,Recommended,422970,21554760,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Banana Bread,"Devil Daggers is one of those games that does one thing really well. The sole purpose of this game is to surive as long as possible on a single level. Replays of the top times are simply mindblowing to watch. If you like old arcade shooters and chasing top scores, you'll probably love this. The price is right, too. There's not really much else to sayAs a side note, the visuals are some of my favorite ""retro"" graphics I've seen in years and the sound design is incredible."
,Recommended,422970,21581802,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Alita,"If there is one word I would choose to describe this game it would be OPRESSIVE. It's relentlessly dark. The sound design is devised in such a way that you constantly feel like something is breathing down your neck. As you get closer and closer to your high score you start to sweat. You start to get a wave of anxiety that no other game has ever given me.And you know what? I love every single second of it. It has locked me in it's grasp like a prison. A prison I choose to boot up every night and push towards a better run. All of this because I must, because the game demands it."
,Recommended,422970,21609806,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,RenticleTape,"I've never struggled so hard to last longer than a minute.All jokes aside though, worth the money if you are any good at twitch shooters. Barebones graphics are still aesthetically appealing and well polished, gameplay is intuitive enough to give literally zero instructions, and overall it is a fun way to kill 2-3 minutes at a time. Unless, of course, you're at the top of the leaderboard. In that case it should remind you of home."
,Recommended,422970,21613298,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Tyrinath,"A boiling down of the base ideas that make games like Quake 3 Arena titans of their time, and turned up just that little bit more to eleven. A twitch (Quick movement that is, not twitch streaming material strictly, but possibly) shooter than seems to take place in a abyssal hellscape where it is only you, your glowing claw of a hand that can shoot streams of shotgun like blasts of red bone like projectiles at various types demons in greater and greater numbers. The art style is well honed, even if it's assets are technically simplistic. This game is a race against time, your sanity, and death.Dare you enter the fray? Or shirk away from confrontation?"
,Recommended,422970,21872231,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bastard Man,"So painful and so moreish.Has that perfect 'just one more game' feel to it, and extremely well built replay system and leaderboards.If you think this gamemightbe for you, then it is for you.You should buy it and encourage your friends to buy it so you keep pushing each other for better times.I love it and would recommend to just about anyone at this great price."
76561198038778554,Recommended,422970,21931406,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Liquid Sun,Probably the best 5$ dollar game ever.-Art style on point-Fast paced FPS-Very fun and satisfying-Very difficult and has a good learning curve-Only goal is to survive and climb the leaderboardsBuy it.
,Recommended,422970,21948247,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Gimli's Left Nut,"Devil Daggers is one of the most addictive and rewarding games I have ever experienced.  It stands to prove that a good game isnt defind by incredibly deep gameplay or a heartfelt story (though those are by no means detremental to a game).  Devil Daggers beautifully haunting art style and twitch-paced, fast action shooting mechanics keeps me coming back to it.Even if my highscore is only 85 seconds..."
76561198151768815,Recommended,422970,33975457,Posted: 2 August,all,curry,good
,Recommended,422970,35464523,Posted: 3 October,all,tsuneko,"This game is just perfect in every aspect, and that's not an exaggeration."
,Recommended,422970,32001064,Posted: 27 May,all,DkRoode,lol ez gamethis game is HARD as ♥♥♥♥. prepare your butt because you are going to get ♥♥♥♥ed by a leviathan
,Recommended,422970,34783607,Posted: 6 September,all,Skully Bob,"Its a great game. It will take so time to get used to, and find everything this game has to offer. But soon enough you will be jumping a shooting and shoot and jumping like its nothing. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,422970,24714924,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Super Hans,It doesn't look like a manIt doesn't talk like a manBut does it ♥♥♥♥ like a man?But does it ♥♥♥♥ like a man?It doesn't smell like a manIt doesn't taste like a manBut does it ♥♥♥♥ like a man?But does it ♥♥♥♥ like a man?
,Recommended,422970,26973055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zav,"This game is incredible.The simplistic graphics, the balance of the enemies (by this i mean the damage they take, speed etc.), the atmosphere, all of it is incredible.It's a fairly cheap game too, so if you're looking for a game that requires:-Strafing-Awareness-Reactionsthen by all means, pick this game up.Be warned, it will be quite tedious the first hour or two of playtime, but once you get into it, the game will just be amazing. Good for passing time, good for wasting time.I'm also writing this review for a steam badge, thanks."
,Recommended,422970,21329209,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MAD_JIHAD,Is good game.
,Recommended,422970,26334442,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,czar.maxwell,If H.P. Lovecraft made a first person arena survival game in 1996 this is likely what you'd get.
76561198261368729,Recommended,422970,27988132,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tweet,Great little time killer that is creepy and somewhat addicting.Don't play it in the dark
,Recommended,422970,22127979,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Biscuit,"First off, this game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ If the concept of obtaining progression only after putting lots of time into dying repeatedly doesn't appeal to you, then simply don't buy it.For everybody else, this game is an absolute masterpiece in high-intensity cluster♥♥♥♥ery. It's made to make you feel helpless, and the only thing that keeps you going is the excrutiating desire to prove those floating skulls wrong.Graphics are intentionally dated, and you can see the quality underneath all of the pixelation. It's meant to feel like you're playing an arcade cabinet, and it does so very successfully. As a result, I'm inclined to give the look of the game a 10/10, as the art style appeals to me, and it fits the mood of the game. If all of the game's mechanics were placed into unreal engine on ultra settings, it simply wouldn't be the same game, and for that reason I appreciate the decision of the devs to use the charm of pixelated graphics.Sound design is incredible. I have no words to describe the emotions the cacophony of sounds invokes in me. My first few attempts were filled with confusion, and the sound design is almost entirely to blame for that, which is a good thing. When the way a game sounds affects how well you can play, you know you're in for a treat. 10/10.Gameplay is smooth, if only a little undefined. The perspective that's afforded to players makes you feel like you have presence on the stage, which is very much needed once the clock ticks past the 90 second mark for the first time. Knowing where you are on the stage comes very naturally, so I give it an A+ in that regard. Of course, the gameplay isn't without its issues, but the issues I take with it are very subjective and personal to me. I suggest playing the game to get a clear view on how it feels under your mouse and keyboard. 8.5/10Conclusion: The game probably won't♥♥♥♥♥♥you off until you've died for the 50th time, and even then you will realize it was completely your fault, and not the games. Only until you reach world record status, which an extremely select few have, will you see a very clear line drawn in terms of fairness.This game isn't just for people who enjoy the FPS genre, as it's a lot more than that. The omission of a targetting reticle makes the experience a lot more smooth, and the learning curve is steep. Because of this, I'd honestly recommend Devil Daggers the type of gamer that enjoys something like Dark Souls, where punishment is constant but player-perserverance is rewarded greatly.With the three aspects of the game I scored, my average comes out to a 9.5, but keep in mind that this game isn't for everyone. Even though I've got a short amount of time played, I'm in the top five thousand globally with a current survival time of 179 seconds. Not everyone is going to catch on in less than two hours. And even though I've achieved this time, I'm still compelled to get even better, eventually obtaining that 0.1% achievement to showcase on my profile until the end of time. Because believe me, that achievement is going to STAY at 0.1% with how hard it is to get."
,Recommended,422970,28744776,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gety,More addictive than crack
,Recommended,422970,32211243,Posted: 5 June,all,Hamsy,"If you want to work on spacial awareness and target prioritisation in your FPS games, this is a good place to do it."
76561198028678769,Recommended,422970,21358579,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kyle,"""This game is metal as ♥♥♥♥"" -Brad ShoemakerDevil Daggers is a really cool game. It has a lot of /style/ and does something I never thought could be possible: use a visual style perfectly reminiscing the swimmy, trashy look of PlayStation 1 games... and make it look good. The graphics remind me of FROM Software's seminal PS1 masterpiece ""Shadow Tower"", and while that might not be the direct influence, it's clear that the dev has a fondness for the dirty, unfiltered look of the PlayStation's early 3D games, and due to the buttery smooth framerate, it looks pretty dang neat.The sound design is phenomenal, but I feel like it needed some kick♥♥♥♥♥music, and I recommend using the QUAKE II soundtrack as a perfect supplement to this game's rough, spartan, and devilish design.The gameplay is rock solid, but it is almost unbearably difficult, and the people at the top of the leaderboards are insane. Your mileage may very on whether you like the constant retrying that this game forces you to do.I love it though."
,Recommended,422970,21801582,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,FaulPern,"So if you watched the trailer and liked what you saw, you like hard♥♥♥♥♥video games and you have 5 bucks, buy this game. It's one level, it's got a really well-done leaderboard that lets you view replays of the top 100 best runs or your friends' runs. It's got floating skulls, floating skulls with horns, scary♥♥♥♥♥barking sounds, when you strafe left and right your character bobs his head, you can bunnyhop, rocket jump, and shotgun blast some skulls in the face.It's a great game guys."
76561198010519376,Recommended,422970,21845662,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Freeping,"Your entry ticket to hell, for less than the price of a Big Mac meal."
76561198076073485,Recommended,422970,21693923,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Chadster225,Great little addicting game that you can play very quickly and extremely challenging :)
76561198052687288,Recommended,422970,24153003,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Micah,Is good.
,Recommended,422970,21592784,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,NK,Bhop through Hell and fingerbang the devil.
76561198042076386,Recommended,422970,24193121,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hendrix,♥♥♥♥this game. 10/10
76561198025114927,Recommended,422970,21555694,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kratcheroo,"I imagine that Devil Daggers is actually a tool for recruiting the generals of Hell's armies, not unlike the plot of the classic film The Last Starfighter.  Months from now, the top three humans on the leaderboards will be visited by a stylish man in a suit who whisks them away to command the armies of Hell in battle for the minds and souls of the universe.  Unfortunately, I'll probably still be ranked around 3,000th, but a boy can dream.Buy it."
,Recommended,422970,24135868,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Postmodern Memes,Best Hell Simulator 2k16
76561197960971885,Recommended,422970,21584864,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hocney,Brilliant!!!
,Recommended,422970,21700889,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,AT-64k,My headphones are properly seated over my ears. Glasses have been pushed back into position. My mouse is set to the proper sensitivity and keyboard is placed in the optimal position for comfort. I am now ready to press R and die again.Full review here on my terrible blog--------------------------------------http://brother-a.tumblr.com/post/140673719836/thoughts-on-devil-daggers
76561197972682729,Recommended,422970,24137497,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,n0083r7,"Come for the art and sound design, stay cause it plays like evil Geometry Wars."
,Recommended,422970,24189089,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Servo,"GREAT game for people who love FPS - to me, it seems like it is the genre in its' purest form.  Also, my accuracy with Lucio's primary is now through the roof after this playing this.  It almost feels like a hardcore FPS training regimen in the best way possible, but it is also legitimately fun and hard to put down.  Fantastic game, I won't go in to the details because they are all over the place, this is just a recommendation!The atmosphere and sound are wonderfully done (you NEED the audio cues) and I love the aesthetic of the whole thing"
,Recommended,422970,24390966,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Fyore,"So....I was made aware by a magazine when the 1st person achieved the Devil Dagger achievement.The artstyle was unique and everything seemed quite nice. I was thinking about buying it but hesitated because of the ""interesting"" artstyle and the sound (WTF IS THIS).Now I finally bought it and the undertow instantly sucked me into the game. It's one of these ""one more round"" type games. I played Super Hexagon until I finally beat the last stage. I play Osu! and i guess you could say I am generally into this type of games.If you like those or generally are interested in an arcade-ish shooter Devil Daggers is for you!"
76561198142145406,Recommended,422970,24649469,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,TRIANGLE,"A game probably made for badasses.If you liked quake and doom this is something for you,a very challenging and fun arcade game (and spooky).Epic sound effects, runs real smooth, and only 5 ‎€"
,Recommended,422970,21525499,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Denhark,No escape. Good game. Beat your high score. Die inside.
,Recommended,422970,27736774,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,That's How They Getchya,This game really devils my daggers
,Recommended,422970,23030846,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,∫ΩD,"The only 'arcade FPS' I know of on steam. You will easily sink well worth your money into the game and still have fun playing it. From the outside it might not seem $5, but try to get to some score such as 200 seconds and you'll see what I'm talking about (hopefully).Lol at people who say this game needs a crosshair."
76561198027906124,Recommended,422970,27091080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,capnc,You throw some daggers for a few minutes and thenyou die.
,Recommended,422970,22958288,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Fiskie,"Devil Daggers is a love letter to the FPS's of old, to DooM and Quake, Hexen and Heretic. In this game you are tasked with one thing and one thing only: Survive. None of that crafting, or exploring, or building of the usual crop of new games, this game focuses on shooting, learning your weapon, and learning enemy patterns.This game has no story, no multiplayer, nothing but surviving.Buy this game. It's priced perfectly for the amount of content, it's insanely challenging, and extremely addicting."
,Recommended,422970,27264267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cubeface,If you love classic 90's FPS's with Quake style graphics and gameplay this is a treat. For being a game in which you do the same thing over and over it's very addictive and highly competitive. The amount of skill it requires to get into the 500 second range is astounding and to reach that level you'll have to practice and improve which feels great. Hope they make more games like this.
,Recommended,422970,22117014,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,ParksandRekt,The fundamental traits of a good shooter wrapped up in a simple but ♥♥♥♥ing hard package.
,Recommended,422970,24204190,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Yung Chug tha Breakdown,My favourite part is how the projectiles go from looking like carcinogenic wheat-based baked savoury snacks to a pink hailstorm of plinking shot that looks like you're firing off the collected offcuttings of a thousand butchered vulvectomies. It's gnarly
,Recommended,422970,24159076,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,__,Endless score attack with Quake 1 aesthetic.
,Recommended,422970,24158077,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ςασυ,strange things saying 'jesus' everytime they spit out skulls10/10
76561198096287873,Recommended,422970,28786162,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,blazé,Its crazy good
,Recommended,422970,28782665,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SFB,More addictive than heroine.Talking from experience
76561198214810959,Recommended,422970,34408420,Posted: 21 August,all,corydelavega53,F*#&$*^%*^#%*^#*^%*&#$@*%^*%
,Recommended,422970,34399161,Posted: 21 August,all,swenpai,"Who told that hell is not fun?I totally can't belive it's 5$, i would pay much more for it!Amazing game where you die.. and repeat, harder than you think it is."
76561198199643373,Recommended,422970,34963293,Posted: 14 September,all,nippertipper100,ruined me for weeks
,Recommended,422970,21411021,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,GENERAL_STINK,"its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, a dev copy and pastes mechanics from 90s video games, makes a couple of enemy types with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ai, and now i can't put this game down.I guess its pretty good."
,Recommended,422970,24183318,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Auburok,"Simple. Extremely simple. But, honestly: deceptively difficult.The simple mechanics are somewhat easy to grasp, but managing these mechanics during the onslaught of... whatever horrors these are... is the real test. You can jump, shoot a stream or blast of daggers, make an assisted jump using said dagger blast, and collect gems to power up your daggers. There's not much else to it, but it's easier said than done. The only goal is to last as long as possible. A run can be seconds long, or possibly minutes. It always ends the same, though: you fall to the twisted nightmares that creep from the darkness.It's a fun demonic-themed arena shooter and not expensive, but it's definitely not for the faint of heart. Enjoyment from this game will be wrung from small victories as you survive longer, and as you power up your daggers just a little more to keep the demons at bay."
,Recommended,422970,33844443,Posted: 27 July,all,Hexxic,"I love the Graphics.I love the Frantic gameplay.I really love the fact I didn't realise I was throwing daggers for a while because I'm an idiot.Shotgun fingers suck, But lord knows I suck WAY more.Great game thoroughly reccomend if your looking for a quick arcade-y blast.If you want to see gameplay, Watch me flail about uselessly here.https://youtu.be/t_C0u8kX25I"
76561198088866872,Recommended,422970,33905945,Posted: 30 July,all,Солдат,"If you liked dark souls and want a FPS just as hard, buy this game. If you like a challenge and like playing FPS' buy this game.  Honestly just buy this game, its cheap fun and will burn away atleast an hour. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,34406569,Posted: 21 August,all,Tom's Pizza,Great game tough and pretty unfair but overall enjoyable
76561197963764675,Recommended,422970,24997423,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kraken v4,"Not really worth $5 IMO, very repetitive."
,Recommended,422970,21540908,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Secret_Tunnel,"Really awesome arcade game. Think of it like a Vlamberian FPS. There's no progression or plot, just one arena that you're thrown into. If you enjoy mastering reflex-based game systems, you'll love Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,21612658,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Incinirmatt,"This is a game where you feel like a badass for lasting less than two minutes.Also, comparing high scores with friends? AND being able to watch their replays? HELL YES."
,Recommended,422970,21487966,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Haymz Jetfield,Probably better than DOOM (2016).
,Recommended,422970,21599354,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,peerssa,"This feels like it harks back to the days of UT99, we need more games with this level of speed and twitch. Still shaking. Love it."
,Recommended,422970,24126133,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,EnragedWolf,This game is brilliant! Everything for the person who feels like they just want to hop on a shooter and bunny hop about like the good old days of Quake! It doesnt bring anything completely new to the gaming world but it provides a rich dark asthetic to the hordes of hellish enemies it throws at you while trying to manage chaos around you! Perfect game for those who can't play the new Doom and wished they could since it gives out a similar intensity of survival.
,Recommended,422970,21888010,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,「Solidsteak!」,"I write this after lasting 110 secondsPalms are sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.This game gives you an adrenaline rush like no other.In a sea of DLC, pre order exclusives and high price tags, this game goes on to prove that the simplest concept in gaming can produce some of the most exciting experiences. There's no flashy music or cutscenes here. You just have magic daggers and you kill things until you dieAnd it's one of the best games you will play.Difficult, atmospheric, great gameplay and addictive. What more could you want?BUY IT.DO IT NOW."
,Recommended,422970,21911094,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Pan Puszek,"Masochist simulator 2016.Befriend ""R"" key, you'll be using it a lot."
,Recommended,422970,21509322,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"So you see this game in the store, and you glance through the store page. The graphics look kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the premise doesn't sound too fun, and all the screenshots look basically the same. But whatever, it's only $5, so ♥♥♥♥ it, let's waste some time.You get into the game for the first time, and enemies start appearing. And you kill a few. Then you die. You lasted 21 seconds. Was that really only 21 seconds? Whatever, let's try again.You kill a few more this time, but more enemies spawn, and you die. 24 seconds. Okay. Retry.This goes on for 20 or 30 minutes. Then something clicks. You figure out a system, kill things faster, you don't get overwhelmed as fast. Adrenaline is keeping you alert as hell, and you are wrecking shop. Then you die. 47 seconds. ♥♥♥♥ yeah. You peek at the leaderboards; you're #17424 out of 20000. Yeah. That's right. Retry.Retry. Retry. Retry. Retry.You make it to 60 seconds. A new enemy appeared. It ate your powerups and you couldn't kill it. You die. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible. Retry.You manage to kill that son of a ♥♥♥♥♥. You feel like a goddamn beast. But the field is swarming with other enemies, and you die. 63 seconds. Retry.The leaderboard is taunting you. You're slowly moving up the ranks... too slowly. You're going to show this game you're not someone to be trifled with. Retry. Retry.You're in the zone. You clear the field, kill a seemingly endless number of spawners. A new enemy appears. You wreck it. Your weapon is monstrously good. You're obliterating everything that stands in your way. This is the run. You're going to beat this ♥♥♥♥ing game.You die.You feel like a million ♥♥♥♥ing dollars - you beat your previous best by 50 seconds - you lasted 143 seconds. ♥♥♥♥ yeah. You are the goddamn man. But wait. This can't be right - the game says there's still 2592 people who're slightly more 'the man' than you. Apparently xXSephiroth666Xx beat you by 0.0002 seconds. That can't be right.You're the ♥♥♥♥ing man, and you're going to ♥♥♥♥ing prove it to everyone. Starting with xXSephiroth666Xx. Because ♥♥♥♥ that guy.Retry."
,Recommended,422970,28402192,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Decaprelap,"Unless you know this is a game for you, I suggest you shy away from jumping for your wallet. If you know what this game is and it sounds good to you, buy it. To me, it is a small masterpeice."
,Recommended,422970,32149157,Posted: 3 June,all,deathsips,"fast-paced cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game. i hate it, but i can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,422970,27045257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dest.,Everything about this game is right.
,Recommended,422970,31997104,Posted: 27 May,all,Goddamn Summbitch,This game put me through an existential crisis. 10/10
,Recommended,422970,21689426,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Otsegoflesh,"Extremely challenging, awesome atmosphere... really great value"
,Recommended,422970,21452583,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,kooz,This game is a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Every second is absolute hell. Died over and over for about an hour before I finally set a personal record of 61 seconds.5/5 would torture myself again. and again.
,Recommended,422970,21546443,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,hasaczeq,DEVILDAGGERSDEVILDAGGERSDEVILDAGGERSDEVILDAGGERSThe best shooter EVER!
,Recommended,422970,28450353,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bleh,"DEVIL DAGGERS IS A GAME WHERE YOU SHOOT AT SPOOKY SKULLS AND SQUIDSCOLLECT THE RED GEMS TO SHOOT MORE SUPER BLASTS AT THE SPOOKY ENEMIESONCE YOU'RE MODERATELY DECENT YOU START SEEING CENTIPEDES AND MORE SPIDERSKULLTHINGS AND THEN YOU SEE EVEN BIGGER SPIDERSKULLS AND THEN EVENTUALLY THERE'S A CHANDELIERI SURVIVED FOR 3 MINUTSE ♥♥♥♥Yeah, it's a fantastic game."
,Recommended,422970,28848970,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Merishya292⛧Sleeping,"Review: 9/10 -This game is absolute hell... And I love it.Graphics: Very good. Love the art-style and rendering they chose to go with. seems like Devil May Cry in a 199X shooter.Gameplay: Instant classic. Reminiscent of the old days with Doom, Quake, Hexen and Heretic.Soundtrack: Meh. Only realized there's a song in the main menu, needs a Devil May Cry/Metal soundtrack!Basics: Old-School shooter WASD movement and mouse shooting.Mechanics: Hold left mouse button for full-auto fire and press left mouse button for shotgun blasts.Aiming down and shotgun blasting causes ""Rocket-jump"" boosts.Shoot the weak-spots of everything and collect red gems, after 10 red gems, your Devil Daggers upgrade.After a few more gems they upgrade again. Be careful of different enemy types and take them out in tactical order of which is most threatening. Survive for over 500 Seconds to beat the game!Story is weak, but could be as follows:Imagine you're a young sorceror/sorceress who has been experimenting with black magic and portals and one day, you wake up someplace you definitely did not go to sleep the night before. You look around the room and find yourself on a big, floating platform. Your agility is great as ever but you feel a strong, dark energy from the center of the room...The Devil Dagger you have read all about in your books, said to cause great power and torment, is right in front of you... You know that once you pick it up, you will be hunted, but also have the power to fight back.Your Book of Shadows tells you that once you touch the dagger, you will have to survive for at least 8 minutes or you will be right back where you started, this will forever loop until you defeat the clock and then, then you will be free."
,Recommended,422970,31853971,Posted: 19 May,all,☭ nekolim,link's crossbow training for sadie-maisie
76561198118510713,Recommended,422970,30613633,Posted: 19 March,all,a brick,play with dragonforce music to feel more badass
,Recommended,422970,33268450,Posted: 5 July,all,Pretty Pageant Biatch,Man the Der Eisendrache boss room sure looks different
,Recommended,422970,34789667,Posted: 7 September,all,Cutflood,This is the REAL Dark Souls....
,Recommended,422970,21692402,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,zsec,"It's amazing how simple the game design is, but yet how difficult the game is to master. I'm still working on getting past 90s. Can you please donate devil daggers?"
,Recommended,422970,21855104,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Automne Eternel,Pure psychedelic arcade style 90s FPS addictive gameplay. Words.
,Recommended,422970,22591839,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Fyaskö,"This is what true hardcore fps players await for. The challenge goes beyond any game I have ever played and I've been playing fps for twevle years.  The controls are immediately recognizeable by any seasoned FPS veteran yet it will take practice to even last longer than one minute! Devil Daggers is the equalizer to all fps player's skills alike.  Can you keep track of the position of enemies while struggling to keep them under control? Can you bunny hop just to outrun the ones that you do not have time to worry about? Can you utilize a ""dagger jump"" to evade death where you are certainly surrounded? We'll see; test your skills!"
,Recommended,422970,33144273,Posted: 2 July,all,xxxtentacion Dad,"Extremely challenging game but addictive.Oh, wanna get that 1 achievement??ha!........Your gonna need to go through hell for it... ☠️👹☠️Literally."
76561198056212389,Recommended,422970,30214979,Posted: 26 February,all,Aradicate,Dodge Ram INC. touched me in places I didn't want to be touched.
,Recommended,422970,26756901,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Revult,"Repetetive yet replayable, 21 hours in and im still motivated to do better. Hellish atmosphere with great sounds and mechanics. It's simple yet I still keep on learning new things to help improve myself and get a better score. Definitely buy this game if you like anything retro or arcade-like."
,Recommended,422970,33805391,Posted: 26 July,all,BORSDORF,♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. Perfect for fellow strafe/arena/shmup/run'n'gun afficionados. 10/10 with rice
,Recommended,422970,23393844,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jiggy FTP,"Recently I have started trying to bulk up my biceps and lose a lil around the waste, so I decided to implement my workout into my gaming time, I really enjoy devil daggers and have been trying to beat my score of 216 seconds, so I made a game within a game, every time I die I do 20 bicep curls on one arm them the next death I do the other, I also do 10 pushups after the curls, it has worked really well and encourage you guys to try it too. I would reccomend this game if you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off easily or want to lose weight."
76561198041201155,Recommended,422970,21414458,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,magikarp,"I'm bad at video games, and I'm in top 400 right now, this game might just improve your reflexes. It's daunting at first but it might just be the best $5 you'll ever spend, hell I've bought a couple more copies for friends to have some more competition and plus just want to give this game more money cause it deserves it. It's a game that you unintentionally keep thinking about in the back of your head, keep wanting to go back to for just. one. more. run. Give it a shot, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,422970,31996629,Posted: 27 May,all,DrFish,"After a minute hesitation, start the game, run for life for 30 seconds in horror.Die.Restart.Die.Quit game, f*** this.Try again in 3 months.Awesome adrenaline punch.Recommended."
,Recommended,422970,21416594,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ext.,"Really addictive, can't stop playi- OI WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ KEEPS BEATING MY HIGHSCORE?!"
,Recommended,422970,21880948,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Major Dick Bong,First person Robotron.IN HELL.
,Recommended,422970,21469634,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Luisfius,"This is 90s  fps distilled, and then honed to a razor's edge.Yes, it is a single level, but good luck lasting in it. It is harder than Super Hexagon.And the sound design is ridiculously well done. It is an audiovisual feast, if that feast was also a nightmare.Amazing game."
,Recommended,422970,30225143,Posted: 27 February,all,Boomz,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,422970,22710020,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,monkeybut2020,yes
,Recommended,422970,25601341,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Narky Sawtooth♪,"""I'm never going to have a run that good again.""""I'm never going to have a run that good again.""""I'm never going to have a run that good again.""""Spider?""""What was that spider doing?""""The spider takes gems. Those are probably important, I need to kill that spider.""""Finally killed the spider, never going to be able to do that again.""""Hey, I can kill that spider most of the time.""""Killed the spider really fast. How lucky! That'll never happen again.""""Here comes th-goodbye, spider.""""Another spider? How inconvienent. This bonerdagon is giving me too many gems for that spider to live.""Devil Daggers is not an action puzzle dice game."
,Recommended,422970,21513373,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Weylam Roth,FFS STOP SPAWNING STUFF
,Recommended,422970,21406637,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,-/EDF/-Ark,"Incredibly challenging but rewarding time-attack based fps with an amazing artstyle inspired by lovecraft and quake, combined with 90s software rendered visuals and an amazing soundtrack and 3D audio system."
76561198160605969,Recommended,422970,25216580,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,die dunkelheit darbt,Harder then Dark Souls
,Recommended,422970,21354127,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,83,10/10
76561198067463254,Recommended,422970,30066132,Posted: 20 February,all,Erik098,After 5 minutes I knew Dark Souls was easier.After 9 minutes I knew I hated myself.After 15 minutes I hated the creator.At 20 minutes I was a human void.10/10
,Recommended,422970,21486455,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,I Wish I was Fast,I wish I was Fast
,Recommended,422970,21349382,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,grogfella,"Devil Daggers merges a truly horrifying atmosphere with gorgeous visual design, phenomenal sound, and gameplay that Quake fiends will find familiar. Although the game is structured more like Smash TV than Doom, at a five-dollar asking price you definitely get what you pay for. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,422970,21397523,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,kapho?!,wonderfully software-rendered arcade cocaine.edit: they made a linux port        praise
,Recommended,422970,25255339,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fabian Gladwart,I love this game. I hate this game.
,Recommended,422970,21395815,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,GameDreamer,This game is so metal it doesn't even need music. \m/
,Recommended,422970,31366724,Posted: 25 April,all,Maloda Zero,Good to mess around and waste time
,Recommended,422970,31811295,Posted: 17 May,all,atom heart mother,"A haiku.This game is scaryNever mind I'm used to thisNo wait, please go back"
,Recommended,422970,30990795,Posted: 6 April,all,Ricter,You ever dance with the Devil in the pale moonlight?The cries of the damned start to become deafening.
76561198019965252,Recommended,422970,29020100,Posted: 4 January,all,RobHunter89,"This game is amazing! It may look simple from the pictures but man! This is easily one of the best games that came out in 2016! If you love old school shooters, like quake you will LOVE this game!10/10"
,Recommended,422970,29133030,Posted: 8 January,all,Damn Fine Ebola,Becoming addictive as drugs
,Recommended,422970,25928176,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ezikyl,"Devil Daggersis more akin to a trance than a game in a lot of ways. The game is hypnotic, and before long, every split second  becomes an unconscious decision as you run, jump and shoot in an unrelenting, but ultimately futile attempt to survive.  Less than 0.1% of all players who own the game have actually earned the game's sole achievement - to survive 500 seconds, and I don't know that I ever will. It's a game in which you constantly shoot to fend off the unrelenting legions, but if you don't take your finger off the trigger you will never get any of the quite vital powerups.The visuals ofDevil Daggersare quite clearly meant to evoke classic FPS like the originalDOOMandQuake, complete with shaky polygons, Jagged edges and a low resolution. The enemies are all visually distinctive, and have their own audio cues: it's quite vital to wear headphones to survive. The music is also spot on, adding further to the games atmosphere.There's no explicit story to this game, and perhaps it's better to be all your own imagination. You touch the dagger, and from that point on you're doomed to die, but all that matters is how long you can draw out the inevitable. For this price, I highly recommendDevil Daggers."
76561198054921521,Recommended,422970,26509219,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,zeldarms,"Pretty decent... if you've got the patience. You'll die like a stuck record, over and over, until you reach your limit. My limit was 2 hours tops. It's a good game, and I'm sure others will get more out of it than I did. Will probably be one to dip back into every so often just for a wee 5-minutes of berserk, bloody onslaughts."
,Recommended,422970,21313526,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,mthw,Shub-Niggurath's Pit 2.01b!!!!
76561198097377539,Recommended,422970,31576622,Posted: 6 May,all,Bill Nye the CI Spy,A Creepy Looking Arena Survial Game with More Strats and a Skill Ceiling Higher Than Most Modern day FFSBill Nye the CI Spy Approved
,Recommended,422970,28576825,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,美少女Ｓａｉｌｏｒ Ｖ,"It's amazingly fun and difficult.It revolves around target prioritisation, spacial awareness, movement planning and prediction aim. The basics of shooters, but in a crazy pace.Everybody should play so they could actually learn how to play shooters."
,Recommended,422970,28764115,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Au\\sjhjyf,buy it now
76561198055062493,Recommended,422970,28740260,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MRCHEESEMAN77,"""Absolutely, fantastically, horrendously, terrifically, gorgeously, brilliantly, demonically, splendifferously, addictive!! """"69/10!""""Best 5 doll-hairs you'll ever spend!""""Giggity giggity goo, All right!  Devil Daggers, OH!!!!""""My pen1s grew 7 inches from playing this game""------Pick One ; )"
,Recommended,422970,30073026,Posted: 20 February,all,The Cook,"I never knew how addicting yet frustrating this game could get. Simple premise, Endless fun & Genuine creepiness. Best $2 I ever spent."
,Recommended,422970,28433361,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mr.$mith,This game will show you what a real gangbang looks like
,Recommended,422970,29253400,Posted: 14 January,all,[Stolen] L0CII,"My first try i got 42 seconds, safe to say i have unlocked life"
76561198034424486,Recommended,422970,29266026,Posted: 14 January,all,The Next Dad,"This is one of my new favorite game, it is very unique and extremely fun. If you are not sure if you want to buy it or not, buy it! You won’t be sorry!"
,Recommended,422970,21468087,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mazinkaiser,This game is INTENSE. It's GIT GUD the game. It's Dark Souls the FPS. It's Contra 3: Survival Edition. GET IT
76561198009991060,Recommended,422970,28119442,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Izicial Rage,Coming down from the best run I've had yet it feels like the game forces your focus to intensities I've personally never felt before. It literally feels like the only thing you have is to survive and the longer you survive the more intense the focus or high gets. I'm not exaggerating when I say you feel as though you're lifted as if you're soul is taken from your body and it only stays in this state as long as you can survive. Definitly recommend to anyone that doesn't get motion sickness.
,Recommended,422970,28166307,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mechadaisywhip,This game is thrilling and beautiful. And boy oh boy does it make you earn your progress.  Can't recommend it enough!!
,Recommended,422970,28097570,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,4nes,"First I played this game and hardly survived 30 secs. I watched long gameplays and thought it's impossible, but after some hours of training I enjoy this game a lot."
,Recommended,422970,26181385,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lumia,Game of the year 2016
,Recommended,422970,25566122,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,♡ an abundance of strawberries.,It's the Dark Souls of wave-based shooter games
,Recommended,422970,25580723,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NymphCore,"Seems easy, seems simple. It's simple, it's not easy! Funny asf though! I recommend it, didn't got so much play time, but I know this game I saw alot of videos! Maybe the best invested 5€ :)"
76561197998960712,Recommended,422970,23573908,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,vearheart,"This is the absolute best $5 I've spent on a game, I am still horrible at this as well."
,Recommended,422970,24122305,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,moho_00,"I thought I was fairly decent at FPS games and then I played Devil Daggers.  I now realize I'm bad at FPS games.  Very, very bad."
76561198022861402,Recommended,422970,21313784,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended,"About an hour played. Still only at 86. Hard, and fast, and dark. and hard."
76561198064917586,Recommended,422970,21530075,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,War Whorse,Front runner for game of the decade.
,Recommended,422970,22222258,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,elohwel,"A dark, fast-paced horror shooter with simple game mechanics that is very difficult and an absolute blast to play. I love how easy it is to just pick up and play a few rounds without waiting on long loading screens or having to get knee deep. Only got 5 minutes? That's enough to get wrecked several times if you're new. Well worth the $5 spent."
,Recommended,422970,22259635,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Voodoo,This game is the child of Quake and Dark Souls.10/10
,Recommended,422970,22906522,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Deathy,"I really love Devil Daggers.It's challenging, has a movement mechanic that is direct, easy and awesomely reminds me of Quake/Doom. If you love to have a game for inbetween your other games or love to beat some time racing through the leaderboards - this game is for you.Top-notch art style with a pixel renderer that is truely worth its name."
,Recommended,422970,23851128,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IM374LI,"Simple concept but really fun and addicting, even though I suck a it. Love the design as well. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,24142971,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tentacle Monster,"For a minimalistic retro-esque arcade arena shooter this is... pretty... erm...I don't really have a word for it.I'm kinda... spooked? I can't really understand, this game feels... wrong.Like it's something i would find in the darkest corners of the internet.It induced silent panic in me, if i can call it that.I like how this plays and how much this looks like a PS1 title, but......It feels so wrong...Go ahead, try it yourself. But i warned you, though."
,Recommended,422970,24144505,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,pjshillingford,"Pretty Chill game. Not like other rage games, where there really is no point. leaderboards are the only reward i need. Maybe they add multiplayer sometime. I would love to see DraQu and Sojk play together."
76561198054785289,Recommended,422970,24194000,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sir Doctor Milkman Daddy Dunn,circle-strafing simulator 2016
,Recommended,422970,21366886,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SMole,Now make a game on this engine.
76561198069876357,Recommended,422970,21643868,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NECROCANNIBAL,- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tracking- No inverted cross crosshair+ Hard as ♥♥♥♥+ Painkiller-style movement  feeling+ Perfect soundtrack :)STRAFING SIMULATOR 2016
,Recommended,422970,21518076,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fraggot,"This is a skeleton war.A wonderful, wonderful, skeleton war. An arena shooter for a generation suffused in low atttention span, low time preference entertainment. Do it again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again.For the asking price of five dollars, this is superior value."
,Recommended,422970,21539338,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Alex,"Armed only with his wits and a mysterious magical dagger, a lone warrior fights off an endless horde of demons and learns a thing or two about friendship along the way."
,Recommended,422970,23856008,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jam,"I've currently got 8 minutes play time for this game and I'm in awe. It's what you'd expect to find in a skill based shooter, although as other reviews have said it really is physically challenging too. Would recommend."
,Recommended,422970,24178590,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mechamui,"Doom? Quake? No, it´s a really adictive game that will make you insane for beating your current record."
76561198029875494,Recommended,422970,24195515,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,cheechnya,This game will make you grow hair on your chest. Its non stop adrenaline and i've never played anything like it.
76561198019516021,Recommended,422970,24203495,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sasandora,"Great idle game. Leaderboard system is really what makes me come back to it every once in a while. Don't be too spooked to look for guides though so you want hit a brick wall, as there is no tutorial in the game itself."
,Recommended,422970,24227150,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BullzWodka,reminds me of the old dayseither in gameplay or graphicsrecommended!
,Recommended,422970,24261445,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Howhaveyouben,"It's simple, hard, and I can't stop...."
,Recommended,422970,21372466,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Koffein_144,kill. die. repeat.
76561197969036179,Recommended,422970,23634798,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jabolotai,"Repetitive, brutal, addictive gameplay with excellent sound design make this really fun to play. If you enjoy twitch style FPS and refining your tactics and strategy, I highly recommend this. The feeling of breaking your personal best after ""one more go"" is satisfying indeed."
,Recommended,422970,24122473,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rich uncle skeleton,>tfw missing one gem on the god damn centipede
,Recommended,422970,24133776,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nebulouswolf,Pretty darn gud
,Recommended,422970,24143316,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,GrapeTrain,3 minutes of play is enough for review. (review is allowed from 5 minutes because Steam never like me D: )I need to post some smart joke here but.. no.It's on sale btw
76561197983439201,Recommended,422970,24146972,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Glimp's PUBg,What you see is what you get and i love it.
,Recommended,422970,24140163,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,eruid,Pretty good.
,Recommended,422970,24148954,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Dixon,"Buy This Game.Super replayability with fun gameplay and it's a grindfest of skill. You never stop learning and getting better at the game, pushing those leaderboards, and it's surprisingly addicting. Well worth the cheap pricetag. Would love to see a multiplayer gamemode someday :P"
,Recommended,422970,24149018,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Heavy Mettle,"Devil Daggers popped up out of nowhere for me, and it's exactly what I'm looking for. It may be for you too. The carnage, juxtaposed by nimble, almost ice-skating like control throws you into a world where creatures of the damned spew forth from the bowels of the underworld to challenge your right to exist. A sole survivor in a land of mayhem and massacre, your job is simple. Leave no skull unpierced, and what a job it is. The goal is clear enough. You have the tools. You have the conviction. But do you have the fury to send the minions of Hades crawling back into the foul ooze from whence they came? We shall see.Step One: Launch Game.Step Two: Launch Media Player/Youtube.Play- Slayer's ""Reign In Blood""Play- Skeletonwitch's ""Beyond The Permafrost""Play - Darkthrone's ""Transilvanian Hunger""Play - Morbid Angel's ""Altars of Madness""Play At The Gates' ""Terminal Spirit Disease""Step Three:Slay."
76561198084259097,Recommended,422970,24150535,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Clay___,"This game is a rad 3D, bullet hell, Doom style game. This game is awesome to play while listening to metal."
,Recommended,422970,24152568,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CaptainHammer96,"Imagine the difficulty of Dark Souls, the Die/Repeat aspect of Hotline Miami, and the addiction levels of crack.  Throw that in a bag, shake it up, bake gently in the fires of Hell, and you get Devil Daggers!"
,Recommended,422970,24166894,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Captain Sass,"It's tough, it's got a high skill ceiling, it's heart-throbbing, it's beautiful, it's enraging, and it's a game you need to buy right now."
,Recommended,422970,24167239,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Duck,"Such a great game, perfect to play in short bursts.  Every second you earn feels hard fought and watching your high score progress is incredibly satisfying."
,Recommended,422970,24172609,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BoomKarang,"it's like Serious Sam, Touhou, and my nightmares had a nice night in bed and then birthed a beautiful, horrific baby raised by Quake 1"
,Recommended,422970,24376460,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AllYouNeedIsKILL,"This game is amazing. It's very simple with one weapon and one stage, with a only a few enemy types. But it's use of old school FPS movement system is a joy to master. While the game is really simple, it takes time to master it, and understand when you get the upgrade and which enemies to kill first. What keeps you playing is improving your time and your play. The feeling of getting better and improving is what keep you motivated.5/5 Highly recommended for anyone that like to beat their own time, and improving. Getting the 600+ time might be impossible, but you always will getting better and better."
76561197997029895,Recommended,422970,24169108,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,KillingCorpses,"This game is an absolute blast. If you like an old school Diablo II feel combined with a fast paced FPS, then you'll probably love this game.Much like Dark Souls, this game isn't about upgrades to your equipment, but it's about how much skill you develop as a player throughout your countless deaths. You will struggle, dying at low numbers over and over, but eventually you'll have a lucky run that will push you past your record. Then you'll slowly disect how that run was different to your others. An hour later you'll breeze past your old times just dying to get to your next high score.This game is very inexpensive compared to the amount of hours I've put in, but if you don't like repetitive gameplay, maybe watch a couple of youtube videos to get a handle on the game before you buy."
,Recommended,422970,24185828,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,niko,"this is an incredible game.the thing that stands out to me most is the sound design. each monster/event in the game has a distinct audio cue that tells you what type of threat it is, where it is in relation to you on the platform, and how close it is. the game seems to have been designed with this as a core mechanic, because even on my crappy laptop speakers it's very easy to pinpoint exactly where a new mob has entered the stage.visually the game is brilliant. the graphics are designed to tax you and test your endurance as much as the gameplay itself is. I would call the game gorgeous, but I don't know if that's the right word to describe disembodied killer skulls, giant wrathful centipedes, and floating, chittering tick/spider creatures.this is NOT a game for those who get easily frustrated or those who dislike challenge. there is NO handholding. this IS a ""♥♥♥♥ you"" game.I could compare Devil Daggers to Enter the Gungeon, Nuclear Throne, Crimsonland, etc. meet Quake 1."
,Recommended,422970,24207703,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Drakelstorm,"This is one awesome game, if you like Serious Sam and killing endless waves of minions this is a must have."
,Recommended,422970,23849588,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MickelAngleHoe,THERES 9/11 AND THERES THIS... its a good game buy it Gaybin says so.
76561197970372437,Recommended,422970,23895473,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lord Backstab,"You are John ""Devil"" Daggers and your job is to shoot daggers out of your hand. A rewarding experience unless you are bothered by skulls or spiders or giant squid-skull-thingies or disgusting boneworms,,, bleurghuhuhu10/10"
,Recommended,422970,24152904,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Khârn The Betrayer,"Easily the most hectic and intense shooter i've ever played. This game boils down what an arcade shooter is to 3 pillars, Speed, Speed, and Speed. Shoot your way through endless demons in a non-stop adrenaline rush of horrific action the likes of which have not been seen since the original doom. In 30 second intervals. It's goddamn genius"
,Recommended,422970,23399678,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,noblekale,"Spent a few hours on this last night.The game loop is incredibly tight, and mostly short - but it doesn't waste your time getting you back into the game.Graphics are done with a particular style in mind, and I think they succeed. The sound design is so very, very incredible - but I do prefer to listen to some music while playing. I found Poisonblack to be good, as well as C-Lekktor.Don't pick this up if you're looking for something deep and life changing. Do pick this up if you're having a♥♥♥♥♥♥day and just want to get into a fast, furious game of killing♥♥♥♥♥♥and running away"
,Recommended,422970,21329218,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Pam Poovey,"Imagine Quake and Geometry Wars got together and had freaky loving, using positions from HP Lovecraft's Kamasutra, and the resulting Mellisandre style shadow-baby that crawled it's way forth is Devil Daggers.The game plays like a first person bullet hell, the sound design is amazing and all the creepy scuttling and vworping you hear around you isn't just there to freak you out, but to aurally position enemy hellspawn. The graphical style evokes classic 90's era shooters, and it works extremely well here. Gameplay is stripped down to the absolute bare minimum, there's only one goal; seemingly to stay alive for as long as possible. I think I would've enjoyed the game so much more if there was more to it, some levels to traverse instead of just a straight up endless wave survival mode, but for a game that's whole focus is being so ultra stripped down, it's hard to really fault the pure simplicity of it. And for the price? Not bad at all."
,Recommended,422970,23033042,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SEAHORSE2FUN,"you will pay far more than the $4.99 that it costs to purchase this gameyour receipt will be inked at a crossroads, and your signature penned in accursed ichorand you will know no rest from the meandering forces of hell12/10, continues to infest my sanity on a daily basis"
,Recommended,422970,23610684,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dorchaigh,This game really does hate you ;-;11/10
,Recommended,422970,23528264,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,bubberfucky,"bullet hell without bullets, only daggers and 240p skeletons"
,Recommended,422970,21578509,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,severe depression,"Guest Starring: The ""SKULLS"" Parasite Unit"
,Recommended,422970,28693872,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Autumnal,"A pitch-perfect love letter to Quake and Robotron 2024.  A pure gaming experience that shouldn't be missed.  Compulsively replayable, and the leaderboards make this a must for friends.The fact that you can so seamlessly watch replays is also incredible."
,Recommended,422970,24229348,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Spiky Michael,This game has filled a void in my heart.I was drifting through the pages of steam looking for that perfect game. And now I have found it.Purely amazing.
,Recommended,422970,24242975,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,moonhead,"Great game! Such a challenge, but super rewarding as you keep getting better and better.  The enemy design is amazing and the sound effects are top notch.  Play at night with headphones and next thing you know an hour has gone by.  No-brainer for the price!"
,Recommended,422970,30055527,Posted: 20 February,all,BrownStains,"Looks good, sounds good, plays good."
,Recommended,422970,26097941,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Renegaderade,"*Buys Devil Daggers*Me: Pshh this looks simple enough.. should be easy, I've played plenty hard games over the years.Devil Daggers: Hello and welcome to Devil Daggers I hope you enjoy your stay!Me: Oh why thanks thats very kind of you!*starts playing first run**dies*Me: Ok they one shot you, fair enough.*starts another run**dies*Me: Ok that one was fair I didnt see him coming.*starts 999th run*Devil Daggers: Give up?Me: NO I WILL PERSIST I WILL COMPLETE MY GOAL I WILL NOT BE THE LOSER HERE!Devil Daggers: YOU HAVEN'T EVEN PASSED 30 SECONDS ITS FUTILE JUST STOP WHILE YOU CAN!*dies on 29.99 seconds*Me: ...Devil Daggers: ...10/10 Brilliant Game (no sarcasm intended)"
,Recommended,422970,33896319,Posted: 29 July,all,⸄✟enacious ▲lien⸅,Kawabunga! yeah!
76561198052406237,Recommended,422970,30124353,Posted: 23 February,all,Lakisha,"Very hard, but I love it!"
,Recommended,422970,23630740,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tammilisäke,"Play it, die."
,Recommended,422970,26475969,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Wieprzek,"Intense gameplay for short amounts of time. Great to spend a few minutes (if you can survive that long).... or an hour cuz ""One more time syndrome"""
,Recommended,422970,32798407,Posted: 25 June,all,Vino [Olive Garden],"It's like the best part of old school FPSes without anything else. If Serious Sam or Doom is a five course meal, this is a thick slice of chocolate cake with tons of icing. Very satisfying in short bursts!"
,Recommended,422970,24345163,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,VEXOxd,i like this.
,Recommended,422970,27522029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flump,I'm bad at this game and it makes me angery
,Recommended,422970,26391907,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Filho de Gled,"Well, at least in this game is possible to stay 60 seconds alive, so..."
76561198094226085,Recommended,422970,27984730,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ItsNotAlex,2Spooky4me ;-;
76561198208423545,Recommended,422970,29217548,Posted: 12 January,all,AltKnightRises,Dont play this with a trackpad...
,Recommended,422970,26836600,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bloodis,"Can't go wrong with an oldschool FPS with a survival theme. I also have to mention how I love how you can play this for couple of minutes or for several hours, depending on your preference to play the game if you like to grind out the best time possible or just play it to spend some time."
,Recommended,422970,21321344,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Porkchops4lunch,"Great game, Well worth the price. I grew up with the old school fps games and felt right at home playing this (even if it kicked my♥♥♥♥♥. I only worry that some players will never see or fight even half of the available spawns.I can't get over how good the sound effects are and how satisfying it is to kill stuff. Well done team, it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,422970,21827023,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Ｇｒａｙキツネ,"111,5784/5"
76561198054387451,Recommended,422970,31692114,Posted: 11 May,all,Kuolema,"Hard and challenging . (Like me, when I'm playing it)"
,Recommended,422970,21869856,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,akrasia,This is ♥♥♥♥ing hard.10/10
,Recommended,422970,32843453,Posted: 26 June,all,Lily Demon,>Lovely gems to collect>Interesting artstyle>Tons of NPCs wanting to say hello via hugs and head boopsWhat more could a girl want in a game?11/10 worth every penny
76561198049686337,Recommended,422970,32837859,Posted: 26 June,all,Saturn,solid ♥♥♥♥ing arena shooterintense leader boardskeleton spidersIf you don't own this you can't call yourself a fan of arena shooters.
,Recommended,422970,25822202,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,mackan0403,F̵̩̳̑̄̽̏ͭ̾̉Ọ̠͇̥̳͋͋͋ͯO̮Ḽ̤̗̭̅̆̔͊͛S̭͈̩͉̝͗.̹̖̺̯̠.̫̖̟͗̾ͥ͐.̠̠͕͉͔͖̲͓͉̲̟̩̫̙̂̈ͤͯ̓̇ͣ̾͌̑̌̉ͫ̚͢T̼̙͍̩͖̫̭̏ͬ̓̽̃ͬH̠̝͊ͫͥ͑̇I͍̻͕̯̮̯̠ͥ̄̂̏ͪͤͩS̛̎ͧ ̥̖̣̯̑̋ͬ͛ͯ͌ͦ͝H̞̘̺̮̯̥E͓̣͇̟̟̱̖͋͌L̦̲̲̳̗̘͔̐L̺̋͡ ̹̭̝̤̦͓̿̏̎I̶͚̞͚̯̥̳ͫS̫͎̗̓ͧ̓͘ ̬̜͉̺ͮ͝E͖̫̭̿͗̓ͩͮ̓̌ͅT͎̪͕͍̒̅͐E̶̲̞͊R̵̻̍̃ͮN͈̱̱͙̺ͪͥA̪̤͔̗L͇̫̐̃̾̿͋̊̂.͖͎̥̫̗͎̏̄ͯͅ.͕̠͑ͦ.̢͙͙̻͖̠̱̭̤͉͙̪͓̲̭ͦ́ͪ̑͋ͮ͗͌͋̔N̲̝̞̒̐Ő̜͍̗̞̱̈͐̒T̤̩͔̥H̛̙̤̗̞̟̭͚ͯ̒̍̆ͯ̾Ī̴̪͉̳̫̎ͣͪ͗̾͆N̨͍̪̗ͨ̉̀̓̒G̦̭̙̅ ̮̘̜̲̦͍ͮ̇͊C̰͕̅̾͌̐ͯA͇̟̖̥̤̤͌̓ͥ̓̈́̀ͦN̥̫̞͍̬̤ͦͫͅ ͖̙̮̞̔̉̍ͧͨ̄͞ͅŚ͓̯̋̊̏ͦ͟A̵͓͙̖̰ͅV͍̙̤̰̰͕͗ͣE̪͙ͬͫ̎ͯͨ̐ ̦͉̩̃ͅY̡̺̹͇͗͛̓̉̚ͅȌ͈ͫU͖̳̫̙̞̰͒ͪͨ͡.̻͕ͬ̓̆ͦͅ10/10
,Recommended,422970,25156087,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Tallcat,Very fun. Very good job of looking like Quake.
,Recommended,422970,21409820,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,syk9ssss,"annoying, frustrating, demoralising. but yet more addictive than heroin."
76561198116309709,Recommended,422970,29522898,Posted: 27 January,all,Shpee,Now you know why two fingers are the way to go
,Recommended,422970,32780060,Posted: 25 June,all,[LB] A Can of Sun Drop,"Let me start by saying I've never had ""fun"" with this game. I wouldn't say I haven't enjoyed my experience with it, but I definitely wouldn't call the hellish anxiety-ridden fear-driven bunnyhopping stress adventure this game offers ""fun"". Now, I'd also like to express the fact that this game genuinely seems to try to make you feel helpless. It achieves the opposite of what Doom does. You feel like at any given moment, something could pop up behind you and kill you. Paranoia is the ketchup to this game's roast beef.Yet I still keep coming back.If I had to personify this game, I'd call it an abusive father. You keep getting the snot beaten out of you, and the game keeps telling you this is your fault, or that it's only doing this because it loves you. But ♥♥♥♥, when you get its approval, it feelssodamn good. All in all, I recommend this game, but please understand that it won't make you feel happy."
,Recommended,422970,23007848,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Cyka McBlyat,I liveI dieI live again
,Recommended,422970,34203709,Posted: 12 August,all,Dingus Khan,This game is fast. I can only play this game in short bursts because it is so stressful (in a good way!). The game's sound is as important to the atmosphere as the graphics.
,Recommended,422970,30219335,Posted: 27 February,all,Siledas,"Unforgvingly difficult and insanely twitchy; a very lean offering that could have been improved by some simple additions (better positional signposting for enemies and more complex level geometry), but the purity of the experience and the laser-focused art and sound design make it a refreshing throwback to first-person shooters from yesteryear. Like a fancy dessert at a nice restaurant; incredible presentation, but a portion size so small you'll wish there was more to it.Overall: 6.66/10"
76561198065278442,Recommended,422970,21381994,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,cum receptacle,I'm gonna use these devil daggers to slit my own goddamn wrists.666/10
,Recommended,422970,29014060,Posted: 4 January,all,J-SP-R,This game is your best nightmare.
76561198151234247,Recommended,422970,31926850,Posted: 23 May,all,Chrizk0,"One word, addiction."
,Recommended,422970,21604682,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Slix,F**KING INTENSE
,Recommended,422970,23078014,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,o4zloiroman,"Addicting arena shooter with surprisingly great atmosphere and audio/visual design (if you’re into it). Geometry Wars from first person. The main idea is to get as high as possible in the leaderboard, to become one of the few who beat 500 seconds mark. If you're achievement hunter, be very cautious; it's one of the rare games that actually require true skill to get 100%, despite it having only one achievement."
,Recommended,422970,30665146,Posted: 22 March,all,Mrs. Questionable,"DEVIL DAGGERS: A TEXT ADVENTURE. (TM): A CORPORATION OF QUESTIONABLE AUTHENTICITY.You see a dagger: What do you do?Take Dagger_You take the dagger, and are presented with a large, eerie platform, not being able to see anything more than a few yards ahead of you. Suddenly, a large, demonic tower slowly crawls towards you, a small red gem glistening off the side. The tower would then open abruptly, tentacles writhing around in the air as a horde of skulls begin to pour out of the disgusting sight, lumbering their way towards you. One skull would be more prominent than the others, slightly larger with a set of horns adorning it's face. You ready your weapons. What do you do?Engage the large skull_Error. ""Engage the large skull is not a valid command""*Head banging against the keyboard*. . .Engage the horned skull_You fire your daggers at the horned skull, quickly eliminating it from your list of threats. However, the crowd of smaller, more agile skulls are nearly upon you. You may be able to dodge out of the way, but this will not eliminate the problem. What do you do?Engage the small skulls_You fire a few shots into the dense crowd of skulls, loosening the group up considerably, as the straggling skulls break up and split off, only to turn around and turn back towards you. The Demonic tower is now closer to the center of the platform, with another one in sight entering from your right. You must multitask now, engage the first tower and remove it from play, or eliminate the skull threat?Shoot the tower_*This process will repeat a few times*Suddenly, a large, horrific spider-like creature floats into your field of vision from the abyss beyond, screeching a ghastly howl, piercing your ears. The various skulls behind you are not a threat at the moment, but will be soon. This spider could be a much larger threat, and should probally be dealt with, however, more towers are now amassing in the center of the arena, this could present an even larger problem. What do you do?/Help_//:C Program Files/Steam/Steamapps/Common/DevilDaggers/Help: ""Choose an answer, dumbass.""Shoot the bigass bug_//: It's an arachnid.Shoot the arachnid_"" 'Shoot the arachnid' is not a valid command""Shoot the spider_You shoot the spider a few times and the unholy beast falls back into the depths from where it came, the skulls behind you catching up. The pace seems to be picking up now. A massive doom tower slowly lumbers it's way onto the field as a tidal wave of giant demon worms, skulls, spiders, and other unspeakable monstrosities flood into your direction from all directions, closing in on you with great haste. What do you do?THE LAST STAND_DEFEND. TILL. THE. END.*Lots of bloodcurdling screaming*"
,Recommended,422970,24124989,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ahiam94,"Before you even consider buying this game, you need to be aware of some things. One, this game is strictly a survival game. There is no story, there is no multiplayer, there is nothing but one single mode, survival. Two, Devil Daggers is probably the hardest game ever created. The first 20 deaths you experience will probably be within the first 45 seconds of the game. If you don't mind dying over and over and over and over just so that you can finally last over 1 minute then go ahead and buy this game. If you're easily frusterated, stay far far away. My only compalint is that the game is almost too hard. I haven't been able to experience a fraction of what this game has to offer because of not being able to last long enough. I want to see/hear all the monsters as they all have cool designs and make really eerie noises. But I'm afraid I'll never be able to last long enough to see everything. That's the only negative thing, though. The game's good fun, and I'd reccomend it."
76561198402269572,Recommended,422970,34882433,Posted: 11 September,all,ᵗᵒᵒᵐᵘᶜʰchromosomes,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,422970,26613059,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Quasar ULAS,"a straight forward horror fps shooter in the vein of the old school classics (think doom/quake)this game isn't something to undergo lightly, or for the faint of heart. it requires constant attention to play properly and manage the influx of enemies on the screen.  while the mechanics are dead simple the addictive straight forwardness of the gameplay is why this game is good!unlike most modern takes on og shooters there's no fluff, just a menu and solid gameplay. it truly feels and plays like a classic fps! this will appeal to some people in spades, others not at all. it really comes down to how much you want to invest in getting good and holding off your inevitable demise. this is a vision of hell twisted enough to make Hieronymus Bosch blush!in short if you like 90s style shooter affairs this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,422970,24899653,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ktl_q,"there is no refund for my soul, sorry devil"
,Recommended,422970,24116355,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,FlindoJimbori,"Devil Daggers is a fast-paced First Person ""bullet hell"". You shoot daggers to kill waves of relentless enemies, picking up gems to upgrage your daggers.This game is very addictive, and you will constantly attempt to surpass your high score.Heaven (good)+great atmosphere+simple controls+""Rocket Jump"" with daggersHell (bad)-simple graphics-repetitive gameplay"
,Recommended,422970,24064835,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,handdrawnpumpkin,"It's difficult, it's repetitive, it's tortureous, it's stressful, it's carpal-tunnel-enducing, it's great."
,Recommended,422970,21406929,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,H.I. McDunnough,"As I get less and less time to play full length games (adulthood sucks) I find myself gravitating towards games that can be played in short bursts.  One of the few games I always come back to is ""Super Hexagon"", it's a tremendous little arcade endless game.  I mention SH because it is the most apt comparison I can make to ""Devil Daggers"".  DD is a cross between Doom/Quake/and Super Hexagon.  The controls are simple and it takes twitch precision to ""git gud"" as the kids say.  I picked it up one evening, after a recommendation from a friend.  I played 5 hours in one night.  If that isn't a testament as to how addicting this game is, I don't know what is.""Super Hexagon"" with demons - 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,35319402,Posted: 29 September,all,Titosor,Game is hard. Game is good.
,Recommended,422970,22715665,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,}THE{ W[A]LL™,teach me how to dagger
,Recommended,422970,22747958,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Blackrobe,I can never have enough Quake.
76561198006073994,Recommended,422970,22275014,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Evil Dr. Birdy from Space,There's an option to use your left hand to shoot daggers.10/10 for inclusiveness
,Recommended,422970,22353834,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Fridø,"This game WILL push your limits.With old-school style graphics, fluid movement and incredible audio, I fell in love with this game.It's also like 5 euro's. I mean c'mon."
,Recommended,422970,22593890,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,erickpasta,"This game, for a mortal like myself, is a good do-it-yourself recipie for humble pie. It's tart and stings on the way down, but sometimes you just need to take your damn medicine.I might call it more of a ""personal skills benchmarking tool"" than a ""game"" but it fills that purpose well. Don't be fooled by my game time. It's as short as it is because I am bad at videogames, not the other way around."
,Recommended,422970,32920073,Posted: 28 June,all,S  U   H,"easy to play, hard to improve. i now have pains in my right hand."
,Recommended,422970,33098219,Posted: 1 July,all,Nope,"Easy to learn, impossible to master. It's all about surviving as long as you can and getting your score as high as possible."
,Recommended,422970,33160824,Posted: 2 July,all,Lil Lonely Mane,My heart rate is now at a permanent bpm of 10056054905 and my body has run out of adrenaline
76561198025173095,Recommended,422970,33019085,Posted: 29 June,all,messy mike,"addictive, fast, simple. you have all eternity to kill as many flying skulls a you want, but its hard as hell."
,Recommended,422970,21516554,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Eremita Silvano,"drive me crazy everytime, but i can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,422970,21339114,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ruc0,Its like the lost souls from DOOM escaped into the Quake engine and then the guy from hetric came and killed them.
,Recommended,422970,24130236,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"The first thing you see is a dagger and your own outstretched hand.Touch it, and the game begins.It's just you, a dark platform, and an endless legion of horrifying skull monsters.You have one weapon: your hand can fire  daggers. If you click, you get a shotgun pattern. Hold the button, and you fire a stream of daggers.It's a game of spatial awareness and precision, above everything else. The platform has edges, so you have to find some way to speed around the platform dodging enemies while simultaneously avoiding the abyss. It's just as frantic and terrifying as the videos depict.When you die, you see how you stacked up on the leaderboard (likely not even close to the top), and you can click to instantly try again. Fair warning: watching the #1 replay will give you several heart attacks and a swift ego check.You will fail.You will fail,A LOT.But it's an addictive kind of failure.Someday, I may place somewhere less pitiful on the list.For now, money well spent."
,Recommended,422970,24132162,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ast_Ra!,"Sleek and well-executed visuals combine with excellent sound design for a very polished experience. Lacking in content, but at it's low price point there isn't much to complain about. The kind of game you pick up for half an hour once in a while and appreciate, but never quite get sucked in. Overall an enjoyable experience of adrenaline and terror."
76561198082795589,Recommended,422970,25561424,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Belbew,Probably the most frustrating yet satisfying game to play
,Recommended,422970,21305758,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,oWn4g3,"Polished movement, great graphics style, addicting leaderboard climb."
,Recommended,422970,32897584,Posted: 27 June,all,T O A S T Y  B O Y,10/10 this game cleared my skin
76561198003921289,Recommended,422970,32884928,Posted: 27 June,all,Olafr,I bought this game because it is one of the only games I can run on an old Linux laptop. Quite hard to play with the mousepad.
,Recommended,422970,32996267,Posted: 29 June,all,SLURM187,"Very addicting. Very fast paced. Very frustrating, but not in an annoying way. I would recommend this for anyone that enjoys difficulty and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,422970,29804408,Posted: 9 February,all,letswise,I just can't stop playing this game. 5/5
,Recommended,422970,25500334,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,fun game for casual gamer
76561198102224927,Recommended,422970,33015510,Posted: 29 June,all,Spud,This game bent me over. Fast as ♥♥♥♥ and fun. Really rage enducing aswell.
,Recommended,422970,30132943,Posted: 23 February,all,DreamCarver,"... Where to begin?Shall I tell you of the crackling cackle of skeletal monstrosities as they fade beneath the fury of the blades? Shall I speak of the scratching of the spiders' cries against my eardrums? Shall I try to convey the crumbling tremors as a centipede burrows beneath the floor of the arena, making a sound like the breaking of the earth itself?Or shall I confess to the visions that came to me as I tried to sleep the second night after purchasing this game, of screaming skulls diving towards me, startling my body awake with a panicked twitch?It's a perfectly satisfying portrait of FPS heaven and/or hell. You and your daggers against an infinite onslaught of enemies. No permanent upgrades. No unlocks. Everything you do in a run stays in that run. Could have been some sort of stat upgrade system. There isn't.This game makes me feel weak and naked and afraid. And I love it to death and beyond."
,Recommended,422970,35265800,Posted: 28 September,all,...,Bought it.Played it.Sucked at it.Accepted my crippling body features which prevent me from progressing in skill at this game.Fell into an existencial crisis realizing that all progress that I accomplish in each video game matters little to nothing in the real world.Major debts accumulate as I refuse to move from bed where I cry 6 hours straight until I fall asleep from exhaustion.Reinstalled the game and still sucked at it.10/10 <3
76561198041156134,Recommended,422970,26163491,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,Multiplayer games are either too watered down making skill meaningless or they are Quake and have 3 people playing them. Play this instead and get your FPS fix before you go back to your corner to cry about UT or Tribes: Ascend.5/7 would reminisce about the past again.
,Recommended,422970,21352183,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,OreoSpeedwagon,"A story of rebellion:When I was younger, mother told me it was rude to point at people.Now, trapped in a summoning plane of the undead, I am forced to survive waves, endless waves of demonic horrors.My weapon? The ability to hurl daggers at people. By pointing at them.Parents aren't always right.10/10 ♥♥♥♥ you mom"
,Recommended,422970,25266531,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gab,"From this game Doom Guy and Dante run with red, scratched a$$s. Hardcore and psychopathic!Gameplay - 10/10Visuals - 10/10(coz of optimization)Audio - 9/10UI - 6/10Overall - 9/10"
,Not Recommended,422970,30162829,Posted: 25 February,all,George the Crab,"Wow. Honestly, i bought it because i expected something more than.. this. It gives even less content than i've imagined it would. The game is very pretty on the surface, but on the inside, it's really simplistic to the point it's just boring and not all that cool than it tries to be. This is so overhyped and it's really pathetic that people call this something like a ""game that is nothing like anything out there, period"". Because, let's be honest, it's a very tiny project. Is it beautiful? Yeah, yeah it is. Is it fun? Yeah, for like 5 minutes. But paying money for this and playing it like if it's a game? I don't know if i would. I'm a huge fps enthusiast. I've played millions upon billions of fps games, it's one of my top favorite genres ever. But while playing this i just kept thinking to myself: ""i'd rather play a really cool doom mod right now"". I'm shocked that this game is praised by idiot critics and even has a metascore of 83 (on par with all the good AAA games out there). So i guess, all it takes to be praised is to be all old-school-y and flashy, and to lack all the essence in terms of gameplay, while gameplay in reality is something that made all those good old-school fps games actually good, don't you think? Just adding features like ""bunnyhop"", ""rocketjump"" and etc. in an incredibly dull game is not enough to make it ""oldschool"". All that is said, it's really not the game's fault, nor the creator's. It's the same deal as with Gone Home, which wasn't a bad game on its own, untill people started raising up the bars of expectation on other people, and this game is just another victim of this hype. I guess it's an okay ""game"" to play at work from time to time, considering you have almost no time to play bigger games. Or for any other reason, it's an okay time sinker, as if there is not enough out there already. But this is still a huge let-down. Hopefully, DUSK will be there to save oldschool gaming and restore its dignity."
76561198027950740,Recommended,422970,25296859,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DickestDick,A good representation of hell as a game.
,Recommended,422970,25705921,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,YoshimitshuSVK™,This is AWESOME !!!!
,Recommended,422970,21305569,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Stringer Bell on a 40 Degree Day,Cheaper than a $6 Foot Long from Subway plus you get to fight off (white) devils with gameplay equivalent to an arena styled version of Doom 1&2/Quake...What's not to like?
,Not Recommended,422970,22074906,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kung Fu Sandwich,"This is an arcade style FPS which is influenced by the good stuff, the real♥♥♥♥♥♥like Doom and Quake but it doesn't feel nearly as refined or as fun to play as those games. You have to circle strafe your enemies to survive which is obviously awesome but the fact that enemies attack you from all sides and you die from one hit zaps all of the fun from the game for me. If the enemies used projectile attacks that you could dodge instead of bunching up in to a huge group and smothering you to death it would have been much more fun.I really wanted to love it and it's cheap as chips but sadly i didn't and i can't see myself playing this for very long.The art style is really cool and i wish the developers had created some actual levels using it instead of the small area you get which never changes. i know a lot of people love this game but it wasn't for me at all.Get Doom and install the Brutal Doom mod."
,Not Recommended,422970,23739806,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,thainen,"Generally I'm very lenient towards indie games. I love to support aspiring designers, even if the games themselves are not very good. Devil Daggers is about to become my first Steam refund.It is not a game. At best, it's a proof of concept. It would be too barebones even for an early access game -- and this one is sold as a finished product.There is notihing in there. One ""level"" -- a flat round arena with a backdrop of darkness (that is, no backdrop). The soundtrack is silence (that is, there's no soundtrack). Endlessly spawning monsters who kill you in one touch. One weapon shooting painfully slow projectiles -- supposedly there's more, but I got too bored too fast to see them. No progression system. Nothing. Just you, a sucky weapon and a rolling pile of skulls. Probably cool as a game jam creation, but not something one should sell for money."
,Recommended,422970,21352554,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,george.milton2002,BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON BLOOD SKELETON
,Recommended,422970,29394180,Posted: 21 January,all,Menty,NUT
,Recommended,422970,21354890,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,agentzeee,It's the Dark Souls of Doom-Inspired-FPS-Bullet Hell-Shooters.I had no idea how much I needed this in my life.
76561197983480511,Recommended,422970,21305234,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Unyielding Dr.MooseKnuckle,"It's like H.P Lovecraft designed a shooter during a fever dream, after he was pulled into the bowels of the Stygian abyss."
76561198089968279,Recommended,422970,21305666,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MORTUUS INTRINSECUS,it surpassed my expectations
,Recommended,422970,21303838,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NU-DOG,"GOTY 2016 so far for meThe sound design is amazing. The aesthetic is great. The gameplay and controls are tight and responsive so you have no one to blame for not being able to survive longer than 85 seconds than yourself. It's the most stressful game I've ever played since one little ♥♥♥♥ up will cause you to die but it's also the most rewarding I've played since getting that new highscore is a rush. And to wrap this all up it's for a great 5 buck price.Get this game right now so hopefully the developer will be able to make even more games in this engine. Now if you excuse me, I need to go run a marathon because I'm so jittery after playing it."
,Recommended,422970,22350304,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Olemon,"I was recommended this game by a friend. He challenged me to beat his highscore. I sat down, pressed play- and 7 hours of playing later - I died. A combination of over-stimulation, exhaustion and forgetting to drink water killed me. This is me writing a review from heaven. But I gotta go, I need to play this game some more. Pls send help."
,Recommended,422970,23223849,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MediaevalJames,"The creater of this game must've been either an evil mastermind, or a psychopath. Either way this game kicks serious♥♥♥♥♥ though that♥♥♥♥♥will mostly be your own."
,Recommended,422970,21378989,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,The Bacon Deity,very accurate portrayal of my dreams10/10 would play nightmare fuel again
,Recommended,422970,29457389,Posted: 23 January,all,HelixStyx,I've never wanted to break everything in my room more from dying in a game.10/10
76561197977733231,Recommended,422970,21337284,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Al Bobo,"You strafe while shooting, your finger turning bone -white as if pressing mouse button harder made you shoot any faster. It doesn't help. They hunger for your blood. Your hand emits an endless stream of screaming red daggers that mow down skulls, spiders, spider skulls and other horrors by scores, but the pressure is intense and you are a heartbeat away from annihilation. The sound of bones scraping the floor fills your ears as you daringly burst through the moving mass of enemies - this buying you a precious second to kill one of the skull mothers. The avalanche of monsters turns towards you way too fast. You pop them like bubbles as you make your way towards another big enemy so that you can - You Die. Hastily you make a note that you improved your high score by 0,17 seconds. You press R. It all starts again."
,Recommended,422970,21326407,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Unicorn,Geometry Wars for Quake fans.
,Recommended,422970,21321449,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,a moth,"You're given very little in this game, but what you are given feels tight and downright a blast to play.  Everything feels at just the right speed; your daggers fly fast enough to tear through enemies but slow enough so that you learn to lead them, your character moves fast enough to dodge fast enemies, but not so fast that action becomes hard to follow.  It just works.IT JUST WORKS.Go and commit skeleton genocide with daggers shot from your hand."
,Recommended,422970,21304676,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,kriptosporidium,"It's straight-forward, it's hard, and it looks, sounds and feels great. It's the very essence of an atmospheric score-based arena shooter, and if that's what you want, I cannot recommend it enough, because that's exactly what it is. No more, no less."
,Recommended,422970,21305196,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,El Medico,"I like the art style and sound design.The gameplay is solid, I like these kinds of shooters, even though the random nature of the enemy movement sometimes makes it impossible to predict and screws you over. But taking into account how fast you restart it's never a real problem.Some people will think the price is to high when looking at the content of the game, but there is a lot of replay value here. It's quick to start, quick to play and quick to quit. It's perfect for those moments for when you just want to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Will definitely be playing this for many hours total."
,Recommended,422970,21356673,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Super Fresh,"A spooktacular game about the worlds most talented floating hand coming across satans favorite cutlery. I guess he wants it back because every demon and their cat wants to ♥♥♥♥ me up now that the hand absorbed it.This game sparked my interest just from aesthetics alone back when I saw it as a greenlight project. Knowing greenlights reputation most would be wary of this games fate. Thankfully it turned out to be a gem. The kind of gem that was put under the same kind of pressure it will now put you under when you play it.This game makes me sweat balls. Ten minutes of playing it and I am sweating balls. This game puts you under more stress than the gemstones you carve out of your enemies bodies. The opposition starts out pretty light but no less than ten seconds later you are up against an avalanche of the spooky skeleton swarms from every direction, your only means of detecting the spook parade being their incessant chattering over your shoulder.Which means wear headphones. This game is intentionally dark and the only means of knowing where the next swarm is coming from is audio qeues and the faint gleam of gemstones. The fantastic audio design makes me sweat even more balls as skeletors testicles are chattering mere inches behind me.The gameplay is basic, and thats good. Its the Hotline Miami of shooters. You spray daggers faster than the beads of sweat will roll down your face or you double click to shotgun blast them. You get touched, you die, you restart, you sweat balls again repeatedly in short bursts of life trying desperately to survive more than mere minutes. Its amazing.If you like sweating balls and getting stressed out of your mind you should play this game."
,Recommended,422970,21329739,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,bloomtodecay,This game is the spawn of Slayer and Cannibal Corpse. 666/10
,Recommended,422970,30022475,Posted: 18 February,all,uo,This game's great retro graphics give me a boner.10/10 would jerk off again
,Recommended,422970,21760710,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Prolific hamfister,"It's like sex, but more pixelated and I last longer.10/10"
,Recommended,422970,21313251,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,JT |#1|,"I watched my friend play for 1 hour, it tilted me off the ♥♥♥♥ing face of the earth. I am never opening this game again otherwise my brain might explode AHHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAH xD FUNIIShoutouts - Ultra made me spend 5 dollars on this game, but i made him spend 20 dollars :^)"
,Recommended,422970,30039051,Posted: 19 February,all,dmdport,11/10Doom on a budget
76561198072600233,Recommended,422970,23073504,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Soco22,Do you like DOOM? Do you like bullet hell? Buy it if so.9/10 Would have heart attack again
76561198011129644,Recommended,422970,23408047,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,alzimo,"Very entertaining game with aweful graphic for your primitive enjoyement.It is very arcade and early 90's, perfectly suitable for a lunch break distraction or such."
,Recommended,422970,24121898,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ragnasauce,Good
76561198151793268,Recommended,422970,23270701,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,w0Ke,"Don't sleep on this game. Despite the graphics the gameplay is INTENSE. Awesome game, can't recomend it enough!"
,Recommended,422970,32279797,Posted: 8 June,all,snep(機械),i cant sleep
,Recommended,422970,21335805,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Nefos,Let me keep this short and simple. You're stuck in one level shooting up as many enemies as you can. See how long you can make it to the top of the leaderboards. Great old-school FPS with a terrific creepy atmosphere and the music is god like. I recommend it if you're a high scores junkie and that's basically what the game is. For 5 dollars really great replay value so you can see if you can beat your own high score or try to be other high scores online. If you're contemplating buy this as soon as you can. It's great.
,Recommended,422970,23211313,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Wada Wada,Stay determined.
,Recommended,422970,21437444,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,theSchäp,"Do you like running backwards and shooting things? Along side other RB&ST games like Serious Sam and Painkiller, Devil Daggers distills that frantic run and gun adrenalin into an ever increasing dose which will quickly overwhelm. Every second of survival is an achievement worth celebrating as you are bombarded by hellish creatures. The varieties in enemy size, speed, pathing, and function meld perfectly with the players simple blast or stream of daggers attacks.The fluid and familiar movement combined with the aesthetic give an almost PSOne era experience.Devil Daggers is a brilliant exploration into the depths of a single game mechanic and with the way they have integrated leaderboards you will be saying ""One more game."" long into the night."
,Recommended,422970,24116739,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,PapaDelta138,"Wow, this game has no chill. Developed by Sorath,Devil Daggersmakes theDark Soulsseries more than proud.Gameplay: It's a first person ... shooter? Shooter. Yes. You're shooting ... daggers? ... out of your hand. Against a horde of hellish monsters. The objective is to survive for as long as you can, and score as much as you can in that time. This game is hard. Don't underestimate it. It is impossibly hard. There's only one achievement for the game. But I could safely say that this game has an achievement that deserves to be called an achievement.Visuals: Nothing impressive. It looks like one of those 90's first person classics. It's just red and black colours all over to bring out a very hellish, very grim atmosphere. But it fits. So, no problems there.Mechanics: It's a first person shooter like the earlierDoomgames, so there's no ADS involved, it's a basic run-&-gun game. The movement and shooting are smooth as hell. Unfortunately, there's no controller support, but who the hell needs one for a game like this? There's no map. It's just an area of darkness with a boundary. Leaderboards are present so you could watch people's replays, compare scores with your friends, as well as the world. Yes, it's a competition with this one, too.Music/Soundtrack: Pssh. Please. Unless you count hooting of creatures, wailing of skulls and the sound of your own death as music to your ears, there is none. I think the developers would rather want you to focus on not dying in the game, use all your senses and whatnot.Verdict: Do I recommend this game?Hell yes!But, of course, there are a few exceptions:For the ragers, a flat no.For the stuck-up achievement hunters who have aced every single game they have, you could try, but you will break down physically, psychologically, emotionally, and socially - Literally. That achievement will be your death.For the rest, buy it! If it's on sale, buy it without a second thought!"
76561197960788238,Recommended,422970,24073109,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Spencer,Friend told me to check it out. Next thing I know its 5am.Awesome game for those that like a challenge that doens't hold your hand.
,Recommended,422970,33125757,Posted: 2 July,all,Missing Ruby,"Mix Doom with a bullet hell and you get this game, simple but highly enjoyable for a couple of quick rounds at a time."
76561198260475143,Recommended,422970,25278359,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,JAGGOMARS,i like this game it is kool
,Recommended,422970,21351321,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Valtakunnanjohtaja,Played for 20 minutes and it felt like 20 hours. Love it.
,Recommended,422970,21334073,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Evan_N,"Devil Daggers takes the best aspects of 90s shooters and distills them down to the best, most intnese momemnts. The end result is Geometry Wars by way of Hexen."
76561197993212487,Recommended,422970,21346307,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Molasses,♥♥♥♥ you game let me pick up my friggin blood crystals i earned them
,Recommended,422970,21389167,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Slim Tim,Very addictive and oddly competitive with the leaderboards. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys fast paced shooters and brutally hard difficulty.
,Recommended,422970,21390309,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,T O N Y,Play this game if you wanna smash your computer.Don't get me wrong its a great game.Best MYR12 I've ever spent on
,Recommended,422970,21367420,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,thotep,"Shoot increasing number of enemies on a flat arena until you die. Doesn't sound appealing, eh? But the distilled, Super Hexagon-like design makes it shine. Will you try to destroy that monster spawner, or maybe kill the monsters that chase you from behind? Multiply that by ten, and make a decision in 0.5s. And then another decision... and another...Also, incredible visual and audio design - the game's repulsive and appealing at the same time thanks to them."
76561197986357949,Recommended,422970,21328210,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Wiwi,It's cool ! But it's super hard !
76561198060171209,Recommended,422970,21335525,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kyle,This game is my new Super Crate Box! That is saying something!
,Recommended,422970,21419820,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MrPigeon,"Devil Dagges is one of the caziest games I've eve played.It will make evey passing second of you life feel like an etenity. Time will have new meaning.It also has some of the best sound design I've encounteed in a long time.I'm soy if this eview doesn't make much sense. It's because Devil Dagges has caused me to angily mash the ""estat"" key evey fifty seconds and its now boken."
,Recommended,422970,21346991,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kanelflarn,"Low poly style in modern games done right. Devil Daggers looks awesome in my opinion. It has a haunting atmosphere where the sounds help you be aware of your surroundings and unnerve you at the same time. With or without friends to race against, in the time attack of survival that this game is, I just want to try one more run before quitting."
,Recommended,422970,21348315,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mumen Rider,"TL;DR - A roguelike-lite shooter that constantly plays on a players spatial awareness, while mastering 90s FPS enemy placement & avoidance gameplay.Incredible game. The gameplay remind me a lot of Downwell, especially in how every player action has consequences, but without feeling like you were cheated; if I failed, it was my own fault and not the game being unfair or random. It looks deceptively simple, but there's tons of skill needed to succeed.What I love the most is the use of spatial positioning and awareness, or complete lack thereof. The use of audio is really the only thing that will give players any type of spatial awareness, and by limiting it so much by placing the player in a dark arena with no visual distinction, the repeated enemy spawn patterns don't come off as boring, at all. You know what to expect, but at the same time you don't. It's achieves roguelike-lite gameplay without random, procedurally generated content."
,Recommended,422970,21399316,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,NexusPhantom,"This game kicks my♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly, and it still keeps me playing"
,Recommended,422970,21367501,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sean A_yylmao,"Devil Daggers is an extremely fast paced twitch shooter entirely focused on score attack. This focus on score attack may be off putting to a lot of people, as it means there is very little content outside of improving your rank on the leaderboard. The game does some work to help this issue by layering new gameplay and enemies as you progress into a run however if you aren't focused on improving your score from the beginning you won't see this as the point where this begins to occur requires at least an hour of grinding to reach. If you are interested in score attack however, this game is a treat. The feeling of rising the leaderboard is very satisfying and the skill based twitch gameplay ensures that skill is the primary factor of getting a good score. This results in a very satisfying and addictive experience that you will keep wanting to play again and again. If you're looking for a fast paced shooter with a lot of content then look elsewhere. However, if you want a fast paced zen-like leaderboard grinding experience then this game may be for you."
,Recommended,422970,21333638,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,A Sentient JDAM,This game is [GUITAR]ing metals.
,Recommended,422970,23918500,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kuro,"This game is very good. Graphics and sounds are cool, gameplay is challenging and fast. Also there's a convenient leaderboard."
,Recommended,422970,23031070,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Clitus 64,This game is 2 spooky 4 me
,Recommended,422970,23643489,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Slush,"I'm already over it, but it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,422970,23356911,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,🐙-[Ben],thiZ game 1$ D0p3 as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,422970,24266975,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ST,Doom style combat. but actual 3D. One level Horde mode. Controlable hordes mind you. and also. Don't fall off the platform. Fun casual game. Worth every Penny.
,Recommended,422970,24373471,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,grabietka,great game
,Recommended,422970,23881479,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,FlutterShy,only 0.2% of players got this game's only achievement. gg
76561198142120718,Recommended,422970,24194200,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,toast malone,"Basically DOOM on crack. Great gameplay and mechanics, awesome sound effects. A multiplayer mode would be nice though."
76561198003918414,Recommended,422970,23803360,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Blix,♥♥♥♥ing insane. My♥♥♥♥♥clenched so tight I had to get the couch surgically removed. 10/10
,Recommended,422970,23049391,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,zazajaza,"This is a family friendly game, would recommend it for people who want to buy a game and be immediately good at. Doesn't require much skill though. 5/7"
76561198034696866,Recommended,422970,23670638,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,bardoga,devil dongers 8/8
,Recommended,422970,21437543,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Beforet,This is an unwaking nightmare.
,Recommended,422970,21340590,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,RUSTY MUFFLER,"Straight forward and simplistic first person shooter where you try to survive as long as possible.Global and Friends leaderboards with the ability to watch replays straight from the leaderboards.The artstyle reminds me of a cross between DOOM and QUAKE. Has the pixely texture qualities of DOOM but the somewhat simple model geometry of QUAKE (its actually more complex but feels classic).It's super tough and made me hate it.But it dumps you back in for another run so fast it's hard to stop.Value really depends on what you can get out of what is really a completely repetitive game where you are just trying to live as long as you can. At this time the longest run is around 8 minutes. Average runs are around 1 minute.But again, it's super tough and made me hate it.But I can't stop..."
,Recommended,422970,21369209,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,schnedwob,"Incredibly polished bare-bones (heh) gameplay with a stark, creepy aesthetic give Devil Daggers a gritty uniqueness. Buy this game."
,Recommended,422970,29547324,Posted: 28 January,all,P. Ness,Worth every mother♥♥♥♥ing penny!
,Recommended,422970,24125887,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dr.Ded,Devil Daggers is a brutal slice of masochistic heaven.
76561198269951533,Recommended,422970,25523087,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Guardian,"WTF SO CONFUSEDI, a wizard of enlighting magic, could not figure out what the story, or anything of the game, but it's really fun and challenging, 8.5/10!"
76561198044544356,Recommended,422970,24156575,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Harzarrius,"Fun, fast and surprisingly not frustrating"
76561198034915771,Recommended,422970,34597216,Posted: 29 August,all,chickenfeet12,isgud
,Recommended,422970,21379756,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Barbie,This game taught me the value of 47.6993 seconds
,Recommended,422970,21382703,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,feralcan,"+atmosphere +art +challenging gameplay +very low price for such a solid game-no soundtracks -cannot be played for many hours for most pplI can recommend this game without hesitation.Go on and buy it (first, watch the gameplay videos ofc. everyone has a different taste of art)"
,Recommended,422970,21380627,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wings,"Beautiful, challenging, enraging, entrancing, amazing game. Gotta go for 666 seconds, I want to see if that achieve is unlocked at that!"
,Recommended,422970,30298711,Posted: 3 March,all,᠌᠌᠌᠌ ᠌᠌᠌᠌,"Тебя долбят в ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ за твои же деньги, а ты и не против"
,Recommended,422970,32460103,Posted: 15 June,all,dieing (ascended),fun
,Recommended,422970,24176799,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Spartan L16,"Devil DaggersDevil Daggers is a first person arenabullet hellshooter that has graphics that of which remind you of older games such as Quake.It's a fun, fast paced game that is unrelenting in its pursuit to just wreck your world. So before buying, just keep in mind that you will die...AlotYOU WILL WANT TO JUST RIP YOUR HAIR OUT AS YOU TRY AND BEAT YOUR CURRENT HIGH SCORE WHILE FAILING UTTERLY EVERY SINGLE FREAKING TIME BECAUSE THAT DAMN SKULL JUST HAPPENED TO HIGH FIVE YOUR FREAKING FACE AND LET ME TELL YOU HOW MUCH RAGE YOU WILL BE-This game just gets increasingly hard so you must stay ever vigilant in your pursuit for the top of the leaderboards!I do hope that this game can branch out of the arena scenario and become a full fledged old school shooter (like Quake) and still keep the aesthetics and audio of it.So overall I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a funrelaxingtime."
76561198145526575,Recommended,422970,23835809,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Hentai_bigfatpanda,uhh yes.
,Recommended,422970,28106461,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,northern lights,decent aul game if ur down too drop a few yokes
,Recommended,422970,21340241,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Solaire Panels,"Devil Daggers is probably the most addictive game I've played this year.The controls are perfect, the seamless transition between each run (hint: use ""r"" to quick restart) makes dying just an incentive to play again, shooting and moving feels fantastic.The enemy design is wonderful, the sound design is obviously amazing.If I had to criticise: it could probably do with giving new players a little more information on the controls. And, the arena could stand to be a little large.Overall though I highly recommend this game to anyone who either wants a great, classic FPS, or even just something to get obsessed with."
,Recommended,422970,26648215,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Crakzeno,"Devil Daggers has got to be one of my favorite games at the moment, you go through never-ending waves of hellish creatures in a smooth pixel styled artwork where everything starts off as black and grey but your ""devil daggers"" are a bright fiery orange/red and light up the place as you shoot them, things just get more and more chaotic. Dying won't bother you as your highscore is measured inONE THOUSANDTH OF A SECONDand the chaos never really gets boring. I highly recommend it as well as an FPS training system - play this game for even just 20 minutes a day and your spacial awareness, accuracy, reaction speed and strategic thinking all improve. It's fun if you just casually play it but it's simutainiously a very hardcore FPS if you want that achievement. Definitely worth 4 quid.GET IT"
,Recommended,422970,33440402,Posted: 10 July,all,Purplewalrus101,I love hating this game.
,Recommended,422970,33637565,Posted: 18 July,all,Burrito,It's much more fun thani thought it would be
,Recommended,422970,21336754,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,zap2323,"The only thing missing from this game is HEAVY METAL BACKGROUND MUSIC. Sorath, MAKE IT SO."
76561198174179517,Recommended,422970,21336539,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tahlseth,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥, and it'll test you.Suck at FPS games? Me too. This will help not only with aim, but movement while thinking on the spot.And goddamn that atmosphere is beautiful."
,Recommended,422970,22584072,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Memag,"Unique, hard and adictive game.Game audio can fu*k with your head at some deeper levels.You can carve the horror into your brain for petty change.Replays and friend's highscores are a nice touch.I suffered greatly but I loved it."
76561197967470337,Recommended,422970,24179092,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,676,An unforgettable adventure for the whole family.
,Recommended,422970,29470865,Posted: 24 January,all,Titanic21,"I won't put any references to ""hell"" into this review, because everybody else already does.I bought this game during Helloween-sale.I played it for about an hour.I was amazed about thehellishdifficulty. (damned, it happened)So I showed my friends, who are average FPS-addicts.They agreed after playing for a minute or so.Now I'll show you this game.And I challenge all potential developers to make a game harder than this.And I challenge everyone else to survive in thishell of agame.Argh!Damned!You know, screw it. This game is literally hell, so there's no way to explain it using other words.Once again:Respect, developers. Respect. And even more respect to those who got this achievement. HOWTHE HELLIS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE?"
,Recommended,422970,22072059,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Hallowyeen,good
,Recommended,422970,21385939,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,brotherhood of heterosexuality,"if you see your mother this weekend, tell her i saidSATAN SATAN SATAN"
76561197972784493,Recommended,422970,21417104,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,rubberbandman,don't play this game
76561198264054584,Recommended,422970,29390716,Posted: 20 January,all,scallop3,"Devil Daggers is one of the best games I've ever played. It's addicting, it's ragefilled, and its fun. BUY IT NOW!!!"
76561198048527305,Recommended,422970,29516836,Posted: 27 January,all,Tr00he,"A small but polished FPS, reduced to the absolute minimum of fast and merciless arena fights. Nice artwork and old-school look, challenging gameplay - but definitely not a game for everybody. I play it sometimes as a warm-up game before playing Online shooters, and it works very well for that purpose. Definitely worth supporting for that price."
76561197976065872,Recommended,422970,29657819,Posted: 2 February,all,Time_Lord,"This game takes ""b!tch-kitty tough"" to a whole new insane level...bet ol' man Splitfoot himself can't get to 500..."
76561198012683073,Recommended,422970,29350428,Posted: 18 January,all,DemonhunterCXV (City B O I),"It's a good break game. You have 5 minutes and want to play something? You got time for a game... you might have time for a LOT of games.If you have 5 dollars, buy this game. I personally love seeing my score slowly rise, from the top 80,000, to the top 40,000, to the top 12,000."
,Recommended,422970,29522721,Posted: 27 January,all,COokie,"This is easily one of the strangest first person shooters I've ever played, and that's awesome.Taking an ""old school"" style and turning it into a haunting, atmospheric piece of art is an impressive feat in and of itself. This game drips with a disconcerting and dangerous atmosphere you just can't really find in giant AAA titles. Somehow they turned old school looking Quake 1 style graphics into a visual statement that's frightening and exciting to blast through.This is not your typical first person shooter. I'm not sure if this genre has a name but the gameplay falls somewhere in line with the movies Groundhog Day or Edge of Tomorrow, only you know...in hell or something. There isn't really a level it's just a flat plain wrapped in darkness. Demonic enemies appear all around you some on a timer and some triggered by the death of other enemies (I think), and you simply try to survive as long as you can through wave after wave. This sounds simple except that I basically garuntee you the first time you play you'll die within the first 5 seconds.Then you simply respawn and try again. The enemies more or less will spawn in the same way they did before you and you use your knowledge of previous runs to help you along, but rest assured this game is painfully difficult. Success is measured in ""Seconds that you survived"" and watching better players replays (a built in feature of the game) will only make you want to try again, over and over.Seriously the amount of sweat you'll shed just to add a few seconds to your best time is a testament to how fun this game actually is.Give this deceptively complex game a try!"
76561198043704073,Recommended,422970,29514333,Posted: 26 January,all,Dick Sledge,"Cut, Print, Damn good game.If you're thinking of getting it, get it.Costs less than a happy meal for hours of ongoing fun."
76561198187871659,Recommended,422970,29411846,Posted: 21 January,all,Cheesyelite,when i saw this game i was a bit skepticall whether i should buy it or not but now that i have it its tottally worth it and its really fun.
76561198256925910,Recommended,422970,29510821,Posted: 26 January,all,FUCK,"Devil Daggers is an incredibly challenging and refreshingly old school first person shooter that does not advertise itself as such, therefore you know you can trust it. I actually would classify this game as an ""experiemental indie title"" similar to games such as Hylics, Hotline Miami and Void & Meddler. It REALLY does have that sort of atomosphere for me.The graphics style is a mix of Doom, Quake, an old VHS tape, and the inside of Satans brain. The art style is slightly minimalistic and the mosnter designs remind me of Shadow Of The Colossus and maybe even. . . Brutal Legend? It's so hard to even classify, the monsters definitley look absoulutely stunning either way.Devil Daggers gameplay is placed purely on skill and nothing else. There is no upgrade tree, no item shop, no story, no world building, no multiplayer. There IS however a scoreboard. For some people that is a turn off (However that 4.99 price point definitely was a turn on for me) and those people need to understand that this game is NOT for someone who loves competiveness or perhaps even someone who likes the old FPS games. Its difficulty is staggering (very reminiscent of Dark Souls, or God Hand, you must take time to hone your skills or this game will punish you brutally) and it only has one arena. Everything is smooth, quick and fluid, as is death. It will come very often so prepare yourself.All in all, play it. It's literally 5 bucks, it's super fun, and hell, why not? 9/10 easily. If you want some gameplay to play in the background on your Youtube channel while you talk about some edgy subjects then this is one of your best bets."
,Recommended,422970,29384298,Posted: 20 January,all,RAZUMZHIRO,"Best damn speed game. 10/10Currently, I have survived to 184 seconds. Working on getting that 500 second achievement."
,Recommended,422970,21449247,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SemKR,If Satan and Hitler made a game together it would be called Devil Daggers10/10 would get killed by a flying skull from the back ruining my highscore again
76561197968833766,Recommended,422970,30009999,Posted: 18 February,all,D0Za,"Breaking the curse is so simple, just don't press ""r"" and you will get your life back.Would buy ""never standing still"", again 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,29089562,Posted: 7 January,all,KRAKUN,<3
,Recommended,422970,23092761,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,PK_,constantly fixing your mistakes and going mad at the same time 10/10 worth the $5
76561198255897110,Recommended,422970,30067238,Posted: 20 February,all,hadeskagemusha,cluster♥♥♥♥.exe11/10 will be boned again
,Recommended,422970,30024786,Posted: 18 February,all,Rogers,i cant breathe holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,422970,29156153,Posted: 9 January,all,Schzym,I must say i cried alot during this gameNo it doesnt have a touching storyIt doesnt have story at allit just doesnt give you a moment to blink
76561198341317031,Recommended,422970,28287624,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Snow V.2,Sounds straight outa hell 10/10 would hear again
,Recommended,422970,30024842,Posted: 18 February,all,toxic waste collector,why is this game so hard
,Recommended,422970,26286515,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Darkest Horse,Fun
,Recommended,422970,22859694,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,CritBit,How to describe this game with a title:Dark Souls: Lowered System Requirements Edition
,Recommended,422970,22291406,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,seaking177,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5T_uYJxBLEsuper ♥♥♥♥ing good game, i like it a ton."
76561197974337102,Recommended,422970,31661358,Posted: 10 May,all,Shade,"If Hell is half as much fun as Devil Daggers, then we should feel sorry for the people who go to Heaven."
76561198024478413,Recommended,422970,25764291,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FWG,Is good.
,Recommended,422970,29324711,Posted: 17 January,all,v9,Great game!
76561198033719770,Recommended,422970,29388703,Posted: 20 January,all,Neo-Rio,"Think you're good at FPS games?Devil Daggers will completely destroy your confidence.It is as raw an FPS as you're likely to get. There are very few of the tropes that most FPS games carry as baggage. In Devil Daggers...there's no map, no health kits, no lives, no continues, no save points, no plot... and no escape.You have death constantly rain down on you and swirl around you. You fire back with daggers to hold them off.... and that's IT.You will be lucky to last a minute before death finds you and ends your game....and you will play it again and again and again. Much like the arcade games of old, it's easy to play - and near impossible to master. The difficulty is brutal and unforgiving... which makes it great for a high-score challenge, and great as a casual game that you don't want to invest much time into (not that it will let you anyway!)After suffering death and reincarnation over and over again.... you will have a religious experience. Your mind will become Zen. You will FEEL where those skulls are behind your back without even seeing them. You will be at one with the force, and then... only then.... you might last an entire **three minutes** before dying!Devil Daggers has the best impression of hell that I've seen in a video game. Visually, sonically, and stylistically, it is downright evil... and to top it off the gamplay is addictive while being utterly merciless. Most soul crushing of all is being able to witness replays of the uber-humans who have survived past 500 seconds on the leaderboard.Why am I dying to live, if I'm only living to die?"
,Recommended,422970,29734844,Posted: 5 February,all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,GHGHGGHGHGHGHGHGHHH!!!DAKKA DAKKA DAKKA!!!HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA!!!... This game is alright...
,Recommended,422970,21742270,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Vex,"A great example of how much fun a game can be if you focus on just the essentials. Perfect controls, well-refined difficulty and mechanics, excellent retro visuals, and brilliantly gruesome sound design. You can't go wrong for the price."
76561198085156008,Recommended,422970,25634562,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,slick daddy™,If you want to live forever. Just tell god that you'll join him after you get the achievement.
,Recommended,422970,30229791,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
,Recommended,422970,23513882,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,bbf3,i broke my mouse10/10
,Recommended,422970,23616118,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ghost,so goodhail satan
76561197961873424,Recommended,422970,23451014,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Dr0N3,Not a game for casuals.Definetly worth 5€
,Recommended,422970,23509637,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,KayWyEss,epic
,Recommended,422970,31909749,Posted: 22 May,all,Imp Daddy,its lit
,Recommended,422970,24938662,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Chungus,Pretty good. Plays like Quake
76561198025567406,Recommended,422970,21565754,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Status_qHog_76,"Spooky Scary Skeletons Send Shiver Down My SpineNo, seriously, I'm scared of this Game"
76561198162689843,Recommended,422970,22246240,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,"Hi, I'm Josh",Hardest game I have ever played... I love it.
,Recommended,422970,25598175,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sabreman,This game just feels *nice* to play. Everything has a uniqie sound and effect so you know exactly whats happening around you without even needing to look. It's really athtecily pleasing to the eye and quite addicting.At 5$ this is a steal and 100% worth it if you enjoy endless arena shooters.
,Recommended,422970,25582482,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Reubot,Great Time Killer!
76561198072212052,Recommended,422970,25601536,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,"Ow, My Sperm!","So simple, so brutal, all to gain 1 millisecond... SO WORTH IT!!!"
,Recommended,422970,25550526,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Morpheus Drinking a Forteus,"I warn all to keep a clock in sight at all time, when in the realm of Devil Daggers you will loose a grip on time and if not careful you'll find that your quick 10 minutes of playing was actually two hours.It has awesomely unforgiving, addictive, fast paced arcade-like action with a surprisingly unnerving and intense atmosphere. It has terrific sound design, and gameplay that takes ques from arena shooters such as Quake. I highly recommend it—especially if you can get a friend to buy it too, for a bit of friendly competition."
,Recommended,422970,25574941,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,乃roccoli⁴₂⁰乃ill,good game if your bored7/10
,Recommended,422970,21345368,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,hellstorm102,Its like Quake had a nightmare.
76561198256083700,Recommended,422970,32218850,Posted: 6 June,all,freegaems123,Hardcore!
,Recommended,422970,23005788,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,h1ght,great!
76561198021660235,Recommended,422970,24239307,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DarknessNine,Awesome game where you shoot severed fingers are demonic flying skulls.Would pew pew pew again!
76561198097675823,Recommended,422970,24301304,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Izumi Sena,"hell YEAH ! this is the game that is a game, its a game that defines everything hell, perma death, fps, upgrades and arcades have to ofer, its a good mixture and when combined with a great solid gameplay, you have a excelent arcade first person shooter with outstanding design, I love this game its so cool, I'm so glad I bought it, its facinating, impressive, no words can describe how much fun it is, its all about surviving 500 seconds, I did 250 and I'm already 50 hours, its hard+addicting as f#$k+amazing sound effects+pickup and play10/10"
76561198001879486,Recommended,422970,21418792,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,dubstep fidget spinner vape dab,Satan Swords is a pretty good game. Highly recommended if you like shooting things with glowy fingers and collecting shiny rubies that allow you to point more fingers and shoot more things.
,Recommended,422970,24138710,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cap'n Caco,"Oh, THIS is what hell is.Devil Daggers is a game that may or may not both hurt your eyes, your hand, and your soul at the same time, but I've played it for one hour and I already feel like I have a drive to put more and more time in. I need to see my name in gold at the top of that list, I need to beat my times. I need to teach those flying hellskulls a lesson. (Flying Hellskulls is the name of my new synth grunge metal band, keep an eye out!) All in all, this game is terrifying due to some fantastic sound design, extremely fun, and intensely frustrating, and I can't recommend it enough. Yes, even after only one hour. I've lived 86 seconds, tops!"
,Recommended,422970,24140648,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Murphy,This game is difficult but fair. That's really the best way to describe the gameplay. The enemies just keep coming until you inevitably die. The main goal seems to be getting the Devil Daggers achievement. The only requirement is to last 500 seconds. The game dares you to try.
,Recommended,422970,24175841,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SquidIII,"Before you read...This is an extremely pure arena shooter, meaning that there is literally nothing outside of the shooting in an arena. So if you need a story, weapon variety, character progression, etc you won't find it here.ProsVery pure, there is no fluff in this gameGood enemy varietyVery challengingProgressing through the leaderboard is very rewardingPaced wellHas some pretty dope momentsVery high octaneConsNothing!"
76561197990079116,Recommended,422970,24176487,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Newblood,"I swear you, that my ""time"" on record in this game.....IT'S NOTHING !!! >_<"
,Recommended,422970,24278042,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,RadioFax,"""I MUST KILL THE DEMONS""It's a relatively simple but challenging game, you are in an inescapable arena and must face down infinitely spawning waves of demonic adversaries.You'll pick up how to play in seconds, but it'll take hours to master.The developer seems to have a nack for flowy and addictive gameplay, plus a solid sense of aesthetic; Devil Daggers has a very effective and novel look, which for me was worth the price of admission on it's own. The recurring motif is bones, skulls especially, all filtered through a simplistic 90s ""software-rendering"" style that synergises well with the insensely dark presentation of the environment.The game's use of sound is also imaginative and helps to make for an overall nightmarish experience.Happily recommended, especially considering the price. I'd be very interested to see what this developer could do with a more traditional linear game."
,Recommended,422970,24563251,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DaMo,Great gameplay matched with a unique art style and soundtrack. Features both global and friends leaderboards with downloadable replays. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,422970,23999511,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Gicu,SimpleBeautifulHardFastChallengingAnnoyingDarkGothicAnd...impossible to hit F12... ! :-DF*ck*ng AWESOME.
,Recommended,422970,24052331,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ERich935,"Never in my life have I hever played a game that I had fun with, was engaged with, and was completely disturbed with all at once. I've played horror games before, and while they have levels of disturbing, they don't really get to me. This though, with the sounds of the enemies that are made every second, it always messes with my insides, and to kill of those who give me that feeling... is a great feeling.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,422970,24139370,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Azarashi,"You buy the game, you die over and over again, each time only getting a little bit further than the last.And it'll be the best thing you've done in a long time."
76561198136761807,Recommended,422970,24139902,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TomGreystone,Darkness envelopes me.
,Recommended,422970,24152427,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,7FluffyKittens,So difficult but so much fun; some of the best sounds in a game I've ever heard.
76561198210492327,Recommended,422970,24152575,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kupo41,Off da chain yo
,Recommended,422970,24169280,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,xvigilantex,Even more fun than I had thought.  Very glad i purchased this game.  Competing against my best time and against the leaderboards makes it surprisingly addictive.
76561198059603025,Recommended,422970,24190613,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Noob-Noob,Awesome
,Recommended,422970,24209138,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Necro,"The game is incedibly simple and very difficult. The movement and shooting harkens backs to the early 90's era where you have to move faster and aim well. The sound work is amazing and disturbing. The graphical quality reminds me of Quake coming to the early 90's comment above.Overall, a fun game worth a few dollars. It's easy to jump into and play a quick couple of games with no commitment."
76561197971299731,Recommended,422970,24398283,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,borgnine,PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW!PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW PEW!!It's pretty good for run n gun.PEW PEW PEW!
,Recommended,422970,23913264,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Snickerbones,I have to play this whenever I feel hyper/ want to relieve stress. It's way too good for such a small game
76561198310275574,Recommended,422970,24281036,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nihil,"This game feels like a last boss battle of something like Doom with you having only so much health, that you'll die from the next hit. Really difficult, yet very rewarding when you get better time. Definately recommend it."
76561198085268872,Recommended,422970,24304700,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,inwatermelonsugar,Badass game!10/10
76561198112846393,Recommended,422970,24309326,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Mage Bro,Best 5 dollars i had ever spent.
,Recommended,422970,24549164,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MEATWAD,Satan doesnt ♥♥♥♥ around this time. 10/10 from a devout christain
,Recommended,422970,24568012,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Zaid,This is the most fun I've had playing an FPS since Quake 1.
76561198013924266,Recommended,422970,24603800,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Killdozer,Doom/Quake boiled down to its essence.Devil Daggers is the purest shooter ever.
76561198119838364,Recommended,422970,24719309,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,harkken,i use this game as tracer practice for overwatch
76561198109201911,Recommended,422970,24728068,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ChronicMirth,Didn't wait for sale. Best decision of my life.
76561198137257757,Recommended,422970,24730188,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Torr,"Imagine Doom and Quake had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child conceived in a drunken hate ♥♥♥♥ on a bed of nails, this abomination grew into a brutal high octane FPS and gave a name unto itself:    DEVIL DAGGERS.Very FastFluid ControlsUnforgivingDemonic ImageryThe dual functionality of the main weapon as both a shotgun and full auto is genius, one click for a shotgun blast, click and hold for auto.Worth it."
76561197983039397,Recommended,422970,24760618,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sassy,"One of the most immersive gaming experiences in years. Incredible sound, delightfully nasty enemies and a simple target make this an incredibly addictive game. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,23913550,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,AVeryFondOreo,Honestly did not think I'd enjoy it when watching it.
,Recommended,422970,23951873,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,waffleconsumer,spooky scary skeletons send shivers down my spine
,Recommended,422970,24120691,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,GrHalbgott,"After 2 hours of persistent playing my hand and my brain hurt. FFS this is so awesome, i can't stop playing!"
76561198164829114,Recommended,422970,24132139,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kruzius,A game just made to have a big challenge.Try to beat your friends or the community.Graphic is'nt the best but for people which need a challenge it should be a must have!
76561198051351289,Recommended,422970,24146680,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,thelegend27 [squid],YA UM I'M NOT GOOD AT IT BUT THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING Kseriously though it takes some prectice. like the best guy ever has lasted under ten minutes.IT'S CHEAPIT'S FUNthe sounds are amazing
76561198161349607,Recommended,422970,24147440,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DEUS VULT,"I haven't played much of this as you can see but... damn this game is good! someone said that the game would crash once started up, they have fixed it most likely. the game runs well and is hella fun.  9/10 the leaderboard should only go to 666 spaces"
,Recommended,422970,24155832,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,skate fast eat ass,This is one HELL of a game ;)))
76561198182280461,Recommended,422970,24167222,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,indivisualwynn,"I thought this game was ganna be a Doom Rip-off. Turns Out its completely different !the game is overall very good, its fun ,and I figured out most of its little tricks later on wich made it even morefun as i was playing i give this game 9.8/10 i Highly recommend it"
,Recommended,422970,24168799,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,qif_qgame,"This game is a great example of a gameplay flow perfection. Developers did an amazing job on polishing and tuning every little detail in the game. Movement and shooting feel very fluid, controls are precise and the character acts exactly how you expect it to. It's quite a treat in the age when the art of fluid character movement seems to be lost.The 90s style render seems to make game even lighter: it runs smoothly without any FPS drops.Gameplay-wise its very hardcore yet rewarding: the feeling of a dozen skulls smashed to dust with a shotgun blast and couple of seconds added to your record keeps you pressing ""Retry"" again and again.I'd say that this game worth it's full price on the double. Just be careful not to get it when you have some work deadlines or, say, exams :DAnd yeah, those skull sounds..."
,Recommended,422970,24169882,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DragonFax,"Great game. Very fast past, and quick restart means you've never out of the action. Also it works great on Macs now. You'll want to bring a wired mouse along for this one. Every millisecond of reaction time counts."
76561198094918101,Recommended,422970,24176504,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Clean Bean,"Amazing. The intensity and addictiveness of the game is off the charts, seriously cant stop playing it and constantly trying to beat my mates top scores :)"
76561198204210140,Recommended,422970,24185612,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr.Hornet,For a person that loves FPS shooters this just takes it to the next level. This game is awesome from its simple controls to its very difficult gameplay. personaly i think this is one of the best FPS shooters to ever exist. Overall i think that this game is an amazing game that anyone could get into and love even if you dont like FPS shooters.
,Recommended,422970,24197907,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ciknay,got killed many times 9/10
,Recommended,422970,24237025,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,2127,"Good luck. You'll need it. The DOOM aesthetics really give this game a special feel, the amount of time I spent trying to get past my record is just ridicilous, this game is addictive and really hard and I love it!"
,Recommended,422970,24246523,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zachaotic,"Absolutely awesome. The atmosphere and simplicity of the game are excellent and make it easy to start playing and become immersed in no time. The game uses a less-is-more approach where there are no distractions, just action. The surround sound is utilized fantastically to alert you to enemies coming from all angles. The game is perpetually intense and the only real break from the action is dying and waiting a few seconds before jumping back in. It just got updated with new enemies and endgame content so I'm hopeful for the future of the game which is not something needed for a game this cheap but it's definitely a plus."
,Recommended,422970,24269969,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,itsubitsu,you know a game is good if the only negative reviews are difficulty complaints and tech supportthis one is also real good my dude you can take my word for itthe game has no windowed mode though and that's bad.
76561197978079564,Recommended,422970,24305863,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,batcountry81,"Takes a lot of practice, but great game!"
,Recommended,422970,24307266,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,KyleDotExe,"This game is awesome. It is simple to understand, but still requires strategy along with skill. I can't say that I have even one complaint about it. Guys, just buy the game, you won't regret it."
76561198057313838,Recommended,422970,24370099,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ShadowHawky,so good you will want to die
,Recommended,422970,24396334,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sabata,This is incredible.
,Recommended,422970,24414498,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Renguko,"This game is hardcore, but in a good way. You can go for 5 minute sessions, or you could play for an hour. It's fulfilling to beat your highscore even by a second. (My first run was 40~ and it felt like I transcended to a higher form when I got 60) 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,422970,24458397,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,agonal breathing,Quake 1 movement first person bullet hell game.
,Recommended,422970,24616810,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,MrJelly,"Phenominal. Shooter simplicity and magnificence rolled into one $5 package. I'm not very good at it, but I'll be damned if I'm not going to beat my high score until I'm satisfied. Simple controls, simple concept, and some of the most tense shooting action I've felt in a long time. If you like shooters in general, specifically the older ones like Doom or Wolfenstein, you owe it to yourself to get this game."
76561198044655749,Recommended,422970,24666254,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,bolegdeh,"Quite possibly the most heart-pounding experience I have ever had with a game. I can't express with words how much I love Devil Daggers, its just perfect."
76561197990711412,Recommended,422970,24695755,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,-=WolverinE=-,"You will not live to see the end game (because there's none), but you can do your best to stay alive as long as possible and witness Hell. I can't think of a better FPS game in the last two years that it's simple, yet complex. Fun, yet frustrating. Robbing you of your sanity, but rewarding you when you finally beat your high score.Pros:* Very fast twitch shooter with some old school mechanics* WASD + mouse controls of pure bliss. The mouse feels exactly right with no hint of acceleration or smoothing. In one word - precise.* Sound effects and (short) soundtrack that many horror titles can learn from.* Enemies don't spawn in the same location, but there are patterns you can follow.* Extremely satisfying when you get in the ""zone"".Neutral:* Hitbox is a little weird. Sometimes I'm in a situation where I think I should've died, but the enemy somehow didn't touch me. Other times I think I should've been fine, but instead die.* The skulls follow a certain pattern, which they change in the worst possible moment. This is very frustrating.* >tfw can't get to 500 seconds ;_;Cons:None.Of all the games I have, this has the best price / value ratio. Get this game even if you don't play such games normally. It's that addictive!"
76561198057809025,Recommended,422970,24153699,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fabmarr,"This game is so far the most cryptic, frustrating, unforgiving and satisfying game of 2016.INFERNO SIMULATOR, a game for everyone and no one: 10/10"
76561198087629549,Recommended,422970,24212162,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rosebud The Sled,"I just managed to get devil daggers running. Brutal, but awesome game."
,Recommended,422970,24218717,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kato,"While there is only one arena and only one weapon, its surprisingly somewhat addictive"
,Recommended,422970,24421352,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Zero Cool,"Fun game,"
,Recommended,422970,24531591,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MastaFoo,"This game is incredibly well made. It is also incredibly, insanely, torturously hard. Surviving a whole sixty seconds is a real challenge, but the controls are perfect. If you fail; its your fault. give it a go; there are far worse games out there for five bucks"
,Recommended,422970,24603107,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mail Order Bride,"I'll play it for 1 - 2minutes, get angry close it, repeat it in a weeks time. 9/10 game."
76561198090427424,Recommended,422970,24146580,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lockagorr,You play as an arm on a floating circle in a dark room. You kill skelebones and try to stay alive for as long as you can. Don't let the skelebones bone you or you die.
,Recommended,422970,24583800,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,eBrook,METAL AS ♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561198013658336,Recommended,422970,24659276,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hfar,"This game is brutal and WILL kick your butt.  You will have to keep moving and keep shooting, because enemies will constantly spawn regardless of how many you've already killed.  While you die in one hit.However, if you're the type of person who enjoys a challenging a game then you will find Devil Daggers an excellent addition to your game library."
,Recommended,422970,24710975,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Admiral ASIA,"Basically a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of demons 10/10 would recommend, pretty creepy to be honest, espically scary after 2-3 minutes"
76561198056579089,Recommended,422970,23975197,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Cuddlefisch,"A good bit of entertainment, fairly addictive, but not much depth. Considering the price however, I would say this is a really solid games."
76561197989789822,Recommended,422970,24145950,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Clockwork Onion,"Buy this for a quick perfect game! Only 1 Achievement!Can't be that hard, right?:'("
,Recommended,422970,24220335,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Doobert,wtf how can a game be this good
76561198144420439,Recommended,422970,24406269,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Artrysa,"It looks great, it feels great playing it and at the end of the day you'll be left crying in a corner."
76561198076565136,Recommended,422970,24589877,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gutmust,I think this game has some awesome design and I recommend it just for that.
,Recommended,422970,28931874,Posted: 1 January,all,video games,I love literally every single thing about this game. It's flawless.
,Recommended,422970,21438498,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Lobster,"This game features my three favorite things in the world: human skulls, daggers, and devils.I recommend it."
,Recommended,422970,21436779,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SmellyTooth,It's the Dark Souls of video games.
,Recommended,422970,21437775,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,xMuttix,Honestly if you're not listening to this while playing you wont last more than 30 seconds.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBHvJrVma8Y
,Recommended,422970,21438191,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Siriusmo Wrong Password,♥♥♥♥ dat
,Recommended,422970,21437712,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Newbrict,GOD DAMN SON
,Recommended,422970,30603460,Posted: 18 March,all,Casejar.com Quit comp for month,Aim training simulator.
,Recommended,422970,30363566,Posted: 6 March,all,Teresa,Actual hell
76561198175713538,Recommended,422970,30399551,Posted: 8 March,all,( ‾ʖ̫‾),Even the devil wouldn't make a game like this 10/10 would rage again
,Recommended,422970,22467420,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Toady,"Really fun. Really challenging. It is a bit polarizing at first, but you'll end up loving it."
,Recommended,422970,28858396,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[SWS!] the infant killer,"terrifying eldritch demonspawn attacking you from every direction, amazing sound effects, a screaming hand that makes you blind, what more could you ask for?"
76561198169928471,Recommended,422970,21912077,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Piercem501,"Got taken to town (if you know what I mean) by little spider babies and said ""OH! Those are a new color, cool""  10/10 would get taken to town again."
,Recommended,422970,21895744,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Rim,Dangd00d!
,Recommended,422970,21846453,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Steelknight21,"Very competativly addictive, would love to see more features implimented if possible. 8.75/10"
,Recommended,422970,21453835,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,noarc,"I've had this game for less than 24 hours, and already have 9 hours gametime. It's too addictive. Please send help."
76561198110618496,Recommended,422970,21433915,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Kidd Fridge,"5 bucks, and has more value than Street Fighter 5."
76561198219221464,Recommended,422970,25889177,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Rice,An extremely addicting game to play and a lot of fun
,Recommended,422970,21782241,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,wicked wil,10/10 IGN WOULD FALL OF THE EDGE AT 59 SECONDS AGAIN.
76561198146434472,Recommended,422970,21304273,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Icyndragon,Dark Souls has met its match
76561198269470587,Recommended,422970,21992263,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BB|Trallgreak,good game...Harder then dark souls I like it >:D
,Recommended,422970,29794823,Posted: 8 February,all,markp,good game
,Recommended,422970,34703603,Posted: 2 September,all,Decoy Platypus,One of the best games ever made
76561198074472012,Recommended,422970,30288774,Posted: 2 March,all,I smashed,I want to smash my keyboard
,Recommended,422970,30289098,Posted: 2 March,all,voxel,"Honestly the best FPS ever made. Pure and unforgiving, difficult but masterable. Amazing sense of progress. You will really feel you've earned it the first time you survive 100 seconds"
76561198114185503,Recommended,422970,30277968,Posted: 2 March,all,♛5xine_,pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ addicting game~ desu 9/10 would buy the dlc if theres any
,Recommended,422970,21845730,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,A Rather Festive Saggybuttcheeks,LOL HITLER
,Recommended,422970,21915329,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,The Chosen Meme,Plz no
,Recommended,422970,32819389,Posted: 26 June,all,Pok,"Very fun game to play, super simple and awesome concept. Difficult to get very far though."
76561197979261882,Recommended,422970,34957218,Posted: 14 September,all,Snuttfisen,"- ""HEY! Who´s up for pizza!?""- ""Ok, I´ll make the order.""- ""Hi! Devli´s pizza? Yeah, hi! I´d like to order a kebab, two cheese pizzas and one extra spicy mexicano.Right! 10 to 15 minutes? Cool, thanks!""Now, what do you do when you wait for the pizza to be delivered?You play Devil Daggers of course!Get your silly friends around the computer and let them TRY to beat your score!* Knock knock!- ""15 minutes already? Jeez, time sure moves fast!"""
,Recommended,422970,25046415,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[FUNMEN] Ulysses Porkins,Perfecto
76561198190802071,Recommended,422970,25058231,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,touch thine peepee,"The first time I played this game and I saw the Spider, lets just say i had my money well spent.I need a new pair of pants."
,Recommended,422970,25077288,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,R0yAle,A great game that will beat your♥♥♥♥♥ but you will keep coming back.
,Recommended,422970,21614527,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,the salt lord,this is the perfict game to hone your fps skills its a rough one but thats goodif the game dose not work revert it to the 2015 version
,Recommended,422970,22030627,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SpookyShibe,♥♥♥♥ my life
,Recommended,422970,21375050,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JerechoNC,"""horror survival"" takes on a whole new meaning in Devil Daggers.is it worth 5 bucks? probably. While the game is more complex than it appears at a glance, the amount of content here is obviously slim.while you might think objective is  just a ""shoot everything, dont get hit"", there are a few cool things that you need to learn to make this possible, like what to kill, what not to kill, how to kill certain targets efficiently and how to avoid getting hit. Its hard, and the replays available from your friends or global high scores will make it look easy.This game is hell. Its really damn good, but the only issue i have with it is that there isnt enough stuff! the setting is really intriguing and i want to know more about it. I want different levels or something. MOAR.its a really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game though, this dev deserves the money. this is obviously a passion project of some sort and it really shows."
76561198012801404,Recommended,422970,21353501,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Von E Gut,Perfect representation of Scalia's current trials in purgatory.
76561197970483712,Recommended,422970,22109391,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,vane303,pretty cool game. just load up and enjoy endless kills in adoom-like-psycho arena :)
,Recommended,422970,21351930,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,ÐaЯkne$Z,"Easy to Learn Hard 2 Master!Simple, Cheap, Awsome."
76561197998481368,Recommended,422970,21503721,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,iBlue,At 4.99€ undiscounted this game is a steal and completely worth it.If you like difficult shooters this one is for you. You've been warned. It's difficult.
,Recommended,422970,29176457,Posted: 10 January,all,ven,-Devils-Daggers-An achievement you will probably not get
,Recommended,422970,35229084,Posted: 26 September,all,Party Cup,"Fun as... Hell... ;). Challenging, Fastpaced, Repetitive but the satisfaction of progressing in the leaderboard is insanely rewarding. Game has a very nice style. 8/10"
76561198020144608,Recommended,422970,33424939,Posted: 10 July,all,Clark Kent,ggprepare to die
,Recommended,422970,22764344,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BenderB0t,Broke the top 500. Got reamed every time after that.
,Recommended,422970,22764366,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,nieltown,what fun and trembling there are to be had with devil daggers
,Recommended,422970,22711951,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,A Piece Of Shit,"This is hard as hell, but incredibly fun."
76561198046212669,Recommended,422970,32975565,Posted: 28 June,all,goodfriend,makes me ♥♥♥♥ing panic
76561198388472625,Recommended,422970,33072109,Posted: 1 July,all,wreckroom4,"If you grew up playing first person shooters on a PS1, you NEED to get this game!  Can't recommend this enough!"
76561198090113743,Recommended,422970,33101858,Posted: 1 July,all,Skollx07,"Ranked 48,000 and rising... come at me bro"
76561198042012188,Recommended,422970,35272141,Posted: 28 September,all,Milkman,"Simple, challenging, scary as hell. Makes DOOM look like a happy little child's game."
,Recommended,422970,31093006,Posted: 12 April,all,MechaNine,This game was the one that finally broke my aging Logitech G500.It was totally worth it.
,Recommended,422970,31125831,Posted: 13 April,all,ｌｏｓｔ  ｃａｕｓｅ,completely worth every penny
,Recommended,422970,27673557,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Slendy The Test Dummy,"Honestly this game was a breath of fresh air after playing alot of other bullet hells, this game is worth every penny and is just as challenging as chaotic, would recommend this to anyone looking for a challenge.10/10 Bone zone - the game"
76561198054086741,Recommended,422970,33600271,Posted: 16 July,all,『Notorious RNG』,This game's pretty cool when you live past the 30 second mark
,Recommended,422970,33622399,Posted: 17 July,all,Sean,yea
76561198376518448,Recommended,422970,33649856,Posted: 19 July,all,aceblade,"Atmospheric, horrific, strategic and enjoyable, devil daggers offers a unique experience worth more than it's price"
76561198098062524,Recommended,422970,35051778,Posted: 18 September,all,Kempo,"DOOM decided to have a son, and this is the result."
,Recommended,422970,33655237,Posted: 19 July,all,g g g gay,"great game, easy to learn, hard to master"
76561198011433064,Recommended,422970,35083673,Posted: 20 September,all,WHOLEMEAL MAN,Balls to the wall fun. :D
,Recommended,422970,28270667,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,NotCarlSmith,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,422970,28270094,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SleazyArt,Stop! Don't pick up that dagger! Just enjoy eternity in the darkness of Hell.
76561198066378992,Recommended,422970,21878375,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,kingdrummer666,This is the type of game you buy for that one friend that thinks they're better than everyone at games
,Recommended,422970,31614883,Posted: 7 May,all,Homer,notoriously fun
,Recommended,422970,33215156,Posted: 3 July,all,ravrav2,"Get a crack at the ultimate horrors you've never thought would find you.Devil Daggers offers an intense, but yet simple, and (a beautifully) disgusting experience. Blast away at embodying masses, it's an ultimate meat hall when you mow these demons down. BUT BE FORWARNED, it is a rough path that lays ahead..My recomendation: Launch Devil Daggers and blast Electric Wizard's ""DopeThrone"" album.Get ready for a plumit into the grips."
76561197999124196,Recommended,422970,33032617,Posted: 30 June,all,Derpchief,This game is frustrating enough to make a Buddhist monk hang himself.10/10 ign
76561198036420896,Recommended,422970,33144166,Posted: 2 July,all,Dirtyfox,"Daggers and Devil spawn, need I say more?"
76561198155116995,Recommended,422970,21367442,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ScrewOnHead,"I picked this game up, played for 10 seconds, died. I then proceded to play for three hours straight, without moving from my seat. I easily topped one thousand runs during that time. Just buy this, please and get a friend to buy it as well. You won't regret it. I've seen a lot of reviews saying the game has no secrets. That is not entirely true. I won't spoil anything, but I will reccomend you carefully examine everything, the ui, the mechanics, everything, and experiment experiment experiment. It's all wonderful, well put together, slightly terrifying, and wholly addictive."
,Recommended,422970,25388240,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,kill till i drop,"fun and intense, if you're into games like quake you should pick this up"
,Recommended,422970,25377731,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,上原霞姨,great gameplay !
,Recommended,422970,25387573,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ArchLemon,Kill me
,Recommended,422970,30240095,Posted: 28 February,all,GIVE US THE OLD DE_NUKE BACK!,possible.
76561198024940064,Recommended,422970,21349381,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,VonJolly,"Every time I'm afraid to click retry, but I do anyway."
,Recommended,422970,21631438,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,the great cat god,"Thank you Devil Daggers, you have dragged me away from Gmod and Besiege. I miss those games."
,Recommended,422970,21343285,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Zefiro,"A satanic, first person version of Geometry wars, and just as addicting."
,Recommended,422970,21386638,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,I'm just passing through,1337
,Recommended,422970,25628730,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Spooky Meawk tc,Best waifu simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,422970,26423962,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wabbit,"A terrific art style and great sound don't make up for a game that just isn't very much fun to play.Movement feels good, but the projectiles you fire always feel slow and underpowered. I expected a game that felt something like playing a Doom slaughter map, with lots good area control and situational awareness. However because the enemies just rush straight at you and can spawn behind you, the game just becomes all about backpedalling and memorizing how and where the enemies are going to spawn. A typical game will only last a couple of minutes and only a few more than that if you are really good.This might appeal to some but I wonder just how much the positive reviews this game has received can be placed on just how good the presentation is. It really is a great looking game and is definitly well made, it's just a shame it wasn't the type of shooter I was looking for or could enjoy."
,Not Recommended,422970,24173438,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ultra Skeleton,"Do you see that down-dangly thumb? Do you SEE it?!Well, don't just assume the game is bad because I do not recommend it.In many ways, in what it sets out to do - this is a perfect game.Even if it does involve a lot of skeleton violence.Pros/cons can be found rapidly by searching for tildes. ~ Not that you should foolishly skip my words of wisdom..!Seriously, you shouldn't, especially if you can't get the game running and are looking for another possible solution. Search for the *asterisks* to see how I was able to get it working.After all, though I can't recommend it, not even I'd be so awful as to want you to be unable to play a video game!... Let's get right to the meat of it. Arena shooters aren't for everyone. I don't want to refund this because the gameplay, the atmosphere, the score, the sounds, the art are all deeply tied to my memories and beliefs of what a game should be.And I desperately want to see an actual game, with levels and maps and more then 1.5 weapons in it, but this game that ain't.And here's the cardinal sin, the one that makes my bones rattle in utter discontent.I don't think it's hard. No, I'd argue this is essentially a tech demo; the game ratchets up the foes the longer you survive, but the waves are largely predictable, meaning that as long as you pay attention, you should be able to learn the skills the game requires very quickly.My time as I posted this review is six minutes of gameplay time, and I already feel it's outstayed its welcome.Quite a few people would disagree, which is fine, and here's where it gets important.Do you like arena shooters?Do you you prefer a small box-arena with guaranteed enemies to a series of levels?Are you worried about spending seconds getting back to where you were, so you can see new formations or new enemies or hear new bits of background ambience?Do you care about leaderboards?If you like the thrill of one-upping your best score, seeing your numbers rise above someone elses' on the leaderboards, and aren't bothered by a lack of variety, go for it!But if you don't... There's nothing. You'll learn all the skills necessary to be good a few deaths in, there aren't really any new weapons, and as beautiful as it is in every respect, that's not a reason to get the game.No, I won't refund it; I'd kill to see a proper game with alien skyboxes and gritty kills in this style, hear music that puts the original Quake soundtrack to shame, ramps up the difficulty through level design and item starvation rather then just expecting you to not pay attention. I'd like to see a good, old-fashioned FPS.... And this isn't.~ Pros:- Beautiful, in every sense of the word.- Smooth, when you can get it to run; though there's only one real weapon, it handles with the satisfaction you find in Doom, Heretic, Quake, etc.- Sound design is perfect and almost every new enemy has a sound or light cue to react to.- If you're not good at adapting rapidly, this'll be one hell of a ride.~ Cons:- If you don't care about leaderboards and aren't driven by your own desire to surpass your high score, you'll probably get good enough to see all the game has to offer very quickly.- Difficulty dependent on the surprise of new enemies and lack of familiarity; once you can live past a wave, you'll live past it again unless you stop paying attention.- The arena size seems less dangerous then it should (underutilized?), at least after you get a sense of how big it is.- Who would just kill a skeleton that fires smaller skeletons..?*GETTING THE GAME TO RUN*Some of you may wish to play Devil Daggers, but find yourself backstabbed by technical difficulties.The forums recommend enabling the 2015 leaderboards, but that didn't work for me, and I almost didn't play the game at all. But I've had a few problems with steam versions of games.If you have an integrated and switchable graphics card, try this:- Manually set your graphics card for dd.exe to High Performance. Make sure your settings are at the highest possible setting, too. (Don't do this if you're scared of your computer. To conquer the arena, you must first conquer fear itself.)- Validate the game.- Run, and enjoy."
,Recommended,422970,21342442,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MacCoy,yes.
76561198040183690,Recommended,422970,22918907,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,SpookyDisco,"How to correctly play  ""Devil Daggers""1.Make sure you are comftable2.make sure you have no breakables near by3.Take a deep breath4.Start the DOOM theme song5 die in 10-25 seconds6 Repeat above"
,Recommended,422970,22894941,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","Awesome timekiller. If DOOM consisted of one level of infinitely spawning enemies, it would be this game."
,Recommended,422970,21318384,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Klappstuhl,"""There's so many tentacles. SO MANY TENTACLES!!! OH GOD, WHAT NEXT!?! SPIDERS!? SPIDERS!!!""TL;DR ReviewThe Dark Souls version of a Lovecraftian FPS, but with precise Quake 1 controls. Worth the 5 bucks to get your butt handed to you on a silver platter."
,Recommended,422970,28516631,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Screw awps man. screw em,Are you insane? yes? Are you a masochrist? yes? Do you like skulls that insta' kill you on touch? yes??? Do you like swarms of that very same skull? yes? Do you like 90's fps movement and physics systems? For a fact I do
76561197971261352,Recommended,422970,21318166,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Red_Force,"Basically this is the new hot stuff. Just play it. This game will still be discussed (and played, in one version or another) in a decade."
,Recommended,422970,21373169,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,422970,21310420,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Squire of Ramsalottington,"I feel cold. Everything is going dark. What has happened to me. Why do I know nothing but darkness. But lo what is this, shall I find my salvation in this dagger before me? Woe! Woe is me! In my forlorn stupor I have taken the devil's own daggers and now he sends his creeping, crawling, gnashing, cackling demons after me. My world is a vortex of torment. This void I inhabit swallows my tortured screams, grinds my bones, devours my soul, and spits me out for its sick amusement to begin again. Will I ever escape this hell of mine? It seems unlikely. I am doomed to repeat this sad existence for all eternity."
,Recommended,422970,21333715,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zavaro,Woah.Hell yeah.
76561198043610656,Recommended,422970,24128553,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Bobobear13,"Don't play this game on acid, You'd freak the hell out!"
,Recommended,422970,21307930,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Tokiw,Great game to kill time with.  Just be warned: Satan guards his cutlary well.
,Recommended,422970,21314114,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ru,"I was so hyped for this game and sure enough, ESPECIALLY for just five bucks, this game is a satisfyingly dark and addicting FPS romp through your most devilish and demonic nightmares. The enemies are delightfully horrifying, the combat and movement are unbelievably smooth, and the scoring and ranking mechanic is simple but gratifying, especially if you can get your friends into this game.I can see how it would get repetitive for some, but this is the kind of game where you need to perfect your technique and strategy to a T if you want to keep improving your score. I was afraid the ""low-res"" textures and art style would become tiring or strain my vision, but after playing this game almost two hours straight I haven't had to worry about it.Simply put, if you watched the trailer and aren't totally appalled by the game's art style, and you like fast, fluid, buttery-smooth FPS action, you need Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,21323236,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Fossilfern,"THIS is my kind of indie game! None of this pretentiousness, none of this political agenda/messege, none of this ""Walking Simulation"" etc. This is what a game should be and thats is Fun! Its very simple yet addictive and the way the movment speed, the bunny hopping feels/works is just like something from the 90s and it feels great.This will probably go unnoticed but it really is an addicitve fun little game."
,Recommended,422970,21314044,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ur momz lovr,"I hate time and/or score attack games, I really do. But Devil daggers is something different.It brings back those absolutely delicious Quake I looks with Herectic/Hexen/Doom feel and mixes it all in a pot with it's nightmarish atmosphere and AMAZING sound design.The gameplay is simple: Run around shooting skulls and other really weird and creepy stuff until they die, collecting gems to get a couple of levels that make your daggers better. Get touched once, you die. Rinse and repeat, each time getting a higher score, or just dying in the first 30 seconds because that skull should not have been there! Or because you just fell off the ledge...Conclusion: It's fast paced, it's satisfying, it's nightmarish, it's good, it's Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,21323335,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hunter S. Tompson,Ever want to have anal sex with satan and enjoy it?
76561198063682406,Recommended,422970,21306088,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mrishimaru,"When you need something quick and satifying, with a terrific old-school, Quake-like feel, pick this one up. Arena survival at it's finest (if that's even a genre)."
76561198049824546,Recommended,422970,21305510,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,qbn,Addictive and Skilled. :)
,Recommended,422970,24117016,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,glowguy,Hahhahahah you thought Dark Souls was hard!
76561198070874289,Recommended,422970,21324849,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,zetathix,"I was play heretic and doom and quake in the old days and with old-school graphics, very nift sound driven and color/brightness atmosphere, all come into play.This game make me feel like a child."
,Recommended,422970,21389096,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,#CuteFaceJay,So I'm waiting for Doom at the moment.Thought I'd give this game a try. Makes me feel like a kid again back than I was playing quake on my dads PC.The audio alone is something to talk about. If you're a fan of arena shooters like geometry wars I'd say give this game a try.
,Recommended,422970,21334494,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Ghost_Train,This is such a brutal fast ...basically what the description says. It's amazing. Dying and lovnig it.
76561198225718704,Recommended,422970,23773235,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rieskaruisku,10/10 had skeletons
,Recommended,422970,24509401,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,killtocure,@#*&@*#&@(#@&)#!*&@(!*@&Y!@&!*(@&!@&
76561198046967039,Recommended,422970,29947315,Posted: 15 February,all,The Beverage,Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is frustrating.I found myself loosing every 90 seconds or something like thatSo i view the replay at the top of the leaderboard and oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT?WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THOSE?WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS?WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE SIZE OF THAT SKULL SWARM?ARE THOSE ♥♥♥♥ING GIANT GREEN SPIDERS?IS THAT HAND HAVING A SEIZURE?IS THAT HAND SHOOTING HOMING KNIFES?WHY THE IS SKY BREAKING?OH.OH ♥♥♥♥.OH ♥♥♥♥ ME.Oh. that ended pretty quickly.WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THOSE?WHY DID MY GAME CLOSE?10/10 would spook me with the ol'closed game thing again
,Recommended,422970,21397605,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SmashTeen,"""id"" play this game again.PS: see what i did there???? ;)"
,Recommended,422970,25603735,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Shad,The value I got out of this for 5 euros is awesome.
76561198115497313,Recommended,422970,23208740,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Funhouse,My first impressions of this game are that it's a really good arcade style game. Addictive gameplay with leaderboards and advanced strategy make this game have a great relpay value. Your going to keep coming back to beat the next player with a better score than you. Devil Daggers also has a cool feature that lets you watch the round of anyone on the leaderboard to see how they played.For a $4.99 arcade game this is worth it. If this was in a arcade it would be the game I spend all my quarters on.
,Recommended,422970,32849759,Posted: 27 June,all,Elmooni,I keep dying helpI need jesus...Why did I buy this game...Great game 10/10 would restart again
,Recommended,422970,21308265,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bug,"Looks and plays great!  Would recommend, especially at this price.As of this review, Vsync is always on by default, with no in-game option to turn it off.  If you like that extra responsiveness you get without vsync, you'll have to force it off in the OS."
,Recommended,422970,21323371,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,AirmanKJE,Heretic meets Robotron.  A great combination if I do say so myself. Nice and minimalist.
,Recommended,422970,21307004,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Seppuku Sushi,"A very fun and addicting arena style FPS with graphics and themes that pay homage to classic FPS titles such as Quake and Hexen. But be prepared to die, a lot."
,Recommended,422970,30037570,Posted: 19 February,all,Gizbramz4952,obviously a sick as ♥♥♥♥ game. I suggest turning the FOV up and the mouse sensitivity down personally.
,Recommended,422970,22211084,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tsar Butterfly,"You don't win, you just do a little better each time."
,Recommended,422970,22581853,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,i just kill,"This game is the freshest FPS game since Serious Sam.Fans of skill-based FPS rejoice. Devil Daggers is 100% on-point.Extremely tight feel, well built, great gameplay.Sick visual style, creepy hell dimension vibe, and the pricetag...PURE VALUE.Grab this gem right away. 11/10"
76561197963135491,Recommended,422970,22764538,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,GrimmGames,Sick adrenaline rush. Extremely difficult. Best 5 bucks I've spent in a long time.
,Recommended,422970,24184626,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bisonfan95,"It delivers just what it promises: non-stop, fast paced shooting and infinite swarms of enemies spawned straight from hell. So what's the catch? What's the point? Just survive long enough to see your name climb up the leaderboard. Worth it? Depends, do you like ""old school"" FPS games, want to prove you are really good on them and see your name above 5000 people? Get it. Even if you don't care about out-scoring other people, the satisfaction out of out-scoring yourself it's enormous.You want a ""modern"" FPS with RPG elements, or-gas-mic graphics, quick saves, checkpoints, automated saves, back ups of the back ups of the saves and can't stand doing a ""level"" all over again? Stay away, far far away from this. To most of the negative reviews: bros, it delivers what it offers. If you bought it knowing what you were getting and knowing you don't like that... why even getting it? LOL some of the reviews are like ordering and paying for a BigMac and expecting to get KFC."
,Recommended,422970,22614673,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪ,dang owned
,Recommended,422970,24186876,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,420% American,"♥♥♥♥ yes.Pls sequel w/ more content, I will pay full price."
,Recommended,422970,21404663,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Snowmanly,"i've never been so happy to suck at a game, goddamn."
,Recommended,422970,21331189,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Shitty Wizard,This game is mad!love it to bits.
,Recommended,422970,21310785,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,micycle057,"A fantastic premise with a killer look, move and kill as fast as you can to climb the leaderboards."
,Recommended,422970,21311146,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Solamandr501,"I love this game, a fast arena survival shooter. This game has a lot of potential and I'd love to see more added to it eventually, like supporting a multiplayer mode. Great game at a reasonable price for content"
76561198089675351,Recommended,422970,21328151,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kindleheim,"Really fun, solid arena type survival shooter game in the style of DOOM or QUAKE, well worth the 5 bucks"
,Recommended,422970,21311114,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NPC #888,Skull Killing Simulator 2016
,Recommended,422970,21319641,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,deep,Yes Yes Yes    and?Definately cant go wrong with devils daggers..     If you grew up marveling at the loading screens of Doom and running around in quake listening to all the horors breath and hunt your loosly assembled gibs down then this is for you....I might have to get a mouth guard for this game because I find my self concentrating so hard I start bitting my tounge. It is a pure throwback to Twitch FPS skill testing...   dusting off the old rocket arena rail gun skillz....You have to get better at this game.. it demands it...    I love that you can watch other players high score runs... helps to figure the game out and learn the ropes faster.....whatever you do .. dont miss those gems....     and &%$ those spider sucking gem stealers..thumbs up.. I want more..      and seriously   $5    ..      XD
,Recommended,422970,21324661,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Guildenstern,"I adore the PS1 styled graphics, they're glorious!"
,Recommended,422970,21332308,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Eroq,"If Quake had a child with Geometry Wars, it would probably look something like Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,21336165,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bokrug,10/10 Forgot how to breathe.
,Recommended,422970,21332444,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,elocanth,"The pure, distilled essence of FPS with a soft nougat center of devil surrounded by crunchy dagger chunks."
,Recommended,422970,21311043,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,oh fucc yes thats the ticket,"In my short time playing, I love this game and hope to improve a lot in it, and I really feel it should be succesful. One single thing I would prefer though is an option to turn on a crosshair."
,Recommended,422970,21309750,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,horsefeathers,"it's brilliant, it's perfect, and I am terrible at it."
76561197960493048,Recommended,422970,21392840,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,OriX,"Deep, immersive storyline. It's clearly been finely crafted for several years.Gameplay is probably amazing. I'll report back once I get past the first 60 seconds or so..."
,Recommended,422970,29368154,Posted: 19 January,all,Rusty Shackleford,BestFPS
,Recommended,422970,21510068,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,tournamentrules,"Played twice, less than 50secs each.Watched 3 replays ~8mins each.Time well spent."
,Recommended,422970,29339201,Posted: 18 January,all,Chingger Changger,it's like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,422970,26871040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr Venture,Amazeballs.
,Recommended,422970,23481095,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,KNIGHT,"Love it, you'll love it!"
76561197982566709,Recommended,422970,23495576,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Odin,best game ever.
,Recommended,422970,30157019,Posted: 24 February,all,Space Cowboy,coolio
76561198217638973,Recommended,422970,29212222,Posted: 12 January,all,NigNog,One of the best shooting/arcade games I have played MUST TRY!
76561198265364374,Recommended,422970,29232334,Posted: 13 January,all,AgrajagTheGreat,"Pros:Great movement systemSimplistic, yet addictive gameplayDemonsEven more demonsSo many demonsYou can throw infinite daggers out of your handYou can throw the daggers out of your hand at the demonsYou can kill the demons by throwing the daggers at themCons:You eyes dry out after long periods of time without blinkingYour hands will continue to shake for a good 30 minutes after playing this gameWhat's not to like about it?What's that i see up there? Overall user reviews: Overwhelmingly Positive?Get this gameRightNow"
,Recommended,422970,23027739,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,bjdripley,10/10 would back into tentacle spire again
,Recommended,422970,30765239,Posted: 26 March,all,Squeeky Clean,shiiiiieeeeeeeeettttttt
,Recommended,422970,24512565,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,idehart,"Wow. Awesome.  Devils, Daggers, and Death.  16 bit hell."
,Recommended,422970,24267649,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kaotic Skunk,Drugs
76561198050804127,Recommended,422970,23877209,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kiddo,satan's flappy bird
76561198139706133,Recommended,422970,24200487,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Yuri fan,"A fun and addicting shooter.The goal is to suvive as long as posible while warding off hordes off demons that can kill you with one hit.The game get's increasingly harder and harder really fast, and really challanging but it's that fair kind. You pretty much have to keep moving, which is challanging enough because those powers ups slingshot over your head and you need them for the larger mobs. And if you do decide to run back, make sure you don't have a congo line following you. I never learn from that mistake.Also the sound design is amazing because not many games do a good enough job with incorperating both Enemies and sound together well. Enemies all have their own distinct sound which helps with all of the chaos along with your hand/eye cordanation.It's a simple game but that all it needs to be, and it pulls it off so well. I definetly recomend old school shooter fans to play this game. I'd even recomend it over the new Doom."
,Recommended,422970,24005029,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hammarskjöld,Super Hexagon Quake Edition or: SuperHELL IS GONE ONLY DEATH REMAINS
,Recommended,422970,24130604,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MarkusO,"Excellent Audio, tight controls, simple&but hard to master gameplay, perfect game for couple of euros!"
76561198061750921,Recommended,422970,24150177,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DeadMan_Playing,"Since most of us will probably end up in Hell, this game feels like mandatory.For training."
,Recommended,422970,24172742,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,♆ PЯΣTIΛCЯЦΣПTO ♆,"There's ""git gud"" and then there's ""I'm a sadomasochist and love enduring random/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t/unavoidable deaths.""666/10 would play again while bathing in goat blood and summoning demons from the Ars Goetia."
,Recommended,422970,24346200,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,therealmogwai,They really need to add microtransactions to this game!  It will help us addicts get off of this drug.Perfect for what it is10/10
,Recommended,422970,24700638,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TN Hoff,Git Gud: The Videogame~ or ~Spite Simulator 20XX
,Recommended,422970,24116674,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,☣ Broken Ninja ☠,"Even though this didn't really satisfy my interests as a game, it certainly satisfied my curiosity as one. I can't knock this games with a negative review for its efforts just because I wasn't interested in it. Its one of those games that should be in a coin op arcade, per its design, not by its mechanics. It's not a long game, its a repetive see how long you can last with one life or the game resets back to the beginning.Think of it this way, its 32bit pixel graphics like Doom 64, maybe a bit fuzzier. You shoot daggers at demon heads, pillars and Cthulu style tentacle demons that spawn more demon heads, in an endless wave style game without checkpoints. They jsut keep coming and spawning more and more. 1 hit you are dead. run too far into the dark area and you fall off the map... your dead.For its $5 ($3.74 on todays daily sale - July 5 2016) I wouldnt pay more than the $5 price tag."
,Recommended,422970,23775290,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,smoothdog,Incredible. Absolutely life-changing.If you don't have this I recommend you get it.
,Recommended,422970,23819194,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,<TW> Barry Trump,"This game is harrowing.edit- while this is one of my top games of all time,faulty leaderboards, unplayabilty and the removal of leaderboards for the 2015 version are major mark against it. I still reccommend the game, but it's super annoying, especially as it worked perfectly before the latest updates.editedit- the leaderboard issue is fixed afaik and the game is working perfectly. Which is good because it is a perfect game. Sadly the 2015 leaderboards are gone forever, but I can understand the dev wanting to keep all players on the same playing field."
,Recommended,422970,24026130,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,smack,yes
,Recommended,422970,24170076,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,applejuice,"""Git gud"": The game."
,Recommended,422970,25617200,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,seaotters,You can admire the underside of a ghost centipede in this game.
,Recommended,422970,24147403,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Im Gaxi,This is a small but super fun game. It is very addicting and just a good game. You will find yourself constantly trying to get a higher and better score. Once you get used to this it is very fun but I still am not amazing but I love to play it.
,Recommended,422970,24585872,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Dodger,"Achievement collectors be warned:This single achievement is no easy feat.This game will increase your average stress level by 400%, but you'll be possessed to play it more. The best $5 game I've bought in  a very long time."
,Recommended,422970,25827167,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sP00k_0f_tHe_f0rESt,PROS-SPOOKY-SCARY-SKELETONSCONS-LOW CALCIUM
76561198129794974,Recommended,422970,30327944,Posted: 4 March,all,bbq sauce,"Well now this certainly is nice to see them work things out for themselves.They haven’t worked anything out themselvesit’s my barbeque sauce.Your barbeque sauce.My barbeque sauce.Haven’t you ever noticed after people have some of my barbeque sauce, after a while when it kicks in they get all huggy-buggy.Stop.I am dead serious. Haven’t you ever noticed, that after one of my barbeque’s and they have the sauce, people want to get right home. Let me tell you something else, I got a cup of it, up on the night table and —I got a cup of it, I said.Left it up there breathing. Why don’t you give the chicken to these people, let’s go up and have some sauce."
,Recommended,422970,29726271,Posted: 5 February,all,dinorice,Knife knifeBetter knifeDie
,Recommended,422970,24146721,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Trebu'San | フベルト | ~~(≧ω≦)~~,WOW! :3
,Recommended,422970,25516863,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Metron,You need to enjoy score attack games to enjoy Devil Daggers but if you do this game have done everything perfectly and at fair price.
76561198253189491,Recommended,422970,29639107,Posted: 1 February,all,dd,So much fun.  Buy this on♥♥♥♥♥for $1.  This game is a true test.  Endless fun.
76561198270952037,Recommended,422970,23115449,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,McButtyFunklenoots,"This game is going to give you post traumatic stress disorder and earn you a pace maker, nuff said.9.5/10 Would have a heart attack again.It now crashes on me alot..."
,Recommended,422970,23190861,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Nicrob,"Amazing game. So bad I can't play more than 20 god damn seconds at a time, because it is so *****'ing unsettling.The atmosphere is amazing, graphics are spot on and the sounds are top notch. THAT IS WHY I can't play more than a damn minute at once, it makes me crap my pants"
,Recommended,422970,24657995,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,jail,DOOM 5?
,Recommended,422970,28884321,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ham Man,I was sp00ked solid by all the flying skeleton heads in this gamedoot/doot
,Recommended,422970,28431611,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SpyroGuy,I don't think that I was EVER this proud of myself for staying alive in a game for 88 seconds straight!Loving every second of it!
,Recommended,422970,30000523,Posted: 17 February,all,Ɛ> Brianiac <3,this game pisses me the ♥♥♥♥ off so god damned much.... i broke 3 keyboards already
,Recommended,422970,21740151,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Let's Get SPICY,"This game is really good. It looks, sounds and plays amazingly. It has a high skill ceiling so it's something you can keep coming back to improve at. The implentation of leaderboards and eaily viewed replays is fantastic as well.There's nothing like the rush of each second passing by your previous high score."
76561198064643809,Recommended,422970,26348191,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Hobo Misanthropus,"The anxiety of impending death was never this much fun.This simple and elegant shooter/bullet hell style game is the perfect distillation of several of the core mechanics that make/made the Movement-based First Person shooter games of yesteryear so popular. Fast, fluid movement, clever enemy design and unrelenting difficulty make this the kind of game you owe it to yourself to play if you've any fond memories of games like Doom, Quake or Hexen.There's not a lot in the way of content, but if one defines the quality of a game on how successful its ideas are executed, and one defines art as a creative endeavor that evokes an targeted emotional response from the consumer, Devil Daggers is a triumph on both fronts."
,Recommended,422970,26830101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gay ass,get it
76561197993541566,Recommended,422970,33439943,Posted: 10 July,all,Farel,10/10
76561198181955339,Recommended,422970,33618905,Posted: 17 July,all,Dunder_Flump,I love this game but I suck at it.  How do I refund???
76561197968328842,Recommended,422970,33498404,Posted: 13 July,all,⛧Cashmiester,Well done.
76561198003226788,Recommended,422970,29990381,Posted: 17 February,all,Nubzoar [TNF],Died lots. A+
76561198053370364,Recommended,422970,24326313,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,haydenkiller,"Played drunk last time i played and smashed my old score, being drunk helped me dodge the skulls somehow.Current best time is 19010/10*403 best timePOWERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR"
,Recommended,422970,24174076,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ุ,its really good
,Recommended,422970,25255995,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"I used to have a record of ~ 70 seconds, it was at the top  ~ 3500I just broke my record and it's now 183 seconds. its at the top ~ 6500.What is lifeBADASSS GAME"
,Recommended,422970,32837469,Posted: 26 June,all,Kaua'i 'ō'ō,"For $2.49 this game is really fun and great value. I highly recommend to purchase this game, it's really addictive and the graphics are really well done."
,Recommended,422970,22265267,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,BatLMage,I knew what this game was. I knew it would be hard. I knew I would hate it. Purchased it anyways.
,Recommended,422970,22734148,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Hyatt Hyena,"Never have i felt the RUSH of CRUSHING my allies records who have so long been tormenting me. The pure arenaline of those last bells to the finish line where you have beat your enemy is already a 10/10. Wait... THIS IS DEVIL DAGGERS.. ITS 5 BUX, QUIT PLAYING TEAM FORTRESS 2 AND SELL ONE DECENT HAT TO GET THIS GAME ALREADY"
,Recommended,422970,33021788,Posted: 29 June,all,the bone zone,get a good frag
,Recommended,422970,28228644,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Turkvangogh,"My Youtube Gaming Channel Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDIs0vg0NQQDevil Daggers was my first purchase on steam & was one of the most difficult games I've ever played. I played on a keyboard/trackpad & that is an awful mistake....be sure to use a mouse, & if you are more console oriented, then use a controller because this game will kill you within seconds. It is very fun & very addicting since you are constantly trying to survive longer than your previos record. The graphics are simple yet beautiful, & it can be very scary when monsters appear behind or on the periphery unexpectedly. I have not played it since it was released, so I do not know how much has been added, but upon release the game seemed to only have one level & game mode, so to me it felt kind of empty once you get passed the originial concept. Perhaps if it has multiple levels, other weapons & multiplayer gameplay, this would be a really cool contender to fun Multiplayer ""Let's PLay"" Games online. I still recommend it if you like brutal challenges & have money lying around waiting to be spent."
76561198040490260,Not Recommended,422970,22103940,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,tango,"+ Has a great engine and aesthetic.  I would love to see more projects with this engine.+ This is one of the few single player FPS that ask the player to track and lead a moving target.  Usually, this kind of mechanic is limited to multiplayer games, such as Tribes or Dirty Bomb.  Shooting moving skulls is satisfying.- The gameplay area takes place on a relatively small platform.  As a result, the game is not allowed to increase the enemy count as much as it could.- The dodging is overly simplistic.  For the most part, you are dodging variations of homing ""projectiles"".   The core dodging gameplay is just not very satisfying.  (For a good example of FPS dodging, check out Ziggurat, which combines many projectiles of different types the way that a SHMUP does, and Doom.)The uninteresting dodging is the primary reason why I am not inspired to try and master Devil Daggers.- The game presents a lot of motionless targets (Pillars, spiders) which are not fun to kill.- The early stage becomes a drag once you have memorized the spawns.   I'm not a fan of the spawns being the same on every run.- Even when bunny hopping, the game feels a bit slow."
,Recommended,422970,21305132,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,RD,"Basically hell visualized. You fight endless waves of demons and when you finally die, it just starts from the beginning again.10/10 would go to hell again"
,Not Recommended,422970,25081730,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,The Happy Soul,"Looks like fun but I can't even get it to start before the .exe dies. I've verified the cache, updated my drivers, checked for it under running proccesses (It wasn't there), tried running it from the .exe under it's game file, tried running the .exe as admin, tried running it in compatability mode. Nothing will work.Looks like I'm not the only one with this issue either.http://steamcommunity.com/app/422970/discussions/0/405692224224351016/https://steamcommunity.com/app/422970/discussions/0/405692224226518709/http://steamcommunity.com/app/422970/discussions/0/405692758712076199/https://steamcommunity.com/app/422970/discussions/0/405692758716554319/https://www.reddit.com/r/DevilDaggers/comments/49onyo/game_wont_start_up/"
76561198093584531,Recommended,422970,24092182,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,-d00d-,So for 5$ it's not worth itHighly doubt it'll be going down in price or sale but...IT is highly addictingIT is very fun to reach another high scoreIT is very creepy / horror likeBut IT is not worth 5$SpawnKillDieRespawnRinse and Repeat.
,Recommended,422970,21390750,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,my grasp on reality is buttery,"O djpy yjr nsf hiud, niy yjr nsf hiud saesud eom."
,Recommended,422970,21316227,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Açylus,"I suck at this game but its really fun.For $5 you're getting a game with:* Distinct and beautiful visual style, audio effects is top notch* Extremely satisfying gameplay that's really really fast* A real challenge- It isn't a very deep game, it's just survive as long as you can- Probably will get repetitive really quickly but the existance of the online leaderboards helps a bitDon't get this game if you can't handle playing too fast or going from 0 to 100 in terms of pressure and panic real quickly. Or if you don't like how minimal this game is, it's pure shooter survival, barebones.Basically it's worth the $5 price tag."
,Recommended,422970,21444236,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,crowbar,"Only buy if you are a good FPS player, and I'm not talking about being top fragger in Call of Duty multiplayer, I'm talking about beating Serious Sam on Serious difficulty. If you are not good, you won't be able to compete at all or even improve, there are other games you should play first. But if you are good, you have a FPS with PHENOMENAL sound design, great enemy design and a cool weapon.The game just costs 5€, because there is just one arena which is a survival mode and it's about getting the best time, that's all the game has to offer and that is a bit dissapointing, especially because HOW good all of this is.A singleplayer campaign like Doom or Quake with this style could compete with the best shooters of all time.If you are unsure wait for a sale, if you played all the important and classic FPS games and can't wait for Doom 4, then buy this for full price."
76561197968960464,Not Recommended,422970,28924987,Posted: 1 January,all,Le Sojourner,"Doesn't run, all system specs are far surpassed but all I have at launch is a red screen and background music. I tried moving around to see if the game had actually launched compeltely and I was experiencing a GFX issue solely but this doesn't seem to be the case. Reached out to the DEV via email last week and have not recieved any word back on a work around. At this time I would venture to say Mac users beware. While our computers can oftentimes handle most games reasonably at medium to high settings this one is currently not working. Will change review once the game is capable of launching."
,Recommended,422970,22784824,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,get your bunnyhopping skills back to work
76561197993474757,Recommended,422970,21320617,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Gorecommandré,"An empty void to conquer themI live. I die. I live again.Flying, swirling demon hordesMy dagger's showing no remorseMouse button held, away they rotMouse button pressed, a perfect shotPlaced in the leaderboard of menI live. I die. I live again."
,Recommended,422970,29368331,Posted: 19 January,all,spinalfluid,DAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGER BLUDBUBAUBBWAAAAAHHH DAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGERDAGGER EEEEEAAAAUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHH.10/10 Devil Daggers 2: Dagger to the grave
,Recommended,422970,23802166,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,"Hazza, Prince of Denmark","This game is ammazing. Buy it. It's so much pure and simple fun, one hit kills you, two fire modes for different playmodes and so much beauty in the purposefully crappy art. Just get the damn game"
,Recommended,422970,21498038,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nachy,"Ever gotten chased by a dog and a swarm of bees? This game is exactly like that except the bees are skulls and the dogs can fly (and are also skulls), and there are also spiders (who have skull bodies) and no matter how hard you try to outrun them and swat them, you'll eventually get caught and be reminded that there are 19,303 people better than you."
,Recommended,422970,23273274,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Simon🚬666,I hate it.
,Recommended,422970,21332220,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SpookyMingos,I'm sorry holy ♥♥♥♥ I'll put it back ;A;
76561198060440837,Recommended,422970,28087976,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,manimal,IT IS LIKE IF MINECRAFT AND SLAYER HAD A BABY
,Recommended,422970,21575155,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,"This game has me hooked. You should definitely buy this at $5, its pure addiction."
76561198144638015,Recommended,422970,30998784,Posted: 7 April,all,Mighty Mega Massive Meat Man,get this game if you want to fuken kill yourself10/10
,Recommended,422970,30768559,Posted: 27 March,all,Super brain,"the movement, the sound, the stress, the a e s t h e t i c s"
,Recommended,422970,21433012,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Thomjake,gg
,Recommended,422970,30043102,Posted: 19 February,all,sOIIOs,quake but harder
76561198096543873,Recommended,422970,33231724,Posted: 4 July,all,saifthearab,okay i have bought this game like a year and i havent played it that much but what can i say is it difficult i only bought because it was cheap and the review was positive so i bought and i didnt liked it because it was scary for me and really weard and disturbing but what i can say the gameplay is solid and simple but the enemy in this game is not so good by that it hard but not mu cup of teatl dr  wait for a couple of mins in the main menu and you get this kickass music from death metalif you are mining bitcoin please help me and this game does not use alot of graphics power good for killing time and minebit coin
,Recommended,422970,34158786,Posted: 10 August,all,The Gay Kid,Best played while stoned out of you're mind
76561197999920953,Not Recommended,422970,24146227,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,-CML-CaptainMittens,"Crashes about 5 seconds after launch. Seems like a wide spread issue.  Many people complaining about it.  On Windows 7,8 and 10."
,Not Recommended,422970,30041319,Posted: 19 February,all,Neometalero,"I felt that the one hit dead,  the lack of stages or game modes , the borderless stage, the enemies that jump from the darkness to kill you in one  hit from behind you (while they had a lot more life than you)  was really cheap from the developers. The art style is great, and the idea of the double shotgun/machine gun hand ray is fine. But I can't really recommend this game for much more than a dollar."
,Not Recommended,422970,33453646,Posted: 11 July,all,Diplomata do Caos,"Firstmost, a alert: this is a really expensive per time game.See that lonely achievment for getting 500 secs alive? Once you get beyond that point there will be no more content and you will be in a endless enemy pattern loop.Devil Daggers is a game for only some people... no I'm not talking about hiscorers and hardcore people. It's more restrict than that.It's a game for the hardcorer's who like to crowd control swarms.The trailer is not capable of showing this well. To really know how it's the dynamic, see a elite player doing a long run. (You need anyway to get good enough at this game...)The game has 13 enemies, but they can be boiled down to only 4 some categories: Stuff you run at max speed to escape from (skulls, spiderlings), stuff you run at full speed to kill a weak spot (spiders, spires),stuff that you find a sweat spot to hit strong (centipedes) and one that floats erratically (skull2). Almost everthing kills on contact, and that's the only action that can kill you (unless you make a dumb mistake of falling). Because of this, the tactics in the game become mostly ""run form the mob to kill the target"", that becomes repetitive really fast (and yeah... we are talking about a game of only 500 seconds... aggravate this with your replays)In terms of mecanics, you have a lot of oldschool oddities here. Like runstraffing, rocket-jumping and bunnyhoping. but I'm not sure if all then were implemented for good here, for example: bunnyhoping seemed more a chore of remembering to press space than a thing that interferes in the tatics.Despite all that DD is really a well made game, they put a lot of effort to simulate magic carpet and quake style of sound and graphics and are really authentic. Unfortunately, they didn't have much stuff to apply it as it's only one room with only one kind of floor, adds to it the lack of music to keep the blood pumping (and to make timing more easy) and the general darkness at long range. I wish I could have a easy mode just to appreciate the artwork. It's incredible, I want a bigger game using this stuff.I'm sure that this is a good game and was built with a lot of love, but as a DooM player I discovered this is not my type of dish and because I was mislead, I give a negative. But maybe it's your gold! You really should test yourself and see if you feel like going for one more try. That's why there is a steam refund system, no?"
,Not Recommended,422970,32258381,Posted: 7 June,all,Olde,"This is one of the most limiting games I've ever played. Chances are you know what Devil Daggers is about. You run around a pitch black arena, you get one weapon, you die in a single hit, there are no pickups, and you fight an endless stream of enemies, which either remain stationary and fire projectiles at you or they follow a single path to you. This tries to pass itself off as a ""pure"" arena shooter, and even blatantly steals its look from Quake, but what this comes down to is endless generic shooting without any real substance. It's a crime that there's no level design as you're just on a floating platform in the middle of a black void. There's zero story or context, and while that's not necessarily a bad thing, here there isn't even a feeling of progression. This game is as purely about gameplay as you can get. This has been a universal point of praise for DD, but it's a major problem here because it doesn't feel like there's any point to it, or any fun to be had.When I say it's pure gameplay, I mean it. There are no environments, no areas to explore, no secrets to find, no explanations or mysteries or really anything to discover or uncover. This is Arena Shooter: The Game, but all this means is you're in a pitch black arena with endless floating bad guys to shoot. In a game like Serious Sam: TFE or TSE, there's a sense of progression, like you're actually doing something that has an effect. You explore environments with actual level design and layouts. There will be environmental hazards, hills, plateaus, items, pickups, obstacles, ramps, and otherwise things to use to help you when you get bombarded by enemies. Yes, you will fight in large ""arenas"" in Serious Sam, but you're never just in a literal circular platform floating in the middle of space.Devil Daggers feels like a mod made by someone who wanted to strip Quake of everything that made it fun just to test his skill by seeing how long he could survive against endless waves of increasingly impossible to avoid enemies and projectiles. It is clearly skill-based but the skill you develop to get better in this game won't apply to any game except this one. It relies on predictable AI and manipulating the game's point system to get into a frenzy mode. The controls are like Quake's, but should it be praised for being derivative? You really have to hate yourself to try and beat some of the records put on by people with no lives who have played this game for a thousand hours. And that's really the problem with this game. There's no reason to play except to get on the leaderboards. Even if you make first place, I fail to see what the accomplishment is there. A game with no multiplayer better have spectacular AI, since human enemies always have the potential to be smarter than AI ones; this game's AI feels like it would be beaten by the original Quake's AI.There's no interesting art or sound design. There's no music. There's no interesting weapon design or variety. There's no information. The enemies look like they belong in a Quake mod. The only strategy is to manipulate this game's undisclosed point system to earn you certain...things (?) at certain points to progress against enemies with more health. I can appreciate the attempt to make a gameplay-focused game, but Devil Daggers makes me want to gouge my eyes out with devil daggers. You're better off watching a video of the high-score record of this game and then never looking at it again.My biggest problem with Devil Daggers is that it was actually ranked as like number 6 in the top FPS's of all time and the best game of 2016 by Rock, Paper, Shotgun (a source that's supposed well-informed and well-versed in video games). It's just not. Even they say you can't play this game for longer than 15 minutes at a time, and there's a reason for that. This game is ugly andludicrouslyredundant. I get that stripping an entire game down to the fundamental principle of arena-shooting was the goal, but it has several arbitrary decisions and leaves me with questions that I have to seek the forums for answers to. For instance, why does your weapon fire projectiles instead of use hitscan? Why do the projectiles move so slowly? Why does it take so long to redirect your movement? How does the point system work? When do you go into berserk mode and what does it allow you to do? This game has serious problems, yet it has been hailed as one the best games of all time and consistently receives next to no criticism.DD has one trick up its sleeve: bombarding you with enemies and projectiles to avoid in a cramped space. It's literally the FPS equivalent of a SHMUP with one never-ending level that takes place in a pitch black arena (or should I include the brown floor?). Read the other reviews of this game--and keep in mind the reviewers' hours--and tell me that Devil Daggers hasn't been unfairly hailed as a godsend when there could easily be a much better ""pure"" arena shooter. This game is ugly, devoid of a good-looking style, and plays just a Flash game that your friend dares you to try out just to make you feel like a bad player.Bizarrely, Devil Daggers has been over-refined, over-thought, and overly-stripped down to the point where there is truly no point in playing it. Arbitrary gameplay decisions aside, there's just nothing interesting to look at, listen to, or play. It's a game that revolutionizes nothing, which has no end, no chance of survival, and no merit except in what it stole from a much better game.I really thought I would like this game, and I really wanted to like it, because we NEED a game like Devil Daggers. Too often new games come out that claim to have super-realistic graphics and claim to push the envelope of graphics, sound design, or realism, but have none of the brutality or skill basis that characterized FPS's in the 1990s. Those games were all about twitch reflexes, accuracy, movement, speed, control, precision, strategizing, weapon prioritization, and things like that. At its core, you can tell the developers of Devil Daggers have a kernel of understanding of what people valued in those games. And I think the people who played it believed that since this new game is a ""pure FPS,"" they thought it took the throne and became a shining example of the epitome of arena shooter gaming. Whether the developers tried to do that, I don't know, but what I do know is that it ended up taking away all that gave meaning to those games. You're in a black void with no music, hardly any sound effects, graphics blockier than the original DOOM, and enemy variety that only consists of floating skulls, monoliths, centipedes, and tentacle monsters. This POS literally won RPS's game of the year award.Apparently all it takes to make a game of the year is to make a game whose difficulty depends on avoiding a ridiculous number of projectiles and floating enemies while you figure out how to stack kills in such a way as to get you slow-mo mode at certain times. This is so limited that it's absurd.Don't get me wrong, I love gameplay-oriented games like DOOM and Quake, but Devil Daggers lacks everything that made those games fun. Even the new release of Rise of the Triad is more fun than Devil Daggers, because at least there's an environment. With Devil Daggers, there are simply no environments, no enemy weight, no gravitas, no tone, and no atmosphere. Furthermore, it tries to claim a stake in a genre from which it strips away everything in order to be the ""most refined"" or ""purest,"" when that's ultimately a strike against it because there ends up being not enough variety or anything creative enough to merit continuing to play.I'm sorry if I'm not a masochist, but I don't find it fun to endlessly die and have to restart a million times to beat a record I'll never beat. And for an arena shooter to not be fun is a crime, especially in this day where we need the arena shooter genre to come back."
76561198064106555,Recommended,422970,24238517,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mrorange,"A very intense and extreme difficult one-level survival horde mode FPS. The perfect execution of a simple idea.Be sure that this game will break you. You will fail several times, over and over again in your fight against your own highscore, against the world leaderboard. All my respect for the best Devil Daggers player out there.Give it a chance, even for full price of 5 EUR.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,422970,21373754,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Emennius,"""Too many daggers. 0/10"" -IGN"
,Recommended,422970,21337660,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jeem,this is a game where you run from skulls and pray futilely for salvation
,Recommended,422970,24124911,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Arrakis,Go fast and side strafe.
,Recommended,422970,21307478,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,lucasrizoli,"It's DOOM without doors or walls. It's Geometry Wars in first-person. Devil Daggers is a fast-paced first-person arcade shooter with a dark, chunky look reminiscent of Quake being rendered in software.It's fast and unrelenting. It's simple and very challening. My mouse hand is sweaty."
,Recommended,422970,30017294,Posted: 18 February,all,murthy,This game represents my sex life.A- It's bloodyB- Makes me shout all the timeC- It's addictiveD- I can't last more than 70 seconds.
76561198113144027,Recommended,422970,21349422,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,qsenn,I might have to refund it just to use the money to buy new pants.10/10 2spoopy4meEdit: I actually went and made a review for a vidya magazine because more people should play this
,Recommended,422970,24129905,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TAY,DO YOU HEAR THE VOICES TOO?
76561198063963211,Recommended,422970,22487003,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,i like it
,Recommended,422970,21777247,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nina,"It's simple, but really intense (to the point of my hands shaking at the end of it) and requires a lot more skill than you'd think. It also has a surprising amount of depth to each mechanic of each individual enemy.And I keep hugging the spawners with my face."
,Not Recommended,422970,30253406,Posted: 28 February,all,HeWhosKnownAsIAm,"Thought I was getting a fair skilled base old school shooter. What I got was clunky shooter where enemies spawn en mass behind you.One hit kills and♥♥♥♥♥♥spawning behind you that moves faster than you is a good way to get bad reviews. Only way to play is to memorize how each ememy moves, and that is a trash way to make a shooter. Test my ability to aim and avoid damage, not my ESP...I expect a ton of hate and dozens of negative ratings for this review as this game seems to have a zealous following, but why it has this I cant for the life of me understand."
76561198087756513,Not Recommended,422970,32309393,Posted: 9 June,all,SquiddenHid,"*This isn't really a legitimate review, and, if you're looking for an actual review and not a list of potential improovments, look at Olde's.I honestly have to agree with Olde with this game, and I'm not gonna lie; it's more of a litterbox than an arena. In it's current state, I feel like $5 is a bit too much for Devil Daggers, and it feels more like an experiment than an actual game. Some improvments could be made here, such as:More enemy varietyThere should be a bit more than 13 enemies, most of which are bigger, stronger and differently colored versions of the first ones you encounter. Hell, I'd be happy if there was an entire skelton enemy added; at least it's more than a flying skull released from a tentacle monolith.MapsThis may be a solution to one of Olde's complaints: add a couple maps with, say, higher up platforms that can be reached via dagger jumps so they actually serve a damn purpose, or ramps with higher-up terrain. ANYTHING to add variety to the arena.*Removed because I'm a whiny little ♥♥♥♥♥. Was about Health*Weapon VarietyYes. I know that it's called Devil Daggers, but at least give me some variety with the daggers other than river of daggers, wall of daggers, and aim-removing daggers. Mabye have a selection screen with three different playstyles? I don't know, but I'd like something more interesting than an overpowered verson of Quake's nailgun.*Removed this part because it would be useless. Was about a HUD*Please consider some of the things above if you plan on improving this game. Thank you, and have a wounderful day while I struggle to get past the minute mark because I'm a scrub.*For casual scumbags like me, I do not recommend this game. If you're into FPS games with extreme difficulty, then this may be the game for you. The not recommended part is for players like me, who just need to git gud."
,Not Recommended,422970,30120380,Posted: 23 February,all,saaya,"its cheap, cool retro graphics... but its awful... lolan increasing number of enemies spawn around you randomly and insta kill youthey touch you, youre deadthey shoot at you, youre deadyou run away and get too close to one, youre deadi seriously dont understand how this is supposed to be fun... *shrug*"
76561198312291177,Not Recommended,422970,34298545,Posted: 16 August,all,Naturaly Gifted Taquitos,"Its about 20 minutes of intense fun untill it's imposible to progress forward. The lack of progression disables you to see different enemy types. If you call that a learning curve than hitler must be the pitcher. ♥♥♥♥ but I do love the solid adrenaline you get when ♥♥♥♥♥ slaying 30 demons in 10 seconds. I guess it's a catch 22 though because this game makesyou feel more of a ♥♥♥♥♥ than an abortion clinic. Which makes me its dead, disapointing, rotting fetus. Anyway This is a mixed bag but I would suggest saving your $5 for a steam sale."
76561198275493614,Not Recommended,422970,25124081,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ninjadunn2001,The game won't start and I don't know why. Please if anyone knows what would cause it to close before it even starts let me know.
,Recommended,422970,21470065,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,kepler0,> rip
,Not Recommended,422970,21308785,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ElyCyan,"TL;DR Game is hard but not engaging. It feels nothing like Doom/Quake - the ONLY weapon you get is boring to use, there isn't a proper level to run through (just a wide open room), and the beginning enemies are so monotonous that you won't feel a drive to even excel at the game. If you want a hard FPS throwback game with a bit of roguelite, I'd recommendZiggurat,Tower of Guns,Paranautical Activityor just go to the source and get Doom and Quake.Devil Daggers might claim to be inspired by 1990s FPS games, but make no mistake: this is nothing like Doom or Quake.You're dropped onto a wide open circle of ground and enemies spawn randomly on the edge, spewing tons of flying skulls when they do. If you get hit once, you die. There is nowhere to hide and the area is dark so some enemies will be hidden in that darkness. In Doom/Quake, a lot of the gunplay came from moving quickly through cooridors, finding secrets, ducking in and out of doorway cover and being surprised by a monster closet opening behind you. This game only spawns monsters around you with very little fanfare, and you'll spend most of your time simply bunny hopping and circle strafing. That's it. This might be a fluid movement system but it does not supply an enjoyable nor interesting space to use it in.The difficulty is very high, as you'd expect. I can appreciate one-hit difficulty, but frequently you'll die because something spawned behind you without much or any warning, or one lone skull did a Tokyo drift and nipped your ankle, or something else altogether. The game won't give you feedback about WHY you died. Probably a lone enemy snuck up on you? Who knows. There are tons of floating skulls everywhere but it simply isn't fun or interesting to fight them or die to them. In the end, the game killing you doesn't feel frustrating or terribly unfair really - it's just kind of boring.The only weapon you get is the devil daggers. If you click mouse-1, you have a weak shotgun attack that is nothing like the boomstick from Doom. It feels like a nerf gun. If you HOLD mouse-1, you get a minigun like weapon that actually does feel good to use.  I don't know why they chose to tie these firing modes to the same button (you can't remap this either!) - it feels clumsy to use and it often will not work at all, simply giving you a one shot from the minigun instead of the shotgun. Combining the weakness of the shotgun shot with the unreliability of the controls, I'm not sure why you'd bother to use it. Apparently the game gives you homing daggers for mouse-2 at SOME point, but I honestly never played enough to get there before I got extremely bored.Normally in difficult games, you'll have a desire to get better at the game, to learn from your mistakes, and last a bit longer next time. I didn't have that feeling in this game. The gun (dagger?) play felt so dull that I just accepted each death and tried again. 45 minutes later, I felt like I only got marginally better but had no desire to try again. There are 10 more enemy types that I never got to see, but I simply don't care enough to play longer to get to that content. I also never got any double jump, nor homing daggers, or any upgrade.Finally, you can watch replays of the top scores on the leaderboards, so you can watch people who have mastery over the game play. It's a lot of circle strafing and holding mouse-1. Not the most riveting gameplay to watch, but you can appriciate how good these people are at the game. I'm just not sure why they feel driven to achieve that mastery when it just doesn't seem interesting to get there. There are better, deeper games out there that fill this niche."
,Recommended,422970,21309807,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Frontier Proctologist,You'll have a Skele-TON of Fun!
,Not Recommended,422970,26576612,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Chucksteak,"This game requires you to replay it over and over and gets very repetative due to some lazy game design where the levels don't change or what enemies you face, it's literally the exact same thing over and over . You must kill everything the second it appears on your screen or die just moments later, the momentum of your ""lack of aim"" will screw you over later on. I call it ""lack of aim"" because the hitboxes of the enemies feels off and your bullets feel sluggish. Many times I have actually watched my bullets go through the target I'm trying to kill and I guess it just didn't register, pretty big flaw considering this IS an fps. You have to lead all your shots and your bullets feel very slow moving across the map, yet they shoot out of your hand quickly, doesn't really make sense. The game has a leaderboard and it does have some replay value based on that but this game needs some tweaks, the enemies need to move a little slower, the hitboxes of the enemies needs to be a bit bigger, your bullets need to move across the map a little faster, and they need to implement a toggle for crosshairs. I can't stand guessing where my bullets are going to go without some reticle. Until these changes are made I just can't really recommend this game. It gets very frustraiting to have your bullets just go through your target, and having to repeat the EXACT same ""sequence"" over and over and over and over again to try and get back to where you were at. Even though the game isn't expensive I would still wait for it to go on sale.Update: currently i am ranked 332 out of 73,102. So that does put me in the top 1% of the leaderboards, so if you still think my review of the game isn't fair or i dont know what im talking about, statistically i've experienced more of the game and reached a point further than 99% of people that even play/played this game :P"
,Not Recommended,422970,30045827,Posted: 19 February,all,Veks,broke my keyboard
,Recommended,422970,32282373,Posted: 8 June,all,Ymmat_in_the_hat,L̡̛̙̦̹̘̹̺̤͉̝̠̱͍̙̱̾̌́̈͋́́͘ͅU̸̢̡͚͉̥̘̳͇̘͈̞̼͉͚͊̏̀̒ͬ̍͊̀̐̿̏̏́Ç̶̤̠͇̠͉̼̺̈̿̏̓ͯ̌̄̃ͧ̍͗̃ͧ̃̚͝I̷͙̝͓͍͍͚͍̮̲̝̣͉̝ͨ̐ͧ̈́̇̈́̒͐͞F̶̴͍̰̥̘̯̣̥̘̣̓̏ͫ̄͆̇͛̾͋ͬ͌̉̔ͨ͐ͧͬ̾̀ͅͅE̴̡̧̥̺̖̭̥̥͕ͬ͊̈͊ͦ̈͢͟R̵̛͙̻̫̘̝͕̗̆ͧ͊͑͑̑ͪ̇͗ͪͪ̑͛ͤͭͨ̂́́͢ ̴̧̳̠̣̲̘̳̜̼̝̜͍͎͈͕ͩ̂ͨ͋̿̏̆ͪ́̉̂̍̂ͭ̚̚̕͠͞I̥̲̱̥̭̺̗͕̖̬̟͓̣ͩͤͧ͊͐̉ͮ͑͛̽̐̅̒̇̍͋͞ͅS̗̭̙̹̜̦̮̩͖͍͛͗̓ͪͮ̉̊̎͗̋̇̌́ͤ̓̋͘͞ ͓̠̰̹̩̥͉͔̳̩͇̜͕̂ͪ̑ͯͣ̔ͦ̆̏͗͛ͨ͛͒̉ͫ̍̀̚̕O͖̹̫̟̳̙̬̩ͬ̓̿̒̆̅͗͑ͤͫ̑̾̏̕͢͞͡Ų̡̛̓ͭͭ͆ͦͭͣͨ̽ͤͨ̈ͩͪ͛͑҉̰̱̞̪́R͕̳͕͇͖̮͚͕̻̤̲͎̃͑̊̏͜͟͜͜͡ ̴̵̘͚͇̩͉̮̭͇̹̝͙͖̫̬̹͚͎̩̻ͧ̃̉̓͑͒̿̄̂͌̂͂̿̇̚̚Lͯ͛̏̚͏̸͙͕̫̦̯̮̜͚̕͡͡ͅO̧̲̘͈͕̼̼̠̙̱͈̘̟̣͓͖͓ͪ̂̓͊̔̏͑ͭ̿ͯ̆͑̾ͫ͐͐ͅR̴̨͖̖͙͉̲͑͊ͨͮ͆̍͋ͨ̚͝D̵̴̸̥̻̜͔̦̘̳̼̯̼̜ͤ̂̂͒́ͥ͐̈́̿̀̑̋̓̀͒̓̈̃̑ͯͯ̌ͥ̄͟͝͠͡G̡͉̲̠̣͔̘̱͚͓͖̥͈̝͕̋͒̔̿ͦ̒͆̏̀̚͜͟O͛̒̐̋̐ͩ́͏͕̳͚̙̥̖̩͈̥̙D̶̢͙̬̱̪̘̳̠̑ͫ̀̀ ̈͗̑ͤ͊ͮ̊ͧͫ̌̈́̂ͯ͒͜͏̯̤͖͔̯̦͖͉͟͜͝I̵͉̜̝̱͔̲̲̟̻̪̪͈̤̣̝̰ͯͤͮ̀͠S̶̩̹̦͓͈͚͇̻̣͎̞̠̟͚͈͎͉̙͌̒̈̓̀͗̍̀͛̅ͥͨ̃ͬ̎͂͐̀͘ͅ ̺̹͎̻͚̭̪̣͕̳̺̜͈̝̯͚͊́͋ͭͯ̊̔̋͡D̲̰̹͈̗̗̣͈̺̹̩̱̬͍̼͔̂́̓̅ͩ̓̿̾ͬ͒̕͠͞E̢̯̫͙͉̬̖̪̫̻̯̝̼̤͚͚̹ͣ̓͌ͮ̒̃̇̏̓̇ͩͬ͋ͩ́ͦ́ͅÂ̷̸̤͔̰̭͙͍̪̤̮̮̼͎̤̪̭͋̒̑̿͋̓ͮͩ͆̿͌̑͆̏̚̚͢ͅD̮͍̜̣̜̰̳̖̬͖̳͔̼͖͗ͣͧ́͘͘ ̢̛̟̲̗̣͎̜̺̞͎͖͉͓̯̥̮̱̓ͭ̑̈͂̓͡ ̶̥̦̲̳͖̠͍̣̠̯͙͎͓̟̫̻ͪ̑̉̄̃͒͑̈͋ͩ͋̅̉͟G̵̝̼͍̦͚͙̺͔̠̯̔̿͌ͨ̑̆́̚O̶̴̪̦̱̮͎̠͋̂̋ͪ͐̊̈ͨ̌̒ͥ͌͊̑͐ͯ̓́̕͡Ḑ̸̶̪̠̖̬͓̬͈̯ͦͮ͊̓ͭͦ͗͑̒̊͆̓ͬ̏̂͒ͫͫ͂̀͟ ̶̢̧̡̛̰̝̗͎̹̖̋͆ͬ͂̃̚ͅͅI̶̢̻̫͓̼̫̰̓̈͌̉ͭ̂ͧͤͤ͆ͤ̓́͢S̴͉͔̯̝͍̭̭͉̱̘̘͍̟̪̟͈͇̜̭̔̓̉͊̾͂͑ͥͪ̄̽͛ͦͯ̒̅͢͜͡ ̷̟̰̺͍̟̥̠̬͇̘͈͓͎̗̻͚̝̂̇ͤ̒͛̂ͥ̒̄ͥ͆̓ͧ̒̽̄͝D͖̥̹̩̩̱̭̟̜̜̠̙͎͈͔̞̲̱͙̓̓̔̐̔́ͭ̀ͨ̂̂ͥ̅̂̋̌͝E̡̬̲͖͇̗͖̳͓͉͚͍̹ͦ̓̂̈͗̅ͪͪ̿͒͛̿̎̌͂͡Aͨ̃̆ͦ͊̾ͧ̄ͣ͝͏̩̭͙̳̘̦͎̞̣͚͙̝̺̦̝̤̪ͅD̢͎͇̥̻̭ͨ̄͌ͪ̄́ ̵̌͊͂ͭͥ͊̃̑ͪͩ̔̒͟͞҉̹͙̯͇͖ ̽ͧͫ͑̆̉̂̀̈́̃͗̋͌͛ͨͫ́̚̚͏̶̺̳̝̰̞̝͕̳̠̦̘͢G̵̮͉̟̺̞͚̙̹̮̠̟̣̻ͣͫ̿̐͛̽̽͆ͦ̄ͤ̓̔ͬ̔͆ͨ̕̕͡O̬̠͖̳͉ͦ͂̃̐̆͋ͨ̆̾͠D͊̉̔̽̈̈̐ͭ͒̀ͭ͊̑͏̙̜̬̤̬͎̗̬̱̮̖͎ ̷̨͈̣̯̮̖͔̣̙̦͚̽̅̑̋͢͝͠I̘̯͎̼̼̼͇̼̞͕͔̖͖͚̯̹͑͌̑̋͊̐̀͗̂ͤͪͥ̌̀͑̿̒̕͞͠S̏ͭͤͩͤ͒͂͌́́̒ͬͫͫ̚̕҉͢҉̛͍͖̭̬͔̩̟̳͙̹ ̧̛̜̤̮̤̪͈͈̟͓̾̔̒ͬ͛̋ͥͥ̐̓́̕D̂͐͋͏̶̫̦̠̱͖͉͙̰͚̖̟̻͖͈́͘͜E̩͚̦͆͗̈̒̈́̿͢A̢̡̯͓̱͉̟̹̭͖̬̱̰̼̗̓̀ͦ̆̉͋̍ͫ͝͞D̵̢̛͉̗͈̞̳̯̼͓͖̰͍̪̩̣ͨ̽̍̄̇ͨ͘͟ͅ ̶̧͕͕͛̋́̔̓ͅ ̴̶̷̑̿͛̇ͭ͊͗ͥ̄̚͡҉̣̫͓̥̘G̶͗͊̄̏̽̅ͫ҉̸̦͚͙̬͓̞̰͖͓͙͖͖͍͈̫̕Ǫ̓̎̏̽͏̴̬̯̼͕͓̖̤̳̹̹̤̮͢D̢̛̜̹̭̼͙͚̠͍̝̪͔̗͓̖͋̈́͌̾͑̄̌͜ͅ ̶̍ͬ̈́͆͐͏̨̯̼̠̗̺̩̖̳̟̗̼͖̤͠I̸̢̛̻̦͖̣̯̥̮̠̬̘͚̼̥͌ͬ̀̑ͦ̆́̿ͣ͜͟S̛͚̗̮̖̣̾̏̾̅̀̌̕͟ ̍̈́͒̿̈́̊ͮ͏̶͙̱̗̩̭̤̞̘͙͈̀͠D̬̹͖͔͂̑̄̒̅̆͝Ȩ͓̬͍̼̬̪̭͚͈̞̤̱͒̇͊ͦ̂ͩͩ̂ͭͧͥ̄̽͢͞A̡̡̛͇͇̥̼͉̎͗ͬ̐̍̄̅̾ͦͭ̽͋ͨ͆͢D̲͍̭̰̩̝͉̲̺̈̂ͩ͒ͧͮͫ͐̃͗̃̌̔̿̀͡ͅ ̶̛̠̮͓̣͓͈͔͔̝͎͙̭̗̙͈̎͑͋̌̚̕͡͝ ̶̮̖̫̹̯̰̘̜̩̗̹̟̭̪ͤ̓ͪ̈ͦ̌̈̀̾̐̆̄ͯ́͟ͅG̛̜͈͔͓̞̠̙̹̦̩͖̋̎̓̍̓ͫͣ̀̚͜͜ͅO̵ͯ͋ͫ̉ͯ͛͒̌ͣͤͧ̔̆̓͌ͤ̇ͨ҉̤̪͔͇̹̤̝̬̜̬͖̬͉̦͖̼͉Ď̡̜̪̳̪͔̹̠̤̗̩̩ͨ̋ͪ͋͢͝ ̸́ͫ̉̾͠͏̝̟̠̜̙̝̠̘̩͔̙̙̫͇̦I̢̛͚͎͚̟͍̟ͨ̑̑͆ͯ̊̎ͣͫ͑͋ͨ̋̆̚̚͞Ş̵͙̳̹͓͖̯͍̼̼̦̓͊͌ͥ̋͑̇̕͝͝ ͙̬̭͈̻̲̟͚̩̫̱̱̻̓̑̅̇̄̈́̚͘͘͟ͅͅD̄ͨ͑ͥͨ͡͏̧͖͙͍̫̖̦̤̳̺̮̜̹̜̞͍̪̀͡E̫̞̦̮̱̜̙̲̬̙̯ͦ̓̈́͌͑ͫ̋̓̀͐͢ͅĂ̷͈̭̠̝̺̠̒́ͯ͂̃̑͒̋͐̑̌́͜͠D̬̪͎̩̪̲̠͊̐̐̓̐ͨ͑͑̿͋̾ͦ̔͆͆ͤ̚̕͢͞ͅ ̧̟̞̺͎̜̬̳̺̭͙̺͋̒̔ͤͩͬ̓͐́̑ͬ͋͆̅̀G̸̨̧̹̟̼͈̗̹̣̯͇̥͋̾ͬͧ͒ͯͪ́̏̂͒͜͠Ô̶̸̶̮͙̺̮̱̜͇͔͍̣̹̥̭̭̹ͣ̅ͯͬͪ͟͞ͅD̖̝̟̱͍͇̖̦̼̣̞̘̯͙̥̯̙̮̑̔̌ͪ̉ͥ̅̅ͭ̽́̆̂͋̌̾̇̌́͟͢͠ ͇̺̩̙ͦ̓͆ͦͥͧ̅͞͞͝͡I̢ͨͩͩ̑̅ͤͬͬ̋̄̓̾ͬ̈́͗̅̚҉̀҉̭͉͚̙̼̭Ș̶̲̘͚ͣ̒̐ͫ͐̈͑͑ ̺̪̞͓̺͈̬̭̙ͬ̇ͪ̎̽͑ͬ̎ͪ́͝D̸̮̦̙̯͔̪̠ͣͧ̆̽̀ͨ̽̓͌͛̈́̈́͝͠Ė͑ͬ̌̓̑͗̊̆̑̉̉ͤ̄҉͈͕̩̬̱̟͉̺͉͖̲̘̜̪̜͎͉̪̺͟͝Ǎ̇͐͆͏̤͓̼͖̥̼͇̖͕͇̮̟͖͚̫́D̶̛̹͕͚̠̙͔̰͍̫̬̄̊͛̅͗͛̑̾͐̆̓ͣͬ̑͌̇͜͢͡ ̢̂ͭͮͭ͊ͩ͗̆ͫͩ͐ͤ͒̏͒̈́̚͏̛̗̳̜̟͉̭͚̰̥̫͚ ̴͕̟̭͍̠̰̥͇̼͔̤̗̗̟͐͑͋̌̋̈́́͠G̸̡͚̲̦̗̮̱͚̗͖̘̜̪̻̱̓̏ͬ͑̽͆̿ͫͪ̒̽̑̓ͮͯ̌̈̚O̢̭̻̺̬̯̰͍̟̞̘̥̦̘̮̺͍̳ͭͩ͊̇ͦͬ̆͂̌̋̊̄͢D̵̸ͭ̄̀͌ͭ̈́͡҉̻̖͍͉̫̱͈̭ ̧͙̘̝̩̅ͤ̐ͬ̀ͪ͋ͪ̑̽ͬ̉͌̌ͤͯ͠Ị̷̟̼͚̱̩̗̼̩̫̮̯͍̀͛̑̾̀̚͡S̢̡͓͎̲͕̳̈́̍͗͐ͯ̓̍͠ ̨̪̳̙̳͕̥̫̮̗͈̋͆̌̇ͭ̐ͣ̊͞Ḑ̶̛͎̭̺̳̩͉͊̈́̍̒̊̐ͯ͂̇̚É̵̛͙̫͙̪͈̘̞̺̻̗ͬͬ̽͗̏ͧ̌ͤͥ̇̾̈́̾̿͟A̧̱̩̲͇̹̟̤̖̭̙̱͓̜͆̉̓͒̒̄̉̀ͦ̃ͧ̇̋̀̀ͅD̢͇̹̙̖͔̙̻͓̻̭̹̻̠͛ͦ̂ͪ̽̏̎̄̈́ͪͨ͆̀͜͠ͅ ̶̴̡̙̘̩̗̪͙̟͓̓ͥ͒̎͑̔͊̋̆́̃͝ ̷̧̜̭̗̺̪͇̟̥̠͗ͪ͛͒ͯ͟Ģ̷̖̝͈̱̳̰͙̪̼̗̯͕͙͚͌ͪ͐ͥ̐ͥ̇̉̀͑̉̽̈́̾͗͛̎O̤̖̲͙͉̝̬̣̓̋ͩ͐ͪ̇̅̀͢D̄ͤ̈ͦ̀̂̽̔ͪ̑̆̉́̚͏̢̙͎̻͚͉̹͎̱͍̖̙̞̫̙ ̑ͣ̈́͌͆ͭͫ͑̐ͥ̇̈̚͞͏̠̺̞̣̩͈̠̩͕̩͇̕͟İ̴̸̛͆̔͌͊͏̳̫̹̥S̸̷̨̺̯̫̪͈̦͍̲͙͇͙̲̞̖͊͋̌ͮ̃͆̓́ ̶̨͑̍̾̍̍ͣ͂ͬ̒̓̾̇͜͏̝̼͖͎͍͇̦͍̟̗͈ͅD͂̎ͨ̾ͩͧ̽͗̂̎̆͆̎̿ͣ҉̰͓̜͍͙̱͠E̼̥͕̱̝̞͍̲̝̰̼̼͕̬͕̔̄͋̎ͥ͜A̛͎̖̥̫̯͉̱̬͙͒̉ͤ́̉̾̎̊̈D̶̡̥̰͍̱̬̙̠̘͇͉̰̙̤̙͉̍̎̆̋ͮ̏̌͋̽ͭͮ̈́͛͊ͪ̏͌̌͝ͅͅ ̸̧̧̺͎̫͖͇̦̦͐̄̿͛͝ ͂ͦͪ̍̔ͦ͑͐̉ͥ҉͏̶͔̠͉̥̹͖̭̼͈̘̖͈͙̠̯̳̘̥͟G̶̸̲̘͎̱ͪ̋̎̈́ͯ̀ͣ͛͡O̷ͧ̊ͭ̓ͣ̅̇͆͌ͪ̌ͯ̍́҉̩͎̯͉̱͍̦̭̞̙͔̬͇̣̯͍̠ͅD̶̢̢̡̝̗͔͎̔̑͐ͯͧ͂̚̕ ̶̛̺̥̪͎̹̖̻̼͗̓̉͂̔̈́̑̐́̚̕͠ͅI̖͙̠͔̯ͦ̉ͣ̾̈̌̐͒ͪͥ̓́͘͜͟S̨̐ͥ͒̽͆̈́ͮ́͝͏҉̰̩͕͔̻͙̖̬̼̲̼̯̖̗̼̣̥͇ͅ ̛̬̘̻͈̱͒͗̎͂͡D͊̀͆͊͗͒͛̂͏̴̝̮̟̞̲̱̻͔̹͓̠̖Ȩ̴̵̩̦̙̝̭̬̬̻̺̳͈̯̗͓̬͈̤̈ͬ͐͌ͬ͑̆ͭ̈́ͩ́Ȁ͎̠͕̥̗̠͇̱̖̜̲̜̳̭͇́̇ͦͧͭͦ͂̋ͫͯ̎̈̕͘͞ͅD̶̵̢̝̖̥͎̑̔ͨ͛̂ͯ̓̾̏̒̆̈́ͥ͋̿ ̴̷̨̰̫͎͇͈̠̥̱̬̺͉̈́͛̇ͫ͌͌ͧͧ͑̈́̋̋͐́̚͢ ̈͌̿ͤͯ̉̏͂̅ͮ҉̴͇͍̺̱͍̼̝̬̰̱̰̩͔̼̕͜G̡͆͆͛͐̔͛͐ͫ̅ͯ̔̑͏͕̱͉̠̣͇̣̟̫̜O̷̧̩͈̬͓̖̗͍̤̪̭̮̘̰̹ͤ̂̽̉̀͗͋̅̔ͬ̌͛͐̅̚͡D͋̽̌ͮ͌ͭ̏͂ͮ͋ͭ̅͛ͮ͗̚҉̜͕͖̱̠͎̫͖͔̤̤̠̀͜ͅ ̛͎͍͖͉͎ͧͪ̆̓ͫ͛ͭͭ̾̚͢͝͞Ȉͫ̏ͦ̌ͧͮ̄͑̈́̍̓̇́ͧ͂͘͟҉͖͉̦̯̳̪͚͕̩̬̰̠͎̥̦͚͉̙S̨̪̙͓̳̱̫̯͔͔̫͑̋͗̄͛̂͘͞͞ ̴̧͙̥̗̤̩̟͍̙̳ͣͪ̃̅̌͗̏̏̆̕͝D̷̴̷̢͚͈͙̞̣ͦͧ̋̚̕E̵̶̴̜̠̖͚̾̈́̃̽̉ͭ͒́͗̏̆̔̂͛ͫ̀̚̚ͅA̴̧̮̮̪͓͔͎̬̪͓͍̳̺̅̐ͮͬͪͬͧͮͨͤͦ͟͜͠D̵̸͍̗̩̮͙͋̿ͦͧͥ͋ͩ̋ͤ͂ͮͥ̒̃ͤͮ̒́͜ ̷̡͙̼̭̰̰̙̋̈͛̅̀͞͠G͆̇͂̿̾̓̑҉҉̯͙̤͔͍͓̣O̧̟̮̬̯̤̜͚͂̓̑̊ͭͦͬ͜͟͠D̰̙͔͖̱͔̣͕̪͉̼̺̰̫̘̫̋̇ͥ͗̃͋̐̃͛͑̿̉̿ͪ͒́̀̚͘͡ͅ ̵̨͊̃̌ͥ͌͏̙̩͚͖̭̱̳̪͎̞̯͎̗̭͖̱I̧̜̩̱̝̿̌͒ͬ̊ͬ͛̏͗̇͊͂̔̉͐́̚̕͞S̡̖̹̭̣͓̖̜̙͖̼̪ͯͫ̉͆͒ͯ͋̈́̏́̕͠ ̜̻̰͕̞͕͗̔ͦͮ̀͞͠͠D̸̯̼͎̱̯̪͖ͮͪ̐̑̍ͣͩ̊̎̉̚͘Ė̴̴̟͇̥͈̜̝̤̘̠̻̹̭̭̀̎ͧ̓͞ͅĀ̛͎̠̮̙̲̹͖̹̹ͭ̐͊̾̄̏̉ͫ̀̀̕D̸̴̨̡̧̜̼̺̝̤̣̺̰̅̌̏͊ͨͮͮ̐͐͗̀͛ͥ̀̔̈͑ ̢̞̗̞̠͚̪̭͎̺͔̗̼͕̪̘̟̐ͭ͐͌͑ͤ̓̓͐͌̽̇̈̓͋͆̚͞͡ͅͅ ̷̶ͦ̉̅̀̈́̐͋҉̜̫̠͓̟̤͓͓͈̰̞̩G̷̶̴̵̜̯̝͔͈̞̣̒̄̏̎ͫ̂̈̃̅͟Ò̯̱̠̜̩̦͇̠͈͍͈͕͓͇̻̌͗̿ͤͬ͆̉̔̃̓ͫ̍̔̓̅̋ͩ͘͢Ḍ̛̲̝̃͊ͦͫ̏ͣ̏̑ͦ͡ ̵̧̟̝̞̫̯͇̥̹̥̗͎̩͕̜̼͚̣͋̍ͣ̌͛ͬ̓̏̒̽ͯͨͯͬ̑̀ͅͅI̸̸̧̡͍̩̺͚̱̭̒ͤ̂̏̂̊̾̈́̒̋̓͋̆͋͒̉ͩ̚Ș̷̷̡̜̰͉͎̼̞̹̞̩̻̥̗̳̬̤͈̟͛̐͒̉͒͗̍̈́̑ͫ͛͑ͪ̈̈̓̽̾͘͘ͅ ̴̷͚͔̰̤̳̭̮̮̠̯̭̤̎̍́ͤ͋̌̌͋̏ͭͮͩ̍̒̀̔ͦ͞ͅD͈̲͚̭̪ͣ̒ͮͣ̇̿̏̎̇͢͞͡E̴̢̧̻͕̖̳̫̤͇̟̥̩͎̥̭̥͍̓̽̏̆̄A̴̶̛̹̖͔͚̲̹͈̫̬̥͇͐̆̈͐͋̕D̴̦̱̥̫̪̥͎̫̔̓͗͌̂̓̄̎ͪ́̓ ̇͂̾̽҉̷̛̠͈̳̠͉͖͇͖̣̮̹̞̰̹͓͈̱̘̕ ̴̵̪̹̦̠̣͖͖͆̐̒̓ͮ̀͊̾̓̋̿́ͪͩ͛̔̀ͅǴ̸̐ͥͪͨͬ͆̇͌͂̃̿̄ͫ̑̚̚̚҉̱͔̭̻͇̩̬Ơͤ̍̔̄ͪ͐ͧ̇͆̐̕͝͏̬͓͚̺͖̰̭̦̫͉̱̠̦͎̲͉̥̪ͅDͩ͌ͫ͗̌͏̵͜҉͏̣̗̝̝̟͕̫͓̲̫̻ ̣̻̯͕̬͖͙ͬ͂̆̅͋ͭ̄̓̑͌͐̕͘͞I̶̘̙̱̹̞͓͇̮̫͕̜͓͖̖͇̦ͬ͂ͦ̾ͥͮ͛̍ͣ̏̌͑͑ͩ̓ͨ̆͠S̛̗͍̮͕̩͎̩̥̙̜̰͙̋̂͋̽ͩͬͬͭͧ̿ͬ̏̿͂ͬͫ̃̍ͣ͜͡ͅͅ ̷̸̩̞̼̻̩̦̳ͤ̔̾̀ͨ̈͌͒͡ͅD̵̛̳̩͔̜̳̙̫̝̯̥̙͙̿̎̀̀̌͐ͦ͒̂̄̒̉̐͢ͅḚ̡̜͕̠͙̹̣̻̘̽͋̓ͫͦͮ̒͑̎ͤͭ̓̏̌̊̀̚͘̕A̴̛ͤͤͮͨ̒̃̈́̈́͌̀̃̈́ͭ̔̍͊͘͏͓̝̳̭͚̦̱͕̬͕̲̯D̛͗̈͊̉̈̐ͮͩ̏͒ͦ̒ͬ͌̈́ͭ̉́ͨ҉͇͖̼̯͕̳͇̳̳̼͓ ̡̨͖̟͖͚̦̟͔̦̪̳͔̰̬̝̻͎̣̫ͧͪͮͣ ̸̡͚̣̼̟͖̺̞̩͔̹̙ͧͭ͗͆̽̀́̚͝ͅǴ̸̷͔͈͇̠͓̩͚̥̗͖̱͔̪̬̳͖͇̆ͪ̏͆͆̑̆͌͐ͥ͐̏ͩͥ͜ͅǪ̴͔̝̞͇̘͙ͣ̒̓͗͛͂̚Ḑ̤̟̥̥̻̫̆̑ͪ͊ ̶̬̲̭̳̣̺͚̟̗̰̪̯̘̠͕͔̘̮ͯͥ̑ͯ̓̓ͭ͌̉͛͗ͪ̒͘͢͞I̡͉͖̺̖ͦ̏ͪ̒̈́̈́̔ͩ̽͘͠S̛͚͈̝̮̖̠͔̮̺̻͇̹̘͕̟̱̄ͨ͗̽̉̄̊̄̽̽̊̊͑͊̄ͣ̍͞ ̧̛͍̙̮̪͖̞̪̠̭̎̒ͮ̑̂͑̃͗ͤ͊̍͢ͅͅḌ̗̫̯͖̳̱̟ͤͪͬ̄̿ͣͮ̍́͌̕͟E̶̸̶̺̘͎̞̳̝̥̺̯̲̺͙̤̦̥̬̲ͤ͂͗̚ͅA̴̛̺̲͉͍̠̟̯͎͈̹͔͉͉̤̥̗͖̝̲̿̐̒̒̿̊̾̆͂̀ͨ̋̽ͩ͗͋ͭ̚D̴̯̗̬̘͍̲̙ͩ̇̌̽̇̅͊̓̓̊͒́̿̎̐̒̍̕ ̷̨̦͙͖̯̝͔̠̻̦͔̞͎̜̘̙̰̥̺ͬͫͪͤ̍̓ͫ̓̀ͬ̀̉̽̆̚ ̵̶̢̫̲̱͇̰͚̬̣̤̠̙̪͖̮̋ͭ̿̀͑̕G͌͌ͨͪ͆̇ͨ̌̒̾̆ͣ̍̃̊ͩ̂̉͏̢̭͙̮̠̬̯Ọ̵̳̲̩̥̘̼̟̤̲̈́̅̀́ͧ̒̍͋͑̌ͤ̆̚͘͝D̶͙̖͕̥̹͕̪̦͕̪̯͋̉ͨ̉ͨͥ̄̓̈ͭ̊̅̓̉ͧ͂̂ͯ͢͜ ͦͯ̈̑̔ͦͣ̌͌ͨ͏̶̛͓̺͔͔̜̲̦͔̘͕̙̣͕͜ͅI̾̇̆͑͛ͨ̏̿ͩ̌͗҉̟̞̝̱̼͈̩͉̘̲͈̙̙̦̰̳̣͇̀͢ͅS̵̓̂ͫ̓ͩ͌ͩ̆ͦͣ̎̈́͐͌̽͊̌ͭ̚͞͏̺͎̗̫͍̦͈̬ ͪ̈́̍̈̆ͪ̾ͨ̎̐̿̃̚͘҉̠̣͔̲̳͈͈̲̫̰͈̤D̨̗̜̣̣̠̣̠̬̮̮͖̮͎̘͈̣̮̩̹̿̌̽̆͊̓̑ͪ͢Ė̴̪͚͚̅̎̊̓͑̓̃̂̎̉ͯ́̕͘Ą̵̶̼͖̫͖̼̮̓ͥ̾͑̽̀͞ͅͅḐ̸̲͕̩͉̗̜̘͎̙̱̱̪͓̰̆ͩ͒̉̂̀̕ ̷̸̩͍̥̱̬̲͙̼̤ͮ̀̔̆̒ͬ̃͒ͫͫ̽̋ͤ̾̊̆̌͋̓͘͠͠Gͯ̆̑ͦ͒̎͂̚͝҉̜̺̪̱̬̙̗̱̤̤O̶̴̲̯̘͈̳͎̪̼͔̭̤̗̗͎̩͎̻͍̲̓̈́ͩ͒ͭ̍̌̈̊̿͂̈́͆͘͡Ḑ͌̋̆ͦͮͦͧ̚҉̶̜̘̫͚̺ ̵̸͚̩͉̜̙͕̳̰ͫͫ̽͐́ͪI̴ͧ͒̐ͫ̈́̓̆̅̆̓͋ͮ̀́͒ͯ͐̄҉̵̶̟͇̳̪̺̳S̴͑̓̀ͬ̿ͧ̓̀ͭͮͭ̃ͥ̓̚͏̸̫̘̭̠͙͉̬͉͈̲̱͈̫̦͝ ͪ̎ͤ̋̄҉̷̵͎̣̼͖͖͔̳͈̭̭̮̣͎̠̮Ḑ͓̳̬̮̺͎͔̲̯̜̲͉̤͚͓̻̤̠̝́ͨͯͣͮ̐̚Ȩ̶̡̯̥̺̮̝͉͙̳̦̜̱̰̻̭̟ͥ̔͊͒̆͒̚͜ͅÂ̢̓́́̐͗ͣ́҉̸̶̼̬͇̖̝̹̖̤̟͖̣̹̠͉͔̠̳̱ͅDͭ͊̀̉҉̥͇̺͚̲̤͚̳͘ ̵̴̡̛̤̼̤̟̣̹͉ͬ͌̍̀ ̢͓̜̫̺̰̼̳͎̫̱̱̯̦̻̭̦͙͔̅͆̃͐͂͋͛ͯ̆̈ͫ͗̀̔ͬ͞͡͡͠G̢̛̫̝͎͙̮̪͙͙͉̟̱͍̈̀̋ͤͧ͆̌̿̈̆ͥ̉̔͠Ơ̶͈̗͍̗̗̬͒̾̄̇ͬ̿͑ͩͤͥ̉̅̈̃̑̒͗͘͟͟D̡̡̛̻̠̳̻̣̻̬̍ͪͧ̉̊̇ͥͭ͑̒̋̀͡ ̴̴̝̜̹͓̘̬̟̥̙̜̘̞̗̪̝̩̹̙͇̏̂ͣ̌͂̍̚̕͜Į̷̛̖̥̥̻̣̟̖͇̥̾ͮ̾̏̿͊ͧͣͧ͒͑̚͘ͅͅS̸̸͎͇̟̹͇̥̣̬̦̱͊ͪ͒̽̈ͬ̿̊͛ͮ͂ͧ̾ͥͩͮ̆̚̕͟͜ ̋̇̂́́ͣ͌͐ͨ͐͋̿͆̃ͬ͛̐҉̠͇͖̝͎̠͕͚̱͕̖̩͢͡D̨ͧ̋ͩͬ̽ͭͯ͜͝͏̼͖̫͚͍̲͈̣̫ͅE̶̓̿̄͆̋ͫ҉̵̨̢̪̖̱͈̟͈̭̠͙͙̠̝͉̤Ą͙͖̗̖̲̎́̍ͣͪ̑̓͋ͦ̑͗̓̐̏̑ͪ̈́͡D̢̛͙͍̰̭̺̥͉̻͖͕̈̈͂͑ͫ̇̍ͪͪͫͥ̒̌͗̓̇̀̇̂͜͜͞ ̷̢͚͍̪̳̙̦̖̖̙̺̬̳̲̼ͯ̿ͮ̃͆ͭ̐͌ͤͣ͢ ̸̴̵̢̟̖̮̪̥͉̩̝̺͕̦̯ͮͧ̿̐ͫͮ͂̆ͨͬ̄͒̾͠Ğ̨̧͍̺̺̘͈̪̬̪̻̯̘̖ͯ̑̔̏̌̓ͥ̄̃̅̈́̌ͦ̚ͅO̖̲̲͕̳ͨ̏̉ͩ̅ͥͭ̎̍͛̈̓̎̌͛̏͡D̡̟̬̮̗̫͉̘̞̬͙̘ͣͪͥ́͆ͨͮͣ̏ͤ͌ͨ͂͗̿̂̔͂́̕ ͣͩ̆̃ͦͦͧ̏̃ͯ̐͛ͩͦ͏̷̸̟͍̞͓͙̥̖̪̱̥̰̞I̐̌̇ͥͧͯ̈͑ͦ͂̀̀̓̈̚҉̨҉̴͕̲͙͎̘͓͙̤̤̬̦͉̣̟̞͔̼̭̹͟S̵̷̜͓̥̝̦̗̭̗̻͚̻͇̗̘̪̓ͪͣ̈ͪ͋ͦ̆͒̿̍̌̌ͯ̍ͮͩ̚̕ͅ ̧̟͈̦͖͉̗̘͈̪͍̜̦̖̩͇͔̝ͬ̆́̏̾̔͗̈͊ͧ͗ͨͥ̾͘͢ͅͅḐ̖̜̜̺̱̮̻͎̳͎͇̬̯͒ͫͣ̽̄̌ͭ͞Ę̸̺̰͙̖̩͓̀͛͆̔̎̿ͪ͒̈̇̚A̡̗̺͍̱͕̖̯̠̯̘͕̼̜̮̟̯̩̎̓͌̅͒ͤ̃̚͢͜͞D̲̜͙̱͎̻̩̩̙͇͋͐̍͒̔̎̄ͯ̍͆ͤͪ̏̇̒͑ͥ̚̚͞ ̶̩͙̝͔̫̘̺̣̖̙̩̫͓͙̻̺̲̝ͧ́ͨ͐͟͠ ̸͑̃ͧ͏̘̣̱̹͕͔ͅG̸̳̖͙̤͍͚͙̹̺̰ͦ̅̅̄̊ͮ̐̎̀̆̈́ͯ̒͐͢O̴͖̰̩̤͓͕̒̍͐͋̔ͫ̈͊͆̓ͯ̏̆́͘͘D̴̡̦̙͍̳̭͇͈ͮͬͬ̿ͩ̽̐͋ͪͥ͋̚ͅ ̴̛̗͙̭̠̝̭̫̭̏͑́ͦ̇́I̴͒̔ͨ̃͂͋ͣ̑ͥͫ͑̏̕͏̠̥̪̦͈̗̦̲̞̥͖̦̫̫̙S̴̝̱̼͕͕̤͓̪͇̈́͌ͥ͌̈͊ͯ̑̒ͮ́̀ ̢̤͈̺͈̞̠͚̭̗̯̮̣͌͌̒͒̎͡ͅD̨̡̰̳̯̭̍ͫ̌͌͛̓ͩ̈́̓̈̉̐E̊̀̈́̈́ͣ̚͏̪̞̹̥͚̭̟̮̲͖̭̠ͅA̾ͫͦ͂ͩ̄ͪ̄̉̚͏̶̡̡̹͇̖̼͔̖̟̳̝̣̩̻̯̗̰̗D̨ͮͪ̓̏̾̉̍ͬ͏̶̢̻̰̝̭̦͙̮͈͡ ̷̲̖̤̦͔͍̫̈̇ͮ̑̓͑͛̐ͫ̅̿͗͑́̾̆̓̇͗́ͅͅ ̵̢̣̩̤ͪ̓͊̏̐̈́̓̌͑ͬ͋̓̏ͫ̀͛̈́ͅǦ̡̛̫̪̜̙̟̹̦̯̖̲̫̖̜̣̘͊ͪ̒̈̉̽̄̿͂̓̈ͦ͊͢ͅO̴̡̧͙͍̬̙̳̬̫ͣ͛ͨ̑ͣ̽ͪͦ̃͞ͅͅḐ̴̛̮͔̤͕̪͓̠͍̣̲̈́̉̊̎̂̓̋͐̃́̕ ̵̧̉̈́͊͊ͬ̎̅̆ͭ̅ͭ̈͗̽͟҉͈̼̰͚̮͙̣I̞̗͈̘̰̰͚̹̖̗̯͎̪͍̝̯͍̬̓͆̓̓̈̓ͪ̀̓̋͜S̡̩̺͔̞̻̹̣͋ͩͪ̍̂ͯ̈́̌́̽ͫ̋͌ͥ̔̀̏̉̈͢ ̵͌̐̐͛̀͒̀̊̽̎̊̀̉̿̚͏̘̦̮̗́D̷̘̗̫̦̭̪̼̗̠̪̤̜͕̆̉̎̅̋̉ͫͪͭ̏̅ͬ͂̚Ė̷̴͍͔̯̦͖̰̐͑ͬ̆̾ͩ͊ͯ̽ͬ̏͘͢͞A̡̡͉̳̺̱̭̥̯̪̫̭͖̹̓ͯ̾͒͐ͮ͌̉̽̾̃͑ͭ̏D̵̋ͩͨ͛ͩ̂̈́̔̉̉ͦ́͏̱͕̦͕̲͍̤̟͡ ̸̺̞̲̝̞̼͍̣̣̗̼̼̫̥ͣͪ͌͗̍͌͋̈́̂͞ͅ ̪̫̖̮̘̟̹̜͚̬͖̫̳̹̦̀̔̑ͫ̾ͤͪ͐̉̀͘̕ͅ
,Not Recommended,422970,30188335,Posted: 25 February,all,JoshuaVonNoctis,"As much as I tried to like this game, I couldn't. Nothing is explained.  It's not unqiue it's just very annoying."
,Not Recommended,422970,21827118,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Devil Daggers is a throwback to 90s fps games... sort of. It has a familiar aesthetic to the original Quake and intentionally tries to resemble an old software renderer.However the game plays much more like a first person bullet hell where you dodge projectiles while continuously firing. There isn't really any overall objective beyond staying alive longer and eventually unlocking more projectiles. There is also very little additional content beyond additional monsters and projectile attacks. You still inhabit the same square space dodging the same projectiles over and over, and if you die you restart.To be honest I kind of feel very disappointed with this game. I feel more in-love with the idea of a new Quake-style game in the modern day than I do playing a first person bullet hell. You can agree or disagree but I just wish the developer spent more time with it and fashioned actual levels and a goal to the game."
,Recommended,422970,21369927,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,i want to have sex with this game
76561198088752220,Recommended,422970,21720316,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Mike Oxlong,"Jesus Christ.While I know I would like this game even if it didn't give me nostalgia for the PSX days, because it's a really well-constructed little arcade game, it has an appeal to me that goes beyond even nostalgia. The clacking, wailing, screeching horrors of this game sort of trigger something deep in the recesses of my lizard brain. I guess it seems to me sort of like a game from a pearl-clutching anti-gaming TV movie. Like what Joe Leiberman or Hillary Clinton thought all games were. It has such a dark, foreboding, violent quality to it and it's so addictive that it's like what normies used to think gamers played all the time, back when being a 'gamer' was something to be ridiculed and not hip and trendy. People often compare it to Quake, which I suppose isn't entirely unfair, although Quake never gave me anywhere near the adrenaline rush Devil Daggers does. The fact that I only bought it a few days ago and I've already spent almost three hours playing a game in which I have yet to last longer than two minutes in a single session certainly illustrates something about the grip it's got on me.Beyond all that, it's ridiculously well-designed in pretty much every way. 'Retro' is a big thing in gaming recently, and I usually hate it, but I've never seen anyone do it precisely this way. It's interesting that the PSX is probably the biggest reference point for me in terms of the software-rendered visual style this game revels in, since at the time the PSX was big I didn't have one. I only bought one near the end of its life cycle. During the heyday of the PSX, I was gaming on a high-end PC with a 3D accelerator, and sneering at all my friends who only had consoles. Had this been an exclusive, as so often happened in those days, this would have been one of the ones that would slap that sneer off my face. This game wears its visual style well, and it's perfectly suited to the dull color palette of the game and its various nightmarish creatures.The sound, as noted by many, is a thing of glory. It reminds me of games even older than the controversial games of my childhood, games I never got to see in an arcade, like Battlezone or Missile Command or Tempest with their thumps and drones and throbs. Tempest can probably even be viewed as a distant ancestor of this game in more than a few ways. I can just imagine Devil Daggers' nightmarish cracklings, grindings, and wails seething through mall arcades somewhere in the depths of the mid-90s. If someone ever cared to port this to a cabinet, it would be more than worth it.Like the best arcade games, the gameplay itself is ridiculously simple to pick up and horrifically complex to even be competent at, much less master. The weapon you wield is powerful, but if you stop moving or lose focus for even a second, it can mean death. There are so many different intermixing strategies for dealing with the various monsters that have to be balanced and combined at all times to have any chance of success, you have to empty your mind before the onslaught begins. And I wish I hadn't accidentally read about the jewel power-ups, because I feel like I unintentionally cheated. Figuring out how that worked on my own would have caused me to get wrecked even more often than I did when initially starting, and I would have enjoyed coming to the conclusion organically.I guess one of my only complaints about this game, and don't interpret this as a refusal to git gud, because I'm certainly working on it, is that echolocation, the ability to gauge the positions of things based on sound, plays a massive role in staying alive from moment to moment even beyond figuring out and managing the interlocking strategies required to deal with the different monsters. Not a huge problem, except that not everyone is equal in terms of the ability to echolocate, so some sort of map or at least proximity indicator apart from just sound or the monsters turning orange wouldn't have been a terrible option.TL;DR it's great. If you like arcade games or are nostalgic for the kind of graphics on display or just the kind of guy or girl who wants to beat everyone's time and show us all how inferior we are, buy it. As someone mentioned in the discussion, if you played it in an arcade, your money would be gone in five minutes and you'd still walk out pumped up, covered in sweat, squinting at the light of the outside world, and smiling ear to ear. You may not do that irl ever again, if you live in Murrica at least, but this can get you somewhere close to that sublime euphoria."
76561198126504087,Not Recommended,422970,31165582,Posted: 15 April,all,Lardo Retardo,shallow for a game thats meant to be shallow. It's that♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,422970,33533774,Posted: 14 July,all,Tigerwaw,"Technically, it's a good game; It has good controls, it plays well, and it looks nice, but for me there's not enough to it. It gets boringextremelyfast and I'd quite honestly refund it if I could."
,Not Recommended,422970,24199025,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,RedPandaPaws,Might be worth buying when theres more content.
,Not Recommended,422970,34420168,Posted: 22 August,all,Nuclear Family Force Five,"once you've played it, you've played it."
76561198003351268,Not Recommended,422970,22390357,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Necrotard,"Look really cool, but I can't get it to run properly.The game only displays in a tiny window in the top left corner of my screen.  Hitting CTRL+F just puts it in a smal, warped window.  I see others complaining about this with no solution.  There are also no display settings in the Options menu in the game.Will change this review if display options are put into the game."
,Not Recommended,422970,23301883,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Charlie,"Not enough content to justify a $5 purchase. Seems like it could be a survival mode for a larger game, but unfortunately it's not."
76561198111680705,Not Recommended,422970,21944434,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Argeos,"The game is ok, but the replayability is low.I will never be able to get 1 hour in this game. So far, not even 1 minute.So I do consider it a 5-10 times experience. I suggest you try the game using a friends account to see if  you like it or not."
,Not Recommended,422970,29365786,Posted: 19 January,all,Cowbo,I just got the achivement but actually didn't. Sick game.
76561198257799505,Not Recommended,422970,30248458,Posted: 28 February,all,IM HANNIBAL YEAH YEAH,It was a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretty boring and repetitive no real storyline or lore to the game... and felt the game mechanics to be unusable at times
,Not Recommended,422970,30534849,Posted: 15 March,all,Mithrandir,Gets boring after 30 mins 😕 should be sold at 99cents.
76561198082959567,Not Recommended,422970,22363306,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BurgerKrieg,Remember when games where short and incredibly difficult? If you buy this game you dont need to remember because you can expreience it over and over.Is it fun then? No.Some people will like it.Sadists.And maybe Satanists.
76561197990570513,Not Recommended,422970,24714753,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Museroom[MO],>15secs = boring
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,422970,31901834,Posted: 22 May,all,Twosday,"Do you enjoy playing games for 30~ seconds at a time? If so this is the game for you! If not, avoid like the plague."
76561198051887753,Not Recommended,422970,33353640,Posted: 7 July,all,eddrr372,review[h2]1st person herding and shooting flying skulls game.given the simplicity of both aesthetic and controls I wouldn't recommend it to everyone!the similarity to DGs adventures was what drew me in though for sure.
76561197972361484,Not Recommended,422970,31911298,Posted: 22 May,all,Howl,"""Spiders and Daggers"" ReviewShort: You can put this dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥away and play a better fps. And not be wasting time.Played enough. Seen enough. Should be called ""Spiders and Daggers"" because they're the enemy that varies the difficulty simply out of slight invicibility(miss target? get punished WAY HARDER with a curled up invicible spider ball you have to wait on to hit....) and can throw off kill-time(I can easily beat half the scores in the world and the game is still too hard simply bc of 1 and only 1 enemy(also, might as well start over if the spider curls up just once)). If it was just the other enemies, this game would be a big big dissapointment, anyways. Seeing how the spiders are the most unreasonably hard(for being a massive priority-they steal your upgrades) and, again, they can curl up and f*** you up so bad that the player might as well start right the f*** back over. The rest of the game looks cool. Not worth the frustration over one enemy's bad gimmic.The leviathans would be cool to shoot at, but the spiders spawn in 3's at that point, steal your upgrades and makes Devil Daggers into Spider Daggers. If you don't have level 3 through Farming(and the game doesn't say you can farm, it requires other people's gameplays to help explain the game). I was happy up to the Farming being a necessity. Why can't I just beat a bunch of enemies and be rewarded?Pros: not a hefty price, at least a few hours of fun...Cons: the game is pacman w/gun and infinite ghosts(oh and a spider that changes things up to help things appear as a ""full game"")"
,Not Recommended,422970,30046985,Posted: 19 February,all,##f #,too scary
,Not Recommended,422970,21446442,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hydra,"While this game does what it attempts to do very well, the design is good and the rythm almost perfect, but its very lackluster in content, even for an indie game. Its a very superficial piece of a game that offers basically this : the same ephemeral loop over and over until you eventually give up, there's no variety, no level design and alas a lot of doom and quake mods are able to scratch just the same itch while delivering a more consistent experience for less of your money.TLDR: Good but lacking in content and variety."
,Not Recommended,422970,24954667,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Chemical Taint,"As a fan of classic shooters like Doom, Quake, Hexen and so on, I was drawn to the asthetics and design of this game in addition to it's low price point. Does the game appeal to me? - Yes. Do I enjoy the game? - No. I did not realize the game was a complete e-peen leaderboard fest. I thought there would be more substance to the game. At the time of writing I have sunk about 4 hours into the game and have only survived a maximum of 70 seconds in a round. That max time was achieved on mysecondtry. Which means survival is purely based on the luck of emeny spawns or that I have done progressively worse, the more I play. I am not sure how long people can enjoy playing in the same circular arena, fighting the same enemies over and over but the reviews for this game are very positive overall, so I suppose that is what the majority of people like. If there were different arenas or unlockables in the game I'd be inclined to spend more time with it. If the devs ever release a single campaign I would certainly pick that up as well, but overall I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,422970,21581150,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,jericho,"Sadly, I can't recommend Devil Daggers.Pros:- Cool aesthetic- Old-school gameplayCons:- Every time the cycle of the enemy spawns is the same (there's only one level)- Basically, two shooting modes: shotgun and beam- No soundtrackWhat comes as a result is that the game becomes repetitive insanely fast since your lifespan is so short. Essentially you play the same experience with barely any variables until you die and restart. After a lot of attempts the appeal wears off and it's a huge shame because there's a lot of unrealized potential in this game."
,Not Recommended,422970,21816095,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,komlev88,"There is no variety, simple as that. I can understand difficulty, I like difficult games, but enemies is always the same and all in the same places, you are always practicing one and only level. No randomness, no variety gets really boring."
,Not Recommended,422970,22151997,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BrofessorScales,"oops, I pressed the wrong button"
76561197970705636,Not Recommended,422970,28107142,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,"Boring and uninspired gameplay, the overwhelmingly positive reviews are nowhere justified.You keep doing the same, except move in more chaotic patterns to dodge enemy skulls.I would have played more to find out wether spawn-points of enemies are random or fixed,but frankly the repetitive, grindy gameplay and lack of any sort of progression feels highly unrewarding.Numbers on a scoreboard aren't rewarding! Nor is having to compare yourself to a friend with 60+ hours into the game who beat your score manyfold.Without rhyme or reason."
,Not Recommended,422970,23093915,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Fat Bear,"This game has overwhelming reviews so I was thinking oh this must be a ""complete"" game. No. You're spending 5 bucks to run around a linear square-like arena at classic FPS speed while shooting the same enemies over and over. Taking a single hit kills you and you start over. No upgrades. No point in the scoring system. There's nothing. And the game has nothing to do with daggers. It's weak as♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the developers. Game should be free."
76561197973279289,Not Recommended,422970,30287247,Posted: 2 March,all,Gonad,"Can't see what you're doing, you'll only survive 30 seconds and if you wander off the edge of the tiny and ill-defined playing area you can't climb back up even if you restart the game.  Meh.  At least it was on offer so that's only £1.99 down the drain.  Wish I could like it as I loved Quake, but that was, and still is,  so much better."
,Not Recommended,422970,31372465,Posted: 26 April,all,gobobaby,too scary ;(
,Not Recommended,422970,21334554,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BOT Leeroy Jenkins,"good game so far, wish it had more enemies or content. granted that i barely started and managed to get a little far. so what i can say is what you see in the video sample is pretty much what you get.I gave this game a pitty buy and i am not disappointed since its fun but it feels like its missing so much stuff. You can say i bought it because it looked scaryafter playing more, i notice new stuff going on but i also notice that power ups sometimes bounce off the map or monsters spawn right behind you. wish there was an option to increase viewing settings or having third person capabilities.this games reminds me of one hit death zombies. you just train them in hope you dont die randomly by a sudden hit"
,Not Recommended,422970,24177848,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cammy,"what is fun? baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more"
76561198211143431,Not Recommended,422970,33039467,Posted: 30 June,all,raymaK,want fast-paced game then there are tons of them with many levels and stuffwant difficult game then play dark soulsits good in beginning but you get bored from doing hte same thing over and over againi give this game 2 hours worth of play dosnt matter if you get that hard achivment or not you give up on the game
76561198232585072,Not Recommended,422970,32813832,Posted: 26 June,all,Deets,This game I thought would be fun but it's not I played it for a few rounds. I was left unsatisfied. Don't buy it you can buy another game for 4.99.
,Not Recommended,422970,21328942,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Upy-Shoe,"This game could learn somthing from geometry wars. Rewarding the player with extra lifes after a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of points stack up, or a screen clearing bomb makes these games work better and feel far more rewarding. Theres no stratagy to this game. You simply just play till a enemy spawns inside of you, learning nothing."
,Not Recommended,422970,21644077,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cubetwok,"While I'm a fan of Serious Sam/Doom/Quake running-and-gunning style gameplay, I'm not a fan of ""take one hit, you're dead and must restart all over"" gameplay."
76561197969420923,Not Recommended,422970,34463699,Posted: 24 August,all,KillingYouGuy,"Guess I just don't get what everyone likes about this game, it feels like a bad iPhone game - terrible graphics and repetetive boring gameplay don't make up for the rather fluid 'combat'."
76561198071986365,Not Recommended,422970,21742795,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Eron,Never has there been a bigger waste of time.  Unistall.
,Not Recommended,422970,23000546,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Stevie Steve,It's just not fun
76561198065054598,Not Recommended,422970,33153030,Posted: 2 July,all,davesothoth,Basically just a browser game with barely any content.
,Not Recommended,422970,33894849,Posted: 29 July,all,Dumb Bunny,FAST
76561198038018552,Not Recommended,422970,21320804,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,piecewise66,"Single room.Insta-death pit surrounding said roomLighting so dim you can't see the edge until you've run right off it.Two weapons.This is a ♥♥♥♥ing prototype, not a full 5 dollar game.  Which is really unfortunate because the atmosphere, enemies and sound design are great. It's spooky and ominous as ♥♥♥♥.  Turn this into a Painkiller style game with actual levels and different weapons and you've got a classic. As it is, it's just a massively overpriced demo.Alternatively, bring the price down to like 1-2 bucks and it works too. But there simply isn't enough content here to justify 5 dollars."
,Not Recommended,422970,33512765,Posted: 13 July,all,J!nxedAlpaca,I love how the enemies can randomly move faster than you when they're in your face.I love how this game acts like its hardcore even though it uses cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to kill you.I want my $5 back. This developer can go screw himself with a rusty spoon.
,Not Recommended,422970,34688291,Posted: 2 September,all,Ziggy,"2\10, not dark enough"
76561198078139503,Not Recommended,422970,29598954,Posted: 30 January,all,Tomes,No controller support.No soundtrack.No co-op.Three strikes. I'm out.
76561198108329422,Not Recommended,422970,21509124,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA,"Hey, let's give the player a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon to start with, a swarm of enemies he can't outrun and most importantly let's NOT mention that he will be given a new weapon every x seconds into the playthrough.At least the aesthetics are fine.2/10"
,Not Recommended,422970,21625235,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EXtraDonut,"A truly ""horrifying"" attempt at cashing in on the playstation era of retro gaming. Come on devs, you should know by now that if we wanted some kind of retro gaming throwback you would give us something akin to the Power Rangers game on the SNES, or Superfrog on the Amiiga. The playstation 1 era was in that weird awkward age were video games weren't exactly pixels, but weren't exactly polygons either. Back in the day they called these things ""voxels"" and holy jeez they are a mess to look at.The art style of this game even when you ignore the horrible graphics is just atrocious. I know we're shooting at demons and that's somewhat ok for someone who is catholic like me, but the player seems to be a disembodied demon hand regardless, so even if I am killing demons I am still a demon in the game...There is something deeply wrong with games these days when they need to cash in on fringe wants like ""playstation 1 era graphics"" or catering to the demonic youth of today's pop music generation. This game needs to die."
76561197968600988,Not Recommended,422970,22741141,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,WarToad,"It's not a ""game"".A game has: levels, a story, characters, different environments, a sense of progession, etc. etc. Pac-Man had more than all of those than this game. Asteroids, too. It's about on par with Pong.Does Devil Daggers play well? Sure it does. But it's much easier to make what is barely 1/10 of a level for most games balanced and smooth when that's all you have to worry about.If you want a ""time attack"" game with zero content, this fits the bill - BARELY. And $1 would be a better price. But the devs could have fleshed it out and used the basic mechanics to create a new classic (a la Doom/Hexen/and many other obvious inspirations) that would be remembered in 100 years. Instead we got a flash-in-the-pan game of the week. The ""if it's hard it must be  good crowd"" will defend this game until their (many) deaths.Cranking the difficulty up to 100000 doesn't mean that a game is well made.Maybe it is, but there's no way to know when the whole game world is one small square. If the first level of Doom was a one-hit kill arena that threw monsters at you endlessly it would not still be revered (and being made) today. Making games ultra-hard to artificially make them seem longer or somehow better is annoying. That's why real games (like Doom) have ""Nightmare"" mode. Best of both worlds.GFX-wise I love the style, but it often impedes playability.The pixelation gets really bad with so many enemies on screen and the 2ft draw distance make death from falling and unseen enemies/projectiles feel cheap.Summary: It's fine for what it is- a time attack demo, should only cost $1, and feels like a waste as whoever made it is talented but apparently not interested in making a full game. Maybe this is a better option, $$-wise.I bought is, played it a couple hours and shelved it. And I LOVE Geometry Wars, been playing it for ywars. So it's not the format- it's the game. It's not complelling, the artstyle gets old quick and deaths are often cheap because of said style. That never, ever happens in Geometry Wars."
,Not Recommended,422970,21673437,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,benly,...
,Not Recommended,422970,21539834,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,gamerstu,Stupid and pointless permadeath shooter. Probably some high-schooler's pet project.
,Not Recommended,422970,33020713,Posted: 29 June,all,kitsune361,Just no.
,Not Recommended,422970,24102228,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Atlaimond,"Goods and contras:(+) Fascinating atmosphere. ✓(+) Cheap. 4,99€ ✓(+) Simple control. ✓(-) Unplayable. ✗(-) Annoying hard. ✗(-) No any alternative play-style possibilities. ✗Crash, bug, glitch:It didn’t happened with me in two ours gameplay.My personally opinion:I bought this game because I though it would be great to play with it. Therefore, I voted up it inGreenlight.But, the game is annoying hard and doesn’t give you just one more possibility how to beat the enemies. Only just the players 0,02% are enough pro and talented to reach the higher levels and enjoy all the content what this game has.So, it’s pity because this game could be good if more player would be able to play with it.Otherwise, this game just left you a bad feeling to how much bad you are.Therefore, don’t waste your money in it, even if it’ll be free sometime.P.S. I will rethink my negative preview if the developer do something about it and gives us more possibilities to play.Recommendation:I’m not recommend this game to the 99.8% of the players. And to those who,Like to see and enjoy the games 100% of contents or almost all of them.Like to enjoy play in relax and not be beaten in 30 seconds.Like to feel that have a chance.To the Achievement-Hunters:I’m not recommend this game to any of Achievement-Hunter because of the reason above in the‘My personally opinion’section."
,Not Recommended,422970,33556662,Posted: 15 July,all,ThuleanPerspective,"Game is extremely bad, avoid it at all costs.CONS - uninspired, extremely boring, bad graphics, poor optimization, enemies kill you in 1 hit, unrealistic, no multiplayer, terrible price,  bad leaderboard, unreadable font and random icons that make no sense, no story or lore,  no soundtrack, extremely dumb featureless gameplay without any variety.PROS - THERE ARE NONE.Verdict: Do not purchase Devil Daggers under any circumstances. Remove people that own it from  your friends list and publically call them out. This game is a true ♥♥♥♥♥tain upon PC gaming and the fact that it has received enough attention to become available on Steam is an insult to all people out there with the slightest sense of self respect. If you have any interest in gaming whatsoever then barricade yourself from this atrocity and avoid it like the plague, also make sure to warn everyone you know of it before it is too late.Even if you get this game for free do not bother with it. It is not worth anyone's time. Literally any browser game on the internet is ways ahead of this utter crap.Beware of the dev sponsored shills that will try to defend this abortion."
,Recommended,422970,30416014,Posted: 9 March,all,let me die,"Albeit simple, this game is an intensely addictive and fast-paced arena shooter that can be enjoyed both in small sessions and hours at a time, the latter usually occurring by pure accident.When starting a game, one would expect to see an opening cinematic, tutorial or at least a title message, but Devil Daggers does none of that, starting with a basic menu screen and removing any unecessary filler that may be considered the norm for games nowadays. I'd like to think that this is because the game realises that isn't a deep, philosphical or particularly ambitious game on any account, and is rather meant to be experienced at face value: That being pure, unfiltered entertainment. I think that phrase sums up this entire game, personally; you won't be thinking about it for years to come, you likely won't discuss it for hours at a time, but you will have fun and isn't that really what matters when playing a game. I think the aesthetic simplicity of this game is one of its best aspects, as that makes it unintimidating for newcomers and easy to pick up and play casually after a long, stressful day.Technically speaking, Devil Daggers is a joy to play. Rythm-slowing reloading is completely scrapped, a decision mirroring the design of the 2016 adaptation of DOOM, and the strafing and movement is incredibly sharp and responsive, which is necessary in a game of such difficulty. The jumping also feels spectacular and allows the player character to feel affected by physics and weighty. Furthermore, the retro-esque visual design of the game deserves recognition, the surreal appearances of the monsters being both intimidating and simultaneously fun to shoot away at to the heart's content.Devil Daggers isn't a game that will be praised and remembered for the decades to come, very little games will, but for the time being it is a fantastically well-rounded game that you will likely enjoy for a good while. I know I certainly will."
,Recommended,422970,30424369,Posted: 10 March,all,NEUTRON,8/10 good and cheap game
,Recommended,422970,30478974,Posted: 12 March,all,Eternal Recurrence,"Infinite waves of enemies, an incredible feel of accomplishment when you hit a new high score, great mechanics, Devil Daggers its a videogame in his most pure form.Pros:-Amazing gameplay-High level of skill required to master-Great graphics with an artstyle ala Quake and Doom-Extremely funCons:-Nothing.For me Devil Daggers its close to being perfect in what it does.10/10"
76561198044672149,Recommended,422970,30535531,Posted: 15 March,all,Delicious_Boys,I thought I could survive for 3 minutes easily. I was wrong. Not even my Quake skills could save me from endless hell. 10/10
,Recommended,422970,30545116,Posted: 16 March,all,Clownpiece,The best and cheapest FPS arcade you'll ever play.
,Recommended,422970,30676949,Posted: 22 March,all,Chapel,"Brutally difficult game that will make you screech, Not very fun."
,Recommended,422970,30672504,Posted: 22 March,all,Bad at Tekken,Killing floor on heroin + Quake on steroids
76561198040337385,Recommended,422970,30678319,Posted: 22 March,all,JACKDETH5150,It's one of those games you play a few times a week for a few minutes.
,Recommended,422970,30617085,Posted: 19 March,all,Whoneedspacee,"Works really well, basically no lag and aiming feels very smooth. Difficult, you will find yourself improving and losing repeatedly, but seeing yourself climb tons of ranks on the leaderboards in one go just from improving a few seconds feels very satisfying.Many have given up, will you?"
76561198014493888,Recommended,422970,30617440,Posted: 19 March,all,Ahadihunter1,I was killed by demons....
76561198138462652,Recommended,422970,30613967,Posted: 19 March,all,MemeMachine,"Very fun game, good for quick rounds when you're bored and the movement system is feels amazing, plus you could literally run it on a potato"
76561198088309677,Recommended,422970,30583364,Posted: 17 March,all,Homophobic Homosexual Homosapien,"10/10 game rage alot, can't last a minute...."
76561198323432487,Recommended,422970,30582078,Posted: 17 March,all,Animosity,"clearly a good mixture of addicting, challenging and over all a very cool game"
,Recommended,422970,30578360,Posted: 17 March,all,Daedrin,"Devil Daggers, holy crap what a game.  Prepare for an intense, repeating series of seconds where you don't blink and most importantly, you don't stop moving!  This low pixel, arcade style throwback is simple in it's design and brutal in it onslaught of baddies and wicked creepoids.  Best I could do was about 90 seconds.  Prepare to invest serious time to get to 500 seconds and score the one achievement.  This game will sharpen your skills in other games as well.  Totally worth picking up!"
76561198018825487,Recommended,422970,30573815,Posted: 17 March,all,CRIMSØN,"Fun and unforgiving.This game had my pulse throbbing with each second. It is an intense FPS experience that has you begging for more. Although it is awfully difficult, it can be frustrating at times. If you do enjoy a kick in the♥♥♥♥♥from time to time, then you will surely endore the ruthless fun game that is Devil Daggers. It is an addictive experience that doesnt seem to wear off. Everytime you gain a higher score, you say to yourself ""hmm, maybe just one more round"". This is the ideal game for people who like hard games. It is a nice throwback to the good FPS days like Unreal Tournament and Quake.Pros:Detailed & Horrifying ArtstyleSimple & Beautiful GraphicsSmooth & Flawless ControlsExcellent Sound DesignCons:Slight Lack Of Additional Content (not a big deal)"
76561197989740730,Recommended,422970,30631023,Posted: 20 March,all,OWLS,You know how when you play a lot of Tetris or Guitar Hero your dreams start to take the form of the game?
,Recommended,422970,30694099,Posted: 23 March,all,Havnoch,"It's a fairly simple game. There isn't WAAAAY too much going on, but it's a pretty good time waster.My only problem with this game is the lack of features. Other than that, the game is fine."
76561198086947530,Recommended,422970,22102617,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mad Duck Strangler,A simulator where you play as a man who is starting to feel the effects of PCP laced LSD before walking into a Day of the Dead festival.
,Recommended,422970,30481914,Posted: 12 March,all,Anvixiel,"Incredibly difficult game, that will keep you engaged  with short - Respawn  then death - repetition.I was horrible at aiming in FPS games when I got this, and now I'm sort of okay-ish.Played for several hours worth of game-time now and can make it 190 something seconds longer than I could the first time I played. Which was somewhere around 5 seconds.10/10 would get thrashed again."
,Recommended,422970,21514715,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Yami Yugi,"Everytime I play, my body tingles with tension and fear.10/10 would be purged again."
,Recommended,422970,21515601,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fork,"Everything about Devil Daggers feels and sounds great. Movement is simply on point, and the noises made by hitting enemies or making them pop is satisfying. A really cool touch is that as you get more and more powerful the daggers you shoot will be screaming. It’s a subtle touch that adds to the pure chaos going on in later stages.It’s an addictive game that’s sunk its teeth in to many already, and I’m not ashamed to say I’m one of its victims. It’s a game that requires you to pay attention and learn the patterns of enemies as well as your own tactics to use against them. As of recording, the current world-record of time is held by a player named DraQu with a grand total of 585.3 seconds. It’s one of the most insane things I’ve seen, you should check out the run.I can only imagine how crazy things get beyond that, and I can’t wait to see how far people get as they get better at the game.Check out my video review for more details:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e_3h57lulg"
,Recommended,422970,21514852,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Megabound,The best arena shooter you'll play for a minute at a time.
,Recommended,422970,21514889,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Yah Boi Ed,Best played with Angel of Death by Slayer.
,Recommended,422970,21515463,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TahBahFah,This game is genius.
76561198010265819,Recommended,422970,21378651,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,blub,this is an arcade game for quake players.10/10
76561198074890729,Recommended,422970,21513097,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,dattson510,"This game pisses me off. It brings back the frustration of Robotron 2084 (one of my favorite games of all time). This game is hard. This game will not only put you in your place, it'll put you down. This game will destroy you. It's all about survival.One more round.I love this game"
76561198044766554,Recommended,422970,21510187,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Raven,"After playing maybe a dozen different games of Devil Daggers, I got a cramp in my hand. Very very intense."
,Recommended,422970,21510567,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Temmietori,Intense.
,Recommended,422970,21511806,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Venom Juppé,"simple game: shoot and get reckt in less than 60 seconds. Only 3 people worldwide made it to the ""end"" (which is surviving 500 seconds), so give it a try only if you got these appendix called balls."
,Recommended,422970,21512208,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Barbados Slim,"This game is straight gangsta. You shoot knives out of your fingertips at crazy nightmares yo, it's baller. 13/6 would play a second time."
,Recommended,422970,21512513,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Samurai Jack TH,"There are not a lot of games that fully realizes the vision. It is rare to see a game that deserves their claim for ""inspiration""; being inspired by something. You actually feel that inspiration in Devil Daggers."
76561198095024890,Recommended,422970,21499656,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FML,"I seriously wish this kind of low polygon graphics, was an art style. This game looks, sounds, and plays great, everything is smooth an very fluid and has a sort of rythim. buy this game, it's 5 bucks, if you are a fan of old school shooters like doom and quake and things, get this."
,Recommended,422970,21485011,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TheExplodedGamer,This game is amazing
,Recommended,422970,21485053,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,White Devil,"Simple as hell, addictive too.Its like Crack for gameheadz."
,Recommended,422970,21815135,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,dimihamuzu,"If this is what hell is like, then i better start sinnin'"
,Recommended,422970,21840163,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Pandy,.
76561198106107914,Recommended,422970,21782223,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ego_sin_trick,"Wow! This game makes me feel like I just climbed the rope in gym class. Straight up adrenaline boner without the akward shower afterwards. Simple and sweet old school action that gets the blood pumping. Doom meets Lovecraft mixed with pixelated crack. See if you can last a minute. I would gladly pay twice the cash, seriously 10 to the 10th out of ten. BAM!"
,Recommended,422970,21837233,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Miecio,"*First death*Just one more try...*35h later*I can do it, I can see you, achivement!*few weeks later*I can hear those skulls, 24/75/7 not bad. Buy it."
76561198042369831,Recommended,422970,21837261,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Wanda ½,"Highly addicting. Side effects include dizziness, hand cramps and night terrors."
,Recommended,422970,21395140,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Solaris,The horror of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ton of skulls and odd skeleton formations all trying to kill you... I can only survive about two minutes tops...
,Recommended,422970,21396030,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Logan Handsome Pants,This game feels great to play and compete against your friends. The style and sound are very well realised and it deserves your money. If we don't see a sequel or a spin off in the next year I would be very surprised and disappointed. This needs to continue.
,Recommended,422970,21396521,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Yer Ma,Seen a load of videos and coverage of this had to play it and it didnt disappoint. This game is hard but in the short time i've played i seen some real progress and developed an understanding. Simple and pure game design at a good price point. Anyone intoplaying  serious sam or painkiller on hard mode could really get a kick out of this.
,Recommended,422970,21392666,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Drunken Heretic,"Shoot knives out of your glowing hand at spooky scary skeletons to unleash your ultimate power of shooting even more knives out of your glowing hand at spooky scary skeletons and survive long enough to help Satan finally cut his steak with the finest cutlery Hell has to offer. But look out, the skeletons are jealous of your Hell's Kitchen™ brand cutlery and will do anything to steal it from your greasy, dimly lit fingertips!All in all, a fantastic survival game. Being in the top 700 cutlery sellers has never felt so good."
76561197992782619,Recommended,422970,21417526,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,fallout1588,Basically the kind game your mom warned you about.
76561197999062646,Recommended,422970,21419435,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,DJ Bedroom,Got ♥♥♥♥ed by like 10 polygons.Best game ever.
,Recommended,422970,21415398,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[CSGC] Turok,Worth the 5$
,Recommended,422970,21415447,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Spooks?,Not for those that have issues managing time or devils.
,Recommended,422970,21417138,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Sriracha,Easily one of the best single-player games I've played recently.
,Recommended,422970,21418534,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zaranell,"The simplicity of the game's mechanics and exclusion of varying levels or game modes belies Devil Daggers' addictive replayability. I've never been one to chase a high score - the number of games where I've been remotely interested in pursuing a better score (without reward of in-game unlockables) can probably be counted on one hand, and there's never been a game in which I actively cared about my position on the global leaderboards. Devil Daggers is the sole exception to this."
,Recommended,422970,21418541,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"I was going to put some sort of joke comparing the length of time it takes for me to die in this game, with something sexual, but there are so many possible self-disparaging jokes that could be made, I am unable to choose one that strikes a delicate balance between being funny, and being within community standards."
,Recommended,422970,21418661,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TheHucks,This game is worth it just for watching replays. 666/10 would play via replay again.
76561198068902129,Recommended,422970,21414087,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,NarcissusBloom,"Super awesome atmospheric FPS bullet hell. I've only played about a half hour and can barely beat the first four enemies, but GOD-DAMN! is this game fun and it sucks you in with its amazingly cohesive aesthetic! If more designers and programmers realized it doesnt take millions of dollars to create something beautiful and fun, so many big name, long standing developers wouldn't be in the sinkhole they are right now."
76561197971192390,Recommended,422970,21414172,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ztx,Don't ask!Just buy and play!
,Recommended,422970,21414477,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,uncolober,"tl;dr I loved the aesthetics and really enjoyed the game initially, but after a while it got seriously tedious. In the end, I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. Certainly worth its price, though, hence the positive rating.Pros:+ Brilliant aesthetics. I loved both graphics and sound.+ Feels great to play. Satisfying weapons, satisfying controls, satisfying enemy deaths.Cons:- Difficulty spikes. 99% of my games ended at between 40 and 50 seconds, where there's a sudden spike. I knew I had to find a strategy that worked to proceed, but after a while it got so tiresome I couldn't make myself continue playing. (My best is just 87 seconds.)- One too few weapon options.- Feels like you see everything there is to it in under a couple of minutes.- There are nice audio tells for enemies attacking off-screen, but, apparently, half of the time they don't work.I love challenging games. I play lots of retro games, quite a bit of which I master. But one of the thing a truly hard game needs, along with a lot of other stuff, of course, is a steady and even difficulty curve and a steady sense of progressions. When the player loses, it's always good if at the same time it feels like they're learning something. When one plays a game like the 8-bit Ninja Gaiden 3, one might lose a lot and be forced to restart the game, but each time they get a little farther and learn to beat previously beated parts a little more efficiently. This brings a sense of progress that, in my opinion, can often make or break a truly challenging game."
,Recommended,422970,21352664,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dio,"YOU! YES YOU! Do you like circle strafing? do you like doom.... do you like spooky skelebones. Well this game is for you, also being a masochist is requires. so um yeah buy it."
,Recommended,422970,21345579,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Caseman,"Features traits of the best games: Easy to pick up, insane to master. Systems that seem simple but hide some complexity beneath the surface. Art style that draws on a lot of existing tropes but with a unique twist. Awesome sound design.Play this damn game."
,Recommended,422970,21357451,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DonsSword,"Devil Daggers is the Super Hexagon of the new old-school FPS.Dead simple mechanics, impossible odds, over in mere moments. Let's play just one more round.Not for the easily frustrated"
,Recommended,422970,21353438,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jallen,"This is a very simple game but it is extremely addictive and easy to pick up for just a few minutes (if you can bring yourself to put it down again) as each game is relatively short. The mechanics feel excellent, everything looks and sounds awesome and I love the old quake-like style. Very fun, I think it's great for building FPS skills as well."
,Recommended,422970,21438819,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,a plastic chair,"Great atmosphere, this is  a fast paced, action packed bit of fun For $5, definetly worth it.*spooky warningspooky/10"
76561197975881858,Recommended,422970,21557249,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Snark,"If you are reading this right now, you have made a mistake.  You should be playing Devil Daggers RIGHT.  NOW."
,Recommended,422970,21503521,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,likwidtek,FUUUUUUU this game is so hard.
,Recommended,422970,21503660,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Barak the Magik Seakow,"Very little needs to be said about this game.  It is an arcade, high-score attack shooter where you're perched on a hellish platform, using a machinegun/shotgun hybrid against massive hordes of demons.This game is unique, in the sense that it is amazing because of its simplicity.  What you see in the trailer is effectively the only stuff in the game.  If you are a content junkie, then maybe give this game a pass.However, what you see here is a PERFECT example of quality over quantity.  The developers, rather than cramming extra features in, took a teeny golden nugget, concentrated and crammed all the greatness they could, and released a tiny, but shining gem.  It doesn't do much, but what this game does do, is effectively perfection.What exactly makes this game so great anyway?This game is so satisfying, so intense, so crunchy that it is hard to ever get tired of it.  Additionally, the atmosphere is absolutely amazing.  Get chills down your spine as you see flocks of demons and devils swarming towards you, as you hear their heavy breathing getting louder and louder.The difficulty here is beautiful.  Beads of sweat will dot your face as you frantically jump about and slaughter everything facing you.  You will close the game panting and thinking ""h-h-oly...""  chug an energy drink and play this, and the power you'll feel is insane.Something you hear too many games boast about is ""fast paced classic fps action!! Just like doom and quake!! THROWBACK!!!""  And then they were lying, as the game reaks of modern slow-paced boredom.  But no-this game is a TRUE testament to the original days of quake.  It is strongly reminiscent.Overall, as long as you're fine with minimal content, this is a game that energy-junkies and gothic theme-enjoyers will absolutely adore.  Totally worth the asking price, and you likely will not regret it."
,Recommended,422970,21576904,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,CoolTem | REKT,I'm so scared; I'm so excited
,Recommended,422970,21478669,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Don Miljenko,"Tried the game for a couple of hours, and had alot of fun.Even if the game is pretty repetitive, it still has something about it that will make you get stuck on your computer screen for hours trying to beat your highscore. Also the game can get a bit on your nerves as you keep dying and dying, and not really getting any closer to beating that highscore you set before out of pure luck. Definitely worth a buy..."
,Recommended,422970,21480453,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,hass,"this game is the best wrist-breaking simulator i've ever played, so addictive"
,Recommended,422970,21469562,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,meta,"Devil Daggers is a very solid video game where you pick a really cool looking yet ominous dagger and try to survive longer than your friends at not dying to several types of demons that oddly resemble skulls. Staying alive for enough will get you even more cool looking daggers to show off to all of your buddies like trophies.If you like showing off how much of a big boy you are to all your friends, this is definitely the game for you!Also guest starring the skulls parasite unit"
,Recommended,422970,21466414,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Pyriana,Do you like shooting stuff?Do you like not dieing?Do you like competing with other people on a leaderboard?Do you believe violence is caused by video games?Why are you reading this review?Play the damn game.
,Recommended,422970,21444617,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,DeviousJam,"It's like being teleported to the final stage of a doom/quake game that never got made on the hardest difficulty. All your weapons have been stripped from you and everything is dark apart from one final power-up. The ability to shoot infinite daggers from your hands!The enemies come at you with no remorse and there's tons of them, this is an incredible challenge and it's definately a ''just one more'' type of game! Makes you want to progress to see what other types of enemies there are and come up with new strategies of running about....firing daggers from your hands. Incredible game requires a ton of focus and the leaderboard stuff is great at making you want to be better at what is seemingly impossible.Good luck getting that one achievement."
76561198065514780,Recommended,422970,21444799,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,mikep621,Excellent sound design and frustratingly addictive gameplay. Got a best of 45 seconds so far!!
,Recommended,422970,21468766,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,prahanormal,second best seleton game ive played
76561198001978138,Recommended,422970,21447504,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Space Asshole,METAL. AS. ♥♥♥♥.
76561198015505230,Recommended,422970,30714567,Posted: 24 March,all,Atomic_toast,"Such a fun indie game. I've never seen another game like it-- the gameplay, the graphics, the environment are all very unique. If you're up for an enjoyable arcade fps, definitly try out Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,422970,21439940,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Spychopat,One last run and i'm going to bed ...
76561198014266194,Recommended,422970,21437024,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,The Godfather,"devil daggers is addicting, but hard as hell. Makes you want to try again and again. Also when certain creatures come up, it'll give you the creeps alright."
76561197964258455,Recommended,422970,21430410,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Airborne_Panda,"Highly addictive, but over time you start to see some of its flaws.  Unfortunately, random spawning of obstacles in a game where you spend 90% of your time running backwards inevitably means that there is a hefty slice of luck involved in success.  You can certainly get better with practice and the game rewards persitence, but that high score you got?  Probably down to blind chance.Still absolutely worth the money, it's a great game, but be aware that there are mechanical flaws to the design.  Short of adding a third person mode (which would, of course, make it an entirely different beast) it's hard to see how the influence of luck could be reduced.  Until then, it's just a case of repeatedly retrying until you get THAT go."
,Recommended,422970,21430433,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,TEAM COCO,rad game
,Recommended,422970,21439187,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DovhakiiN,Spent the best 49 seconds of my life........10/10 will spend a lot more!
76561197997874431,Recommended,422970,21439282,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SpeakingBeast,"Great game - very challenging.  Has a 90's arcade feel to it.  Cool atmosphere, satisfying SFX and Graphics.  Definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,422970,21449962,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Yes!,"the scariest game i have ever played since i played the previous scariest game i had ever played which was time splitters oh my god the dagger's are terrifying they dagger me in the dance floor and its absolutely stressful. anyway, this game is one of those games where you have to shot demons so if you like shot demins then you will be at peace here. across 200 levels, find yourself and discover what really goes on behind the scenes at compute company 'appel inc.'. jony ivve gives this 4/10 because its not simple and elegent anuf but i give it 8/10 because its just right for me. it reminds me of the 90s when everything was beautiful except video game graphicks which were not."
,Recommended,422970,21451805,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,voidwarranty,"You don't get better at Devil Daggers, the game just shows you one second of pity before putting you back in your place."
,Recommended,422970,21452138,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,MVDL,"""Devil Daggers"" is super fun. It looks impressive, rounds are quick and the sound design is stellar. I very much recommend it."
,Recommended,422970,21452186,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,denim chicken,"this game is fun as ♥♥♥♥, buy it"
,Recommended,422970,21451981,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,takua108,"If Geometry Wars was released in the 80s, this is what Quake would've looked like.Playing Devil Daggers is like stroking John Romero's luxurious mane with one hand and giving Fata1ity a handjob with the other. The two are playing 1v1 Rocket Arena on bulky, 24"" beige CRTs. Somewhere behind you, Trent Reznor is getting way too into making discordant sounds with a distorted, detuned guitar and demonic-sounding backmasked vocal samples. The weird drugs they gave you are starting to set in, and you're not entirely sure whether or not you're enjoying yourself, but you keep going anyways.Absolute genius from top to bottom."
,Recommended,422970,21452320,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Turnip,"You're probably judging the graphics:""I'm not paying $5 for a lofi P.O.S. indie game""Let me tell you how wrong I was+snappy controls+amazing 3D sound effects+unique enemies+different mechanics for everything+2 functional weapons (shotgun & machine gun... er dagger)+tons of stats on each run+leaderboard progress notification+90s vibezzzas for the cons....-rage inducingly hard-cant stop thinking about it-graphical fidelity (i guess)"
76561198256693581,Recommended,422970,21448852,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,tylercurtis457,i just played this game for a hour stright and i didnt even notice the time lol awesome game for the price great job!!!!
,Recommended,422970,21431239,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,K4tz,"I can only recommend this game if you enjoy fast paced, arcade like games.The goal of this game is to survive as long as you can. This, in combination with a very well made, built in leaderboard keeps you going, trying to improve the further you go.The atmosphere of this game is truly unique. There's no soundtrack while playing, but there's a very interesting sound landscape consisting of different enemy sounds that you need to use in order to survive."
,Recommended,422970,21435683,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mr. 1-5,"A fun, leaderboard clmbing game. REALLY REALLY HARD, It isn't for everyone."
,Recommended,422970,21466013,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ImplosiveFire,Sadomasochistic quake nostalgia. 10/10
76561198063678110,Recommended,422970,21466161,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BigPhilly257,Let's be honest. We all bought this game because we heard only one guy in the world ever earned its achievement.
,Recommended,422970,21466622,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,fishgeekted,Game over man... GAME OVER!
,Recommended,422970,21468357,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SWEER POTATO,"Saw some skulls flying around, shot some daggers from my fingers, a spider was there.Good times."
,Recommended,422970,21467211,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PoeticEnd,Awesome game and well worth the money if you like climbing leaderboards and improving your highscore. Crazy hard. Seriously crazy hard.
76561198025471250,Recommended,422970,21453473,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,KillasaurasRex,This game.... will defeat you. Only 1 achievement... Only 1 person to have it. Get it and die. Alot.
76561197990898412,Recommended,422970,21454853,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tann,Really great and challenging game. I love trying to master a game and this is really built for that. There's no progression; each time you start off with nothing; you just have to get better!The art style is cool and they really nailed the audio.
,Recommended,422970,21455119,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Totemablade,The goal is to live long enough to see the new things that will kill you! Addicting and great to watch the strategies of people on the top of the leader board.
,Recommended,422970,21455121,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,_Dune_,hell has no binds on me
,Recommended,422970,21487734,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Deano,I survived for 160 seconds and ran out of breath...
,Recommended,422970,21488247,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Locket Rauncher,get this game
76561198122779330,Recommended,422970,21575655,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Butth0rn64,this game is cool as hell
,Recommended,422970,21576245,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Patty O' Furniture,"For me, it's one of those love hate games. I'm always worked up after a run, but yet I restart and try and beat my highscore. For anyone that thought that Dark Souls was too much of a casual expierience, then you should purchase this game."
,Recommended,422970,21576695,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,joewidd,Best way to increase stress and kill some time.
,Recommended,422970,21555127,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Electric Wizard,Best game.
76561197963465407,Recommended,422970,21562458,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,>>>Finlander<<<,Awesome and challenging game :DRecommended 10/10Best leaderboard system so far in singlaplayer :)
76561198030349367,Recommended,422970,21558011,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Gordan Why,"I now spend all of my time trying to beat my friends at this game, and when I do, I rub it in their faces until they beat me. We are all now ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Great game though!"
,Recommended,422970,21558339,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,6 Pounds of Shrimp for .99 Cents,"If I had to sum up this game in one quote.""The master has failed more times then the student has started."""
76561197976271266,Recommended,422970,21558357,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mudgopher,Excellent game and very addicting.  You'll get far more than you should for $5.
,Recommended,422970,21561744,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SalsaShark,Why didn't this game come out when I still took hallucinogenics?
76561198014081903,Recommended,422970,21546727,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sisaan,brilliant
,Recommended,422970,21496033,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Meth & Feta Memes,"*Wakes up**Sees magical floating dagger**Decides to pick it up**Proceeds to fight the hordes of Satan until I die 15 seconds later**Presses ""R""**Tries again..*Again and again and againI dream and think about this game a lot, you should too.To put it into words, as soon as you get near your highscore after 60+ seconds, you're basically on drugs. I've had to turn both my fans on in order to not drown my keyboard in finger-sweat.Edit: I have finally achieved the Gold Dagger at 252 seconds (Rank 245th in the world 29/02/16) and wow this is still such a F***ing fantastic game."
,Recommended,422970,21532433,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Azag Ur-Sag,"Spawn, die. Spawn, Die. SPAWN, DIE. SPAWN, DIE!!!"
76561198005342932,Recommended,422970,21540806,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FRYBOTH,"Pure, simple, bloody and METAL AF."
76561197987307805,Recommended,422970,21541015,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,KeithZG,I'm terrible at  this game. I love it.
,Recommended,422970,21539576,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,<<|Scorpio|>>,itgud
,Recommended,422970,21539706,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Eidolon,"It may seem like this game doesn't have any depth, but wow it hooks you. Again. And again. And again. And again.And the sound design, oh... It's quite an aesthetic."
,Recommended,422970,21398562,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Overtshot,Not today Satan.
,Recommended,422970,21397335,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,WHO IN DA BUSHES?,"Made with 1990s FPS (ala Quake) and arcade gameplay experience in mind, Devil Daggers is a game that channels the chess-like combat of Doom, arena shooters, twin-stick shooters and plane shooters into one singular intense FPS experience. Despite a relatively sparse gameplay experience (one arena, one weapon), Devil Daggers is packed with extreme replayability, challenge and well-designed aesthetics and atmosphere. With each ""credit"" lasting from a few seconds to a few minutes (if you're lucky), players will find themselves eventually putting hours into the game."
,Recommended,422970,21396884,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Antarctic National Socialist,this game made me want to cry
,Recommended,422970,21394358,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Butts McBellies,"A tough little high score based game with amazing art direction and sound design. I only wish it was much more than just that, because there's some real potential for proper FPS here."
,Recommended,422970,21395031,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Alkaiser,Holy crap. So this is what the afterlife looks like. This game prepares you for life after death. Even the sound design prepares you for it!
76561197973027454,Recommended,422970,21380657,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Hampig,"This is the perfect ""arena"" feeling short-burst game I'd been looking for. From the word go you're thinking, and trying to execute simple shots perfectly to give yourself an edge later on. You always feel like you can do a little better next time, and I love that.It's simple enough to work, but there's enough here in the gameplay and presentation to keep you coming back.Average runs for me and most people seem to be around 50 seconds."
,Recommended,422970,21386187,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Emperor's Will,I'm so glad its pixel imagine this with a better graphics. .
76561197975403036,Recommended,422970,21411937,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zumbah,Insanely fun endless FPS. The longer you play the more it turns into a strategy FPS. You have to memorize the spawn patterns and learn to strafe and jump at the perfect time.
,Recommended,422970,22782149,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CUBE²,"Great arcade fun, a real test of how well you can learn the enemies and prioritise. Very addictive! Have your wits about you."
,Recommended,422970,21314145,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,VANA,Very calming and relaxing game. Love it!
,Recommended,422970,21490609,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Savior,why do i hate myself so much?
,Recommended,422970,22997693,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,mamazu,"I enjoy how the shooting makes you feel you're holding Q3 plasma gun very much, which really makes the game stand for its title of late 90s - early 00s shooters successor.Recommend to everybody who's, at the same time, up to something fresh and feels he could return to those glorious shooters at any time."
76561197986978763,Recommended,422970,22994628,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,M_Logan,And I thought Dark Souls was hard...
,Recommended,422970,22078407,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mr. R,A calm and relaxing simulator. It's a great game to wind down to before you go to sleep.
,Recommended,422970,22103330,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,$$$,"Devil Daggers is a first person shooter, rogue-lite, geometry wars -type game. The game is very simple and thus very easy understand - but mastering the game  takes alot of skill.The game takes place in a hellish arena (very quake-esque) that spawns hordes of demons at you (in a pattern that is very slightly randomized) and your task is to kill anything that moves. The challenge of the game is to survive the demon horde as long as possible. This is easier said than done since you die from one hit (herein lie the rogue-lite elements). The game is very fast paced and very fun movement-wise - you can for instance perform something called a ""dagger jump"", which basically is a rocket jump, and it does seem like you gain some momentum by continously jumping (not sure though).The music in the game is great (only plays in the menu). It brings back memories of Alone in The Dark and the old Resident Evil games. The sound design in general is actually very good. Everything really does sound hellish. The demons sound scary, the weapon sounds terrifying, the big spider skull enemy actually makes me uneasy. Different demons emit different sounds which makes it easier to telegrapgh where they are relative to your own position.There are some issues woth the game though. The sound design is, as I just said, very good. Butt some sound effects blend in a little too much. There is a mechanic in the game where you have to collect red gems in order to upgrade your weapon. The game does not present how many gems you have collected (you need 10 for the first upgrade) and you have to count them yourself by listening to the little thump-like sound when they are picked up. However this sound effect is far from clear and it blends in with the background noise a little too easily.Secondly the game lacks a proper options menu. The game would really benefit from some visual settings. Furthermore the games performance is rather iffy at times. I have an i5 4690k and an R9 280x and for some reason the game slows down a lot at times and at other times the game runs super smooth. It might very well be an isolated case.Lastly the game only features one weapon (I'm not even sure what to call it). The weapon is upgradable, sure, but the upgrades don't really change all that much and it can get a little boring using the same gun over and over again.I do recommend this game because I feel that I got my money worth and for 5 dollars you could do a hell of a lot worse."
,Recommended,422970,22147229,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MrTinRobot,"An incredible reflex-based arena shooter that is essentially a counter to your eventual demise, but beating your longest time is the most satisfying feeling in the world (current record at time of writing is 119 seconds). Love the creepy sound effects and mob designs, and I'm a big fan of the Retro-3D look. It's not something that's done a lot.Overall, if you're a big fan of insta-gib old school arena gameplay where you only survive by the skin of your teeth, Devil Daggers is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,422970,22114921,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Will™,it good
76561198017274978,Recommended,422970,22110769,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,"Bottoms Up, Nikolai","Good.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sir.An FPS in the purest sense of the word, likens back to classics such as DOOM and Quake.No levels, no objectives, just fight skeletons in hell for as long as possible whilst ammassing sick♥♥♥♥♥powerups."
76561198218035697,Recommended,422970,22129171,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,POPPIN,If your a fan of dark souls or games that kick your♥♥♥♥♥this game is for you.
,Recommended,422970,22141789,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Genocide,Awsome and ♥♥♥♥ing hard
,Recommended,422970,22142640,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ignis Serpenta,If Quake was done today...
76561198063622187,Recommended,422970,22142935,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,babaZorica,Love it!
,Recommended,422970,22046234,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,samooja,Instantly addicted to it
76561198065039403,Recommended,422970,22088144,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,holyblackcross,The only game the allows you to empathize with impotence.Hardly anyone makes it past a minute baby ;)
76561198169620305,Recommended,422970,22077302,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ButtSkittlz,"this game is really good, its fast paced and is very difficult but you get used to it, there are alot of enemies and you can get easially overwhelmed.  this game is also super addicting and alot of fun, and even though its only one level its different every time, and its always fun when you get past your high score.Worth the $5"
,Recommended,422970,22077749,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,luke,How do I turn on easy mode?
,Recommended,422970,22079020,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Wankle,"Simple, accurate controls. One level. One leaderboard.If hunting highscores armed only with pure, twitchy talent is your idea of a good time, then Devil Daggers will get your heart pumping harder than nearly any shooter out there.This game is simplicity done right. Outstanding (and I really mean that) audio quality, an exquisite and simple replay system and a fantastically refined experience make dying dozens of times in succession in a dark abyss worth every cent."
,Recommended,422970,22074295,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,pastry memes suck,"I think that I'm gonna get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in mere seconds, then I get a full minute. I should be president for having to deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,422970,22073005,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ryladen,"I did not play this for a long time, but I might have an idea to share.This game is nothing more than killing ""things"" in a dark arena until they overwhelm you. If you are fan of old graphic based FPS games and like dark themed games, you might like this game. I've asked myself: ""So it is only about killing until you die? Wouldn't it be boring after a while?"". Dear friends, no. The game is actually fun just because it is that simple. If you have the money, and want a game to kill some time, buy it."
76561197971246540,Recommended,422970,21576758,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,RickRakon,"Designed to be as annoying as possible.If you want a game where all you do is shoot endlessly at enemies that are considerably more annoying than those flying medusa heads from Castlevania, then this is the game for you.DID I MENTION THE GAME IS ANNOYING?"
76561197986132976,Recommended,422970,21916879,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,per_mission,Really really awesome and addictive. Frustratingly so but must go back and keep playing.....
,Recommended,422970,21913453,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,oscarkbrowes.exe,"Think of it like this: if CoD is a cigarette laced with marijuana, then Devil Daggers is the pure, uncut cocaine of first-person shooters."
76561197991338229,Recommended,422970,21913719,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,PAK-9,"Devil Daggers is a first person shooterThere is one level, it is not randomisedThere is no storyThere is no healthThere are no livesThere is no ammoThere is no savingThere are no checkpointsThere are no unlocksThere is no character progressionYou press R to play again"
,Recommended,422970,21910546,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,v1rus_,"-bought the game thinking eh, whatevs-literally didn't stop playing until 7 hours later.-this game will consume you"
76561198090817354,Recommended,422970,22011700,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Thorson (Jay),Great game! Never hit a 'retry' button so many times!! Stick with it and the sense of accomplishment after beating you previous high score is immense!10/10
,Recommended,422970,22026816,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,JessHawk36,A 3d fps geometry wars with demons instead of shapes. Enjoy <3
76561197981786643,Recommended,422970,22022999,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,badumtzzz #perniciem,Simple but highly addictive!
,Recommended,422970,22035847,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Atman,"A viscerally satisfying game. The Devil Daggers experience instantly recalls in me the thrill of playing old school arcade games such as Robotron and Defender. This may seem an odd parallel, since those are decidely not first person shooters, but expertise at those games, like Devil Daggers, can only be gained through the skill acquired by many playthroughs to the point where you can make one life, or one quarter, last an astonishingly long time for the slackjawed gaper standing behind you, or the players watching the best runs on the Devil Daggers leaderboard. Thank goodness I don't have to put in a quarter for every game of Devil Daggers. For $5, Devil Daggers is an incredibly easy purchase."
76561198057877684,Recommended,422970,22036133,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Vault Dweller,"Its ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. Old(new?) school shooter with an emphasis on reflexes and practice. Bought it without even knowing much about it based on the art style alone, but what has really astounded me is the audio. I use V-moda headphones which cost me a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money, but this is the only game where the surround sound in the speakers combined with the quality of the games sound has actually given me a tactical advantage. Becase each enemy makes a distinct sound and their placement relative to you is extremely important.Fantastic price for a game that does exactly what it wants to do flawlessly."
76561198123466893,Recommended,422970,21981842,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ATANASIUS KIRKER,"Great game!It would be great to have the possibility to switch to a 3rd person camera during replays to see the run ""from the outside"".Also: would love to have the hunter and the wanderer a little more different from each other."
,Recommended,422970,22192903,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ॐNanobotzॐ,10/10A LEGEND of FPs gaming!incradably simple but vary Addictive!there is alot they can still add to this game but right now asit is.. its PERFECT..MUST BUY! xD
76561198013475576,Recommended,422970,22166790,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,deathfromabove3141,Highly addictive game if not painfully hard to master if possible but defiantly a sense of accomplishment after playing a while
,Recommended,422970,22170638,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Turrbskii,kuul
76561198196098071,Recommended,422970,22191608,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Never Upset,You know I personly think this game is amazing everything is realy fun about it besides THE ♥♥♥♥ING RAM OH MY GOD WHERE DID IT COME FROM THIS TIME JESUS KILL ME
76561198171601422,Recommended,422970,22155798,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,pleggin,It's Devil Daggers. Give in.
,Recommended,422970,22189297,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Nicholas Piberius Wilde,I died within the first 10 seconds of playing.11/10 Would uninstall again
,Recommended,422970,22153424,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Major Scumbag #DaddysHome,Watch out for the spooks!
76561198084658787,Recommended,422970,21968205,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,nicklasgeist,"Playing this game feels like pure hell. I love it! :DIt´s hard as hell, has great sound effects and looks despite the retro graphics beautiful."
,Recommended,422970,21972665,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Floral Dolphin Rectum,"Haunting, difficult, cruel, this game doesn't forgive any error but is sooo addictive. Imagine a mixofDoom/Hexenput in absolute demonic nightmare. Fluid and fast paced FPS. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,21950139,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Gregor Samsa,great game
76561198058839535,Recommended,422970,21956074,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Squ1rt1ngQu33n69,"""very good"""
,Recommended,422970,21956120,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Im The MilkMan!,Is this what it's like having schizophrenia?
,Recommended,422970,21975311,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kitsyfluff,"I spent 12 hours and made it to the top 10% of players. Yea this game is amazing. There isn't much to it, shoot skulls, and don't die. but it controls so perfectly and has absolutely magnificent sound design. The sounds are done so well in fact, that I can reliably play this game blindfolded and still know where enemies are by sound alone.And to those of you who are up to it, I challenge you to make it 120 seconds blindfolded."
,Recommended,422970,21956026,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Lodgefella,wow
76561197993706088,Recommended,422970,21962004,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Dance Commander,One must imagine Sisyphus Happy.
,Recommended,422970,22101453,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jack.sp,Broke my ♥♥♥♥ing space bar playing this gnarly game
,Recommended,422970,22124633,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mateo,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,422970,22120600,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lui #TicklesMyBalls,Best 5Eur spent EVER :DD
,Recommended,422970,22133608,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,[OG] Luxor Cult,"I've lived Hell, and learned Hell has it's leaderboard."
,Recommended,422970,22310322,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,nightsmoke,Devil is in the details
,Recommended,422970,22518065,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,AnarkiORG,I recommend you never play the game.*Starts game again*
,Recommended,422970,22544036,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,FluffyAngelicFox,You don't wanna be the first fukboi to die in the Skeleton Wars do you? DO YOU?!You know what to do.
76561198125278692,Recommended,422970,22512414,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mr Sir132,by far the hardest game i have ever played.
,Recommended,422970,22535570,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,sinewave,"With graphics reminiscent of DOOM and Quake and with absolutely mind-blowing sound design, this game is well worth 5 Euros if you're into arena-style shooters. 10/10"
,Recommended,422970,22554127,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Nogarde,"Incredibly fun and challanging, however can get boring if you can't stay commited to improving upon your score"
,Recommended,422970,22561349,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mrkoolman23,"This game is great, it breaks down the arena shooter to it's very core.Story, why would you need one?Controls, jump and shoot.Goal, to survive as long as possible.This is totally worth the $5, play it now."
76561197974196131,Recommended,422970,22527447,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Korkahl,"If you want to seriously lose weight, try Korkahl's Devil Daggers Diet!Every time you make it past a minute and a half, (and only when you do!) take a bite of whatever you are eating.Best slimming guide on the internet.10/10"
,Recommended,422970,21380007,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mralh,my finge rs hurt duude
76561198228996764,Recommended,422970,21380160,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Eroticow,"I am addicted, this is the type of game that makes you just want to play one more round. The leaderboards with your steam friends adds a lot to this game, and although it is singleplayer it has a very competitive feel. I would reccomend this game to anyone who like raging a ton and gloating to their friends."
,Recommended,422970,21380888,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ran,"Neat concept. The game is a bit tough to learn, so play for an hour or so and you'll start to catch on. It's fun, although a little barebones, and I'd like to see more content added."
,Recommended,422970,21381005,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Captain Red,Tired of Skulls laughing at you? Huh?*pew* *pew*WHO'S LAUGHING NOW SKULLS?!!*dies after 30 seconds*It is the skulls. :-(
,Recommended,422970,21381025,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mr. Hilter,This game is genuinely spooky.
,Recommended,422970,21381444,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Supa_Kappa,"The closest thing I can compare this game to is a cross between Quake and Geometry Wars. It's a short, wave based shooter based solely on surviving as long as possible against hordes and hordes of demon spawn. It has a wicked aesthetic to it that is reminiscent of a death metal album cover. This is well worth the price of admission."
76561198267501707,Recommended,422970,21356577,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Entya,"After playing this game for a while I gotta say it's great. No real complaints, would dig having some controller support though."
,Recommended,422970,21378892,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,gingerbeard,Dope.
76561198141424763,Recommended,422970,21375603,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Trip Kid!,"This is an amazing game. I highly suggest it if you're a fan of bullet Hells. I really appreciate the approach the creator took to constructing this game and I can anticipate that the popularity of said game will increase very substantially very quickly. Now I will say, this game may not be for everyone, and it may get a little bit repetitive at times. I do have to say though, the game was not made too long ago at the time this commented was published, therefore the creator may add more content to the game. I love the game. You might love the game."
,Recommended,422970,21373449,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,RageJ 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,This game makes me so mad but I can't stop playing.
76561198005772688,Recommended,422970,21373665,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Beast of the East DC United,30 -60 seconds of pure insanity and fun.....buy this game now
,Recommended,422970,21371632,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TheTots,"Old school movement mechanics, great shooting, amazing atmosphere, 5 bucks.Buy this."
76561197977553789,Recommended,422970,21349168,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[SPA] Billywitchdoctordotcom,"Perfect design, perfect visuals, perfect gameplay."
,Recommended,422970,21353770,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Uber National,"If you miss the atmosphere of playing doom or quake for the first time, your money is ACTUALLY better spent with $5 in devil daggers than doom itself. Hah.Yeah this game will give you crazy nostalgia."
,Recommended,422970,21355684,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Bedpan JiggyBones,The most wtf 30 secounds of my life. 9/10
76561198077192613,Recommended,422970,21355732,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,RichardG,"Are you a self-hating, masochistic person with a desire to give yourself endless nightmares about skull-and-spider-shaped fiends from the deepest bowels of hell? You are? Great! THIS is the game for you.Really fun if you like an endless-challenge sort of game. May not be for people looking for more depth. 90's art is cool but what really shines is the sound design. Play with headphones.But seriously, this game will eat you and poop you out many, many times."
76561198022872729,Recommended,422970,21354440,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Leo Bonhart,you can bhop 10/10actually amazing game though
,Recommended,422970,21354899,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tehcarlzor,There is nothing I do not like about this game. Well except for the unending night terrors.
,Recommended,422970,21347266,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Trevgauntlet,I'm terrible at FPS games and it's a great way to hone your FPS skills. I love how it keeps you on the edge and the weapons are unique.
,Recommended,422970,21347571,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Saerix,The feeling is that of Quake/Hexen 2 software rendered in 800x600 mixed with bullet hell style gameplay. Complete with a leader board. This is exactly what I expected hell to look like back in the late 90s. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,422970,21347927,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,costanza,Incredible sound design and a really great art style. Endless replay value. Leaderboards with replays. A steal for $5
,Recommended,422970,21351878,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,miblik,GOTY 2016.
,Recommended,422970,21351953,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Stu Pickles,Proof the devil is Michael Jordan
,Recommended,422970,21339991,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Pslyy,Metal!
76561198049036874,Recommended,422970,21399375,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,2501,"This game will make your fingers hurt and your eyes bleed.Love the visuals, very Quake-like. I'd love to see these guys do a full game.Is it worth $5? I dunno, probably."
76561198047416114,Recommended,422970,21575644,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cronenberg Morty,"Hanging out with my girlfriend. Playing Devil Daggers. Yell ""I can't believe I lasted two minutes!"" loud enough for my roommate to hear.  Now I get weird looks.10/10 I usually only last a minute ;)"
,Recommended,422970,21595697,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,fucking mistake child,Ok yeah get it it's super cheap and very hard
,Recommended,422970,21596279,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,POOPDOLLAAAAA,I've only experienced about 30% of the enemy types in this game and I remain boastful about my record.
,Recommended,422970,21599276,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,spaceburge,0.01 hours on record. Felt like a hero to play for that long.
,Recommended,422970,21600385,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,HC9,this is a really great game - so fast-paced and addictive !!
,Recommended,422970,21601218,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,shalom,Perfect
,Recommended,422970,21603406,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ice King,"Die, Tap 'R', Die again Tap 'R' again."
,Recommended,422970,21349521,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kverulant,GOTY
,Recommended,422970,21349598,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MrMortisland,DEVIL DAGGERS
,Recommended,422970,21350107,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Quemaqua,"This game is not going to be for everybody, but the people it IS for are going to adore it.As brief as possible: this is a retro-style arena shooter with bunny-hopping and rocket-jumping, and your only goal is to kill as many demons as possible and survive as long as you can. Most games will initially end within 20-40 seconds. World record was, up until yesterday, 8 minutes. Kill things, grab the powerups they drop, learn the nuances of the individual enemies, the enemy spawning (this game is not random every time), and try to beat your high score. And do it over and over again.The graphics, sound, and feel are second to none. If you loved fast-paced shooters like Doom and Quake back in the day, you'll feel right at home. Some will feel it's too limited, but limited is the point. This is distilled to a pure essence, and anything added would dilute the intensity of that pure experience. Which isn't to say that more couldn't be done or added, but this game is a steal at 5 bucks, and the limited nature of what it currently is is exactly what makes it so special.Not for everyone, but it's intense, difficult, and will make your heart pound like nothing else."
,Recommended,422970,21368195,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fletcher,"A fantastic title well worth the asking price.You load up the game, click play and you instantly start playing. No tutorials, no boring♥♥♥♥♥cutscenes or dialogue to suffer through. This is a game where you have to learn everything yourself unless of course you look up directions.Visuals -A nice retro 90's shooter aesthetic made on a completely custom engine the devs built.Enemies are demonic and creepy with some really nice touches. The giant spider who sucks in gems is especially scary.The level is nothing more than a flat piece of land with repeating textures with an abyss of blackness around it.7/10. Would be higher if the ground had a little more to it, but I appreciate it for what it is.Audio -Everything is a creepy crunchy, crackle and ambient sound. As you progress through the game and new enemies appear, they make different sounds. Each enemy makes a unique sound so you know what to be aware of. Your hand that shoots ""Devil Daggers"" at the start make a low hum but as you progress gets louder into a screeching almost screaming sound, like tortured souls of hell.10/10. I know that seems generous but it has been quite some time since a game has blown me away with the audio.Gameplay -The game is about as simple as it it gets. You spawn in and shoot enemies, however, you also have other objectives to be aware of. The floating pillars for example spawn the flying enemies who chase you down to kill you. If you do not kill the pillars they will keep spawning enemies over and over. The game is also set with a timer that always spawns set pieces of different enemies so if you don't take out the pillars they will keep spawning as the game progresses. Getting the red gems upgrades your Devil Dagger arm and those are absolutely crucial if you want to progress, so you have to always be collecting whilst killing. Each enemy moves differently and has different weak points so you have to be quick with you aiming and skillful as well. This game is VERY DIFFICULT.5/10. The gameplay is fantastic but suffers from a repetitive feel after so long, but when you pick it back up after a break it feels fresh again. The ranking leaderboards also keep you striving to get further.OVERALL - The game is a breath of fresh air do to its dark art style and excellent sound design. It takes your traditional horde type gameplay and adds in horror and desperation making you feel the adrenaline as you get firther along. Fun in short burts but lacks long term playing due to no level design. I'd recommend this game only to those who strive for leaderboards or a challenge, anyone who is looking to shoot and go through waves with relative ease or enjoy a more slow paced game should skip this.FINAL SCORE - 6/10."
,Recommended,422970,21356361,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dominator841,"Great game!There is a drastic learning curve to this game, when to fire your shotgun (which can go through multiple enemies and when to gatling). B-hopping is a must, and must be practiced.One hit and you are dead, no if-ands-or buts.Enemies will swarm you if you do not pay attention.9/10 (wish there were levels)"
,Recommended,422970,21356476,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Syrence,"If you're into rogue-like bullet hell's and raging after a skull rams you in the back while you fight a giant skeleton that throws spiders at you. Buy this game, right now."
,Recommended,422970,21374135,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ИΣT,"Ok this game is really fun, and amazing. But ummmm... something creepy, when i went into steamapps under this game it has my real name listed in a notepad... i have never used my real name online, nor did i give that info on steam. This is really concerning and scary."
,Recommended,422970,21374450,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Law,i can't stop playing itsend help
,Recommended,422970,21487894,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,dizasteR,Dark souls on a dance floor.
,Recommended,422970,21488588,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,sonicbooming,You are in hell. You can run. You can jump. You can shoot daggers from your fingers. How long you survive is not the question you should be asking? How long until you die is a better one. You should be playing this game.
76561197973300271,Recommended,422970,22620755,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,Its like super hexagon if the hexagons were demons.
76561198025326160,Recommended,422970,22622745,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Pinks44,"not much I can say except, Amazing! it's a very simple game. The kind of game were you go, ""i could survive 10 seconds longer"" after 20 plays go by. its a great game 100% 10outa10 would buy again!"
,Recommended,422970,22618105,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,MadRusseN,stres atmak için çok iyi bi oyun bi o kadar da zor10 liranın hakkını veriyor
,Recommended,422970,22618198,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gosu Master Pugs,Great game. Arcade style survival fps. Addicting as hell. My self-worth now is directly correlated with my score.
76561198066268034,Recommended,422970,22619251,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Calvinic,"Hard as nails and kicks your shooter skills into overdrive within a few seconds. Devil Daggers is a fun little shooter to kill some time with.The goal of the game is to survive as long as possible against huge amounts of increasingly difficult and creepy looking/sounding enemies. If you get touched once or fall off the arena, it's game over. Try again from the start.As you kill more and more enemies. You start to collect these little gems to power up your weapon. Making your attacks even stronger and even slowing time down a bit for you to nail an enemy. The movement is smooth, fast, and allows for some creativity in dodging attacks. You can even do a famous Quake-like rocket jump if you want.But be warned, there's nothing complex here in Devil Daggers. All you're doing is aiming for a high score in survival time and competing against other scores locally or online. No ending except for your death."
,Recommended,422970,22583574,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Fridock,Fuggin' love it
,Recommended,422970,22445051,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,StevenSeagal,"Devil Daggers is a superbly disturbing blend of Quake and FPS style Geometry Wars. The learning curve is steep, but fair and quite rewarding once mastered. Simply put, it's a game about survival against giant floating skulls, weird spiders, centipedes and all sort of great nightmarish entities. You have two attacks: a constant stream and a shotgun burst that can be upgraded upon picking up red gems. Simple enough premise, but the execution is where the game shines. The Quake-like controls are very quick to respond and work well with shotgun-attack jumping (a'la rocket boosting in a way) and movement akin to bunnyhopping. The game requires as much patience and management of enemies as it does technical skill to land the shots.I like the simple premise with tantalizing skill ceiling, and for $5 it's a price that seems quite justified. The leaderboards are a great learning tool for those wishing to ascend its ranks. The aspect of being able to watch people's replays very quickly and see what strategies they employ is quite helpful and pretty entertaining as well."
,Recommended,422970,22477359,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Guarana // Thαnατοs,"Devil Daggers is an punishing fast-paced FPS where every milisecond counts. It has a very thin border from being fun to being a torturing device. Killing hordes of hellish monsters with enough tools given( a hand that fires an stream of bullets or  like a shotgun) is really fun(to me)Here are the pros and cons of the gamePros:+Challenging+Smart use of old graphics engines(Quake 2 , Doom , etc.)+Leaderboard+Many of features used in Quake , Counter Strike and other games are included : Bunnyhop , Rocket Jump (which is much harder to master within this game) , Circle Strafe etc.Cons :-No tutorial at all-As said many features used in other games ARE present , but heavily modifiedFor anyone who thinks this would be a great fun instead of a torturing device , these are your best spent 5 bucks on Steam in 2016."
,Recommended,422970,22502068,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,tdues,"You are someone or something in first person. You are thrown into a void with nothing but darkness and the devil's dagger...and that really ticks off the demon world. That's all you know as you are challenged to face endless waves of demons in one of the most simple and intoxicating arcade shooters of late.This game is brutal, and its brutality is its greatest learning mechanism. There is no background or tutorial to start the game. You are given your weapon and are pushed by the game's mechanics to adapt and improve your only metric of success, the amount of time you survived the endless horde of evil.If you consider yourself an avid FPS gamer this is a game to pick up. At the low cost it is a solid purchase I can see myself playing on and off for some time. Excellent for a quick, brutal, player vs. AI shooter that offers something new. I recommend it."
76561198027911565,Recommended,422970,22488813,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,gondorff,"Effortless Ultrafast Gameplay(TM), totally dry and straightforward presentation, one of the best ingame menus I have seen, in one word: Highly Recommended! Just one tiny thing is missing: Coop!"
76561198017482176,Recommended,422970,22967082,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mama Luigi,A game truly designed for MLG demons (or as I'd like to call them MLG-mons). It's like Serious Sam but on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mode.
,Recommended,422970,21646536,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Roy,"This game is what it is advertised to be, a challenge. Its probably the best Arcade FPS highscore chaser out there and definitely worth a shot !"
,Recommended,422970,22694392,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Remarsterd,"Quite an amazing game. This is a very challenging and addicting bullet-hell style game that requires a lot of skill! The graphics in this game are very retro-style, but that gives the game a little more of a simplicity aspect to it. FPS experience is definately reccomended, also making it a great way to warm up before playing an FPS match. To be honest I did not expect such a well thought out game to be available at this price."
,Recommended,422970,22848319,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,KDHD,"This game is so damn good it's hard to not recommend it. Bullet Hell doesn't describe this game well enough. Imagine if the bullets were hordes of flying skulls, massive centipedes, skull spiders, and squids that shoot out even more endless hordes of flying skulls on top of the ones already trying to kill you. Experienced players manage to survive for around 4-5 minutes, and yet the game is so addicting that once you die you jump back in. I recommend you listen to some nice music too. Highly recommend, buy it now."
,Recommended,422970,23076024,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,tm,"Short and simple. Gorgeous, nostalgic art style. A replayable ""time trial"" of survival."
76561198133506997,Recommended,422970,23074331,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,JerryDaMouse,"Rule 1 of Devil Daggers - Never focus on one thing, you will get killedRule 2 of Devil Daggers - Always focus on your surroundings so the skulls dont butt♥♥♥♥♥♥youRule 3 of Devil Daggers - You are obligated to die at least once before you play this game for 5 minutes.This game is fast paced and insanly hard, i have never played an FPS that is this god damn hard since Brutal Doom on Realistic mode, and i was good at it too. That being said, this game is very damn good, the adrelaline comes in about 1 minuet into your run. 30 seconds in, you're swarmed with skulls, spider monsters, skull spawners, like, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is insane. PLEASE GET IT AND RIP YOUR HAIR OUT PLAYING IT.btw, played this game for 7 minutes before i wrote this, i died 5 times in 3 minutes, this game is that hard."
76561198081310517,Recommended,422970,21448514,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ares,"at start of game ""OH this should be easy enough, just want a rare achivement""20 seconds into first game ""This is harder than expected""30 seconds into first game ""OK, Um what is going on?""60 seconds into first game ""OMFG WHAT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THIS, THESE MO ♥♥♥♥ERS ARE EVERYWHERE""65 seconds into game *Dies*After first game ""Well♥♥♥♥♥♥this is harder than I thought""*see's retry button* *clicks retry button* *havent spoken to anyone in many days*...MUST GET ACHIVEMENT!"
,Recommended,422970,21657690,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Zephyr,"Devil Daggers is an incredible game that encourages next level stress and has a surprising degree of strategy to it. Rather than focusing on a narrative or a story, Devil Daggers mixes the shooter formula with an arcade shoot-em-up. The objective is simple - survive for as long as possible. As it stands, my highest score is just over 2 minutes, but the game is constantly and fun and good in short or long bursts. If you have a leftover $5 in your Steam acoount, buy this, and even if you don't, buy it anyway. Devil Daggers is good, chaotic as all hell (hehe) fun."
76561198126975019,Recommended,422970,21656984,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,wolfinston85,...
,Recommended,422970,21492250,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,piratesbooty,"Gameplay:  Move in circles to escape your nightmares while glowing daggers fire from your fingers in the hundreds.  Power Up for more fingers and daggers in the thousands.  Spend your entire weekend and maybe you'll see Homing Daggers.  Doubt it.Sound:  Did I say nightmares?  I mean bed crapping night terrors.  The♥♥♥♥♥♥puckering gutteral, industrial growls are quite useful in the gameplay letting you know you're about to get a ribbed horn in the rear.  Well done devs.Addictiveness:  It's you against time.  You'll get addicted.  But you won't win either way.  You'll die.  Like drugs.  BUT ITS SO AWESOME WHILE YOU'RE ALIVE.Look, BOTTOM LINE:  Each ""game"" lasts about 1 1/2-3 minutes for me.  (Coming into this new you will most likely last 30-60 seconds after the first few deaths).  Yet I've put 12 hours in this game already.  It's 5 dollars, just click Add to Cart."
,Recommended,422970,21646905,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Messmon,"Welcome to hell, prepare to bhop for your life because this game is pure steel."
,Recommended,422970,21648041,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TheLooseGoose,"Reminds me of Doom, great sound design and a price you can't argue with. Good indie game to support."
,Recommended,422970,21646375,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MishkaMee,For what the game is I'd say it's pretty good. It's simplistic but easy to get into and there isn't much thinking to do.
,Recommended,422970,21635064,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TankTopReturns,I have been to the hospital for drinking too many energy drinks and this game made my heart race faster than that10/10 would play again and again and again.
76561198032882627,Recommended,422970,21635111,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nappafinger,"So you like shooters?Think your pretty good?Well, you're not and Devil Daggers is here to prove it. And Booooooy doesn't it. The combat is punishing, yet strangly rewarding. The thrill of getting that next high score is always on your mind as you clear a single unending room of Hell's finest creatures.Basically, buy this game if you want to spend all your time trying to perfect your skill and become the eventual King of Hell."
,Recommended,422970,21635223,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,CJ,Pure gameness.
76561197998601671,Recommended,422970,21640711,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tideswell,"Been bored for so many weeks now, trying all kind of different games, games that I should enjoy.. Now my love for games has been reborn, I'm still shaking with adrenaline after 1 and a half hours of Devil Daggers!This game is so unique, I can't recommend it enough! :D"
76561198019131066,Recommended,422970,21638757,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Skanoodles,Great game!
,Recommended,422970,21651229,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,WeaselBiggs,"Normally, I wouldn't bother writing a review for a game I've barely played for a few minutes. ""Devil Daggers"" is the exception that confirms the rule.You're some hapless damned soul and are, apparently, in Hell. A single gleaming dagger hovers in front of you, its Eldritch light the only source of clarity in the otherwise pitch-black environment. Pick it up, and the opaque expanse turns reddish, and infernal whispers start to fill the air. Soon enough, tentacled turrets that look like relatives of Nyarlathotep sprout out of the ground at the edges of the arena, and spit screaming skeleton heads at you. Some of them have horns and break off from the swarm in unpredictable patterns.A sustained click unleashes a barrage of red magical daggers, a single click fires off a pseudo-shotgun blast.Survive as long as you can, in the knowledge that bigger, scarier and tougher horrors await you. If you're tough enough, you'll have the opportunity to collect gems off of your fallen foes, to bolster the offensive power of your daggers.You'll probably die 45 seconds in. Once you're dead, you can check out the leaderboards and chew on your resentment while watching replays of demigods trouncing the Hellspawn for ten minutes straight, dodging and weaving their way out of a maelstorm of pixellated horrors that makes the first Quake's monster designs feel tame in comparison.Then, you're likely to hit ""Retry"", bolstered as you've been by the sight of DraQ laughing in the face of Hades' minions for what feels like an eternity. You'll obviously want to improve that leaderboard placement if you've got something of an ego. If not - like me - you'll be fine living in the realms of mediocrity otherwise known as the ""I Survived For Less Than Two Minutes"" Club.Then you'll die. Then you'll try again. Then die. Then try again. Then die.Whoops, four hours have potentially gone by. Maybe you should think about going to bed.Aw, who are we kidding - just one last round, huh? You've got a good feeling about this one..."
,Recommended,422970,21648327,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Trendkiller,Satanically addicting!
,Recommended,422970,22068323,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Pfheonix,"Do you find yourself enjoying life right now? Do you not have enough adrenaline in you, nor enough ladderboard climbing experience?Well, imagine that.This game fixes all of that."
,Recommended,422970,22054578,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Super Taster,Quake meets Geometry Wars in the best way. Worth 20 bucks easy.
,Recommended,422970,22092078,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PANKIE,The finnish curseword '♥♥♥♥♥♥♥' describes this game perfectly.
,Recommended,422970,21440743,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,K V G N,Me & Life simulator
,Recommended,422970,21483373,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Splinch,"Have barely played, but this game is awesome and addicting. Great time waster."
76561197990795038,Recommended,422970,21491126,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,golfingelk,help me...
,Recommended,422970,21491595,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,★Luke,My best is 72 seconds and I'm pretty proud of that. If you ever plan on going outside again or having a life I wouldn't start playing.
76561198042867523,Recommended,422970,21489929,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bumbus,This is the kind of crap that keeps you up at night for hours after you put it down
,Recommended,422970,21492210,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,junglejon,hOLY ShATZ! I just beat my last score by 14 seconds!
76561198046050015,Recommended,422970,21492540,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,desert.king90,THIS IS THE ONLY GAME WHERE BEATING A STRANGERS HIGHSCORE MATTERS.
76561198039986249,Recommended,422970,21311431,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Shunejii,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing addictive.
,Recommended,422970,21310065,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Rinera,"It would have been yet another endless arena shooter if it wasn't for that hell of an artstyle.The game itself is quite tricky so to speak, as you die in one hit and the enemies tend to be everywhere, so it can take a fair amount of practise to stay alive long enough to see everything it has to offer, but it's damn satisfying when you manage to see that ""New High Score"" message.Again, none of that would have worked if it looked boring, but it doesn't look boring. It looks (and plays) like your own personal hell. However, it does have one flaw and that's the sound design. Some noises that the enemies make sound like people trying to imitate airplane and car sounds, which isn't as funny as it sounds when you consider that you are supposed to be fighting demons in an environment that could only be described as ""nightmarish""....Okay I admit it, it was rather funny... but it didn't last!There isn't much variety honestly, just the same area with the same monsters always located at the same spots. Thing is, you are supposed to keep playing and learn where and when the monsters appear so you will live longer. Blindly adding more variety to that formula would only make the game more annoying.Also it's just 4.99, which is fine!"
,Recommended,422970,21313477,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,isioisi,"For some reason, I don't get sound.Also what gives powerups?"
,Recommended,422970,21313554,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,smoke,good stuff
,Recommended,422970,21401653,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Conjugal Visit From My Dad,I have carpal tunnel syndrome and am perpetually screaming
76561198010422503,Recommended,422970,21401785,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Absolute Taters!!,That sinking feeling that this is gonna still be better then DOOM 4
76561198100416915,Recommended,422970,21376051,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,R4phStryker,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,422970,21375921,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,[ phenom.pl ] Sir_Fred,Pure craziness... I want more! I want CO-OP!!!!
76561197987437984,Recommended,422970,21722951,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,xXx.MLG-Marple.xXx,This game is nuts.
,Recommended,422970,21774961,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Float,"minimalist design, great controls, fun game play. There literally aren't better games with better sound stage than this one.Money spent to heart rate ratio is very good.I hate this game almost as much as I love it, but I hate it in a good way because it drives me crazy trying to get better."
,Recommended,422970,21775096,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,JollyFuchsia,What a satisfying devil of a game. Highly recommended for old skool FPS fans.
76561198067572260,Recommended,422970,21798356,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,NanashiNoProfile,"Live, die, repeat. That wasn't used anywhere else? Right?0.2hrs play, eh? It feels like it's been forever, and I don't mean that in a bad way."
76561198003570750,Recommended,422970,21367341,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Deadlock,"This game is HARD.The game mechanics are simple: kill demons, gather crystals and don't get hit while shooting a stream or bursts of daggers from your fingertips.You will get punished for waiting around too long, you need to keep moving, dodging and being aware of the enemies around you.The sound design is brilliant. Enemies are really creepy when you hear them chasing you. You can hear crystals being pulled towards you, which gives you the choice to stop shooting for a moment and become stronger or keep on fighting.The gameplay can be frustrating if you keep getting impaled by that nasty horned skull, but also very satisfying if you do manage to overpower the hordes and survive for just a few second longer.You will get better at this game, it is tough but rewarding."
,Recommended,422970,21370646,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Bobdul Thundercuck,"This game is worth the money, and I receommend it. However, I'm also a little disappointed because the developers are obviously super talented, and I wish they would have taken this idea further. A simple arena does not do the rest of their design justice.It's just that you can't get in to it because it doesn't try to establish itself. You play a few rounds and want more from it, then it's like ""I'm Out!"". It's the equivelant of a shady drug addict in to your house, showing you something really cool, then right as you start to like him, he has to go shoot up and jumps out your window. It leaves you with a good story, but ultimately you feel like you missed something."
76561198061131977,Recommended,422970,21369517,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,saliva tear,
,Recommended,422970,21362577,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,skostman,"Devil daggers is a supercharged shooter that is very close to games like the original quake in terms of speed and super hexigon due to difficulty. The game itself just starts up with you standing in front of a dagger and once you pick it up you are immidiately attacked by an array of 3 types of enemies which only get more and more difficult as the timer goes on, it can be extremely difficult for some people to even pass the 60 second mark.Outside of that the game has no story, no secrets (unless you count figuring out how the game mechanics work) and nothing but the challenge of the game. In that respect it is a lot like super hexagon where the whole game is centered around beating your friends highscores and beating your own previous score. It should be said though, that the enemies do become predictable after some time and often you can tell immidiately when the new enemies are going to spawn so once you play the game a whole lot the beginning can become a bit tiring as you face the same pattern of beginning enemies again and again.Altough i cannot verify one thing it does feel like the game is always using the same random seed per session, so you will always face the same pattern of enemies every round, i would count down the seconds between each enemy spawn because i had been repeating the same pattern over and over (3 spawners, 1 super spawner and then the skull spider with more super spawners).However, despite that i have to say the game is exactly what i expected it to be when i got it and as such i am enjoying the nailbiting difficulty of it and i will probably play until i reach a point where i simply cannot beat my previous score.Pros:- Really addicting and makes you want to constantly beat your previous score.- High speed movement and twitchy shooting makes the skill ceiling extremely high (tip: you can shotgun blast yourself up into the air)- The enemies are varied and are a constant challenge, however you can learn their patterns quite quickly- You will always want to dethrone your friends high scoreNeutral points:- From what i've noticed the game seed is always the same. I cannot verify this but whenever i play the enemy spawn is always the same so learning patterns is sometimes part of the challenge.Cons:- Everything you see in the trailer is all there is in the game. There are no secrets, no story no nothing so if you get bored of the base game then there is nothing to hook you back in- There is no fov slider and altough the fov is not bad it can still cause some people motion sickness and cause it so you can't see enemies coming from the side."
76561198063359408,Recommended,422970,21366560,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BloodymanJF12,An amazing arena shooter with a creepy and engrosing art style with fluid movement and its so fun and addicting an must own for any arena shooter fan
,Recommended,422970,21359280,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,CormacMcCarthy,"If you started gaming in the early 1990s then this will feel all too familiar. Simple, yet extremely complex in terms of strategy and movement. Gets your heart goin."
,Recommended,422970,27368577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neon Bronze,This game is the most fun you can have in less than two minutes without taking off your clothes and disappointing someone.
76561197977190168,Recommended,422970,27414978,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Great Melon,"Brutal, addicting, retro, creepy, pure, deep, discovery, inexpensive, etc.Just buy it."
76561198214404868,Recommended,422970,26488575,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Seran,"I've only played the game for 2 hours in total, though it feels like much more. That shows me how very easy it is to become locked in a cycle of viciously re-trying the game to do better. So in that regard it can be pretty addicting, though it doesn't cost you a lot of time!The game is very hard, very fun, and very fast.  No load times, just kill demons for as long as you can. I also like the music at the menu screen, very creepy. Actually the sound design in general is quite good.There isn't much else to say on the game. It's definitely worth playing and the price is perfect.My only gripe with the game is that it does not natively have pad support, so you would be forcede to use something like JoyToKey to play. I haven't tried myself yet, but the game is already hard enough with a mouse and keyboard!"
,Recommended,422970,26649150,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,milkh8r,It's a rare pleasure to encounter a game where the sound design compliments the gameplay so well. I can only play this in 10min bites as my heart rate increases rapidly and im afraid of what a devil dagger to the heart will do in the long run.Play it if you want to be completely immersed in this black hole where the only way out is to aim higher on the leaderboard. I mean that in the best sense possible.
,Recommended,422970,26633154,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mehmine,An incredibly exhilarating and difficult game!
,Recommended,422970,30910553,Posted: 2 April,all,Nth RooCH,"This is such a tight, cohesive and wonderfully expressed concept. I have 1hr of play on record, but believe me, that is a LOT of games of Devil Daggers. Simple summary, 1st person horror survival, you have 2 styles of shooting, stream of bullets, or shotgun blast. You can jump although it rarely helps, and you can run. And you WILL run. The key to it is multi-faceted, first you need to aim well, second to move well, but most important, and the thing you pick up? Is to listen. Each enemy or challenge comes with key audio tricks, and the volume indicates distance. In time you're running, shooting, and ****ing yourself. I would say this game is worth the standard 5 bucks cost, but arguably given the scope, it's a sale purchase unless you KNOW you like sadistic challenge."
,Recommended,422970,30910619,Posted: 2 April,all,TheEpicBurrito,"This game is extremely challenging, and extremely addicting. Can take up either 5 minutes or 5 hours of your time if you let it."
76561197977968203,Recommended,422970,26622433,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DusteD {DK},"This is a [real, pure, true, distilled, excellent, beautiful, brilliant, awesome, fantastic, amazing, mesmerizing] game.This is the kind of game you sit with for a minute and 4 days later you realize there's nothing else in the world than this game and good music. This is the kind of game you sit down with and feel like ""ahh, I'm home"".I'm always saying.. ""Oh, it's okay, but it's not quake"", well.. this is quake.. this is more quake than quake, this is a high form of art.Buy it, get good."
76561198167773554,Recommended,422970,26498204,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nobody,"FOR FIVE DOLLARS!? for a game like this it is so much worth a buy. you can be a casual player and play this but its easy to get stuck in the endless cycle of the ``one more try``this game is a bit like dark souls. you know when you lose but something just dont let you stop playing? well this game is just like that.Also, every computer can handle this game. seriously, look a its graphics"
76561198055171374,Recommended,422970,26479739,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Fresh Hands,"Great writing, dense plot, gay bromance, beautiful scenery, crafting, skilltrees...and then there's Devil Daggers.No fancy stuff, no compromises. One level of Quake straight from hell.+kill-die"
,Recommended,422970,26487773,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,JAMALAMMA,50 mins in and my hands are alread trained to click LMB whenever i see something red and shiny
,Recommended,422970,26497680,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TinkerTyler,"Old school arcade style shooter.  Run around in a dark room and kill things from hell.  If you like ""high score"" style games that make you sweat, then this is for you."
,Recommended,422970,25882356,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,airmaverick,Devil Daggers is like getting punched in the face by the year 1996 and chewing bubblegum.. ..and we're all outta gum.
76561198260608805,Recommended,422970,25933593,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,raingoo,lit
,Recommended,422970,25930516,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,QBob,Serious Sam's worst nightmare.
,Recommended,422970,26404068,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,A Rising Ape,Serious Sam for masochists. Love it.
,Recommended,422970,26443256,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Fawn,"This is my favorite time-killer. Simple, challenging, beautiful, and really fun. Can't wait to see what the developer makes next."
,Recommended,422970,26441619,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BlazKingEA,Best game ever madeholy♥♥♥♥♥♥its good
,Recommended,422970,26244449,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DarkGuil,Dying all the time.Repeat.8.5/10
76561198072611898,Recommended,422970,26427032,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,its ya boi greg,"Very difficult but very rewarding, and much more tactical than you think. Takes a lot of thought to deal with enemies in an orderly fashion and maintain awareness amidst all the chaos."
,Recommended,422970,21410776,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,spucrl,Good old 90s shooter feels
,Recommended,422970,21408559,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SLIK,"This game is such a breath of fresh air! In today's day of DLC, pay to play, three hour campaign and laragely focused on multiplayer ... This game is fast-paced and violent, just like the best era of games - Quake III Arena and Unreal Tournament. The game is ridiculously difficult, but that just makes it that much better. I saw the playthrough video onTheAwesomer.comyesterday, I watched a few more videos, bought it last night and have already bought it for a friend.As a rule, I abhor multiplayer, but I think this game would KILL with co-op. Chat-coordinated strategy on such a small map during the high stress of insta-kill all around you ... that's multiplayer valhalla.I can play this at 170fps, but that doesn't really matter haha. Keep doing what you're doing guys, this game is GREAT!"
,Recommended,422970,21718581,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Nosferatu,Modern feel with a retro look. Extremely challanging arcade-style game.
,Recommended,422970,21741542,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ItsMeAmory,"It's like Dark Souls Hard had a love child with Nintendo Hard.They schemed to drown it in a bathtub, but it snapped both of their necks while they slept.666/10"
76561198026094275,Recommended,422970,21746743,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,longlivetheother,"Spectacular arcade action. I keep getting sucked into the ""just one more try"" trap. I am not sure how you could better spend 5 bucks."
76561198035598844,Recommended,422970,21741506,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,D4RQ,"Addictive and F***ing Awesome, great game for killing time and racking up high scores. I also like how there is no tutorial and much of the players skill comes from observation as well as trial and error."
76561197978063625,Recommended,422970,21756327,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,HulaGremlin,"This game takes old school shooters to the max level of precision and focus.  For the price I would recommend this game to anyone who ever enjoyed Doom, Hexen, Duke Nukem, etc.  The key difference here is that its a competitive scoreboard driven by how long you live.  Not by a score, or by advancement in levels.  Simply by the second and tenth of a second etc that you survive.  I've made it to 89 seconds and cant wait to go futher.  Every level of progression into the various stages energizes you and empowers you to dig deeper.  It demands patience but is totally worth it.  The leaderboard replay option that allows you to watch any scored run from the players perspective is insanely amazing.  10/10"
76561198146217109,Recommended,422970,24921197,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Spoon,"This game is just.....I don't know how to explain it, it's just too good. Heck, I feel like the price tag just doesn't fit this game, it's quite cheap. In my opinion they should raise the price tag. The game is way better then other typical $5 games out there."
76561198129150516,Recommended,422970,24917332,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheBro4Reasons,"I have played this for 20 minutes and I'm already in love. This game is absolutely insane, my record so far is 60 seconds after that Its insane.Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,422970,24913415,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,shtyftu,Simple. Grinding. Addictive.
,Recommended,422970,24897590,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,T A K L O P,"This game is incredibly fun. If you liked games like Quake, Doom, Unreal Tournement, or even Serious Sam, you'd more than likely love this game.There is no ""campaign"" as such, it is a never ending level where you just have to survive as long as you can. When you die, restarting is basically instant, which makes the game incredibly addictive, and minimising the annoyance or frustration.It's incredibly hard and pulls no punches, the longest runs ever recorded are around 10 minutes, with many people struggling to break 1 - 2 minutes.Graphics are oldschool but still look good, the sound design is great and the sound directions are very useful for detecting the most important threat.Play this game, it's incredible value for money and one of the best games I've purchased in recent months."
76561198088172379,Recommended,422970,30890311,Posted: 1 April,all,levelatoll,"Masterfully deigned, great atmosphere only amplified by the best sound design I've ever had the pleasure to hear in a game.Creepy, quick, the goal is to survive with unlimited daggers at your disposal, one hit will kill you and there's nothing keeping you alive except the skill you can show in controlling hoardes of enemies.If you are thinking of playing this game, remember, this game is just as much on the x-axis as the y-axis10/10"
,Recommended,422970,26109919,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,D2KWallfenstein,"Ok so honestly this is a weird game.It can seem incredibly boring at first glance being only a survival shooter which at first you'll only be lasting like 60-100 seconds each life. Then you'll be restarting and playing through the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again.But now this is why I love it. It's addictive af, when you start getting 250+seconds in it just gets better and better. it can get so intense and it just makes you want to play again. The longest I've made it was 380 seconds and that was insane af. I honestly don't know how I've put like 40 hours or whatever into this. It was all worth it though. great game."
76561198035130556,Recommended,422970,26154256,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,LurkingMan,in hell murder fun
,Recommended,422970,26302828,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hobo Kitty [DG],Tense and super challenging.
,Recommended,422970,26326876,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ghibli99,"The Super Hexagon of first-person shooters. I've only hit silver rank after 5 hours, but everything about this game is refined perfection. Once it clicks, you won't be able to stop playing. Late-'90s design, fantastically disturbing sound, and extemely responsive controls. For $5 or cheaper, you can't go wrong."
76561198067901832,Recommended,422970,26367100,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Professor Olavo,"Amazing, worth every penny"
76561198002826497,Recommended,422970,26971536,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ginsu48,Devil Daggers has a great atmosphere and addicting gameplay. An ode to the classics like quake and unreal. Worth the 5$ 100%
76561198117313027,Recommended,422970,26953541,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Princess Twilight Sparkle 04,"Devil Daggers is one of the hardest games I've played, You are in an arena and constintly being swarmed by different types of demons. You can shoot daggers out of your hand (as a neverending stream or shotgun blast) there is a timer to see how long you can survive, the goal is to survive as long as possible (or 500 seconds)."
,Recommended,422970,26967823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Katana Squirrel,"Devil Daggers is a near perfect arcade experience. There is a speed to the shooting that feels unmatched and, quite frankly, unwieldy when you first start playing. Once you get a grip on the speed, though, you'll find a game with the replayability of some of the best ""One more round"" games."
,Recommended,422970,27027599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AquiLaX,Gives me the feels 10/10
76561198206673984,Recommended,422970,26377012,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Twinkie Smasher,"Intense, tough as nails, amazing enemy design, even better sound design on top of that and just really fun.Good luck surviving for just a minute."
,Recommended,422970,27072896,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dojo ruckers,"This game is sexy, reminds me of Quake 1 ;)"
,Recommended,422970,26813258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cS | TheGloriousAlpacaKing,"Fast-paced and very difficult, this is a great mixture!This game is one of the hardest (if not the hardest) games i have ever played, but it's so goddamn amazing!One of the best aspects of the game is the sound design which is brilliant.But the nice retro graphics shine aswell, as do the tight controls!I can only recommend it so much for the wopping price of 4,99 !!!!"
,Recommended,422970,26804412,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,auhsan,.
,Recommended,422970,26835769,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LonelyPixel - Not a Hero,its cool
,Recommended,422970,26849816,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nadescavenger,"""No fancy capes, no plaid skirts, just brutal shocking horror""."
76561197971330003,Recommended,422970,26857680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Particlese,"This is a near-daily game for me, though in small doses thanks to its ferocity.  It's the sort of game where, if it clicks with you and you stick with it, you'll likely find yourself slowly improving and discovering progressively subtler aspects of how it plays.Also of note to me is that it's an awesome game available on Linux, but it's not flawlessly awesome there since it just dumps its save files in a non-hidden folder in your home dir, whereas it nicely hides that stuff away under AppData on WIndows.  I'd knock Devil Daggers down a notch for that if this Steam score wasn't binary, but in the end, I love this game and would recommend to anyone that they at least try it, even with that one caveat in place."
76561198120605698,Recommended,422970,26701896,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BodaciousBossBeast,I thought it was hard but amazing.
76561198092593279,Recommended,422970,26914036,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DDemiDo,Real brutal challenge. Play if you think you have what it takes.
76561198125507457,Recommended,422970,26909917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mergo,Try not to die.
76561198030136048,Recommended,422970,26904987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viking Blonde,"272 SECONDS AND I CAN FEEL MY HEART IN MY MOUTH.GAME OF THE YEAR, EVERY YEAR"
,Recommended,422970,26895691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,applecar,Very hardcore.
,Recommended,422970,26853901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zacagawea,I recommend this to others
,Recommended,422970,26928581,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crasp! :D,Distilled FPS greatness.
,Recommended,422970,26922831,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mazetrap,This game is dope
,Recommended,422970,26919375,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,drippy skull,hail satan10/10
,Recommended,422970,26931928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HuGo,The most addictive game ever!
,Recommended,422970,25706392,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,solidcrazyy,"If you like fast paced first person shooter of the 90’s you going to love Devil’s Dagger. Set in an arena like shooter with the arcade style of one life, one hit, one death, and an endless legions of  Lovecraftian horror to play with. It’s a marathon to see how long you can last. It’s safe to say, you’re going to have a scary good time."
,Recommended,422970,25808631,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,themonkeybob11,Awesome game.  Tight gameplay and extremely addicting.
,Recommended,422970,25465732,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,FadeAway47,"A bizarre, chilling and terrific moodpiece. Remember to ram up the volume. Would love to see this being expanded as a full-length title someday."
,Recommended,422970,25640648,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,RagDollRat,Good.
,Recommended,422970,25974600,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Xernist,Just get it and it will get you.
,Recommended,422970,27108531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Node,"Pros: A literally perfect experience, but a short, concentrated one. The most fun I've had trying to improve a high score since Geometry Wars.Cons: You'll wonder why every FPS doesn't control this good.At a certain skill level, the first 90 seconds or so start to feel like slog."
,Recommended,422970,27427600,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bombini,Very good game.
,Recommended,422970,28042856,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aerthur,And I thought herion was addictive...
76561197993464518,Recommended,422970,28397917,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gabul,Incredible good game!!
,Recommended,422970,28213642,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,bamjeep,Brutally difficult yet fun as hell.
,Recommended,422970,27965768,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Teo,"cheap, easy and quick way to develop serious heart problems"
,Recommended,422970,28580678,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MacAlmighty,"98% of the review are positive, and for good reason. (Plus, a few of the negative reviews are positive reviews, just discouraging casual players from playing). Good fun."
76561198038668298,Recommended,422970,27486209,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sir Challah Ballah,Just buy it. It's cheap and kickass in every fps aspect.
,Recommended,422970,27407819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Genet1c,Simply FPS madness. Highly recommended.
76561198030324038,Recommended,422970,27408008,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,QQ,"This game truly is a hidden gem. I nominated it for a Steam Award under the ""We couldn't think of everything"" category as a ""Hidden Gem"". Super easy to dive into, addictive, and solid all around. Game feel is a 10/10 and the mechanics as well as enemies are diverse. If you need something to play during queue times for competitive games, to pass the time between classes, or a new challenging game unlike many others Devil Daggers is the game for you."
76561198005024241,Recommended,422970,27337235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chivibro,"It's hard, it's atmospheric, it's spooky, and it's super fun. If you're sick of fps games that make you take cover while reloading and want to play a game that made you rely on fast reflexes just to survive like in the old days, then this might be for you"
76561198040774815,Recommended,422970,27396061,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Garbage Panda,One thing to sum this game up..adrenaline rush. Love it.
,Recommended,422970,27404513,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gb,"Pure, unadulterated, adrenaline-packed fun. Great sound design and lovely quake-like movement. Very addicting."
,Recommended,422970,27395040,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magic 8 Ball,it good
,Recommended,422970,27288639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lagreskul,"So, I would consider myself hopelessly addicted to the game at the moment.To get this out of the way, I suck at it.Two and a half minutes is my best run time, gained only through persistently trying to improve my movement, necessary for juking the swarm and to be able to aim even slightly competently. But yet, two-hundred fifty deaths later, most of them lasting forty-five seconds (have a tendency to focus down the spider-skulls, briefly ignoring the skulls, perhaps too long, though my forty-fivers have greatly diminished since the discovery that you can still shoot their head even when they're tucked in) to ninety seconds, I am still wanting to play it. Even with adrenaline pumping (seriously, my kidneys hurt right now) and hands quivering as much as your character affter power-ups,  I want to jump in for more (after I calm down a bit.Would totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,422970,27359871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jALEN WEISE,cant. stop. playing.
,Recommended,422970,27346135,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fullmetal Darkflight,Devil Daggers is terrifying but oh so addictive
,Recommended,422970,27377741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BONE MERCHANT,good game
,Recommended,422970,27376953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TechnoVIKING,A very simple FPS game. Addicting and fun while at the same time. I recommend buying this game.
,Recommended,422970,27344391,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Perhaps a Giraffe,A true test of skill and patience determined by your ability to keep a steady mind in the face of overwhelming danger. Super cheap and super fun.
,Recommended,422970,22530186,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,IRideBarney,Absolutely love this game.
,Recommended,422970,22420615,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,PS.Geodawg!,"There are very few shooters on the market right now that ""feel"" as fluid and chunky as Devil Daggers. Learning the patterns of enemies is all fine and dandy, but the rush of elation and terror that fills you after pulling off some crazy bunny hop-into-180 spin-into-shotgun blast-into-rocket jump-into-tower kill is so wholly unique to the abysmal arena.It's a very ""one trick pony"" sorta game, but Christ in a handbasket, does it nail that trick with aplomb. Even though I've technically ""beaten"" the game at this point, I still kinda feel the pull to go back in and keep climbing that leaderboard, something I don't think I've been able to say about any other game I've ever played.Devil Daggers is a joy. You'll hate it, and then love it, and then really, REALLY hate it, and then, if you're lucky, you and Satan will come to a mutual understanding.and then you'll ♥♥♥♥ing shotgun his goddam chandelier face in YEAH I TOLD YOU WHAT'S WHAT SATAN, THAT'S RIGHT GET ON WITH IT"
,Recommended,422970,22484215,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Caligula,This is a perseverance test. And it feels awesome.
,Recommended,422970,22306585,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Gahd Danghet Bobby,Now for Steam VR!
,Recommended,422970,22315433,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,DancingSoldier,"Devil Daggers is a fast, wave survival game.If you want to prove to your friends that you are better than them at FPS games, get this game and tell them to get it too and beat your highscore. The gunplay is fast, agile, accurate, difficult and satisfying. It does involve repeating the same level over and over and over again, but everytime you survive 1 second longer than your last high score, you feel like a badass.Sound design is perfect, enemy designs are very creative and hellish. The only achievement in the game is pretty much a badge of badassery that you get after surviving long enough. The low price and addictive gameplay make this game and instant reccomendation if you like FPS games and challenging gameplay."
,Recommended,422970,21485876,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Toast,Yes
,Recommended,422970,22334741,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Robin Villon,The best thing since sliced bread...And i'm a baker.
,Recommended,422970,22329817,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,InstantRabies,>Game is hard
,Recommended,422970,21431819,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,cyro,"A challenging, spartan, doom-feels punching (knifing? ;P ) fps.ProsDoesn't hold you hand.Tight controlsYou can't pause, which is respectable :)Awesome lowfi styleAs of 7/7/2015 now works on my Macbook Pro from 2010 running El CapitanConsMac port is a little intensive ~80ºC cpu temps"
76561198117422116,Recommended,422970,30970422,Posted: 5 April,all,Last_Call_9,"This game is just amazing. I saw the record video before I bought this and I thought ""this is pretty crazy"". At the time I'm writting this I only have 7 hours in the game, but this game just makes you want to come back and beat your record. It takes a little while to get used to all of the patterns and everything, but once you do you need to learn the new patterns which makes you want to keep playing and get good. If you are a competitive person then this game is for you. Plus it's only $5. I say give it a try."
,Recommended,422970,28091472,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"freddie ""bong hit"" johnson",good game if you like good games
76561198106670302,Recommended,422970,28024247,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sam The Destroyer,"this game was overall amazing, i have nothing bad to say about this game. From its fast paced gameplay to its great controls. This game is just wonderful!  10/10"
,Recommended,422970,28026014,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xako,Well there definitely are a few daggers.
,Recommended,422970,28025185,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hocus McBogus,"Sound design is top notch.Replay system is aces.If you dig shooters, this is worth a shot."
76561198067559670,Recommended,422970,28002164,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IWANTBACONSTRIP,For some reason living 12 seconds longer than your PB shoots you up a couple hundred spots on the leaderboards.For some reason this makes you extremely satisfied.
,Recommended,422970,27987373,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bunst3r,Simple and addictive.10/10
,Recommended,422970,28001381,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Uboa Noticed You,"A small, simple Quake-inspired score attack game. For the price of a large coffee you can simulate the effects of caffine addiction while feeling as vulnerable as the small, fleshy mortal you are. Score attack games thrive on strong repetition, and the challenge is to keep what's effectively the same thing over and over interesting for a long period of time. This is where Devil Daggers thrives. You have only a moment to appreciate the simulated software rendering and the way the pixelated lighting bounces off the ground, much as you do. You're too busy purging and purifying colossal eldritch pillars birthing clouds of skulls before the rams gore you and send you crumpling to the floor.Be warned, however, that you need to really like old school shooters to enjoy this for any amount of time longer than 5 minutes. There's no story, no progression, no new things to unlock. The only thing motivating you is the act of playing, and the opportunity to beat whoever nudged 1ms ahead of you on the leaderboards. For someone like me, who holds Quake in an almost holy regard, this game is perfect, and ended up being my favorite shooter this year."
76561198035687714,Recommended,422970,27903912,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrTibss,"This game is pure, unbridled chaos wrapped up in a nice litle bundle. The simplistic nature of its gameplay allows it to remain stream lined and focus on what its really about, which is throwing as much insanity at you as you can handle until your gored, devourec, or maimed in the process. Im fairly confident that this is actually a secret training program for some kind of top secret government orginization, slowly honing the skills of crazed lunatics around the world so that when the demons invade we will be ready."
,Recommended,422970,27910036,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shodan2020,Pulse pounding lightning quick FPS arena game with a creepy skull aesthetic! You will die over and over again to squeak out another few seconds to beat your friends' times on the leaderboards.
,Recommended,422970,27929407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gamer,"'Devil Daggers' is a fun little game to play when bored. It doesnt have a story (at least from what I've found) and it is purely singleplayer leaderboard fun. It's great to play when you've got time to kill, it isnt overly expensive and it can get competitive when your friends get a better time. The art style is pixel like with a dark-gothic theme. Overall I'd recommend the game to anyone who has stumbled upon it or asks me what im playing."
76561198071155583,Recommended,422970,28478899,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Moon Man,This game is incredibly hard. There are no words to describe how hard it is. If you are looking for a good challenge this is the game for you.
76561198005547120,Recommended,422970,28357679,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Bad Spider,"A brutal first-person arena-shooter requiring quick reflexes and calm under pressure, with enemies both numerous and merciless. The atmosphere is both minimal and oppressive, having only a single arena, lit only by the magic at your fingertips, and the music that sparsely plays eerily in the background of the menus.For a game which sees you playing for every small second, it's accrued a good amount of time from me, and I'll be heading back to it when spare time allots."
,Recommended,422970,26865895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robo-JK,"Too hard for me, i love <3"
,Recommended,422970,28730345,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,S@M740,You may think this game is very easy. One spawner. Simple weak monsters. But overtime it gets overwhelmingly difficult. More monsters spawn and the game gets more difficult at every second. Beat my score at 117 Seconds!
,Recommended,422970,27671310,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Easy,Never thought shooting AI would be so difficult.-32 out of 32 raging norwegians
,Recommended,422970,27597841,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SpaceWorm,"I am terrible at this game, but that doesn't stop me from sinking tons of time into it trying to get just a little further. Controls are simple, which is good because you need to master them to last any significant amount of time."
,Recommended,422970,27604527,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Steelreserve,"One the the funnest most chellenging games I own. The game is pretty much identical on every run you do but that is a good thing. You'll find yourself dying over and over again but improving with familiarity and experience of the enemy spawn patterns.You can fire two different types of shot. A constant line of fire and a shotgun like burst. Either type of shot has its pros and cons and there is no right or wrong usage here, it all boils down to a matter of preference. The only other thing you can do really is jump and ""rocket jump"" which takes some skill to become useful. You can collect crystals that the spawners and some mobs drop and if you get enough your hand (your gun) will power up temporarily and become more powerful. Watching high score replays I've seen different strategies used to make the best use of crystal collection to obtain ever higher scores fromAnother compelling aspect of the game is the simple leader board. If you have friends that also play Devil Daggers, topping his or her score can become an addicting element of competition.The visuals and atmosphere are nostalgically familiar to games like the original Quake and other pixely shooters and I have no complaints in that department. I recommend playing with the field of view turned all the way up in order to see the enemies in your peripherals easier.By far the best thing about this game is the sound and ambient soundscapes. Playing with headphones is a terrific experience as you can hear where the enemies are around you.For what it is, I have no complaints whatsoever about Devil Daggers and would give it the maximum number of stars if the reviewing system were that kind. For now I'll recommend this game with a thumbs up."
76561198206610084,Recommended,422970,27678804,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trash-setä,"One of the best underated games released this year. Its simple, addicting and makes use of an experimantel but excelent audio design."
,Recommended,422970,27255514,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rapi3r,"Fast. Unforgiving. Yet, I'm still coming back."
,Recommended,422970,27768101,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dat Dan,Hand hurts after every session. Worth it...I was talking about playing Devil Daggers. What did you think I was talking about?
76561198006476252,Recommended,422970,27882023,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dekados,Just one more try...
,Recommended,422970,26703454,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DaddyBojangles,BF1 had some pretty crazy moments from♥♥♥♥♥♥going on here and♥♥♥♥♥♥blowing up over there....but this game is like avoiding people throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥in your face while your standing in a bathtub..666/10 would take♥♥♥♥♥♥in the face again.
,Recommended,422970,27802560,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Uggy,"Do you want frustration on a level that is comparable to Super Meat Boy?This game definitely delivers on that factor. Key differences between this and Super Meat Boy is that this is an FPS and instead of levels, it's a survival game based on how long you can go untouched by all hell's spawn that is sent after you.Your choice of weapon is a hand that throws daggers. The more spawn you kill, the more gems you get. The more gems you get, the more daggers you can throw.This game is super hard, but while frustrating, a lot of fun if you're into the old school Quake-style shooter.It's also extremely satisfying when youfinallybeat your (or some of your friends' for that matter) highscore."
76561198090969216,Recommended,422970,27805368,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrAmphibious,Even though this can become quite rageful and addictive...its definitely worth it if your into the classic area style of games :)
,Recommended,422970,27821563,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fly,This is a great little game (and I'd like to see it in VR).It's quake style jumping and movement against an endless wave of enemies. Easy combat with lots of reliability.
76561198040712330,Recommended,422970,28034398,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,highndry_,Fell of platform.10/10 would do it again.
76561197995110639,Recommended,422970,28034665,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dogbert,"Difficult, but very addictive. Pretty simple premise which is to survive as long as possible by killing hoards of nightmarish enemies before they get to you."
76561198156936703,Recommended,422970,27758177,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Failboy12345,I love the unique graphics and sounds.
76561198025017638,Recommended,422970,27758369,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Albetmachine,Me: Peace?Skull Mob: No peace!
76561198152000092,Recommended,422970,27706211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Proninium,"Devil daggers i an FPS game with graphics similar to the original Quake. You will fight against the armies of hell alone and on a small platform surrounded by void. The playstyle is also very similar to old-school arena shooters, with only basic inputs such as fire, jump, move and altfire. If you die you have to start all over again, there is no saving, witch makes the game very fast paced, amd most people don't make it past a minute or so.pros:-cheap-fast paced-old-school arena shooter inspired-individual runs don't last that long, so you can play it when you don't have a lot of timecons:-graphics (I like the artstyle of the game, but some people might not like the PS1 era 3D graphics)-hard (A lot of people will get discouraged by the hard difficulty)"
76561198010027542,Recommended,422970,30223852,Posted: 27 February,all,MustaBeenRatz,"You shall know hell, when your face will start itching while playing."
,Recommended,422970,30316853,Posted: 4 March,all,ุ,"This is a great but hard game. Its really fun, and you will have to kill the swarms quickly, or you'll DIE! XD"
76561198071443791,Recommended,422970,30306267,Posted: 3 March,all,"Take that, punk creeper!","An endless onslaught of hellish monsters spontaneously emerges from a vast abyss, screeching and howling as they fulfill your inescapable doom...My kind of game!"
76561198159044960,Recommended,422970,30269760,Posted: 1 March,all,MattRo,I got 148 with a trackpad... Now Ive really been to hell
,Recommended,422970,30364758,Posted: 6 March,all,stroopwafel,"Really excellent game. The graphical style is clearly inspired by the original Quake, it looks wonderful. The sound design is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing masterful, everything sounds spooky as hell. Just keep in mind that the game is hard, and you will die very quickly at first. Takes a lot of practice to get a half-decent score.Absolutely would recommend to anyone who is a fan of fast paced FPS and challenging games"
,Recommended,422970,30323483,Posted: 4 March,all,Cate,I came here to die.
,Recommended,422970,25663503,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,HYUK,good game+frag
,Recommended,422970,30349808,Posted: 5 March,all,Gnarslogge,"This game is a god damn masterpiece.  Most (most) of the negative reviews are from people who played less than an hour.  One of the more common complaints is that it's too hard, and that there isn't enough content.These people are wrong.There is SO MUCH MORE to this game than at first glance.  The better you get at the game, the more you see of what lies beyond the first couple minutes.  Not only that, but it's surprisingly strategic.  You will eventually develop a routine for the first minute, and for the minutes after that.  The first two minutes that you struggled with so badly become child's play.Aside from the gameplay, the leaderboard is one of the best features in the game.  You can watch replays from other players, and go into a top-down view to see the whole playing field.  The best players' replays are the key to getting better.  Watch them, and learn from them.Honestly I can't recommend this game enough.  It's one of the best shooters I've played in a while, and while it is repetitive, the drive to improve your time by just a few seconds is very strong.  If you buy this game, you need to devote some time to it so you can see what it has to offer.  Don't make a judgement from the first hour."
76561198021264750,Recommended,422970,31186042,Posted: 16 April,all,Kamilza12,"I feel like this game just deserves the word addicting.It's alot like Asteroids, it can be alot of fun depending on your mood but theres really nothing to do except try and get a high score.Asteroids is always fun to play once in a while and so is this, I don't know how the game could be improved because I feel if you add things its just gonna ruin the core gameplay which is all this is, just plain fun.The only thing I'd reccommend is adding a Easy, Normal and Hard mode, then leave a classic mode so that people who play this very diffcult game can test their ability progressively and train in those different modes.Other than that though I feel like if anything else is added it's just gonna ruin the game, so if you enjoy Pacman or Asteroids and your willing to pay for those games to have a little bit of fun then you'd be willing to pay for this."
,Recommended,422970,30273376,Posted: 1 March,all,FŧŞĦFŧИŞ,I made it 80 seconds.I'm kind of a big deal.
76561197971519037,Recommended,422970,30272901,Posted: 1 March,all,Gutterman,"Fun little game with a classic feel. It looks like Quake lets be real here but thats ok. If you like hell this is for you. Endless shooter, drop in shot, move, die, die, die repeat. It's not endless because it ends, typically very soon. Just on more run.8/10-minus for no music or optionsMust play Deathmetal music to this."
,Recommended,422970,30271364,Posted: 1 March,all,Yuriwa,"Well, I've got 116 minutes played, so I'm nearing the point of no return. I bought the game to try it out, knowing that it'd be a hit or a miss. The game, after all, unapoligetically offers one thing, and one thing only. If you don't like the idea of throwing daggers at flying skulls, you may want to hold off on this one. Well it turns out I REALLY LIKE throwing daggers at flying skulls, so I'm gonna keep it. Unfortunately, I also think I'm developing some carpal tunnel."
,Recommended,422970,21610075,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,PDT,the ultimate challege.
76561198064303527,Recommended,422970,30162630,Posted: 25 February,all,"""Not Satan""","This is the perfect arcade game, and it only could have been fully realized on PC. Rather than a convoluted storyline or intricate game mechanics, Devil Daggers presents you with a very simple control scheme and only one goal; survive. Pro tip: You can't. This game will challenge anyone for the first few hundred tries, and by then, you'll be hooked.The learning curve is steep, and the enemies a sadistically hard- Just the way I like it.No matter what kind of gamer you are, or what genre you prefer, this game belongs in your library. It's affordable, can suck up hours of your time, and can run on almost anything, barring (Most) calculators.Why are you still reading this? You should be trying to beat your high score right now!"
,Recommended,422970,31397590,Posted: 27 April,all,SpookyBoot,Are you a millenial?Do you want to know why the 90s was the best?Play this game.it's OG Doom mixed with OG Quakewith Arcade style gameplay.great time killer
76561198006683669,Recommended,422970,31399919,Posted: 27 April,all,haps,The single greatest shooter I have played. Its everything I've ever wanted.
76561198129901273,Recommended,422970,31418969,Posted: 28 April,all,CowMan,Good for just playing for a small time and then coming back
76561198022253242,Recommended,422970,31426470,Posted: 28 April,all,LetsGoHome,This game is fantastic and brutal. I consistently come back to it. I definitely suggest if you like a challenge and atmosphere.
,Recommended,422970,31405342,Posted: 27 April,all,ツ bullied,"8.5/10First glance: Very simple concept of a game, very darkI truly think that this game is a very good game. It is a very simple game, with only about 5 controls and a simple goal: survive as long as possible against the endless rounds of devils. It gives me chills everytime I start a new game and it is scary and hard as ♥♥♥♥. Overall I would recommend this game to anyone if you can last, because it is very hard to get far in this game."
76561198024171832,Recommended,422970,31469015,Posted: 30 April,all,5DollarShake,"Devildaggers provides a nostalgic shooting experience that will get you in a certain flow that feels very rewarding.The graphics are hella-cool, so is the sound (play with headphones!). The difficulty is high, which reminds me of older games, especially big arcade titles.Be lucky there is no ""insert coin"".Great game to play in between games that require more time and a special title on my list."
,Recommended,422970,28939513,Posted: 2 January,all,Lulleri,Great
,Recommended,422970,28880437,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hfour,Лучшего применения 129 рублям просто не найти.
,Recommended,422970,28880131,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sweetwindexman,"Buy it. Probably one of the best FPS' out there right now regardless of whether there's a story or not and there's a sh*tload of content if you can make it past 80 seconds. That's my best time personally but it's like The Impossible Game in HOW it's fun in that it's not the destination, it's the ride."
,Recommended,422970,28875059,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MVPaun,good
,Recommended,422970,28872653,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lungsman,"My first experience playing Devil Daggers:-Hey, a shiny dagger!-Guess I'm here now.-Look, I can shoot these orange things!-What's that nois--*dead*"
,Recommended,422970,29027615,Posted: 4 January,all,Captain Desultory,"As close to perfection as any human endeavour has come. If your spine hasn't tingled enough today, go and play some Devil Daggers!"
76561198008262617,Recommended,422970,29022997,Posted: 4 January,all,Sum Fukn FrenchToast,"The game is amazing.....it just does what it does so well. Think of it like one of the best arcade experiences ever - rewarding refinement of your skills with a higher score over and over again. Its an old school game, but it has so much visual flare and eeriness to its presentation. The sounds in this game are also a big part of that. Its intense, unrelenting, and very addictive - and whats more you can watch the replays of the highscores of your buddy's or anyone on the leaderboards.Too good - best $5 I ever spent on Steam."
76561198025777873,Recommended,422970,28997081,Posted: 3 January,all,Fish,"Best 5 dollars I've ever spentPros- Fast paced.- Skill based, you need to learn the enemys, patters, and how to aim in order to progress. No luck.- Sound Design, sounds great and is an integral part of the gameplay- Interesting graphics, looks good and allows you to see everything if you know what to look for.Cons- Repetative, once you learn the pattern it is easy to repeat. (The game is 5 dollars)"
76561198215831792,Recommended,422970,28779140,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AuntJemimaLord69,"okay, first of all- this is probably the hardest game I've ever played, and that's coming from someone who's beaten Supermeatboy and HotlineMiami 1&2. That said, it's also one of the best games I've ever played. I would describe it as a hardcore arcade game for people who enjoy first-person shooters. Because that's essentially what this game is- an arcade game- since the only object of the game is to beat your previous highscore. Theres no levels, you're always on the same huge platform floating in the middle of a black void. There's also nothing in the way of a storyline, but I think that was intentional, to emphasize how gameplay-driven this game really is. You can tell that a lot of effort was put into perfecting the physics- running, strafing, jumping, and rocket jumping feel seamless. The game makes you feel like a worthless weakling every time an enemy kills you in one hit, yet God-like when you've upgraded your weapon a bit, and you rocket jump around the map like a gleeful idiot, just absolutely shredding through enemies. The level of difficulty in this game is relentless, and if you're up for a challenge (which you should be) it'll drive you to get better. And once you're good at this game, you enjoy it all the more. I've put about 10 hours in to this game so far, and I can anticipate puttin in many many more in the future.IT'S A ♥♥♥♥IN 10/10 GG"
,Recommended,422970,28779835,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mac,"Have you ever played Dark Souls and thought... ""Hmm... I dont die enough""? Well, this is the game for you!I can barely last a minute and I havent even gotten to the good part yet. Is it hard? Yes. Do I suck? Yes. Do I hate it? Surprisngly no, the sound effects are perfect and will send chills down your spine. The visuals? Let's just say its very PS1-like   which is NOT a bad thing, I actually like it. The gameplay is arcade-like which is a nice twist from most games today.Overall, would I recommend this game? Yes, if youre willing to learn the game and practice a lot"
76561198039982263,Recommended,422970,29070768,Posted: 6 January,all,Sonic Fan-Art,"Pros:- PERFECT sound design- Crisp and tight controls- Wonderful visuals; clearly defined, yet just obscured enough to spark the imagination- An interesting mechanical take on Lovecraftian horror- IT'S ONLY 5 BUCKS?!Cons:- NONE. What, you think it's too hard? Git gud, you casul ♥♥♥♥♥.10/10; If this isn't the best game of 2016, it's still one of the best."
,Recommended,422970,29130069,Posted: 8 January,all,Master Saitama,"The perfect blend of FPS, Shmup, and Survival Horror elements."
76561198067093937,Recommended,422970,31954121,Posted: 25 May,all,alexandrep,The only scenario in which I can be legitimately proud to have lasted 2 minutes.
,Recommended,422970,31797622,Posted: 16 May,all,lo,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is hard.Devil Daggers, the must-own game for all Quake fans. This game is really well devolped and really ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I've actually got over 150 seconds in the game, which may be like ""Phhff, thats easy, this dude is just really bad at the game"" Pay for this game then tell me how easy that is. (Quake fans pls no attack) Yes I am terrible at this game, but knowing that only 1 of my friends has also gotten over 150 seconds is pretty hard, and I have 6 friends that own this game. (Shut up!)I'll write a proper review soon, but here are some quick thoughts on this game.Buy it ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,422970,31907875,Posted: 22 May,all,imax,"This game is made of awesomeness, and misery, and demons, and death, and misery. Do recomment, will play again."
,Recommended,422970,31887929,Posted: 21 May,all,Nuka,"Exhilerating. It constantly ramps up, and provides just enough feedback to feel modern while keeping a retro vibe. If this was an arcade game, I would run out of quarters."
,Recommended,422970,31983155,Posted: 26 May,all,Alejandro Haibi (Unknown),Super fun. Love the retro and hellish aesthetic
76561197970849298,Recommended,422970,32031094,Posted: 28 May,all,Snotvomit,"Superb game.Are you old enough to remember playing Defener in the arcades?If you're a hardcore gamer and you've never played this then you're missing an important piece of history - get it on MAME.Do you still play the original DOOM?  Start every level with a pistol and 50 rounds on (at least) Ultra Violent difficulty?  Modded it to Brutal Doom?Played Original Tempest/Tempest 2000?More recently, Meatboy etc?Devil Daggers is a PURE skill-based shooter.   It's like games used to be - simple on the surface but underneath, so complex that they take months to master and HARD!Devil Daggers is beautiful for its purity.  I've been playing for a total of 4 hours at this point and I am blown away.  It is the same vibe that Defender/Doom/Old school hard/skill based games have.No handholding with this game. You have to LEARN and PLAY 100%.  There is no quarter given.So far I have survived 63 seconds.   I know I will survive longer.   I get better as I play.This game sells for pocket change.  It is a masterpiece.  If you like old-school hard skill-based games then you will love this.Seriously.   Get this game and PLAY IT."
,Recommended,422970,32054392,Posted: 29 May,all,Ayyyylien,man my eyes are tired
,Recommended,422970,30023562,Posted: 18 February,all,strozzberry,"This game is unfriendly to newcomers..but damn is it fun. The game is brutal and learning the patterns of each enemy you come across over the course of many different attempts, then creating a your own style of attack to last longer in this evil game. The aesthetic is extremely dark and creepy....perfect. The sounds are perfect and essential for gameplay as they are to make aware to the user of what enemy is most near and about to strike. One hit kill...brutal but fair. Must buy. It's cheap, addictive, and hours of fun are to be had. Don't hesitate."
,Recommended,422970,30047834,Posted: 19 February,all,✯Eaglez✭,"This game brings addiction, constant movement, survival, 90s atmosphere and a ♥♥♥♥ing gore arena you are born into.... I would pick up the Dagger again, sure! 9/10"
,Recommended,422970,30051695,Posted: 19 February,all,Masina,"An amazing game, but only amazing once you understand the controls and how it works. There is NO tutorial, NO instructions on what youre supposed to do. If I hadn't been introduced to shooters before playing this game, I wouldve deleted it right off. Please, god, add at least a screen that shows the controls. It took me ages to find out that the spider sucks up all your diamonds and knowing that wouldve saved me so so so much time.Regardless of the ability to teach the player about the basics of the game, the graphics are great and the darkness surrounding you really adds to the feeling that youre not where you should be. The sound design is extremely solid and addds to both immersion and gameplay. I very much enjoyed the design of the hand as well, even though most of the time i was trying (and failing repeatedly) to control the crowd constantly gathering behind me.In conclusion, Devil Daggers is a very solid game and a great refresher for old-school FPS fans. 8/10"
,Recommended,422970,30106654,Posted: 22 February,all,Gorib Chele,That was probably the most stressful 5 minutes of my entire life. I loved it.
,Recommended,422970,30123185,Posted: 23 February,all,无情 | 57nG,"Surely this is fun and addictive but damn, its sort of irritating when it comes to a noob like me. Couldn't even survive for more than a minute. :<"
,Recommended,422970,30089312,Posted: 21 February,all,Anheurystics,"A very tense game, it embodiment of ""one more run"". I might never get that one achievement, let alone improve my score substantially, but I know that I'll be having fun trying."
76561198065539563,Recommended,422970,30089980,Posted: 21 February,all,TheFishInTheAir,This is one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,422970,26191825,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Neon,"--Warning-- Prepare to get skull♥♥♥♥edThis game, is beautiful. Easily the best five dollars I have spent. The graphics are nostalgic heavily based on the original quake. Polygon jitter, heavy pixellation filter. A ton of other rendering techniques to produce a game that looks beautiful. I would love the option to toy around with these settings, as after playing for so long the games visual nostalgia wears off. The game has a soundtrack that can be played through the steam music player. It doesn't play in-game but some parts of it do. The soundtrack really sets an uplifting yet corrupted dark atmosphere.I personally enjoy playing darksynth music while I play, it makes me feel like a complete badass. Mowing down hundreds of skeletons with my demon arm.This game is a perfect ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of nostalgia, and superb sound design, and feeling like a complete badass whenever you beat your high score slowly climbing to the top. Until your reflexes are godlike, wiping the floor with demons, and strafe jumping around perfectly dodging enemies left and right, while managing trying not to fall of the map.Do I recommend this game? ♥♥♥♥. Yes.Seriously though the games system of progression is so simple, yet bold and rewarding. Slowly figuring out enemies movement patterns, and using them to your advantage in order to reach the highest scores.Listen to some Perturbator on spotify while playing this, otherwise its hard to get into. Seriously darksynth, or synthwave in general will keep you going. Eventually your musle memory will kick in and be doing all the work for you, if you continue playing it will become instinct, and you will just be desicrating everything in sight. Before realizing, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I just did that.Also back on the sound design, every enemy has a distinct and different sound so you know what enemy is behind you before you even turn around --- as well a nice touch is the fact that enemies don't randomly spawn, they all have set time periods to spawn. So its not completely random, you have to progressively memorize different enemies spawning in different time periods. This comes in handly with the timer at the top of your screen.Also one of the best things I love about this game is the fact that your hitbox is so small you could fit through things thought impossible. It makes you feel badass running between the tiniest crevace between two enemies.This is easily one of the most impressive games, that actually manage to make a 'hardcore 90's shooter right'. Rather than just luring people in with neon-esque colors, and an awesome soundtrack. It actually delivers on the promise, both with the gameplay and visual design."
,Recommended,422970,30063195,Posted: 20 February,all,DoomMaker,"I bet that at least once in your life you've said ""gimmie a minute (or five)"", because you wanted to quickly do something, come back, bam, you're ready. Not until you've played this game will you realize how long are these god damned 5 f***ing minutes.I can also bet that adding even few seconds to your highscore in Devil Daggers will feel absolutely badass."
,Recommended,422970,30072482,Posted: 20 February,all,Machina,this game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
,Recommended,422970,30010068,Posted: 18 February,all,begiedz,It's nice for friend rivalisation. Audio-visual is inspiring and unique. I like it.
76561198108149559,Recommended,422970,31049464,Posted: 9 April,all,Ecchimania,"An extremely well done survival FPS reminicant of Quake with its low polygon models and chunky pixels, even down to bunny - hopping and strafe jumping."
,Recommended,422970,22167484,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,AshmoTheBagel,"Let me put it lightly, this game is extremly hard. It's very unique and has a great art style. Another part of this game that i love is figuring out the mechanics. You're lucky if you can make it past a minute. Devil Daggers is completly worth the price point it is at."
76561198031009393,Recommended,422970,28152499,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,R E A L N I B B A H O U R S,you play as ranger from quake 1 and your slipgate journeys are not over for some reason idk why and you have to kill skulls and spiders and centipede and spires and this enourmous cage and this enourmous ball and its just really hard
76561198067601036,Recommended,422970,28302477,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gold Cobra,"pretty self-explanatory game. really i'm only writing this review just cause i like the game. watch the video and you've already seen a lot.easy to play, really hard to master. forces you to be aware of your surroundings, so you need to use your ears and keep track of multiple incoming enemies while prioritising which enemy to take down.good simple fun reminiscent of the late 90s/early 00s style FPS. there's only one weapon with two firing modes (continuous blast of projectiles or a spread of projectiles) but the fact that the game doesn't have crosshairs or isn't a hitscan really helps you to improve at aiming in general.no multiplayer, but you're able to keep track of your friends' (and every other person in the world) record highs and even watch their best replays at the click of a button. now how cool is that? i wish more games would have this feature."
,Recommended,422970,29794016,Posted: 8 February,all,Infergnome,The most fast pased game ever created.Best one minute of gameplay ever.
,Recommended,422970,29782830,Posted: 8 February,all,Bechsen,pewpew 10/10
76561198037382064,Recommended,422970,31021657,Posted: 8 April,all,DarkFearX35,Give me back my 40 seconds.. or not! I must return to the game.. I have to break the record.. I have to push on..I. I. err..
,Recommended,422970,29882368,Posted: 12 February,all,RobloxLover379,Pros:Addictive gameplayUnique visual styleFairly cheapHigh replay valueCons:Sometimes fustrating
,Recommended,422970,29917192,Posted: 14 February,all,badboy74,Best $5 I've ever spent. A lot of fun if you have competitive friends who also own the game. Tonnes of replayabilty. Makes you feel like a badass. its only 5 ♥♥♥♥in dollars. What are you waiting for?
,Recommended,422970,32703117,Posted: 23 June,all,colonel bees,D E V I L   D A G G E R S
,Recommended,422970,32666632,Posted: 22 June,all,David,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick and really addicting, it just makes me feel good; almost everything you do is satisyfing. I also love how there is 144hz support."
76561197998503233,Recommended,422970,32714430,Posted: 23 June,all,resh,Top Game
,Recommended,422970,29258905,Posted: 14 January,all,Wance,Flawless. Not for casual players. But for only $4.99 there is no reason to not give it a shot.
,Recommended,422970,32767250,Posted: 25 June,all,PersianCat,I never thought my heart could pump that fast.
76561198304588354,Recommended,422970,32798897,Posted: 25 June,all,SleepyOtter,"I can't even last a minute with all of this pressure.  I also cant last long in this game  *BADOOM TISH*it's a good game though, buy it."
,Recommended,422970,32803033,Posted: 25 June,all,Neros,"Cool concept, great style, nice features like the replays.Only 2 little issues i have, the powerups are way too floaty which really cuts into the reward you should get for killing stuff.And secondly the mouse loses focus on the game application as soon as you die, which will make you tab out and randomly click on stuff if your running multiple monitors.It's worth a couple bucks for sure but with those 2 issues fixed would easily be more."
76561198028475211,Recommended,422970,32794679,Posted: 25 June,all,A broken iPhone,this game is frustrating
,Recommended,422970,24966714,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lunch,"Devil Daggers is one of the most difficult games I've ever played, and I mean more difficult that Dark Souls or Touhou for the sheer fact that its learning curve starts much much earlier and faster.(Before I  actually start, yes I recommend this game, if you're into strategy FPS's and fast paced ""not for the faint off heart"" sort of games, you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at this game if you're ""that"" kind of person).There's a certain threshold for which these types of difficulty games and their learning curves cross, for instance Dark Souls where the difficulty drop off is so large after the start zone you stop looking at the games story and narritive for a fleeting moment, and you start looking at them as mechanics that you have to work with or against. They're a lot more decieving than they appear, something appears in front of you and starts to attack, you dodge it then retaliate, rinse repeat.Of course thats with most games in general, but you have to do it so early and fast here compared to other games, you start to realize you're not playing the game, the game is playing you.Its really hard to explain  why the game requires such a high learning curve, so I'll just show you a video of a previous world record by bowsr:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqWtram37SkWhen you learn the quirks of of certain mechanics like he/she has, like not shooting attracts the glowy orbs that give you more fingers which = more attack power, bunny hopping gives you more speed than plain jumping, or shooting the spider ship things makes it so no trash spawns on the floor, really makes Devil Daggers more of a strategy game than a FPS.While one of the weirder games I've definitly played, I believe its a fun game to play now and again even for the casual player, because regardless of how hard it is, its very addicting."
76561197994652859,Recommended,422970,32616157,Posted: 21 June,all,Shadow,"Kill, Die, Repeat. A remarkably pure gamedesign that anyone with a fondness for 90's shooter aesthetics and a strong desire to ""git gud"" should enjoy."
,Recommended,422970,21538976,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Darragen,"My hands are shaking and I sh-- my pants, but I finally cracked 150sec..This game is amazing. One of the purest, most nightmarish First-Person Shooters I've ever played. Climbing that leaderboard seconds at time is just too good."
,Recommended,422970,29073590,Posted: 6 January,all,Skeleton,Finger blast Satanic skulls and Eldritch Horrors
76561198127441691,Recommended,422970,28946636,Posted: 2 January,all,silverhawk2010 l gamekit.com,"Do you like monsters?Do you like skelleton heads and only their head?Do you like tenticle monsters and spiders?Do you have double click support on your mouse?If not, Do you like dying?If so, WELCOME TO HELL! HOW MAY WE KILL YOU!"
76561198198070415,Not Recommended,422970,21560286,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Öof,"I clicked 'replay' accidentally twice after logging two simultaneous high scores, and they didn't lodge to the leaderboards. Please fix this bug.10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,422970,23393006,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CheeseySNUBZERO,10 out of ten game would pay for a pause button sometimes you got an itch you gotta scratch
,Recommended,422970,23402674,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Flaireon,Really Friggan Hard But It's A Great Game To Play When Bored. It's Either Addicting Or Boring But Overall Fun.
,Recommended,422970,23428652,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HereGoesNothing,Very fun and addicting gameplay. the enemy design is pretty cool as well.
,Recommended,422970,23408403,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mr_Ward,There is a hell. This game is it. Would rage quit again.
,Recommended,422970,23437987,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kilmi Nao,Play when you're boredPlay when you're bragging to your friendsPlay when you want to beat your highscorePlay when you want to beat your highscoreRealize your friends don't have this gameTalk about this game with friendsFriends buy gameNow you can all fight this hellish game10/10 would twist my wrist anytime just to beat my highscore
76561198025782613,Recommended,422970,23332700,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Daimoku,"A superb test of skill in a minimalist arena. It can be enjoyed as a casual time-killer for 10-15 mins, or as a mountain to be ascended, second by second, to the top of the leaderboard simply to delight in your own skill.For me, this is the essence of 90's arcade shooters. There is no superficial progression. No guaranteed rewards of special weapons or abilities, which give you power just because you put in time.It's this unrelenting test of your own skill, the slow but satisfying ascent to mastery of subtle game mechanics, that got me hooked on video games when I was just a toddler. As I grew up, I was sad to see this type of design all but disappear.For $5, do yourself a favor."
,Recommended,422970,23378710,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,apollo,"better than throwing daggers at real skulls. trust me, extensive research on this end."
76561198010758557,Recommended,422970,23592151,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DeadDack,"A properly punishing endless shooter with Quake-style controls and spawns you can memorize for mastery. The game rewards patience, practice, and careful listening. Good for pick-up-and-play, though my first play sessions averaged at about an hour straight. If you aren't quick to frustration, you'll be able to play it in long sittings.Great for people who want to climb leaderboards, but also cool for Metal fans; I basically bought this because it's Black Metal: The Game. Be advised I also include Black Metal production in that comparison, as the game doesn't render any higher than 16:9 480p. The kvltest resolution there is, as you may know."
,Recommended,422970,23061461,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,El Fuego,Possibly the most fun way to virtually kill some demons with daggers.
76561198256890436,Recommended,422970,23259226,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dr_Acula_,"edit: Updated my original negative review to now be a positive review since the new Devil Daggers came out in early July 2016.The good:  Very challenging and relatively simple to play.Great improvement in game in the new updated version.The bad:  Not so bad now.  Only slightly frustrating now.  Not nearly as annoying anymore.The ugly:  According to statistics, the average run in this game is still not very long, but it has improved since the new updated version came out.   There seems to be some belief that the updated version of the game is now a little easier in the beginning and much harder at the later stages.  Maybe, maybe not.The bottomline:  With the world's best player having a top run of just over 10 minutes (in the original version and in the new version), that tells the regular gamer that this game is going to a challenge.   This is better than it was before though (before it was just a lesson in frustration).   Now I can say ""stick with this game and have fun with it!""   Well worth the low cost price.Suggestion to game developer:  Thank you for the update version!  The game is now much more appealing to the regular gamer market.  Not just the hardcore market.   Well-done now in my opinion."
,Recommended,422970,29139200,Posted: 9 January,all,✪ NEKRO | #Restinpeacegabe,this game is so easy that I completed it in under 9 seconds
,Recommended,422970,29738614,Posted: 6 February,all,Fenix Prime,"Very fun small game, easy to pick up and play. I like the old school visuals, enemy design is well done (as well as enemy AI). Quite a challenge without seeming unfun or ridiculous and very fun to compete times with friends.All in all a complete and well designed game."
76561198305122425,Recommended,422970,29811171,Posted: 9 February,all,美学d a i s u k e美学,11/9best game of the time of forever
,Recommended,422970,29813124,Posted: 9 February,all,SkrillHaX「🅳🅴🆅🅸🅻,"If this game had wings, They would be Beautiful."
,Recommended,422970,29813259,Posted: 9 February,all,-b over 2 a,"Difficult shooter that has styles of Doom. Amazing expierence, horrific, and fun. See how long you can live, and try to survive more than a minute. Simplistic at it's finest."
76561198061202249,Recommended,422970,29811566,Posted: 9 February,all,TheGubyFish,It feels like Hotline Miami if it was a fps.......  And had a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of demons.......
76561198058149481,Recommended,422970,30026401,Posted: 18 February,all,Crazy Fighter Guy,Great game to play casually or try for the best score among your friends. Would recomend
,Recommended,422970,30112082,Posted: 22 February,all,johanofsigg,"At the time of the writing of this review, my playtime is at 1.1 hours. So let's just see where it gets up to and judge from there. So far, I like it. But I wonder for how long."
,Recommended,422970,30077288,Posted: 21 February,all,MarlboroMan,I only played it for 10 minutes but it felt like i've been playing this embodiment of frustration for over 10 hours.
76561198294192542,Recommended,422970,30112623,Posted: 22 February,all,erislover,"I have never experienced a longer 177 seconds in my life.Some developers make games that are long and involved, attempting to maximize investment in the avatar and world. Some developers make games that are short and sweet, attempting to maximize replayability. This developer runs a fantastic distillery to extract the very essence of frenetic FPS gameplay into a single, 99.999% pure drop of fun."
76561198005123722,Recommended,422970,30094250,Posted: 21 February,all,Lou_cifer,"Boot just to check it out, & couldnt stop. after dying a couple times; managed 1:09*heavy breathing*"
,Recommended,422970,30128758,Posted: 23 February,all,Cheesecaker2002,They're everywhere!
,Recommended,422970,25712136,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,"d1cht 乡,",Hassliebe
,Recommended,422970,32422480,Posted: 14 June,all,SobKnight,Very fun with game to waste time on and rek some scores!
,Recommended,422970,32321962,Posted: 10 June,all,dethb0y,"Whats not to love? The game play is very simple, the game objectives very direct, and each game is quite short and enjoyable."
76561198002765197,Recommended,422970,32357978,Posted: 11 June,all,reckon luck,The Legend of Dagger Dance(Good game. I have nothing more constructive to say.)
76561197997760095,Recommended,422970,21396394,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The Great Prophet Zarquon,Best constipation cure ever.
,Recommended,422970,21329233,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Boing Boom Tschak,"Cool, a new way to measure your length of your E-Wang! Play this and see how long you last. Not for the faint of heart. 75% of players won't last 30 Seconds! Compare sizes... I mean durations with your friends to see who has the largest E-Wang. Can you beat the world record of upwards of 1000 seconds? [or mine at a puny 90 seconds??] I was also told this game has skulls and daggers by this devil dude. However, the real purpose of this game is to compare how skilled your ego can be stroked by yourself as long as possible. Just make sure you got your sound WAY up to get as much attention from everyone in a public space as possible to show off your... ""skill"". Watch other ugly dinguses rack up 666 seconds and envy them because you are basically stupid![Yes, I made this review to make it sound like those sexual porn ads for abstract funny points. Whatcha gonna do about it? not give em to m--Ohhh damn it]9.99999.../10 Innuendos asside"
,Recommended,422970,32421901,Posted: 14 June,all,catdiscducks,"I don't know why I open this game, but when I do I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and don't come back for a month."
76561198008965959,Recommended,422970,32522356,Posted: 17 June,all,cata,"Great game for how cheap it is. Die, learn, die, learn, get better, kill more stuff. I find it really relaxing. Movement is great. Replay system is awesome so you can kinda learn from other players if you get stuck on a certain point. More than worth the 5 bux."
76561197969644859,Recommended,422970,32717970,Posted: 24 June,all,casulgamer420,"This is a great little game.  It requires intense focus and it can quickly put you in ""the zone"" as you prioritize targets, anticipate their movement, aim & shoot, and maintain awareness of your surroundings as you move.  The leaderboard makes each new high score more rewarding, as you see yourself moving up in the rankings.  It's also a great feature that you can watch the replay for any score in the leaderboard.You really can't go wrong with this.  You should buy it right now."
,Recommended,422970,32695835,Posted: 23 June,all,Blaze Theil,A great way to blow off steamor at leat it's other fps games
,Recommended,422970,32709166,Posted: 23 June,all,ExultantFos,"If the hell has a name, it's name is ""Devil Daggers""."
,Recommended,422970,32706948,Posted: 23 June,all,Maellmord_suXors,"This game is great...it's cheap. Addictive. And such a manic fragfest.Ignore the small playtime, because this game is just like having sex, in that you think you lasted way longer than you actually did."
76561197973080470,Recommended,422970,32704459,Posted: 23 June,all,Sir Dubs Alot,"A solid 1 minute and 30 seconds of gameplay (often times not even that!).What is Devil Daggers you may ask?  Well, I'll tell you friend; it's a cosmetically retro styled (think Quake graphics) arena shooter where you essentially try to survive as long as possible whilst killing and enduring increasing waves of enemies (you will be ranked).  My personable best is 2 minutes and 52 seconds btw.I got this game for under $3 dollars CDN and I knew what to expect.  I bet a lot of people will play the game for 5 minutes, give up and move onto something else.  And I honestly I can't say they're wrong for doing so; this game is certainly not everyone's cup of tea (hell, it's not most people's cup of tea).But if you're looking for a solid 10-20 minutes of intense, albite repetitive and extremely difficult gameplay, give this game a go, and don't pay more than $3 for it."
,Recommended,422970,32730094,Posted: 24 June,all,Wabbit Bunny,Alternative Title: Skull♥♥♥♥ Hell
,Recommended,422970,32705280,Posted: 23 June,all,Nykis,This game gives me extreme anxiety
,Recommended,422970,32749672,Posted: 24 June,all,Smuthen,you can only play for a certain amount of time in one sitting before you become too mentally unstable and your eyesight breaks because you keep forgetting to blink...11/10 - Cured my insatiable desire to sleep
,Recommended,422970,32654326,Posted: 22 June,all,Ein Mensch,Neat
76561198035650905,Recommended,422970,33573671,Posted: 15 July,all,Socucius Ergalla,"Pretty much every bad review I've seen of this game are from people who are sore losers or from people who say its good, but they don't like it personally.It can be frustrating at first, but once you are able to beat ~110 seconds it gets really really good.If your struggling, some of the guides are very helpful - they helped me understand the game better and go from being stuck at 50-70 seconds to easily getting at least 140 seconds every time after an hour of practice.Even though I have played >7 hours as of this review, the intensity of the game makes it feel like much more, which I think makes it a really good deal."
76561198046968466,Recommended,422970,33391137,Posted: 8 July,all,hey you watcha gon do,blowing a line of cocaine and blasting music while playing this will probably give the best experience in your lifetime
76561198112689187,Recommended,422970,33475908,Posted: 12 July,all,Ogrish,This is a hardcore classic arcade style game dressed up in a (♥♥♥♥ing scary) quake asthetic. The mechanics are flawless. BUT there really isn't much content here overall. Grab it on the cheap if you want a brutal challenge.
,Recommended,422970,33573778,Posted: 15 July,all,Corrosion,"-Play style- Keyboard (With Headphones... turned way up!)Wow, what can I say. I haven't really been that far into this. Partly because my skill set puts me at odds with these fast paced, dash and shoot, types of games. But from what I can tell. A progressive, rogue-like, arena shooter. Like a bullet hell game. But with hell spawn as bullets. Each ""level"" doesn't so much as start as it blends with the previous. With scarier looking creatures coming out of the dark dark mists of the abyss with every few kills.It IS addicting. In the same way that Paranautical Activity was in the first weeks of owning it. Just without a random dungeon to crawl.  The demons know where you are. They are coming to you. I imagine it has something to do with the power infused blade you take at the beginning of the game.The sounds are great. I mentioned headphones right at the beginning. Just do it! The monsters are scary. Make it loud enough that you can hear the music and then go to town. I found my self wincing and cringing in those tense moments were there were baddies on all sides. I love scary sounds. And each of these creatures has a particular creep about them to give you just the right amount of chills.Finding out just how far you can go, or what new and well crafted beasts you will come across, is allot of fun. Or maybe you fall prey to the feeling of ""I very, nearly, almost, did not die right there!!""And expect to die allot. I read this in so many different games reviews. But I find it to be important that it is followed by ""so much fun"". Otherwise whats the point. It isn't frustrating. It can kill you constantly and yet have you rushing back in for more. Brilliant.Also, leader boards. As in, the only true way to tell how far you got, is by seeing how many points you racked up. Seeing your best score right in front of you gives incentive to go for one more round. But the friends, and global leader boards, also hold some allure. For you competitive types.-TLDR-Its good. Check it out!"
,Recommended,422970,33556101,Posted: 15 July,all,PepeMzero,"""Your spirit and skill will be tested.""I had read this, made me want this game, and then i tried it. Im addicted now."
,Recommended,422970,31924027,Posted: 23 May,all,Zac and Cheese™,"Words can't even explain how good this game is. I can't think of any reason to why you should not buy this game. This is a simple game with a huge learning curve. To get good, you gotta invest time, and up your skill. With it's low price point of only five dollars, you honestly can't turn this down."
,Recommended,422970,33290791,Posted: 5 July,all,digitalcowpie,Meh. Good enough.
76561198036558550,Recommended,422970,33511693,Posted: 13 July,all,Lado Barnovi,Waste of time you won't regret about
,Recommended,422970,33442371,Posted: 10 July,all,geremachek2,"Ok, i'm going to keep it short, This game is a must buy for any fan of ID software or 3d realms or just demon butt-kicking in general."
,Recommended,422970,33450597,Posted: 11 July,all,AHM-H,what have i got myself intoi just wanted to have fun ;-;
,Recommended,422970,33453678,Posted: 11 July,all,alas,intense. addictive. beautiful.
,Recommended,422970,33464323,Posted: 11 July,all,Allu,"Fun, fast-paced game with mindwrenching difficulty."
76561198174417091,Recommended,422970,33465966,Posted: 11 July,all,BrmmSt0ne,Devil Daggers is an highly simple game. in this game you play as a guy who looks like that one super hero from the Fantastic 4. You are in a super scary room with a dagger lighting up the room you grab it and then proceed to throw endless daggers at H.P. Lovecraft universe monsters. Despite being simple it is enjoyable its the kinda game I play when I'm listen to Heavy metal or even some soundtracks from games from consoles like the N64 or maybe even older so I do recomend this game don't listen to me goddamnit listen to other people that or talented now goodbye
76561197985752317,Recommended,422970,33467542,Posted: 11 July,all,TaktischesBauernopfer,"I like it more than Super Hexagon which I like a lot, I like it even more than Velocibox which I fell in love with.Somehow I feel it is ok to compare this FPS with those games."
,Recommended,422970,33386568,Posted: 8 July,all,Snelvis,"Amazing game, nothing like 10 hours of it in 2 days and those 10 hours consisting of segments less than 80 seconds long."
76561198059176696,Recommended,422970,33439113,Posted: 10 July,all,Trap God,This game is fun.
76561198396482248,Recommended,422970,33316004,Posted: 6 July,all,Unknown,"Edit: I didn't have this problem before, but the game just now told me that my score is not being submitted because I am suspected of cheating. My opinion of the game is still the same (as I don't really care about leaderboards), but what the hell? Please fix this.-Easily one of my favorite games, simple yet addicting. The graphics are amazing and the game in itself feels strangely rewarding even though you don't really gain anything besides a place in the leaderboard. Every time I fail it just makes me want to try harder next time and improve myself instead of becoming frustrated and quit."
76561198024905215,Recommended,422970,33847926,Posted: 27 July,all,Hunted Wumpus,"A very fast paced, arcade style fps game. If you like a challenge, then give this a try, it's only $5.Reks my wrist tho. Writing this review while I let my wrist rest.10/10 would carpal tunnel again"
76561198027873867,Recommended,422970,30691330,Posted: 23 March,all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,6/10The whole game consists of running around in a circle and shooting the same handful of enemies over and over and over.The graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's sorta fun and very challenging. I really like the leaderboard / replay system!I wouldn't recommend paying more than $3.
,Recommended,422970,33974867,Posted: 2 August,all,Professor Badvibes,Devil Daggers is like eating a filet mignon and drinking a pint of red wine after 10 years of eating nothing but stale bread and water. It should also be mentioned that you are eating while running from a satanic cult that wants your head on a pike.
,Recommended,422970,34480180,Posted: 25 August,all,LuminaryJanitor,Great game
,Recommended,422970,33982545,Posted: 2 August,all,Damus Bonage,"This is by far the best 5 dollar game I've ever played. It looks like you're just running, jumping and shooting but it's much more than that.Edit: 53 hours in and I'm still stuck at 267 seconds. This game is Hell....Literally, Hell. You are cast into the purgatory with all the tools you need to survive, but not for long. You will be beaten. Time and time again you will be killed in every way imaginable. At the same time I have loads of fun playing. The controls are simply amazing. Bunnyhopping in this game is smooth too.Definately try if you are into FPS and need a test of patience."
76561197992991297,Recommended,422970,34006697,Posted: 3 August,all,Snickrot,This is a fun game.  It is fairly challanging as well.  It reminded me of games years ago.
76561198315780309,Recommended,422970,34001825,Posted: 3 August,all,hexplex,"Fast paced, hard, scary, fun, quick, smooth. A really cool simple game."
,Recommended,422970,34023813,Posted: 4 August,all,Jyubei,pls play))))is a good
,Recommended,422970,33983177,Posted: 2 August,all,SchnozBott,I recommend this game solely for its amazing sound design.
76561198121386769,Recommended,422970,34087377,Posted: 7 August,all,JetStream76,"Delve into the arena of Quake and Robotron's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child: Devil Daggers. A sharp learning curve awaits you, mortal!"
,Recommended,422970,33935125,Posted: 31 July,all,『Aurum』,"Fasted paced, hellish difficulty, and addicting gameplay. That and it gives off a Quake type of vibe"
,Recommended,422970,34280511,Posted: 16 August,all,Holi,"Probably my favorite single player shooter to come out for over a decade, like sure there were other games that I enjoyed but this one captures the pure and intensity of movement and aimbased hectic gameplay that no game has really been able to reproduce well since the 90's Quake and Doom games."
,Recommended,422970,34332153,Posted: 18 August,all,Zyfnx,This is a game.
,Recommended,422970,34281536,Posted: 16 August,all,Alfman,If the idea of playing the entirety of dark souls 3 with your pe.nis taped to the left analog stick and having a thumbtack glued to your estus flask button excites you...This game is for you.499.9999 seconds out of 500.0000 is what i rate this game.
76561197967064072,Recommended,422970,34381045,Posted: 20 August,all,seda,steam shared with a friend and got tired of not being able to play anytime i wanted. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198054081583,Recommended,422970,30028892,Posted: 19 February,all,Nixx,God. Damn. Brilliant.> GAMEPLAYglorious momentum based movement that is satisfying on its own to master. Gunplay that overwhelms the senses with sparks and bullets that spill satisfying explosions of gore. both movement and gunplay dunk(this word was used because steam doesnt let you use curse words) on any AAA fps of this gen> SOUNDOld school sounding effects WITHOUT music that really creates a disurbing hellish sound that creates deep immersion into the arena and its intensity> GRAPHICSjust look at them they're freakin byotiful and make DOOM look like a daycareBuy it please the dev deserves it for this masterpiece
,Recommended,422970,34217200,Posted: 13 August,all,Esufer,"I usually last around 58 seconds in this, my wife says that's 'longer than usual'. Not 100% sure what she means."
76561198079580520,Recommended,422970,34240468,Posted: 14 August,all,Blackscar9114,"While Devil Daggers lacks many of the features modern FPS games boast, such as the ability to aim down sights, the ability to move at more than one speed, a story, and, in fact, guns, that simply stops it from getting bogged down by unnecessary mechanics, offering possibly the purest FPS gameplay one can find.The player's abilities are extremely limited, being able to run, jump, hold left click for a machine gun style firing pattern, and double click for a shotgun style blast, but this ensures the player always knows what they can do, they can do it quickly, and they can switch between shooting styles with a fluidity reminiscent of Devil May Cry's on the fly Gun and Devil Arm switching.These simple mechanics mesh with some outstanding enemy design to create tense battles, as enemies surround the player from all sides. While each enemy is programmed to behave in a certain way, the sheer volume of Lovecraftian horrors that spawn in the arena makes keeping track of them difficult, ensuring that the player is always kept on their toes. Thanks to the incredible sound design, each enemy has its own distinctive sound, which is necessary with the first person perspective to keep track of the arena.If that sounds difficult, it's because it is- the game tasks the player with surviving for as long as possible, then uploads players' best times to a global leaderboard. The world record currently stands at a little over 1000 seconds, which equates to around 17 minutes. Most players' average campaign time will be between 45 and 60 seconds, with the game's only achievement being offered to the 0.1% of players that manage to survive for 500 seconds or more. This is not a game for people who won't enjoy dying over and again, or those looking for an in-depth story, but for those willing to be overwhelmed in an extremely difficult game with the only incentive being to ""git gud"", Devil Daggers is a good place to start."
,Recommended,422970,34356242,Posted: 19 August,all,Jackorfiction,"Make no mistake what you're getting with this game. It is one punishing arena full of enemies that keep spawning until you die, and there is no real progression once you hit a few minutes without dying. But to this day, I can't getanywhere nearthat point, and I'm still totally engaged.What it ends up being is a skill tester, and one that in my opinion is nearly perfect. The sound design is incredible. I can literally dance my way backwards through a crowd of enemies knowing who and where they are by sound alone. The graphics are low-res, but the art design is excellent and the whole thing just feels creepier because of the vague definition around the pixels on my 1080P monitor. And the controls are so tight you'll feel like a demon god as you climb the (admittedly high) difficulty curve. The longest I can last is a couple minutes even when I'm in top form, but I know every time I die that it was my fault, and the game allows for some incredibly tight maneuvers if you can pull them off. It's like some wierd lovechild of DOOM and Ubermosh, and I love it to pieces.TL;DRThis game has its creepy, satanic mood down perfectly. This game has its very high skill curve down perfectly. This game has its combination of frustration and addictiveness down perfectly. If you want punishment and pitch-perfect design, this game has you down perfectly too. This is hell. Welcome."
76561198003630772,Recommended,422970,34366229,Posted: 19 August,all,P{A}T,"This game is hard af, but amazing at the same time!!"
,Recommended,422970,34752191,Posted: 5 September,all,CRUNCHY,"I played this game for half an hour and find it really intersting and fun addective game.Because i like the oldschool graphic quake like.And it also improve my aim because,i'm not playing FPS game for a while,i thought i try this one out,and it do help me a lot!"
,Recommended,422970,34731005,Posted: 4 September,all,"Cthulhu Calamari /|\(;,;)/|\","It boils FPS down to its very core, and gets completely goddamned bananas almost immediately. The one achievement is for surviving 500 seconds, which has been achieved by “0.1%” of players, but it’s still a bunch of fun. Especially for $5.You could also turn it into a drinking game with friends, or just try your best not to die.Then watch some of the world record runs, see things you didn't even know existed in the game, and try again."
,Recommended,422970,34254707,Posted: 15 August,all,Giblets of Jesus,"Very hard, very stressful. very fun.Guaranteed to endlessly challenging and satisfying, for god's sake; go buy Devil Daggers."
76561198079698351,Recommended,422970,34250609,Posted: 15 August,all,Papa,It's lit
,Recommended,422970,34346460,Posted: 19 August,all,sblsbl,awesome game
,Recommended,422970,30694171,Posted: 23 March,all,☭EdgyMorty,"Really fun game! Progressively gets harder over time. I've seen people go as high as 1000 seconds ( 16 minutes! ). At this current time, I haven't passed 100 seconds ( since I'm garbage at this game). However, if you want a challenge, play this game. Compare your scores with your friends and most of all, have fun!EDIT: ""pssst. I passed 100 seconds""."
,Recommended,422970,34812999,Posted: 8 September,all,Parapraxium,"A game can be great or terrible for a number of reasons; recently we've seen examples of games failing in the AAA market due to horrible stories, bad character development, etc...Devil Daggers has no story nor characters, so what is *does* have better be good.And it is. Very much so.What Devil Daggers does offer to the player is a seamless FPS survival arena with incredibly tight 90's-era controls, immense replayability, enchanting and original graphics, and some of the absolute best sound design I've ever heard in a video game.**Controls & Game Flow**Anyone who grew up with or even simply played a game like Quake or Doom knows that when it comes to movement, what is realistic is not always fun. Many modern titles include realistic movement speed, reloading, little to no jumping, and the ability to interact with objects (stopping the flow). Quake was not like this. Quake rewarded the player for taking advantage of the engine by bunny-hopping and strafing, and DOOM never interrupted the action with cutscenes or reloading. Devil Daggers would be nothing without tight controls, and it's safe to say that it actually *improved* on the high-skill-ceiling controls of 90's-FPS titles (mastering modern mechanics such as the ""rocket jump""). Like a bullet hell, your actual hitbox is very small, smaller than you think it is. The pinpoint-precision occasionally demanded by Devil Daggers is one of its biggest strengths.**Replayability & Advancement**There are no permanent upgrades in Devil Daggers. Only your skill will save you. The challenge offered to the player, as well as the golden, elusive reward of the DEVIL DAGGER achievement (the one and only achievement, achieved by a mere 98 people at the time of writing) provides a scenario where playing and replaying are encouraged, and doing so will really open up opportunity to get better at the game, keeping you constantly challenging your Personal Best.**Visual & Audio Design**Aethetically and functionally, both the graphical and audio design are stellar. You can see how precise and minimalist the graphics are from the trailers. While minimalist, the eerie pixelated visuals of Devil Daggers manage to be very unique to the title. But the department in which the game really shines is its audio design. Every enemy makes a unique sound, easily recognizable, and thanks to the game's simulated 3D-surround sound capabilities, with headphones on you can determine the location and distance of enemies based solely on sound, and do so consistently. Situational and spatial awareness are absolutely essential in Devil Daggers, and the sound design keeps no information from you in this regard. Hearing is truly just as important as seeing in this game, and no other FPS I've played has been able to say the same.**Conclusion**For $4.99, Devil Daggers is definitely worth your time. Even though the majority of us will in all likelihood never ""beat"" the game, Devil Daggers is about the adventure, the constant pursuit of that end goal. And in this pursuit the game really shines."
76561198215873983,Recommended,422970,34854504,Posted: 9 September,all,Mu,This one is a gem.
,Recommended,422970,34867984,Posted: 10 September,all,Pericles757,Oh my god. ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,422970,35458041,Posted: 3 October,all,Renardi,"I just started playing this game and I am already hooked. Each time I die I just get more excited, its so quick that I keep wanting to try again, even when I take a break from it after a few rounds I'm just tempted to play more. This game is hypnotizing. I can't quit!"
,Recommended,422970,35358976,Posted: 30 September,all,Space Emperor Sklort,Shoot skull. Get gem. Hail Satan.
,Recommended,422970,32285921,Posted: 9 June,all,Zirtonic,Garbage
,Recommended,422970,35486282,Posted: 4 October,all,Cinnamoroll,Music to my ears!
,Recommended,422970,35503588,Posted: 5 October,all,MaxAV,"After 5 min of play, i said to myself: that's the game every fps lover says is a killer, wtf?????Then i ended playing it for 2 hours in a row..."
,Recommended,422970,35508792,Posted: 5 October,all,Pun-Yun-Chi,"Good game, well worth more than the price."
