user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198034962350,Recommended,422900,25770156,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,warutel,"The closest to ""Ender's Game"" you will ever play!As expected from Knuckle Cracker, he managed to release, yet again, a polished, engaging real-time battle & strategy game, in which the enemy is nothing you have seen before: a particle/liquid/gas/gel entity is what you will be fighting against, trying to dent their defenses while keeping up your energy supply.The gameplay is based on leveraging carefully your resources & your spatial 2D position with respect to the strange particle-based enemy which will try (and succeed!) to overwhelm you from different directions and showing behaviours triggered by your own actions in beautiful human-crafted maps.However, I cannot leave this review without remarking the truly best property of his games: it is the map editing that enables their best players and map-makers to add an almost endless stream of new challenges and intelligent map designs for all ages and difficulties for years after release. Fans out there have a tremendous imagination that is really unmatched.As fans say: the campaign is just the tutorial!"
76561198008218104,Recommended,422900,25775992,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Viva,"So why the positive you ask? What is so special about a simple game about some space ooze? It is more than that. This is the 4th installment of a series of games, each better than the last. One person putting out a game and not ignoring it after it's release. One guy refusing to take my money before it is in stores. No early access, no pay before you see what your getting. What back up, paying for a game usually means you pay, then play right? WRONG! Can we say free demo? That's right, a demo in 2016. You would think it was 1996 the way this guy operates. Maybe more gaming companies should take notice.So here are the pros and cons....Pros-- A full story line that builds off of the 3 previous games. You should buy those as well, but not needed to enjoy the game.- A fully working random map generator with user options enhancing the replay value indefinitely.- A ship editor, you can make a ship from scratch, or many and even share them within the game.- A map editor, also allowing you to share with others.- Did I mention a devoper that isn't just grabbing your money and leaving for Timbuktu?So here are the cons-- The ship editor in general is pro, but also a con. It is clumbsy, it has no tool tips (what the heck does a port do vs a laser?) The deveoper has stated he plans to add that in a post release patch. Experimentaion will answer many of those questions. You can copy and paste from an old ship, but I still haven't figured out how to do that. I would say a complete rework of the ship editor is in order, but needless to say, it is adaquet for the game.-Although some have pointed out some bugs, I have yet to run into any that are game breaking. While I put that under the cons, it is really a pro.In all fairness, this game is worth the full price, it is simple to learn, but difficult to master. This is much like the three other creeper world titles. This one gets my full support and should be in everyone's library."
76561198000487261,Recommended,422900,25770540,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Synthesis,"If you liked Creeper World 3 you will love it. If you don't know what that is go grab it right now, then come back and grab this."
76561198042274594,Recommended,422900,25771298,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Karl Marx,"Good length campaign. Simple to learn. Some areas are locked from the start needing a certain amount of missions completed first. That is until I realised there's literally a button saying ""unlock anyway"". Great idea for people re-downloading the game with a fresh save file. Great mission editor lets you design the worlds in great detail. Random mission generator for when you've completed the campaign and bonus levels.The random mission generator is perfect. Lets you change every single detail and variable.Creating, naming and using custom ships is an option as well. Easy to learn and use editor for that.This game has tons of replayability and is definitely worth buying. Haven't found any bugs either. A welcome fact considering the state of most games on day one."
,Recommended,422900,25801224,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Druark,"A game about fighting an endless swarm with spaceships and occasionally your own swarm. Though not exactly intelligent (they just float around unless you go near them) you can get quickly overwhelmed if you don't pay attention and the campaign should take, even on 4x speed (which I don't recommend for your first playthrough) at least 3-5 hours.After you've completed the campaign which many will say is just a tutorial for custom missions, you can go and play with the simulator which is basically a skirmish mode, or you can mess with the map editor and create your own missions for others (or youself) to play. I haven't even played all the modes yet and I can say without a doubt this game is worth the price of £10.99. Its not very expensive for a game with tonnes of replayability, especially with the added ship designer which means you can design huge battleships or a fleet of tiny cheap fast frigates.Overall I'd give this an 8/10, the controls sometimes can be a bit annoying and you might want to rebind a few and some things like an encyclopedia to explain modules is missing but other than that, it's great :D"
76561198019091039,Recommended,422900,32411043,Posted: 14 June,all,Nykon,Very enjoyable game. Played through the entire series a couple times each. Excited to see what future holds for this series.
,Recommended,422900,25804532,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Discobot,"WARNING TERRIBLE DOWNGRADEKnucklecracker games no longer makes you listen to that glorious crunch sound as the game starts up. You'll miss it.Gameplay is similar enough to creeper world that you'll pick up on it right away if you played any of the previous games (go google it and there's a free flash version somewhere).But it feels NOTHING like playing creeper world. So its brand new, with none of the stale feeling!"
,Recommended,422900,25897435,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Misery,"Alright, so, it's review time again, this time I'm reviewing Particle Fleet:  Emergence.  I'll say right away, I'm very, very pleased with this one, just as I have been with the previous game in the series, Creeper World 3.  This is made by the same developer, which means this has the same incredible amount of sheer creativity that CW3 had.  This is similar to that in that it's something of an RTS / Tower Defense hybrid, though the RTS bit is alot stronger than in CW3.  But it sure as heck doesnt play even remotely like a traditional RTS, no sir.Particle Fleet hits you with a few major differences right from the start:  Firstly, you have no big base to build up... this is a major departure from CW3's ""network"", and an even bigger departure from traditional RTS games.  In each mission, you'll start by warping in your HQ ship, a huge thing that can set up your first Energy Mine, preparing the foundations of your economy.   One thing you'll notice immediately is that instead of tons of little units like in most RTS games, in Particle Fleet you have a small number of really HUGE units.  All of your ships are big.  Really big.  These arent the dinky yet numerous turrets from CW3, instead they're big structures covered in turrets of their own.   Also, these ships dont have health bars... they're destructible in a dynamic way, in that if something hits the hull in a specific spot, that specific bit of hull will be damaged/broken.  Damaging things essentially eat their way into your ships, popping turrets and eventually destroying the core if they reach it.  But the SHAPE of each ship can determine how easy or not it is for that to happen.These ships are constructed around any Energy Mines... which are the source of your resources in this game.  Unlike CW3's all-consuming Network, Energy Mines can only be constructed in specific locations, and have a certain range at which they can project energy.  You'll use this energy to build ships and other things, and to recharge ships as they continue to use their turrets.  You also have Omnis, which look like little turrets themselves, but can be used to capture land, or do anything that your HQ ship or Lathes could do (destroying/capturing structures, breaking up Struc and landmass, other things).   These are interesting in that unlike, say, reactors in CW3, these can be used in a variety of aggressive ways, since they can be flown around similar to how turrets moved in CW3.And that's one interesting thing about this game, is that your units tend to be very versatile in terms of how you can use them (with certain exceptions).  This means there are a ton of different possible approaches, and all sorts of playstyles that you could use, that are all totally viable.  What's more, these different ships are just real fun to use.  My favorite is the Hammer; a huge blocky thing with a massive frontal hull, and the core at the very back of the ship.  Having next to no ranged weapons, this thing is meant for blocking damage.... or ramming stuff.  I'll never tire of doing this, it's just hilarious fun.  Other units tend to be very creative and entertaining in their own way too, things like Grabbers for instance, which can direct blue Particulate around the map.  However, there are restrictions: unlike CW3 you cant just build as many things as you want.  For example, the default fleet allows you to have only two Lathes, only one Hammer, only two Grabbers, and so on.  And a max number of Omnis.  This may sound restrictive, but you'll soon find that you feel like you have TONS of units.... there's alot to keep track of.  And build order ends up being very important on tougher missions... you'll be making some tough choices here, which makes things extra interesting.  As always though, there are many approaches to build order depending on your playstyle and strategy.  Nothing is ever set in stone in this game.  I cant even tell you just how much I appreciate this fact.About the Particulate:  This serves as the enemy in each map (the red ones anyway, the blue ones are on your side).  As with CW3, this stuff isnt even remotely like a traditional enemy force in RTS games.  These are massive waves of individual particles that flow around the map in a variety of ways... different varieties of particles have different behavior, but individual particles are very weak; these are dangerous in the fact that they're in huge numbers, and they just... keep.... coming.  Like CW3 there are emitters around the map that never stop generating this stuff.   And what's more, these are used in tons of interesting ways in each map... you never know just what you're going to get from these until you start the map.   There are other threats, of course, such as Emergent (funky cubes that roam around awkwardly) or Doppels (big groupings of particles that look and act somewhat like your ships), among other stuff.  The creativity of the enemy units/behaviors constantly amazes me.And of course, there's alot of interesting mechanics here, such as Amp Gems (can be used to grab ""techs"" that can be switched out at any time, or can be attached to ships to power them up) and other fun stuff.   All these mechanics and things are just as versatile as your ships.   Oh, and did I mention you can make your own custom ships?  You can have a seperate fleet, choosing either your custom-made stuff, or the default fleet, and there are seperate scoreboards for both.The campaign itself is pretty interesting, but it's also quite short:  This is very clearly a game where the vast majority of content is found AFTER that.   Like CW3 it's pretty much endless... you can get procedurally generated maps, or download maps that others have made via the extensive editor.  The campaign is mostly there to tell a story, slowly teach you about every aspect of the game, and generally prepare you for greater challenges ahead.   There's TONS to do here... one of those games you can get hundreds of hours out of.And that time is well spent.  This overall is just a very fun, deep, complex strategy game like no other, with so many possibilities.   If you're up for a strategy game that really does something NEW and different, something that's just darned fun while having the potential for great challenge.... this is the game to get.   Oh, and consider grabbing Creeper World, while you're at it, if you dont already have that.  It's a fantastic game too.Definitely recommending this game very highly."
76561197997294920,Recommended,422900,29000056,Posted: 4 January,all,solith,"I'm not sure about this game, but I think I like more about it than dislike. It's definitely no Creeper World and you should not buy it just based on the CW series. I'd give it 3 out of 5. Works smoothly, I didn't see any bugs and it's fun to play for a while, but it has it's problems. To understand how things work you must keep reading the storyline through entire campaign, which is kinda boring. I skipped a piece of dialog at some point and then couldn't figure out that those damn amp crystals do. You can only build one or two of each type of units, energy collection is nowhere near as fun as in CW, no way to upgrade your base, because there is no base building, tech tree is poorer than CW1 and unlocing the items doesn't have a lot of effect.I'm interested what will community do with game. Some well thought out mod could turn this thing around.I recommend it because I enjoy the game, but price is not a factor in my judgement."
76561197982076445,Recommended,422900,25769794,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Valley,"Knuckle Cracker never fails to amaze. Beautiful game, runs soomth, what else can you ask for! Can see pouring many days in this game. Another masterpiece."
76561197960857334,Not Recommended,422900,25830881,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,(MSR)Peace,"A game by Knuckle Cracker with almost all positive reviews.You had an instant buy at Knuckle Cracker.To be honest, if they made another game, I would probably buy it again without hesitation. Zachtronics, QCF Design, and Klei are the only other devs I would do that for. Creeper world first being released for free, then refined to what was Creeper World 3 bought quite a bit of loyalty from me.This game gets a negative review because I simply didn't like it, and I wouldn't mind warning others that it may not be what you're looking for. There isn't really any challenge here at all, the game play is slow, and there's really no story. I don't really get where the positive reviews are coming from. The shipbuilding might have been neat if it was part of the main campaign, but it's not. I feel like if I used it, I'm cheating.Creeper had challenge. You could actually lose. It had variable strategy and a learning curve."
,Recommended,422900,32887564,Posted: 27 June,all,Farshad,"Phenomenal game!!  If you haven't played a Knukle Cracker game, I'd buy Creeper World 3 first, fall in love, then buy everything else that they make!10 / 10 game desigh and play.Unlike Creeper World though, this is a pretty short game."
76561198053561874,Not Recommended,422900,25837266,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Menzagitat,"This game versus Creeper World 3: Arc EternalThe CW3 campaign was better (had two endings and several custom mechanics).The fluid (creeper) was replaced by particlesYou can zoom-in and see the details of each shipBeside the map editor, you have a simple ship editor too but you can only add/remove modules or hull. You cannot change the production cost/duration, range of weapons, damage...Anti-creeper is called  now mire and if impregnates the land is a source of energyMissions end faster than in CW3 because emitters can be configured to generate a limited number of particles.The maps seem smaller compared to the speed of particles and the ship weapon rangeYou have a limited number of units (up to 24) and the omni towers (variable limited number)The game lost a dimension. The fluid in CW3 had height and a push force which was interesting and unique.Energy management was simplified. You cannot create a network to transport energy.You have only one HQ ship as opposed to 3 Command Nodes in CW3, but having no network there is no need for more of them. However if HQ warps away due to damage, your energy gathering is completely stopped and ships will get no energy for 15 sec.You have no other resources beside energy.You cannot create enclaves and defend them because you can attack only in your proximity and you have no stealth mode to pass the particles (or fly over them like in CW3).In CW3 you was able to rise the land to delay the enemy or create holes to maximize splash effect of some weapons. Here the battle happens in space and nothing was introduced to replace this mechanic.You cannot set targets. In CW3 you could send fighters and bombers to specific places and you had the TitansThe campaign can be finished in 2 days and the ending clearly sets the seeds for the next game or expansion.I give a negative review because being the last in the series, offers less strategy than the previous title.And because the advertising from the video creates some hopes not yet delivered:""A Mighty Galactic Empire will Fall because of you"": dumb particles are not an empire""An epic struggle to survive"": I see lack of challenges""Adaptive and emergent enemies”: I seen only dumb red particles and red particles grouped into a ship-like form. The only real ships were some mining ships in one of the last maps. And a rotating base which I had to destroy with long range weapons. The video shows that you will fight ships like yours but I never encountered them in the campaign."
76561198000088094,Recommended,422900,25775239,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GOObER,Just as good as I had hoped it would be. If you liked any of the Creeper Worlds you will love this newest game from Knuckle Cracker. They have got a winning formula here and it just keeps getting better.
,Recommended,422900,29513748,Posted: 26 January,all,Pathborn,"This is quite a weird game. There are certainly major issues: there's no mouseover help for much of the GUI, the GUI in general leaves much to be desired, new game elements are introduced too quickly (several each stage), the game itself is quite short, and the story not as good as Creeper World 3's, but in terms of weirdness there's something about this game that I liked.Perhaps it's just that nothing is really explained, there's a bunch of random jargon like redacted space that is never really cleared up, and most of the time that's annoying but here it's kind of superb in its relentlessness. In some ways confusion is the highest state of mind, because confusion creates and precedes curiosity, which creates and precedes knowledge. So, in effect, games that confuse the mind are the greatest games of all, and this game is certainly confusing.For instance, I beat the game, completed every story mission, and still feel like I don't know a thing about it. I can't even tell you if the game is well balanced or not because I often had no idea how I won, I was flying by the seat of my pants and I couldn't tell you what the difference between a Cruiser, a Destroyer, or a Joven ship is. I don't know if my strategy was any good, but my strategies did seem to eventually work, but they were probably nowhere near optimal. It's just a baffling, but interesting, game.Basically I'd give it a recommendation if you enjoyed Creeper World 3 and if you want a game that's basically like that, but has a less interesting story, but instead has much stranger and more confusing gameplay. If you haven't yet played that game by the same developer, do that first."
76561198173861759,Recommended,422900,31384943,Posted: 26 April,all,Florida,This game was pretty cool. It is a lot different from any others I've ever played and provided a great experience. Knuckle Cracker has yet again developed a great game and I have loved their Creeper World series and also love that they had this intertwined with Creeper World's universe. I rate 9/10
,Not Recommended,422900,25861451,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Mazian,"Without question, Knuckle Cracker produces interesting and innovative game styles. I absolutely loved Creeper World and Creeper World 3-- I bought the first game as a downloadable Flash game, and then jumped at CW3 when I saw it on Steam. If CW1 and CW2 were offered on Steam, I would buy them (CW1 again). The amount of content in CW3 was just amazing.The ideas behind PFE are a variation on the innovative CW game mechanics-- a procedurally generated enemy; game play where enemy behavior is emergent from the way you play. The rules are exceedingly simple, but the resultant behavior of the creep or particulate is really interesting.Unlike the CW series though (and especially CW3) the amount of game systems/content here is far below what I've come to expect from Knuckle Cracker.Other reviews have inspired me to add: CW included a creep depth mechanic and weapons that took advantage of that depth (Morters), there is no such depth mechanic in PFE. CW included anti creep and multiple bases and power sources could expand substantially. There is no such depth in weaponry or power sources in PFE. CW offered Titans, which were game changing. PFE offers no equivalent.As someone else noted, the tooltips and explanation of various ship modules is almost non-existant. The ship building could have been incorporated into the game play to add some really interesting gameplay opportunities-- the shipbuilding could have even been offered in the same way that map sharing is offered. The amount of additional content (a la extra missions in CW3) is virtually non-existant (by comparison.)As a simple idea: Create a point limit on the ships used in the campaign for each slot, and certain module requirements-- then filter the online database for ships that meet the point limit and module requirement-- then display options to the players of pre-made ships that they can select from-- or build your own.And I'm sure there are still yet other ideas that would have made the game way more interesting and compelling.Story has never been Virgil's strong suit, and yet PFE falls down more so than either CW2 or CW3.Instead, 16 missions with a storyline that is a variation of the rest of the CW world mythos-- A storyline that makes me think of ""The Matrix"" in space (or the SyFy series, Battlestar Gallactica.) ""All of this has happened before, and all of it will happen again."" Only the very existance of the particulate breaks the cycle, according to the story itself.I'm not totally against Knuckle Cracker, and while I would be more cautious next time I would still likely buy the next game... but I think the developer needs to remember to give care and feeding to that which earned the initial glowing reviews of Creeper World and put in the same kind of effort that went into CW2 and CW3.Final verdict: Wait until the game is on sale. (Or until Knuckle Cracker adds substantially more content.)"
76561197990494580,Recommended,422900,25770996,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,jaycephus,"I've been following this online, and played the new demo that is now available on the dev's website. As soon as this was available, I bought it and played it at lunchtime.It plays like you would imagine from the YouTube videos, and I am looking forward to completing the campaign.I'll update this review after completion of that, since I haven't gotten access to all the friendly units and enemies yet.If you know anything of the dev's previous games, you can expect this one to be continuously updated for a while, with the possibility of additional content being fairly high based on that past history."
,Recommended,422900,29133619,Posted: 8 January,all,UniQMG◙,"tl;dr: Novel content that you absolutely need to try.It's basically your childhood dream in game form: Dynamic ships with volumetric, fully destructible hull which is simulated per-piece, no immersion-breaking health bars, only that giant hole in your ship which went straight through your lathe module. The enemy, despite being a mass of particles, is surprisingly relatable and seemingly intelligent (in the sense that you will rage at it because it destroyed your HQ while you were trying to hold it off elsewhere, or it managed to take out that mission-critical energy mine). There's also enemy ships with a rudimentry AI, but even those can be devasting opponents. Storyline is excellent and has ties with previous creeper world games, but you don't need those to enjoy this game.The game also includes a full ship editor, where you can build out your hull block-by-block then litter it with guns, energy tanks and support modules. There's also an in-depth mission editor with a fully-scriptable 'PRPL' module for creating complex custom maps with original behavior. If you're not one for building a map, there's a mission generator capable of making just about anything you want, and they play like an actual story mode mission, with a (normally) balanced progression, minus a few novelties usually present in most custom maps.Combat is surprisingly in-depth: Ramming with heavily armored ships works just as well as missile spam, and the hull+modules-to-build-time ratio really helps balance it as well. There's not a huge variety in weapons, but the ways in which you can combine those weapons lead to specialized ships and rich strategies. You can design a huge mothership with twenty of each module, but you need to defend it for a considerable amount of time due to the steadily increasing time-per-hull-cost ratio. Or you can go the route of several smaller ships, or even several ships which combine into a larger ship.The game isn't bad in terms of performance either: obviously, a massive particle simulation isn't exactly easy for your CPU but it runs fine on my mid-range gaming laptop. Graphics look great, although they're not as impressive as say, GSB2.All I can say is that this would be EPIC as a game engine for realtime player vs player ship combat. There's already fully-featured enemy ships controllable via scripting, but what could beat real multiplayer where you have to build your fleet up, organize your particulate and proceed to the all-out in a war of epic proportions.My only complain is that it would be nice if tankers would refuel ships within range of an energy mine if the mine was unable to provide them sufficient power.protip: Omnis (especially with the cannon and reactor upgrade) work great as both area denial/defense, stealth missions and cannon fodder."
76561198084707835,Recommended,422900,25959178,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Argonwolf,"Rating: 9.5/10Particle Fleet is an amazing game in the classic style of Knuckle Cracker. Simple, colorful art, cheesy storylines and well-designed enemies. As with Creeper World 3 before it, Particle Fleet forces the player to fight a war on many fronts at once, all while managing logistics with a simple, intuitive energy transfer system.You have to be able to direct streams of particles, arrange land-capturing turrets for maximum effect, build walls, destroy enemy walls, destroy enemy plasma (slows you down if you try to drive through), repair your own plasma, take strategic energy points, attack structures (quite difficult since only one very short-ranged weapon can destroy enemy structures), manage a ragtag group of loose cannon particles who don't play by anyone's rules (emergent), construct and command a fleet of spaceships which you may have designed yourself, depending on your play preferences, and ultimately rid yourself of any particulate before moving to the next system to start the process again.Along the way you'll have to pick up info crates and blueprints for new ships (you can't build as many of each ship type as you want, you have to have a separate license for each one), and may be assisted by some very powerful capturable gun turrets. Or those turrets may belong to the particulate, and you have to withstand their withering rapid-fire barrages while shooting them with a mining laser. But it's all worth it when it turns around and fights for you in the end.One thing I particularly like is the Doppel. Doppels are adorable squishy conglomerations of jello cubes in the shape of spaceships that try to crash into you to do damage. They can also shoot particles at you. Despite the fact that the map editor lets you create friendly allied Doppel spawners, they don't feature in the campaign, which made me sad. You can't boss them around like normal ships, but their AI is usually enough to make them useful.Epic soundtrack makes you feel like you really are taking on the apocalypse itself and saving the universe. Thought it was worth mentioning.There are exactly two reasons why I am giving this game a 9/10 instead of a full 10/10.1: As of this review's writing, the map editor is extremely buggy, prone to crashing upon creation of a new map or locking the save/finalize buttons so you can't apply changes you've made. This is really frustrating because I like making maps and if I put a lot of work in to find that I can't save it, it pisses me off.2: The game ships with a custom procedural scripting language called PRPL (Particulate Reverse Polish Language, if the CW3 naming convention is continued here.) It's awesome because you can build your own custom objects in the game to do virtually anything, including new ship parts and enemy types. The documentation is still lacking, which is why I sort of dislike trying to make things with it. Of course it doesn't help that the language itself is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of an object-oriented programming language and an assembly language, but hey it's not too difficult to learn so I won't give it too much crap.Other than that, good stuff. If you like real time tactics/strategy, you're liable to develop a crippling addiction to this game and you'll never regret a second of it.EDIT 1: I found prpl reference on the wiki. It may have been added recently or it might have been there the whole time (derp). Either way, I'm upping from 9 to 9.5. If Virgil continues to update this game like he has with his last game, I'll happily make it an official 10."
76561198036489070,Recommended,422900,33894753,Posted: 29 July,all,mikeday,"I loved the entire Creeper World trilogy so was interested to try this.  I had fun, but not nearly as much as with Creeper World.  In fact, it wasn't until several missions in that I actually started enjoying it.  Since I can't make a ""meh"" recommendation, I'm giving it a recommendation, just not a very strong one.  Here's some details:Pros:+ Clearly a lot of effort went into this.+ Can design your own ships.+ Good mix of different default ships with definite roles.+ Flexible tech upgrades - not locked into what you spend and can redistribute between general tech and specific ship boosts.  Can reallocate without loss, there's just a delay for full effectiveness.  This tech reallocation is actually one of my favorite features.+ Most missions do require some strategy.+ The particulate looks interesting.+ Sacrificing ships isn't a permanent loss and can be extremely useful.Cons:- Rather short.- First couple missions feel way too easy, as if you just need to move your fleet a few places and your ships do everything you need.- Did not really deliver on the ""Adaptive and Emergent"" claim made in the trailer - yeah the particulate did react a little bit, but never in a really surprising or interesting way, mainly just acting like it was magnetically attracted to ships or spawning a lot more when you get close to emitters.  Did not seem intelligent at all.The above are pro/con considering the game on its own merits.  But this game is part of the Creeper World universe, which begs a comparison with Creeper World 3 (the last and by far the best of the trilogy and an outstanding game in its own right).So Compared to CW3, Particle Fleet has the following Cons:- Music is not as good.- Interface feels less refined.  For example for some reason you can't view ship health in the normal lower box, where you can toggle all the ship features, there's a separate box for that.- Not as satisfying.- Not nearly as challenging.- Feels shorter.- Story isn't as compelling or interesting.So with all that, why am I giving this a ""Yes""?  Because its fairer than ""No.""  I did enjoy it, I don't feel ripped off or anything, and I want to encourage the developer to do better next time.  Creeper World 3 was awesome and I'm sure Knuckle Cracker will live up to it in future efforts."
76561198045209327,Recommended,422900,25776270,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Rathian,"A delightfully addicting tower defense/real time strategy hybrid-esque game, with show-stealing enemy (and sometimes allied) particles that can freely bounce around the map or clump together in a variety of formations for more orderly assaults. Mix the gameplay with custom ships/units and new features and gimmicks being constantly introduced, and you have a game that rarely seems to get old. If you've played any of the Creeper World games, you'll feel right at home here. If not, go ahead and try it out!In addition, like the Creeper World games, Particle Fleet features a substantial custom level creator, complete with its own scripting system, which allows for the creation of some fairly elaborate levels, alongside a customizable random level generator. As such, there's tons of replay value, and there will be even more as the community begins to make more levels.The two weak points to me are really more nitpicking than anything. In the story mode, the grammar used by characters can be a little...off, sometimes. Nothing major, but it can be noticeable if you're the type to pick up on that. The other minor issue is that the music, while great and suitably epic feeling, tends to loop often enough to be noticeable. Once again, not a big deal.In conclusion, Particle Fleet is a fantastic game that I highly recommend to anyone with a taste for tower defense or RTS games, and it's definitely a more-than-worthy successor to the Creeper World series."
76561197963810364,Recommended,422900,26240314,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,My Love is Pure,"The best creeper world yet! Story wise it wasnt quite as strong or engrossing, but gameplay wise it combined all the best of the other games."
,Recommended,422900,32376651,Posted: 12 June,all,Yup,"Very thoughtfull and in-depth territory control game. Lots of customization options, and a huge library of user-made maps available. The option to pause time and order ships about allows for meticulous perfection when playing. Alternatively, play 'real-time' for a frantic click fest playstyle, which can be more challanging and fun. Either way you play, the gameplay is always rewarding. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,422900,25773609,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DevilDavid,"Amazing game, with user created levels there is near endless content on top of beautiful mechanics. Would definitely recommend to any fan of the Creeper World series (also by KnuckleCracker). If you aren't convinced or just want to check it out before hand there is a demo available on the KnuckleCracker website."
,Recommended,422900,30445741,Posted: 11 March,all,Zlicks,This game was an amazing suprise! When you feel that you have nothing to play even if you have 200+ games in your library. try this game!
,Not Recommended,422900,25916009,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,wattro,"I wanted to like this game, and enjoyed it for a while, but at the end of the day, you're better off playing Creeper World 1 and 2 for free.  3 is also a better game, but I think it costs $.This game does little to innovate on the formula, and continues the trend of being a bit confusing up front about why certain ships or structures are better than others (hint to developer: how about just putting a tool tip over the UI for each ship).On one of the later levels (the level that made me quit), the enemy has a weapon that can just target any of your ships and shoot them.  If it targets your HQ ship, your HQ ship jumps away and all your mines simply stop producing.  20 seconds later you can deploy your HQ ship again, but in that time, your whole fleet has been fighting without energy, so the damage is done.  Worse is when this happens repeatedly."
,Recommended,422900,26008749,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Asmólf,This price for a game like this is a bargain. i wish the firs two creeper world were also available on steam.
76561198000559704,Recommended,422900,26276009,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nick,Good stuff. Haven't gotten into it quite as much as the other Creeper World games but it's a solid evolution of them--definitely feels very different. If you like tower defense/RTS/other Creeper World games you'll enjoy this for sure.
76561197968331161,Recommended,422900,25846143,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Danger,"This is a game of simple rules and concepts but yet has deep strategy.  Its super fun.Its from the same creaters as creeper world, while this is a good game, creeper world is better.This game is about stoping the spread of near mindless particles, with your fleet of ships.  Use the default ships or create your own.  has a random mission generator and a mission editor so you should never not have enough missions, oh yea download other people creations in game too.For the full price of $15 I think its well worth it, as someone who generally waits for sales I personally not sure it the discount will be worth it, I mean you get quite a bit for what is a pretty low price."
,Recommended,422900,25777716,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dreamweaper02,"Another great game by Knuckle Cracker. Similar to Creeper world 3, and just as fantastic. If you enjoyed the Creeper world games then you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,422900,25826040,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Stromson,"Another awesome game from Knuckle Cracker! This is in a similar vein to Creeper World, and you're fighting swarms with swarms. The gameplay is as addictive and satisfying as it ever was, and while the campaign won't take a terrible long time to finish, these games really shine post-campaign. After the first few missions you'll unlock a lot of extra gameplay options that will keep you coming back for a long, long time."
,Recommended,422900,27783138,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,boyamilucky,"I have a few other games that I'd like to play, but they are going to have to wait a while."
76561197972343476,Recommended,422900,25782408,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Shuh,"My gaming life started with pong, yes some of us are still alive.   I think that was 1975.So this puts my gaming life at about 40 years.    This is the best.Bar none, dollar for entertainment value, it is way over the top.And in addition to the entertainment value, the educational value (shhhh don't tell the youngun's), is way, way up there, they will learn how to think.   Don't get me going on a rant about how education should be fun like this game!   So much missed opportunity.  So much wasted youth.So much fun, so much wonderful frustration, so much pride when you get a level because you finally got it.Have fun, this is one way."
76561198005406191,Recommended,422900,31782508,Posted: 15 May,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings!  At its core Particle Fleet: Emergence is a simple game; sort of like playing against a virus.  You slowly capture territory and build ships while the enemy spreads out in all direction with an endless supply of particles (duh).  You will spend a good deal of time overwhelmed and barely holding on but this is part of the charm of the game.Difficult but Fair:  I almost consider this game a ‘souls-like’ game, the difficulty can be high but it is far and you will need to repeat some levels to adapt and understand the best approach.  Some tactics that work wonders on one level will be useless at another.  You have to evaluate your location, land mass, energy mines and the way your opponent is coming at you.  This ends in a satisfying victory when you do finally accomplish it and doesn’t take too long to pick up and put down.Simple and effective:  Every bit of this game is efficient and effective, no, the graphics aren’t award winning but they accomplish the game’s purpose and I’d argue that better graphics could ruin the game.  The music is amazing and although it would be nice to have a bit more I love the score that is in this game.  Mechanics are solid and so are the controls; overall just no real complaints.So, what’s bad:  I can’t really say that I have any part of this game I dislike?  Well, now that I think about it sometimes you get a point where the game is yours but it is going to take another 5-10 minutes to slowly make your way to victory.  This can be a bit boring at times but I don’t really see a way around it.  Overall, I love this game, especially for its price.  The story could be better but wasn’t really expecting anything on this front.All in all, if you like tactical games, especially those that are easy to pick up and a decent difficulty to ensure a satisfactory victory (or defeat) get this game.  It is well worth the play through and if you are like me you will find yourself picking it up from time to time.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,422900,29837157,Posted: 10 February,all,ZaptosIntolerant | cat,"This game is super fun. It allows for so many different stratigies for success and tons of creativity. It also adds to the story of  the Creeper World series. I highly recommend it for anyone who has played Creeper World and if not, it is time for you to start."
,Recommended,422900,29710403,Posted: 4 February,all,Afro Luigi,"This game while taking place in the same universe as Creeper World 1-3 is a vastly different game mechanically and story wise.Taking place between one of the Creeper's many attacks upon civilization, the Particulate is a blast to fight, and the fleet mechanics still feel like Creeper World, while strategically acting very differently.I highly recommend this game to any fans of the Creeper World series that wants to support the developer in making more games!"
,Recommended,422900,25785737,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Vegaetalus,"If you enjoyed the Creeper World games, stop reading now and just buy this. The core gameplay is familiar and improved upon in several ways.This is one of those strategy games where you can sink your teeth into every mission and take things at your own pace (for the most part). I pause frequently during the gameplay to re-assess the situation and consider my next moves.I love that the map has so much going on, with all the particles floating about, but you don't really need to be aware of it all at once. You can take over the map one area at a time (depending on the size of your fleet and your tactical prowess).The game does have a slightly steeper learning curve than CW. You are given ships that contain modules that aren't fully explained in the tutorials. I recommend reading the Help in the main menu after playing a couple missions so you can digest everything that has been thrown at you."
,Recommended,422900,25774709,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Carlz0r,"Similar to Creeper World in some ways, yet quite different enough to stand on its own.  If you're already a fan of Knuckle Cracker games, you'll feel right at home, without feeling like you're playing the same game again.  If you are new, it's time to get started!Added Oct 3, 2016:So I've been playing more.. I usually try to do a mission or two per day off, and I feel like that's a good pace to play at.I really love this game, and I think it has enough strategy and depth to keep me thinking, without being so complex that I lose track of things or find myself getting overwhelmed with features.The main game features a campaign with a number of scenarios that you must play in order.  If you're interested in the story, it will be slowly revealed over the course of these missions.  As you progress, you'll obtain more ships, 'omni' which are used to claim land for energy production, and new abilities.. such as being able to assign your 'amp gems' to overall buffs that increase your movement speed, energy efficiency, or add cannons and 'struc' walls to your stationary energy mines for defense, plus a lot more.Also, as you gain new abilities and expand your arsenal, the enemies will unveil new tricks of their sleeves.  It'd probably be best to leave much of this unspoiled, but I'll just say that simple floating red particles aren't your only concern, they're just kind of the main staple of the enemy forces later on.One of the coolest features, in my opinion, is revealed just a short time into the campaign.. friendly particle emitters, and the means to direct them.  These friendly particles can help you 'mire' land (the term for claiming the land, turning it blue, so it produces energy for you) and unmire the enemy land, harm enemy 'struc' walls and particles, give enemy weapons something to shoot at other than your ships, or even just bolster up your fleet from behind with a constant stream of good particles to help your fighting ships in combat.Another amazing feature is that the ships are made up of little grid-shaped pieces.  These pieces can be structural/defensive blocks, weapons, engines etc, and being hit by something will destroy these pieces.  Taking some structural damage will leave the vital parts functional, but vulnerable.. if the weapons or engines get hit directly, they'll be destroyed, and if the main 'core' of the ship gets hit, that ship will explode and need to reassemble it from scratch.  If your ship is within range of an energy source, however, it will simply use some of your energy to repair itself.Because of the way these ships are designed, you can use the in-game editor to create your own.  I haven't tested this feature much, but I believe user-made ships are restricted to non-campaign modes, such as user-created levels, and the randomly generated maps in the combat simulator.  I believe you CAN use these custom ships on campaign missions, but it will be in a sandbox mode, and only works on missions you have already beaten previously with the ships that are provided in the standard campaign mode.Anyway, I think this is my favorite Knuckle Cracker game.  I liked Creeper World 3 a lot, but eventually certain aspects of that game became too difficult for me, and it wasn't 100% my jam because it's kind of tower defense.  Particle Fleet feels a lot more like an RTS, the difficulty curve feels fair, and.. I just like it.  It's fun.  I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,422900,25776680,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Master Derpy,"Can you make a bad game, please?I've gotten so used to developers putting out at least one pile of crap, that its really freaking me out you haven't done it yet. C'mon, just throw some half-finished fetus of a game out there. You're making the rest of the game industry look bad.For real though, a familiar graphical, retro feel. You can always tell who makes these games. Smooth, fun, decently written, well worth the price. As usual, I enjoy the hell out of it.Knuckle Cracker for life. Keep being you, homie, you're unstoppable."
76561198008329790,Recommended,422900,25797591,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Darth Brandon,"If you like the creeper world games this is similer. The main diffrence is controling fleets instead of building a web of buildings. tech in this game is interesting you get gems that either boost the rang of one ships weapons, or get one of several convinet abillities such as doubling one of your 2 sources of power, gaining defenses among other things. I found this game much easier early game than creeper world since you have less to set up but, finish off enemies can be really frustrating since your arsenal is limited and, your ships tend to be glass cannons. custom maps and, procedural genterated maps are plentiful so even after the story mode. (took me 8 hours) there is a never ending amount of stuff to do."
76561198055315348,Recommended,422900,25801717,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,David,"great strategy game, i'm really excited to see the levels people create."
76561198064104009,Recommended,422900,25785852,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Backherms,"Game companies invest millions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of man hours into their AAA games. The result is usually a well polished turd.If you're into innovative, highly addictive, easy to get into - yet always challenging real time strategy however, buy this game."
,Recommended,422900,25926576,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,alfanugan,"I have enjoyed Knuckle Cracker's games since Creeper World 1 and this is no exception.  In the Creeper World series you battle against a liquid enemy.  This time around you battle against particles that have their own physics.  The particles can bind together to create enemy objects and while you blast away at it with your missiles, cannons, and lasers you see the particles leave the object.A great strategy game that lets you pause the action, makes strategic moves, then resume to see how it unfolds.  It lets you play the levels as designed, or you can create your own fleet of ships with however many weapons you want to install and battle the levels that way.  A full map editor is included so you can design your own maps and submit online for others to try.  If you are really ambitious, it includes a scripting language that will let you design your own weapons, enemies, or AI.  A free demo is even available on Knuckle Cracker's website if you are unsure whether you would like this sort of game, give it a try!Countless hours of fun!"
76561197998764583,Recommended,422900,25929616,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,calculon102,"A nice little strategy-game with some fresh ideas. Customizable space-ships fulfilling different roles in a static warfare against a semi-intelligent (and conscious) and self-reproducting material like in CreeperWorld. Enough aspects to play around and try different strategies, but not overwhelming in depth and taking ages to finish a level.I just finished the main-story and have yet to play around with custom maps, ships and the second mini-camapign, but so far already enough fun and content for the money. And also a promising base for further campaigns and enhancement. This is the type of indie-game I like to buy and support."
76561198042358894,Recommended,422900,25914435,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The UK Is Mine,"Recently, I was planning to purchase the creeper Trilo. but then I saw this game on the corner of my screen on the official website and i had to take a look. when I saw this game, I was amazed. I had loved the other games demos for so long and for months and years, that I thought this kind of change might be bad. i dove right in and got this game instead just to see how different it is.I am on the final mission and it is running in the background as I type this (hears lots particles dying) and I gotta say, I can't find a single thing that I don't like. I mean, maybe add mod support to add your own weapons or special armors, but so far this has been an absolutely brilliant way to spend the past 3 days with no sleep.At one point, I saw sandbox and was hoping to find a ship builder and.... sure enough... I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED! I love the way everything works in this game and every single part of it. I have already mentioned it on Facebook and will hopefully start to upload vids soon of me playing it. I AM IN LOVE!"
76561198002865577,Recommended,422900,25775116,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kezeck,"Great game, if you like any of the creeper wold series this is a must buy!"
76561197964128278,Recommended,422900,25788738,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,EvilBob,Its everything you'd expect from Knuckle Cracker.Its basically Creeper World in space with enough new twists to keep everyone happ... oh man I love this game.  Its great.  Bought it as soon as I saw the developer and played it for 6 hours.  I was supposed to be working!  I have to finish up my paperwork this evening now.  Why?  Why must they always be so good.
,Recommended,422900,28850394,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Depressed Horso,very diffrent from the others in the series but just as fun. a physics based ship/fleet strategy game. not as dificult as the others but just a fun. A decent strategy game even if a bit short.
76561197987069628,Recommended,422900,29770414,Posted: 7 February,all,BJ,"Great game! I like the enemy a bit less than the creepers, but on the other hand, the resource part is more streamlined and for the better. Put a lot more hours in this than Civ 6 and stellaris combined, so that's saying something."
,Recommended,422900,25848624,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Physics based particles as an enemyDesigning my own ships( terribly of course)Sharing and Downloading player created missionsWhat You Need to Know:Game is locked to 30 fpsThe campaign is very easy and you really can't lose the missions, at least I never did, if your HQ ship gets too damaged it warps away leaving you without energy for 15 seconds( which is lame)but doesn't offer much in terms of difficulty.Luckily there are other special missions that are more unique and challenging after you beat the main campaign, plus I've played some player created missions that were tough.You can make your own levels and download others, plus it also has a random mission genaratorThe ship designer is basic, mostly just make a ship size and stick some modules on it, but lacks a tooltip or guide on what the energy usage of weapons or reactors are.Using the ship editor you can make some very powerful ships, but the bigger and more stuff you add, the longer it takes to build, some taking minutes.Can't tell fighters what to prioritize, at least the big cannons go after big ships.Game is overall shorter when compared to CW3, but still offers great variety and pacing in the story mission, giving plenty of new ships to use, and enemies to fight.Overall this game was still very fun, but if you compare it to the masterpiece CW3, it's simpler, easier, and has less going for it terms of being a strategy game.My Score:BPrice:$15Completed in:Main: 7 hoursOther Special Missions: 6 hoursGames similar:Creeper World 3Infested Planet"
76561198071405081,Recommended,422900,26234805,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Walking-Talking-Stephen Hawking,Another great addition to the Creeper world series albeit a very different gameplay mechanic.Perfect blend of RTS and tower defence!
76561198050224753,Recommended,422900,26499788,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,survivorguide,"well. having just finished the main campaign of this game i can say one thing for certain. DANG is this game addicting XD my only dissapointment right now is that the main campaign is a bit short. but thats just the main campaign. there are many many levels that the community created and even a few official ""side campaigns"" you can play through. What I'm personally hoping for is that they release an additional campaign for this game.long story short, if you enjoyed the previous games this is a very nice successor to creeper world. and if they release a particle fleet 2, I will definitly be picking it up. on a note other then just the length of the campaign, the music is wonderful, the art style is pleasing, and the story (if it wasn't evident by me saying i was sad that it was over) is engaging enough to hold my attention and make me want to keep playing. Not that the gameplay wasn't keeping me here, on the contrary, in the classic creeper world feel, i found myself slowly having to strategize on what moves i wanted to make, and where i wanted to go.slight downside that some people might find, and i have even seen in a few reviews, is that the game is not difficult if you know how to play this kind of game. it puts forth quite a few new challenges but in the end is fairly easily overcome if your used to fighting an enemy like this. however it isn't the same as the creep, but it does play similar to it.enough of my rambling XD buy the game, try it out, I'm certainly not regretting it."
,Recommended,422900,28015544,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lordstryker15,"As a fan of all Knuckle Cracker games, I simply cannot get enough of this. All of the creeper world games are fantastic, but this game is something even beyond those. I cant get enough of the ship builder and map exchange. I keep getting challenged to make better ships by these custom maps and I love it.The story is a fun way to learn to play the game, but the additional content is where the game shines. Please continue the great work, Virgil!"
76561198006934629,Recommended,422900,25849468,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Blackoth,"Interesting take on the RTS Genre, have not finished the story but im having fun with the game. Knuckle Cracker seems to have a good grasp of what they want to accomplish with their games. I think i like Creeper World 3 better, but this is still a good game in my eyes."
,Recommended,422900,25775066,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Karmicthreat,Another winner from knuckle cracker.
76561197984297385,Recommended,422900,25771216,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,KrummyAmI,I played the demo a few days ago and the game is so good I purchased it the minute it was available.  This game is great for fans of RTS games or just great games in general.  Knucklecracker makes great games and this is their 4th instant buy game for me.  I have over 200 hours played in the last game and I expect I will have at least as many in this game.
,Recommended,422900,25770274,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,garfu,Awesome.
76561198000713600,Not Recommended,422900,25842769,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Chath Suaco,"It doesn't really feel complete. Maybe I've been spoiled by CW3's (Creeper World 3) refined feel, but this game just feels like the gameplay wasn't fully thought out. In comparison to CW, the real difference between a novice and a master is the time it takes one to complete a mission, which is still true, but it feels less fun because in CW3 there was infinite progression. If you needed more power, you built it, here there's only so much power to build.The weapons on the ships feel very, very limited. There doesn't really seem to be a zone clearing weapon like the mortor or the anti-creeper bombers. For that matter, in spite of the blue particles, there's really no analog for the anti-creep at all. The blue particles some-what fill the space, but there's no sense of it really becoming numerous enough to push back the red particles.If we got a patch in a month or so with a gameplay overhaul that fixes some of the problems with this game, and bring it back a bit to the CW form- or simply improve the feel of the game, I may switch my recomendation to a positive, but right now, I cannot recomend this game over other games. Play CW3 for now, not this."
,Recommended,422900,26469885,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,EthanLandshark,"So far I have had a lot of fun playing this game. It is a little confusing at the start so paying attention during the tutorial mission is key. I am still a little confused about some aspects but I have had a lot of fun learning. Their is not much in the way of help on gameplay because this game is so new, but I imagine people that are better at this game then me will figure it out and start putting things up. Even if I am a little confused, the game is still challenging and fun to play. Definitely worth the $17."
,Recommended,422900,25773553,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lisimba,"Still going through the campaign, so far it's great."
,Recommended,422900,25777679,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AestheticKarma47,I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR A YEAR. ITS OUT. ITS GREAT. ITS CRACK.
76561197971544967,Recommended,422900,29280692,Posted: 15 January,all,Blackblade,"Another excellcent game from this studio that's a little hard to classify.  It is different than the creeper world series but still feels familiar.  Instead of fighting creeper moving along the surface, you are fighting against particles that flow / shoot out of locations.  The particles travel through space based on the terrain, fields and natural forces.  There are also some other obstacles such as plasma (slows your ships), emergent (powerful somewhat random moving ship killers), mines, turrets and even enemy ships and ship like particles in latter missions.To battle this you have a small fleet and a limited land vechicle to fight this.  Each scenario defines what ships are available and each ship has a role (i.e. capturing spawn points, blocking/ramming, ranged fighting, killing ships, clearing plasma, speed, etc).  It makes for a very rewarding experience, slowly fighting back the particles and using your ships to the best of their abilities.  Very puzzle like and less RTS like.  It should also be mentioned you can build your own ships and use them in missions in sandbox mode or even make them the default ships in your own missions made with the editor.Overall I found this game easier than creeper world 3 (only creeper game I've played so far).  The story is also a bit on the short side but there are user made missions, hard missions and random missions which still gives a lot of content.  Overall, well worth your time if you are into unique strategy experiences."
76561197973589694,Not Recommended,422900,28871452,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MightyFox,"Compared to it's predacessors, Particle Fleet is a dissapointment. There is very little strategy involved, the story is forced (painfully so), and the level variety leaves a lot to be desired. Every mission its the same thing. Turtle up in the energy well, capture more energy wells, make a massive fleet, destroy particle nodes. Rinse and repeat.Creeper world, the games predeccessor, had much more variety in terms of obsatcles and weapons the player was up against, and in response the player had to adapt. In Particle fleet, there is no adapting, because you are only allowed the ships you are given, and even the particles themselves don't really seem that dangerous when your ships can take a truckload of them inside your own energy wells. You can create a custom fleet, sure, but for most, that won't make the game any harder.As for the story, I don't mind so much its shorter than it's Creeper World counterparts. I do mind that it was poorly developed with an ending so forced only a ""first draft for sale on Amazon author"" would be proud of it. And before fan boys begin commenting ""well you only didn't like the ending because..."" No. That type of ending is fine so long as it is done right. This one isn't done right. It's pointless, senseless, and it practically gives a middle finger to the player. Perhaps I wouldn't have minded so much if the gameplay was interesting, but it wasn't.TLDR: In short it's Gun platforms vs. Particle effects, and that's it. Compared to Knuckle Cracker's earlier outings, this game just feels lazy and/or a cash in on an idea they were too far along to give up on but didn't want to take all the way. Knuckle Cracker games used to be a guaranteed purchase from me. After Particle Fleet, they arn't anymore."
76561197993006518,Not Recommended,422900,26433545,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Shepherd,Loved Creeper World 3. Great game.This is not it. Makes is seem that Creeper World was a lucky strike on good gameplay. This tries to follow up but breaks everything that makes the original fun. Moving around ships that act like towers. That's it - that's all you do.
76561197963110376,Recommended,422900,25772907,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bob,"I love the games Knuckle Cracker make, their last one had me playing for a long long time, so I was excited to get a few hours on this today after the install. It looks great, and like all their games so far, its fantastically addictive. If you like strategy games that you can keep coming back to, then this is definitely worth the modest asking price."
76561197986044125,Recommended,422900,25773121,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,rialgar,"An awesome Game by an awesome developer. Just as the Creeper World series this game manages to create complex tactical situations from a (seemingly) simple set of rules. I have not completed the story, yet, but so far it keeps me excited and wondering. Even when I finish it, the game will provide me with a countless number of maps, random generated or created by other players, so I WILL spend many hours sending armadas to fight against a swarm of Particulates."
,Recommended,422900,25773913,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,angra,"It's like Creeper World and Gratuitous Space Battles had a baby!  If you like either of those games, you should look seriously at getting this.  If you like both of them, then why are you reading this and not just adding it to your cart?It's been awesome watching the Creeper World series grow, and this game is a great big step forward for the series.  There's lots of new, fun mechanics, but it still has the Creeper World feel."
76561198146181129,Recommended,422900,25772221,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,19chickens,"Particle Fleet is the fifth game from Knuckle Cracker, after ChopRaider and the three Creeper Worlds.  It's also an amazing game.  If you like RTSs, buy it.  If you're not sure, download the demo and try it out."
76561198027942437,Recommended,422900,28197789,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,naryl4,"There are two kinds of good games. One is ""I know it's late but I just need five more minutes"", the other one is ""WHAT? IT'S MORNING ALREADY?"". This one's the latter."
,Not Recommended,422900,26345566,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kostyrs,"As a long time fan of the Creeper World series, I'm just sad at how disappointing Particle Fleet is. The game is just too easy, the main storyline is too short, characters are shallow and unrelatable, the connection to the main story presented in the previous CW games is lame, the selection and positioning of ships is painful, the explanation about what is the particulate and why it came to be is almost absent, etc, etc, etc, etc. I could forgive all of this.What I can't forgive is just how incredibly boring, NOT FUN this game is. There's no joy and no challenge to be had here."
,Recommended,422900,25811758,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SnugglePilot,"I was able to churn through all the content of this game in about 20 hours, and only died a few times. The game isn't all that challenging, but it just feels so good to play.Suggestions for the developers: put some time into the UI/interface. The ""look"" of the game makes it feel pretty complicated, but once you get into it it's deceivingly simple."
76561198110903195,Not Recommended,422900,25779555,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Beardy Dave,"For fans of the game, this is the highly anticipated 4th game from Knuckle Cracker, and I'm sorry to say that it was over hyped.  Previous games in the series left me with a feeling of wanting to come back for more.  In PF:E I managed to get through all the story missions and a couple of the bonus missions in a few hours without failing once.The game feels like it was finished in a rush to meet the release date and lacks the polish found in the previous games.I am a big fan of earlier games and I like the developer, so I will continue to buy following games they produce, but this just missed the mark by a fair amount. If you're new to the series, this may be a quick and easy introduction to the style of play, but for now there is a bigger challenge, and a deeper storyline, to be found in the earlier games."
,Recommended,422900,26273166,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,мой нан носит кро,Not a bad game im  enjoying it so far 10/10
76561198007861570,Recommended,422900,26278008,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,sn0rlax,Much soundtrack. Wow. Very strategy. 10/10
76561198152189330,Recommended,422900,26522238,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Oljo,"as all of knucklecrackers games, this one is no exception in that it is both fun to play, and has an interresting story."
76561198004436165,Recommended,422900,25780831,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Maxend,"Very enjoyable game well worth your time, especially if you enjoyed the developers previous outings."
,Recommended,422900,25846413,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,AnaLoGMunKy,"I loved the previous three and I love this one. This follows on from the events of CW3 with a new bunch of heros who stand up against the ever evolving... stuff!Its evolved from sludge stuff to particle stuff.The way I see it is the game is more refined and flows better. I can happily say I would go back and play any of these 4 games from Knucklecracker because they all have some unique dynamic. Im so glad we didnt just get another CW3, as if that game isnt seriously jam packed with stuff to do already! The previous games are all fun and have a different feel, number 2 even changes the dimension from top down to side scrolling and while I didnt like that at first, after playing a few levels I fell in love. So here I am on installment numero 4 and I love this one already."
,Recommended,422900,25847802,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Victor,I've been following and anticipating this game since I saw the teaser over a year ago and I feel like Knuckle Cracker has delivered another solid game.
,Recommended,422900,25849415,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,EightBitRanger,"If you liked Creeper World 3: Arc Eternal, you may or may not like this game. Some similarities, but also a lot of differences. Campaign was a little shorter than I would have liked, but got almost 13 hours of gameplay for $17 and replay value is increased with the second campaign, simulacrum and custom-made missions of which I have yet to try.Soundtrack is wicked good though. Almost worth the full price just for that."
76561198021604789,Recommended,422900,25809085,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,allanon,Absolutely addictive!
76561197993392850,Recommended,422900,25863457,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Joe Pesci,"It's very good. Buy it.There is no Farbor mission for the campaign so you can turtle as slowly as you wish. It will take you 6 to 9 minutes to get used to particles incread of creep if you are comming from CW3 (Creeper World 3). They also say ""redacted"" space a lot which triggers me because it seems like a misuse of the word redacted but hey whatever. They needed a word and they chose one. You can create your own ships and even play them in the campagin though I don't think you can progress the campagin unless you play their ships at least once. Campaign is good and has several references to Knuckle Cracker's earlier games. The campaign experience is enriching if you have played CW3 but you can still follow along if you have never played any of their earlier games. The game is playable, and I have not found any game breaking bugs but there are things I am not sure you would call bugs but might likely get patched. For example, In the ship editor, and under hul editing, you can remove the hull of your ship underneath a placed module. It will highlight the module in red when you apply but it just strikes me as something they will eventially change it so you are unable to remove the hull under a module. Who knows though. Another thing with the editor is you can name your ship in addition to naming your filename. When you create a new ship you are unable to change the filename with the ingame editor. You have to try playing a map with a sandbox fleet and select the file and save it as a new filename. Then you can exit out of this and go back into the editor and delete the one with the filename you don't like. I have gotten off into the weeds now. If you have read this far congradulations you are part of the solution when it comes to fighting illiteracy. Sadly many people in America and many western countries have never even read a book. Pathetic. 1433"
76561198124973947,Recommended,422900,28832227,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Permafrosted,"Best game I had played all year. Story is interesting, gameplay is fun, and the simulacron allows for endless fun. 10/10"
76561198006816464,Recommended,422900,25820044,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,westphilip,"Loving this.Thanks Knuckle Cracker, you've done it again."
,Recommended,422900,25821332,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Warchief,Another exelent game by Knuckle Cracker.
,Recommended,422900,25822642,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Paradox Song,Really great. Anyone who likes strategy games or has played a Creeper World game will be right at home here.
76561198319669219,Recommended,422900,28603195,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,That Russian Guy,got gameopened map editorhad fun10/10 would open map editor again
,Recommended,422900,29213020,Posted: 12 January,all,litesaber13,"A fun game for what it is, but the entire campaign is what other games would consider a tutorial. The Inception missions are a weak substitute for what I've come to expect from Knuckle Cracker, and the game overall feels like a demo version.Overall, while it barely measures up to any of the previous games in the setting, it is leaps and bounds ahead of most indie fare at the same price point.I do hope we get a bit more content at some point though."
,Recommended,422900,27924559,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mrpac-man,Insert coffeethor.gif here.
76561197960448732,Recommended,422900,25790140,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Shrike30,"Another great game from Knuckle Cracker!  Lock down your energy mines, bring the fleet into line, and go after the Particulate before it overwhelms you!"
76561198036298569,Recommended,422900,25789447,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,yzpaul,The best game Ive bought on Steam in a long time! It has everything from ship customization to difficult and challenging levels with new mechanics to a great AI! Fantastic Game!
76561197995563416,Recommended,422900,25789534,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Billy,"Not as engaging as Creeper World was, but it is still a really good game.If you liked Creeper world, this should be an automatic pickup."
,Recommended,422900,25896524,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,santamummy,Perfect sequel to the creeper world series. The engine is very polished and gameplay is well balanced
76561198044852145,Recommended,422900,25916829,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MikeLongo42,"Great game, similar enough to Creeper World so that I didn't feel lost but different enough to keep me coming back for more"
,Recommended,422900,26526945,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PickleTheCat,creeper world but faster
76561197994729886,Recommended,422900,30064728,Posted: 20 February,all,AiDec,Great game!Awesome replayability :)
,Recommended,422900,27452751,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Circuit,awesome particle physics strategy game
,Recommended,422900,33494700,Posted: 12 July,all,Ice_GopherFC,Great little strategy game to pass the time or relax with!
76561198060197061,Recommended,422900,33673466,Posted: 20 July,all,Chocolate Pudding01,Best of the series yet in my opinion!
,Recommended,422900,25814010,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Horror Business,awesome addition to the creeper world games!
,Recommended,422900,25814632,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Eldiora,"A very interesting game that gives you enough tactical choice with different ships to get good variation. Also the inclusion of the editor gives you a ton of extra maps from the community.The music is ok but after a while its like one of those earworms you simply cannot get out of your head.The only small downside is that there is no multiplayer, that would be quite interesting having some matches where everyone can choose either predone or their own ships and fight it out.This game is definately worth it for its price and fun if you like tactical games with some puzzle element to them (the puzzle is mostly figuring out how to take down stuff effectively)"
,Recommended,422900,25781565,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Melonar,"Another excellent game from Knuckle Cracker.  If you like RTS games, you should definitely pick this up."
76561198001413615,Recommended,422900,25771994,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Remann,Great game
,Recommended,422900,25782036,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,skvarky,If you liked Creeper World 3 you will love it
76561197995347737,Recommended,422900,25798781,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,={POOL}= Mii-RaGe,"This a great sucessor of the Creeper world franchise.If you loved Creeper World, it might take a little bit of adaptation to enjoy this game, especially since the beginning of the story is quite easy.It gets more and more challenging!Awesome game!"
,Recommended,422900,25795468,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Linke Tjeerd,Couldn't wait to play Particle Fleet after finishing Creeper World. Very interesting resource management/strategy game made by an indie developer.
,Recommended,422900,25832001,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Big Nose Dolphin,"Like the Creeper World series, this game is fun to play.  There's something oddly satisfying about fighting against mindless enimies like creeper or particles."
,Recommended,422900,25814395,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,Extremely well designed game but to my dislike kind of short. Still extremely reccomended for fans of the series and people who enjoy a solid RTS challenge.
,Not Recommended,422900,29111080,Posted: 8 January,all,Timberfox,"Bought this after loving Creeper World 3.Its not nearly as fun, almost no difficulty, and the same strategy you use on level 1, will be basically what you use untill the end.  I'm glad i supported the developer, but i think the mark was really missed on this one.  Perhaps if the game somehow revolved around building custom ships, but the custom ships, as implemented, just end up making the game even easier."
76561198046679215,Recommended,422900,26298064,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gustoftime,"Great game, as always."
,Recommended,422900,25874930,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,pengy,"Great game, needs a bit more depth to be on the same level as Creeper World 3 though.Working through the bonus missions now, unfortunately there just isn't the same depth to strategy that there was in the other games."
,Recommended,422900,25778088,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,D.e.v.i.O.S ,OK who ever this dev team is.I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,422900,25809927,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Iridium Ore,Had a lot of fun playing on the story alone.
76561198045172522,Recommended,422900,25801479,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,johnfaber2,"It's a great addition to your Creeper World collection. I do admit though, I didn't like the story. Too much going on, too many questions left unanswered, the story telling is seriously clunky,it has a bit of a downer ending,and all the characters are serious drama queens, especially Director Ogun.I would've also liked if the screen focused on things the character were talking about, or when they said ""scanning mysterious thing"", there was an actual scan animation. But, yeah, that's really nitpicky. The most important part, the gameplay, is everything I was promised it would be, albeit it was much easier and shorter than any of the Creeper World episodes. I mean, CW3 opened this gigantic, complex story line to us, and here we only get, what?16 levels?That's a bit of a letdown! Also, there's a serious difficulty spike between story and the ""Inception"" levels. But, all in all, it's worth it."
,Recommended,422900,25778647,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Chalchiutlicue,"It's different from Creeper Worlds.But every Creeper World Part was different from its predecessor, too.I like the new game mechanics!And the Linux Support.But the Linux Version has one bug.Desktop Notifications are always in the foreground!"
76561198046763386,Recommended,422900,25781301,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,bencmuirhead,:)
,Not Recommended,422900,26764252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,plain.simple.Andy,"I have one huge issue with the game: Performance. Framerates are abyssmal.Accelerating the game speed to 2x or even 4x does not accelerate the game and actually slows it down even more.Some time after I purchased the game I read straight from the developer that the low framerate is intended. Reason: online leaderboards.This is a lowsy explanation and not reasonable at all. Just look at some scores and you will know what I'm talking about. Some maps are finished within 10 seconds, which is absolutely impossible! Cheaters and/or exploits negate the given reason of ""fairness in competition"".Even though I really enjoyed Creeper World 3 and Particle Fleet, the performance is just headache inducing and painful to watch. I won't buy any games from Knuckle Cracker in the future if the mentality of ""low framerates are fine!"" continues."
,Recommended,422900,25775142,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,Stop Reading this and buy it now! :D
76561198031441058,Recommended,422900,25791206,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,spencer,Absolutely Brilliant!!! Knucklecracker has done it again!
76561198204857840,Recommended,422900,25788693,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Spartan7Golf,I haven't even played it yet.
,Recommended,422900,26648714,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,wienand,Fun
76561198147781201,Recommended,422900,25783842,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Nathan the Legionare,Amazing :D
76561198072194954,Recommended,422900,25793951,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,oOFrankOo,Never a dissapointment with Knuckle Cracker!  I played through Creeper World 1 to 3.  And I have enjoyed PF:E very much!
,Recommended,422900,25815659,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sporkmonger,"Slightly different take on the Creeper World games. Pretty good. Story's terrible as usual, but the game is really fun. Totally worth your money."
76561198028632065,Recommended,422900,25870816,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,otherjazzman,"Another great game from Knuckle Cracker, with an excellent story and scope to be extremely replayable due to the mission editor and sharing function. The difficulty of the story campaign doesn't increase as much as it perhaps should do; even in the final missions you are very unlikely to lose the mission as long as you don't mess up the first two minutes. However gameplay is well developed and the concept is fairly unique. I can very much recommend this game."
,Recommended,422900,25887108,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Insouciance,Another great game made by Knuckle Cracker! Great gameplay and awesome music are just a few of the feature this game has to offer. It also has an extensive level creator and even an exchange to play levels other players have made. Highly recommend this game and Knuckle Crackers other amazing games( The Creeper World Series).
,Recommended,422900,25860302,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Shroom Agent,"It's a fun game, a lot like the previous creeper world games."
76561197986262991,Recommended,422900,28263991,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Storm,"I've played all the creeper games, when I saw Particle Fleet had finally released, it was a no brainer.  Game just keeps getting more and more interesting as the campaign moves forward.  Best creeper game yet!"
76561198021411633,Recommended,422900,25794503,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zombie,"Great game to burn your time.I hope for some more weapons i future updates.Only the ship designer is bloody annoying, especially if you are running the game in a higher than HD resolution."
,Recommended,422900,25773677,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Maddog,Pretty good although when you open the menu you can acidentally click restart mission with no warning.
,Recommended,422900,25780631,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Trien,"Solid game, Glad to see it finally released. Played straight for 9 hours"
76561198167414555,Recommended,422900,25792218,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,navacamal,Buy this game
,Recommended,422900,25877457,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bit31,Knuckle Cracker did it again.
76561198039736673,Not Recommended,422900,25858566,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,CCNNCCNN,"Short: Each level is just the same grind on a larger scale, It is extremely easy but also takes forever.Long: This game feels good, the controls are smooth. The GUI is clean. The campaign has a kinda interesting story. The graphics are simple but pleasing. The ship customization is shallow but there. But the gameplay is just terrible. The problem is that the AI isn't there. I'm aware that this is what makes this game different from the traditional RTS, but this is a step backwards, no matter how unique it makes the game.There are particulate spawners, which spawn particulate. Meanwhile you control customizable spaceships. It's a cool concept, space battles against a blob made up of hundreds of smaller pieces. The problem is that this is choreographed from the second the game starts. One spawner will spawn particulate at the same rate in the same direction for the whole duration of the level. And EVERY level is like this. How do the levels get harder you ask? More spawners. Except this doesn't make it harder, it just makes the levels take longer to complete.If you have ever played StarCraft II you might remember the campaign mission in the tunnels on Char. There was one part where you have to use your guys to slowly fight up a narrow passage against constantly spawning enemies. See that works, if it is just one part of one mission. But in Particle Fleet that is the WHOLE GAME. Each level is just the same grind on a larger scale."
,Recommended,422900,25828339,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,mraider94,Used money from my mattress safe to buy this at 3am.Dis best game.
76561198011116901,Not Recommended,422900,26213208,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Nightheart,Its Creeper World! but its not.... the game is interesting and its got everything you need to scratch that creeper worl itch but ....its not difficult not in the slightist every level is easy and takes little time to win the ending is pretty bad such a shame maybe we will get a 2nd game and it will actually present a challange.
76561198155757283,Recommended,422900,25811855,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MegaSimCity,If you like creeper world youll love this
76561198055339401,Not Recommended,422900,26255413,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dennis,"I bought this game because I am a fan of Creeper World 1 2 and 3. I've spent 1000s of hours in those games. Being from the same creators I was hoping this would be similar. Unfortunately this new spaceship game is not nearly as good, it needs a lot polish, and always seems like it's missing something or it's unfinished. Sadly I don't think it can be fixed, the concept is just not nearly as good as Creeper World.  I'd definately recommend new players start with Creeper World 3 instead of this.PS: I waited patiently before posting this review and making up my mind. The last level, Level 15, was what pushed me over the edge. That was not funny, or fun to play. If you were trying to annoy people and make them ragequit, well done. It was just a really crappy way to end a medoicre campaign.Thumbs down for this game, please get back to what you're good at: Creep."
,Recommended,422900,25787573,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Rampaging Tides,10/10 IGN
,Recommended,422900,28550057,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,Pick this up alongside the rest of the collection. This mixes up the standard Creeper gameplay a bit.
,Recommended,422900,25817573,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Comrade_Blade,If you liked creeper world you will love this
76561198072744897,Recommended,422900,25871108,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Player 2,Super fun and yet still challenging
,Recommended,422900,25875659,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,The Emperor,"Trust it from Robby Rotten himself, this game is amazing.It's everything you could ever want.You can build a wall of ships.You can build a wall of me.You can build the wall of Robby."
,Recommended,422900,28211784,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Srdjan,100% Autism. Would recomend.
76561198116722519,Not Recommended,422900,30463974,Posted: 11 March,all,razermile,"BE WARE, there is mouse control issue , the game will bug out once in a while, they will not refund if you use it more than 2 hour. if you get it direct from dev u get a copy and key for steam , both at same price :( download demo first on dev website before buy"
76561198006267993,Not Recommended,422900,25793240,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Loadstone,"## UPDATED ##Even worse they are now charging you for DLC at 1/3 the price of the original game. This is jsut over priced fan boy abuse.So a lot of people are in love with this game, but frankly after finishing it, it felt more like an old flash game or mobile game. The single player is ok, it is not amazing but it is not bad either.The ship building aspect is really cool, like a mine craft meets gratuitous space battles builder. The problem is this awesome feature is not part of the single player which you are forced to play before accessing other game modes. There is also no clear guide as to which weapons do what, not even a tooltip.This combined with a story that is head bangingly dull left me feeling meh about the whole experience. Good for a slow paced low stress game but not very challenging.Buy it on sale, but not for $15Edit to be clear, yes i know you can 'sandbox' but thats not integrated into the game. a better mode would have been you have x materials, now build somthing!theres no challange in making a stupidly big battleship and unleashing it on the meger challange that is single player"
,Not Recommended,422900,25863870,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Geofferic,The cheapness and unfairness of some of the maps makes this a no-go unless it's very cheap.Super disappointing from this dev.
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,422900,33712011,Posted: 21 July,all,Nathaniel Prime,"This game is not quite shovelware, but it is definitely an attempt to monetize something from a series which is really free flash game quality. It is a primitive real time strategy with hardly any units and a fairly dull enemy and a very dull story. The most offensive thing is that it contains a ship editor with NO description of what any modules actually do, and then are only about ten modules to choose from. Not worth your time or your money."
76561197978341880,Not Recommended,422900,25813972,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zephyx,"Extremely simplistic game, not much more interesting than a web based arcade game. worth about $4.99. I wouldnt buy it for any more."
76561198311149307,Not Recommended,422900,27758953,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eagle_of_Fire,"This game is a rehash of the old Creeper World serie. While this serie was great 15 years ago when it came out the core concept never changed. Instead of updating their games the creators of Knuckle Crackers decided to make games after games and asking for more money every single time.In itself if you never played Creeper World this game might interest you. But I played most if not all of their previous games and I was appaled by the lack of originality and content this game has to offer. You simply do not play this game for any other purpose than to follow the continuation of the story, a story which never been and is still not stellar to begin with.I am happy I got this game in a huge sale which reduced its cost very significantly. But at full price this game is a complete and utter ripoff. I certainly do not approve."
76561198049945266,Recommended,422900,30429839,Posted: 10 March,all,ZombieKef,"I had great fun replaying the three Creeper games, and finally got to move on to Particle Fleet. I finished the campaign for the first time last night – really impressive the way it resembles the previous games in many ways, yet is innovative and also does its own thing. Particles make a great replacement villain for creeper, and they’re mesmerising to watch sometimes as they move and change. Good evolution of levels too, so that I kept trying different tactics and solving puzzles (how to free particles from inside land; how to reach areas to lathe using mines etc). I also enjoyed the ship designer and bonus missions. The game was really well done, and a great continuation of the series, even better than I had expected."
,Recommended,422900,30740885,Posted: 25 March,all,Psycojoker,"If you've liked creeper world 3, you'll like this game. I was a bit sceptical at first about controling ships but it turns out to be great. Definitively another gem from Knucle Craker!"
,Recommended,422900,30697819,Posted: 23 March,all,Koryoshi,I played every edition of Creeper World and this game is simply fantastic. Well worth the money and much better than most big name strategy titles.
,Recommended,422900,30701384,Posted: 24 March,all,Daniel.Drache,Great game
,Recommended,422900,30463190,Posted: 11 March,all,StarShadow,"At first I got this game because I wanted something else, and I had experience with Knucke Cracker playing through Creeper World 3.The game is very well made, and on each level you learn more of the story.With all of they levels, they start out challenging and require strategy in order to win, especially as you get to the later levels.This game represents a very good combination of story and gameplay."
,Recommended,422900,25777031,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,! Taz the Husky,Glad I stumbled across this gem. It's a break from all the other junk out there. :D
76561198003223038,Recommended,422900,25777274,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,zilas00,"I don't write many reviews to games.  That being said, stop wasting your time and push the purchase button already, you won't regret it.  Great job Virgil."
76561198022186238,Recommended,422900,25777292,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Urban Moose,"I found the learning curve to be slightly steeper than Creeper World 3, but this game is well worth the buy."
76561197963664525,Recommended,422900,25777307,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Terkala,"A great game in the Creeper World universe, moving more toward making it a hybrid RTS/tower defense than the last, and much more engaging. Even better than the previous games."
76561197985226368,Recommended,422900,25777461,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ashaman16,Awesome new creeper twist. Same great story telling.  Same great gameplay.
76561197995250438,Recommended,422900,25776061,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Manik,"Once again Knuckle Cracker has created a brilliant real time strategy game. If you enjoyed Creeper World 3 you must get this game. Its incredibly fun and challenging, and I plan on playing it again and again for years to come. The graphical and audio is a great improvement as well. In short, BUY THIS GAME! You're helping a great one-man studio to continue making great games!"
76561198011306608,Recommended,422900,25776208,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Greywolf,Yet another masterpiece in his evolution of the tower defense genre.
,Recommended,422900,25776241,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Keelix1911,"Great game with near endless replayability. Great music and very fluid combat (ha). Has amazing tools including ships, maps, mission editors, and a random map generator. 5/7!"
76561197972973269,Recommended,422900,25776289,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,geeemtea,Awesome game!  Been following the blog since it was first announced.  Glad to finally have it!
,Recommended,422900,25776300,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Knickels the Ekidna,"If your looking for an amazing strategic game to sink hours into, this is the game for you.  I have been watching Knuckle Cracker slowly develop from online flash games to polished full releases and I have to tell you;  this is the best game so far.  Buy this game"
,Recommended,422900,25827185,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[BT] draders,"Overall I really enjoyed the game. There is a decent amount of variety and customization to keep it interesting.I played the story mode first and it felt like an afterthought. The way it was set up  kept distracting from the gameplay as it would pause your game to bring up some generic space dialogue when certain triggers happened. They are easily skippable, but the earlier levels put some tutorial in the dialog."
,Recommended,422900,25827501,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Surface,"Great game, interesting and relatively unique mechanics, lots of replayability, map maker + community maps, winner all around."
,Recommended,422900,25829892,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,mdeely,Awesome game... if you are a fan of Creeper World you will know how addicting the game is.  This has the ability to blow that out of the water in terms of replayability.  Buy it now.
,Recommended,422900,25829988,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Martoon,"Really, really fun, emergent gameplay. I've been long time fan of Knucklecracker's games, and this one did not disappoint. The gameplay is strategy that's simple to get into, but can have deep complexity.The story missions will take a few hours to get through, and the Inception missions will provide some more hours, but that's just the beginning. Like the Creeper World games (from the same developer), there's a random mission generator with lots of controls that can be tweaked to your liking (or you can just go full random), and there will be an endless supply of quality user created levels that are easy to access through the in-game interface.I highly recommend this purchase."
76561198045842248,Recommended,422900,25830606,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,pdqgauss,"The story missions were captivating in their own way, but what I'm looking forward to are the shipload of user-created missions."
76561197961406863,Recommended,422900,25829760,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Pottah,"Really good, like the other games in the series but a step up."
,Recommended,422900,25991157,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Skel1,"Super Short TL;DR: If you liked creeper world 3, you will like this.Slightly longer TL:DR: While this game isn't a creeper world 3 sequel it shares very similar gameplay elements and can almost be called a spiritual sequal. The game is played by defending from and conquering never ending emitters of 'stuff'. In creeper world it was basically water (grey goo) that you held back with various towers. In this game you're holding back ""space grey goo"" and instead of using towers, you're using space ships that are each retrofitted with various types of guns.More formal review: Creative take on the tower defense genre. Instead of fighting waves of enemies, you're tasked with defeating a map that has a bunch of emitters that spawn unlimited enemies. The enemies in this game have a mostly fluid behavior similar to fighting a flow of water if that makes sense. Pacing through the story is good with incremental upgrades, and after a bit of progression the game opens up additional non-story maps and a community portal that can potentially offer an infinite number of maps to play.  Instead of building stationary towers you build space ships with retrofitted weapons that you can strategically place and move around the map at will.Highly recommended if you like tower defense game. If you have not played Knuckle Cracker's previous game creeper world 3 I highly recommend both, as the the games are very similar in many ways but different enough to offer a fresh experience."
76561197969702076,Recommended,422900,25991580,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,MisterFlibble,"Don't let the basic graphics distract you, this is a slick well-thought-out pausible-realtime strategy game. You should also try the prequel to this, Creeper 3."
76561198039417136,Recommended,422900,25990139,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Trilandian,"If you've enjoyed the Creeper World games, you're basically guaranteed to enjoy Particle Fleet. It uses the familiar fluid dynamics from the previous games and also adds a new ship combat dimension.Pros:* The shift from ground-based to space-based combat makes the game more dynamic.* Th ship customization feature is excellent lets you design exactly the kind of ships you wants, and is very fun to tinker with.* The map exchange should ensure the game's longevity.Cons:* Relatively short and underwhelming campaign.* Severely lacking list of pre-made scenarios (which should hopefully be remedied in the long run by the abovementioned map exchange).* UI could use some tuning."
,Recommended,422900,26019294,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ratthing,"Awesome game, well recommended. If you liked the creeper world series, this similarly fun to play. Great replay value and the graphics are definitely a whole lot improved since creeper world 3.For those new to it, the levels in the campaign are usually easy to figure out but the real challenge is in beating the level quickly. So, you can grind it out for an hour or figure out how to do it in a few minutes. This makes the game attractive for casual playing as well as for hard core strategists. To win, you need to optimize strategy and resource usage and make use of all the various strengths and weaknesses of your own and enemy units. What adds fun is that the enemy is beautifully rendered particles that move and cluster in all sorts of complex patterns. It can crowd you and and you counter with guns and armor to overcome it. You beat the game by by taking out particle emitters and gaining control of the energy resources on the map.With creeper world 3 there have been lots of users that ended up writing new levels and using the built in scripting language to tweak the game dynamics or even introduce new game modes. This game has similar potentia and comes with all the tools to do thisl and there already loads of community maps. You'll do the campaign in about 10-15 hours and then move on to the user provided maps, This is where the real fun starts. These unlock after you complete the first ten levels, which sort of function as a tutorial as well."
,Recommended,422900,25958179,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is kind of like a tower defense game, only you do not have a line of creeps trying to make it across the map to some spot.  Instead you have a fluid enemy in which you must destroy several spawners.  If you have played Creeper world and liked it, then you will enjoy this game.  It is a good game, but not a great game, however it is quite cheap, so there is that.My only complaint is after finishing the story missions, there are some extra scenerio missions.  I found them frustrating, especially because the game ""cheats"".  For example there is some problematic emitter.  You get your fleet near it and you have it locked down.  You kill all the partilces it makes as fast as you make them.  Then you move in for the kill shot, and then suddenly the emitter cranks out 20x as much as it did before and blows away your entire fleet. Its just stupid and I didn't find those very fun."
76561198043378902,Recommended,422900,26032148,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,teamikke,The game is fun to play but the campaign is quite short and not difficult. The creeper world series were more challenging. Expected more content for the money.
,Recommended,422900,26062230,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Eppiox,"Particle Fleet is set in the Creeper world universe, if you enjoyed them you'll most likely enjoy this one.I purchased this solely because of their prior games and I trust the authors to produce a game to a certain quality, I was not disappointed and happy by the time I finished the game with only one small downside.  The game could use more missions, more things to show off the authors engine, more bizarre enemy movements.Either way if you’ve enjoyed the other games then check this one out too."
76561198058150453,Recommended,422900,26062255,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bigdaug,Very fun its like creeper world 3 but better
76561198078677236,Recommended,422900,26108808,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,kengoblue,I have played a ton of space rts sandbox simulator type games.I'm not sure how to describe this game.But it's the most pure fun I've had playing one in a long time.Story is blah.But the game mechanics are genius.You can play the campaign or sandbox it and throw anything you want at the particulates : )Ship editing is a blast -- easy and the weapons are cool.Kind of how Gratutitous Space Battles should have been...This will one I will play for a long time I think.What a blast.
,Recommended,422900,25973592,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ible,A satisfactory evolution of Creeper World 3 game mechanics.
76561197970572129,Recommended,422900,26005140,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ZSB - Zoot Suit Bryon,"Watching one of the developer's beta videos sold me on buying this game, and it was well worth it.  I haven't played any of the dev's previous games, but this one is fascinating.  You control a fleet of ships fighting against the ""particles"", a non-intelligent enemy seemingly governed by a physics or rule base.  In addition to the 16 mission campaign, there are an additional 9 missions from the dev, plus 100+ user-created ones on the user exchange, created using the built-in mission editor.  The game also includes a ship editor to create your own ships, and the ""simulator"", which is a very customizable random map creator.   The UI on the assorted editors and extras needs some improvements. butthe amount of stuff provided in the game is a tremendous value.  And that's not even considering the awesome soundtrack.  I'm not normally one to pay much attention to the music in a game. butthe music in Particle Fleet is great.  Even my son kept on commenting on how much he liked the music while I was playing the game.  I'd buy a stand alone soundtrack if they offered one.So it's a good value, but what's the gameplay like?  I loved it, personally.  It's a bit hard to describe, but I'll try.  You build the ships in your fleet using energy from energy sources you control.  You use those ships to destroy enemy structures, such as particle emitters.   The enemy particles form hazards and threats you must overcome, but it's much more like puzzle-solving strategy than what you'd find in a RTS.  The difficulty is generally not that hard is you take your time and plan ahead."
76561197963686562,Recommended,422900,25995697,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ender,Another game that sucks away time.
,Recommended,422900,26001660,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jesster_King,"Amazing game, very different than the other creeper world games but still has that same feel, I wish more developers could find their groove like virgil has and keep a franchise going without it getting stale. If you're on the fence about it, you can play the demo he has on his site but I love it."
76561197993174423,Recommended,422900,26168911,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rikko,"Particle Fleet: Emergence is my favourite new game. It takes elements of a classic RTS and adds some constraints for match-like play that are very well balanced.You begin with a set of ships, but none are built. By capturing and holding energy mines, you can use that energy to build ships. However, you've always got a set number of ships you can build. That means you don't ""build ships"", per se - you have a ship allotment of, say, 10 ships, and each ship can either be built (and in play) or not built (destroyed). There's no overwhelming force possible in this game - you've got a small number of pieces to move around.That's hugely important to the gameplay, where the particals you battle swarm in patterns. You block those patterns by positioning ships where they can destroy the particle advance before it goes through your defensive lines.You can speed run the maps (some players finish levels in 6-7 minutes), but a slow, long match is just as fun. You can gradually move your defensive lines up to the enemy and have a good long battle if you want. That 90 minute match might get tedious, but fortunately you can speed up the game 4x to skip by time if your ships are only slowly gaining ground.There's a story campaign with 15 missions that help introduce the different game elements and ship designs. It's light fluff but walks you through a lot of great map designs. After that, there's a set of one-off maps (some user-submitted, from the looks of it) that aren't realistic (from the story/lore POV), but give fun scenarios to try to play in.THEN there's the online map index where you can download and review maps submitted by other players.THEN there's also the map editor, which is fully capable of building any map in the game (including the campaign maps). You can design any game map to your heart's content, and design specific ships to supply players with.The overall AI is pretty good. The particle behaviour is interesting and challenging without being frustrating.This was one of those risky buys where I wasn't sure I'd like the game, but it turned into my favourite in a long time. If you're a fan of slow RTS games like Supreme Commander, or if you like tower defense games, you'll probably find Partical Fleet: Emergence holds a lot of appeal for you. Fans of hardcore action games will probably not enjoy this as much - it's definitely more of a strategy game than an action game."
76561198326225383,Recommended,422900,26361891,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Hilol1000,"WOW! I love this game! Just compleated the story mode. I must say i love the story of this game. Spoiler at the end a super sad thing happens. This game is one of the best game i have played in a long time GET THIS GAME NOW!!! To Knuckle Cracker if you are reading this can you put Creeper Word 1, Creeper World 2, CW1 Map editor and CW2 Map editor on steam because it would make my life much more easier. Thanks for reading! :D :)"
,Recommended,422900,26121336,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Xrisis,"Racking up the hours in the Exchange. You see, that's what the game and previous Creeperworld games have been about: inifinite plays. The story in Particle Fleet is.... something I skipped entirely, and kudos to the developer for making it skippable. I still haven't figured out how the energy system actually works, but I'm loving playing the random maps other players have made. This game is as fun as the previous, so if you liked those, you should have already purchased this one.Anyone looking for a great (almost casual) game to play while watching the Longhorns lose football games should pick this one up now."
76561198054416266,Recommended,422900,25978086,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,flyingmetalbug,"very satisfying game, endless random map also superb! story need some work(alot of work) thought."
76561197998145322,Recommended,422900,25978242,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Have we won yet?,"Such a great game. The dev took a risk and swayed away from his winning formula from CW3 and got a completelly different, but amazing game."
,Recommended,422900,26775991,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kharne83,"Just when I thought I escaped the maddeningly addictive grasp of Creeper World 3. This thing comes along.While not as big on initial content as Creeper World 3 was, the return of random maps as well as a map editor ensures plenty of logevity. moreso, a ship editor means user missions are able to include their own custom units, or you can play through any mission in the game with your own designs.Basically, If you got hooked on Creeper Word 1-3 like I did? Weclome to your new addiction."
76561198092377841,Recommended,422900,27042087,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wardcadf,An Excellent addition to the Creeper World saga.  Looking foward to a game centered around the origin of the creeper/particulate.
76561198083134282,Recommended,422900,26224531,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kingcaleb05,"awesome game, missing some things like sharing ship builds, co-op, maybe some other weapons or toolsBut the game is Awesome!"
,Recommended,422900,26530617,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Wolffe,"Knuckle Cracker have done it again, delivered amazing 2D asymmetric gameplay without needing ultra-realistic graphics. If you enjoy Creeper World then you will enjoy this.And for only £11 this game is a bargain, will definitely be buying every game Knuckle Cracker produces."
76561198008322068,Recommended,422900,26380948,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,splancer,"I have never played any Creeper World games so my impression is  that this is a 'tower-defense style RTS where you have to advance into the spawn points'.  It is difficult to actually lose any map included with the game, but many of the maps available from the public exchange are very difficult.  The long term playability comes from making your own ships in the editor and replaying maps to test your ship theory.  The fun comes from finding a way out of a stale-mate with the particles."
,Recommended,422900,26426241,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Trinfen,"This game is amazing and absolutely beautiful (+2) the gameplay, design, idea, and content is also amazing (+4) the story was mind blowing (+1) but it could use a bit more content such as: endless mode, maybe a few more modules, ability to, for a price, combine cannons/missle launchers to make bigger versions of them. If you don't know what i am talking about, look at the bubble tank one. Another thing could be the ability to enable or disable the ability to view live stats of your ships, more amp gem upgrades, coop with gamemodes like escort the HQ, survive for x amount of time against any and all things in the game, and a workshop. Other then that the game is perfect. PS: achievements would be cool too"
,Recommended,422900,26437251,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chozabu,"Fantastic!My main complaint is this game is easy to spend hours on.The main story feels a little short, but there are extra levels and a level editor + sharer.I've now made a few of the ~250 at time of writing user levels, and had lots of fun doing that too :)"
,Recommended,422900,26630908,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Identitools,"Creeper World 3 was awesome, they managed to make a new game at least this good if not better. Knukle Cracker, i love you."
,Recommended,422900,25789967,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[LdD] Coz,"I've got to admit, I've probably been spending so much time in Creeper World 3 that I *TOTALLY* didn't realise PF:E was being released so soon. Time definately flies by when you're having fun and Knuckle Cracker proves this yet again with another awesome release on Steam!This has the same wonderful ""feel"" to it as the previous Creeper World games from the same developer; a single-player campaign with good pacing, sweet music, ""easy to learn, harder to master"" gameplay, (potentially) containing enough content to last you the rest of your life. I'll say what others have already stated: Go buy the Creeper World series as well! Much fun to be had!Anyway, I'm going to have to cut this review short. I need to ""get back in""... plus I still need to try creating a ship called the ""Hammer of Doom"" which I've been visualizing in my head for over a day now."
76561198043805152,Recommended,422900,25790103,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Supergrunt56,"End of day 1 of release and ""100% of the 81 user reviews for this game are positive"" if only all games could be like this :DAwesome game. You guide your fleet of ships from sector to sector as your fledgling corperation explores ""redacted space"", an unexplored area of the galaxy where a mysterious threat is emerging.Spewing out of emmiters comes a wave of enemies you have defeat by building, positioning and manoeuvreing your fleet. As the particulate enemies become smarter and begin to arrange themselves in ever more complex shapes, your tactics will have to evolve to keep up with them.While the graphics may not be the best, the gameplay, mechanics and features are excellent. Conveyed with only a few small textscreens, the story is surprisingly engaging, to a point where I found myself racing through missions just so I could view the story at the end.10/10 would betray GalCorp again."
76561198007579105,Recommended,422900,25790343,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,bcase1o1,"Overall, i liked the game alot. It had the creeper world feel that i love, but i was left rather... Unfullfilled. I see alot of potential here, and if he intends to expand upon this world (which the story seems to indicate) i will certainly buy the next games. The campaign is just so short compared to CW3."
76561197970768655,Recommended,422900,25800590,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Koder,"I've been following this game ever since it was announced. I can't say enough good things about it. If you like defense games with a little bit of RTS, this title will NOT disappoint. I love the developers attention to detail put in this game, and the Creeper World series that comes before it.This is the only game that has managed to pull me away from Factorio for a break. I would have easily paid more for it, it's great at the price point."
76561198006621260,Recommended,422900,25788478,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tarmandan,"Simple concept, upon which can, has been and will be built increasingly complex mechanics.Depending on the mission you have limited amounts of ships, energy sources and land units. Your enemy has emitters which spew out particles that move around the map and damage your stuff. You move your ships close, have enough firepower to kill newly spawned particles and bring special units in range to kill the emitters. Simple, right? Now add to that virtually infinite possibilities thanks to the built-in map editor and scripting language as well as the option to share your maps with other players.At the same time you can do any mission with a custom fleet instead of the intended one.The story, while not bad, is not exeptional. The story missions are well crafted to slowly introduce new elements to the player while not forcefully slowing down veterans.Besides the story there is a random map generator as well as maps hand crafted by other players (currently, 24 hours after launch, already several dozen. Additionally you can play around with the ship editor and design your own awesome ships.If you have played the previous Creeper World games, then this game offers far more dynamic gameplay while at the same time allowing for far more customization.If you like strategy games in general, you should try it out, if feels different to other strategy games and might just satisfy an urge you did not even realize you had.If you don't really like strategy games you should still try it out for the same reason: it is different to almost all other strategy games.If you absolutly dislike strategy games, why are you even here? That strategy tag should tell you everything you need to know.A really nice meal or a game that potentially can keep you busy for hours upon hours, you choose.tl;dr: If you do not hate strategy games then try this one, it is basically it's own subgenre."
76561198257508372,Recommended,422900,25834121,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BootyGrabber,"Its difficult to describe this game because it doesnt really fit into a neat shoebox. You need to manage resources in order to defeat an attacking force of nature (no spoilers here). Obviously if you have played Creeper World (and there are 3 episodes of that) the mechanics will be familiar. By far the best feature of the game is the free demo offered on the website of the publisher. If you are unsure about the price, check out the demo, it will let you get a real good feel for the game, as a bonus, when you do purchase the full version on Steam, you keep the progress made in the demo. No freeware and malware BS either, just an honest to goodness demo.Gameplay is addicting, challenging, and the ship design is deeper than expected while still being relatively easy to pickup. Wish there was an explination of what each ship module actually does as well as stats for how effective they are at what they do (damage per second, reload time, energy useage etc)One of the few indie game developers that isnt putting out pure♥♥♥♥♥♥or calling pure♥♥♥♥♥♥an early release to get your money, then languish for an eternity in beta-hell. Download the demo, then buy the game if you like it."
76561198002505617,Recommended,422900,25823026,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Andrew,Impressive game from NKnuckle Cracker game. It fun but sad that limit to unit.
76561198080732257,Recommended,422900,25819754,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,luiz_gita,"Sum of the game: Push the red dots back until a beam ship can get in range to wreck the portal.10 out of 10, would spend another 20 hours watching dots get pushed back.________________________________________________________This is creeper world 4, the most laidback tower defense game in the world.It could be hardcore too, if you're into those time-attack sort of thing.PROS:1. Laid back2. Design your own ships3. Infinite replay value from player-made mapsCONS:1. It does get old after a while2. Ship design is limited by practicality. Map does not give enough energy for huge builds. You could spend time making a gigantic ship with 30 cannons, but then none of your ships will ever get to fire properly because energy is fixed.3. Story mode is slightly short (10 hours?), and its script is a near carbon copy of CW3"
,Recommended,422900,25820360,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Aiviru,"As a fan of the Creeper World series, and someone who followed the dev blog for this game, I'm not ashamed to say this game has been a very rare day one buy for me. It's got a lot of the same sensitiblities present in the Creeper World games, but it brings enough new ideas and mechanics to be different, resulting in something recognizeable, but fresh.The story mode seemed relatively short to me, but like previous Knuckle Cracker games, a big draw is the ability to have endless randomized maps and easily accessible community maps. Each map can also use custom ships which can lead to some very nice surprises sometimes.If you like Creeper World 3, you'll probably enjoy Particle Fleet. If you don't, probably not. Personally I'm sure I'll sink a lot of hours into this."
76561198064308674,Recommended,422900,25784773,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,zoura3025,Amazing. Another great KC game. 10/10
,Recommended,422900,25785082,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Logos,"Bought the game, played a couple missions to get a taste of it, then went to work, night shift.Got back in the morning and, without eating, turned the game on and played straight through the entire campaign without a break. Around seven solid hours, on the highest speed setting. Totally worth it.Now I need to go get something to eat since I'm starving...10/10 Would go hungry again."
76561198013508363,Recommended,422900,25785466,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Vesric,Another great game with from knuckle cracker.
,Recommended,422900,25774948,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,TigerShawk,"Love this game.  Its part RTS and part tower offense (not defense).  I've always liked RTS games, but they always require a kind of aggressive concentration to be good.  This, and the developer's previous title, Creeper World, allow you to kind of push here and there in a relaxing but challenging way push your way to victory"
,Recommended,422900,25775480,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,COBALT,Game is tons of fun to watch as your choices play out.
76561198140711971,Recommended,422900,25775602,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PTiberiusM,Absolutely fantastic! I have been following its development blog since it began! An excellent addition to the series and is made all the better if you have played and beaten Creeper World 3: Arc Eternal.
,Recommended,422900,25775765,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Red,"If you played creeper world, then you know what this is going to be about.If you didn't... well you are going to have fun anyway!You have to be constantly aware of the battlefield, because it changes every second!This game can be very time consuming, but that is up to you, fast or slow.Overall, this is a very nice & cool game.The story needs some more ""fleshing out"" but i rarely read the dialog anyways."
76561198049961486,Recommended,422900,25775893,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lambchop,If you liked creeper world 3 you will love this game. Another great game from KnuckleCracker!
,Recommended,422900,25802357,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Khorrosion,Soundtrack. 'Nuff Said.
76561198202360183,Recommended,422900,25802962,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Eudaimonia,"Just as every game from virgil, it's great. This particular game has a tad short storyline, but as history has shown the gameplay lies in the great community spewing out tons of creative maps and mods. The mods themselves are built into the map, no work required. I personally enjoyed playing as the creeper in the 3. installment of the series, and while that might not be as wiable for this game it opens up for many more options with creative ships and parts.This game is great, and it will only get better with updates both from the creator and the fans. It's an investment! Would have no problem paying double of asking price."
,Recommended,422900,25821920,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ϟHavocϟ,"Absolutely fantastic game with a wide variety of tactics, weapons and vessels. The story blew my mind and the enemy was always a challenge from start to finish :D"
,Recommended,422900,27552989,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cris5311,"Just a good game.. would compare it to my favorite novel enders game. Gave it the ""i toght it was cool before it got an award"" nomination. so should you."
76561198023681981,Recommended,422900,33408865,Posted: 9 July,all,stayprest,"Particle Fleet: Emergence is the turtling game to end all turtling games which suited me down to the ground. Game balance on the campaign is good as are most of the extra scenarios although it gets a bit hit and miss with the community made scenarios some of which seem downright impossible whilst others are too trivial. The graphics are good, especially if you zoom right in on the ships but in practice it's more helpful to stay zoomed well out as this game is definitely more about grand strategy than micro-management.Set in space the game sees you obtaining licences to operate starships and land bound bases called omnis. Once you emerge into redacted space you will quickly be confronted with particles that will destroy your ships if allowed to build up too much. most scenarios involve destroying all enemy structures to win. In essence it's really a puzzle game set in space.Pros:Nice Graphics and soundEasy to save and return later for short sessionsGood value with over 30 hours of content with the provided scenarios and a random generator if you want to keep plauingLots of user generated contentCons:User generated content is a bit patchyI felt that more could have been made of the HQ ship, it is so fragile, so important and so useless that there is not much option but to leave it well behind your front lines which is kind of sad reallyAll in all I recommend this game if you like puzzle or strategy games especially if you like them set in space."
76561198008463630,Recommended,422900,30349055,Posted: 5 March,all,Torendactyl,Fantastic twist on traditional RTS games.
76561198022030101,Recommended,422900,30152228,Posted: 24 February,all,Mr. Licious,"I've never written a Steam review before, not in six years of gaming and thousands of hours on Steam. This game compelled me to do it. I've followed this developer since they made flash games, and for years I wanted to find a way to support them. I'm so happy to see their games make it to Steam and happier still that innovation and iteration are well balanced in new titles. But enough pre-ramle.This game has tight mechanics, compelling difficulty progression, and constantly presents new challenges and tools to overcome them. While giving you a myriad number of paths to victory, and clearly laying out how each asset functions, it doesn't necessarily hold your hand. Rather than direct tutorials, the members of the game's cast of characters report to each other as things happen and allow you to fill in the gaps and discover ways to utilize incoming mechanics.It's just a great game to experience, a fun brain challenge, and a concise experience with some replayability to boot!"
76561197967467815,Recommended,422900,27511257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ezinemoth,"This is an infinitely variable puzzle with untold pieces, configurations, ships, strategies, and a huge player supported map creation community...if you get bored it's your own damn fault.Knuckle Cracker has such a good reputation with me that I have pre-ordered the last 2 games and have not been burned.  I have over 700 hours of game time logged for this game and I have loved every minute of it.  Unless I was paused and in the bathroom.  Then it was merely refreshing time."
76561198045263244,Recommended,422900,31475571,Posted: 30 April,all,Nivison,"I've yet to be disappointed by Knuckle Crackers Game's, always have been solid with very few bugs. if your into strategy RTS give this a go. solid 9/10"
76561198001867707,Recommended,422900,31479923,Posted: 30 April,all,Ashenraynor,"Addictive, perhaps not perfect due to minor UI/control issues, but excellent nonetheless.  7 hours in a weekend for me.  I'd advise you to take a look at a let's play if you're on the fence.  It's worth $15 if you like similar games.  Worth $15 if you think you would like this type of game."
,Recommended,422900,31642767,Posted: 9 May,all,BadgerWaffles,Decent enough game. It's fun. Not as good as the creeper games imo. I haven't beaten it yet but the plot reminds me WAY too much of those games almost a copy paste really. Still a decent fun game and recommend if on sale for sure.
76561198144480166,Recommended,422900,31689572,Posted: 11 May,all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,Better than creeper world AIThen again in creeper world you are fighting sludge....
76561197961098939,Recommended,422900,31681212,Posted: 11 May,all,Edward Howton,"An unenthusiastic yes. I bought this game because I spent a significant amount of time with Creeper World 3 and enjoyed the gameplay and story. It took me a while before I decided to, however; the game didn't look that great. The gameplay is similar to CW3, but with obvious significant differences, and that gave me pause.Ultimately I tried it, and enjoyed the game, and then... it was done. There's very little game to this game. I blew through the 'campaign' very quickly, and the other whatever you want to call it that looks like a campaign but isn't, but while I'm still working through the hundreds of additional levels in CW3 I've completed this one in a day or two.Sure, you can design your own block-by-block ships, but the campaign does a good job of giving you the ships you need when you get them, so unless you design similar ships, good luck to you.And that's the sad thing: there's no easy way to use your own ships in a game to test them out. Randomly generate a level and it gives you a selection menu to pick from the real ships only. Launch the game, and then you can set the game mode to sandbox and pick your own ships.... but only after clearing the default loadout and manually adding your ships one by one, and don't click the wrong place or you'll be dragging ships back in order constantly afterwards.The game favors making your own ships and maps, and you -can- download maps to play made by other players, but I've had more crashes than completed games that way, and it's not like CW3 where exiting gives you an auto-save. Prepare to lose progress.Ultimately I'm disappointed. I liked going through the premade material, but that's where the game dies for me, and it's not really worth the price I paid."
76561198043850855,Recommended,422900,31831533,Posted: 18 May,all,Quick Step,"Freaking great strategy game.Nice balance of simplicity and strategy, very suited for a casual gamer like me.LOVE IT!!"
76561197971111112,Recommended,422900,32026072,Posted: 28 May,all,Slipvyne,"It's a good game, but not as good as the other creeper entries.  Would buy again because I like the game so much but would suggest the third game if you're not familiar."
,Recommended,422900,31978577,Posted: 26 May,all,Apple,"This is one of those neutral reviews. It didn't captivate me as much as the creeper series did, though that's no fault of the developer. I love their work and I encourage you to try it out."
76561198000802991,Recommended,422900,27493889,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,heptagon,"I had all three previous games and I was waiting this amazing game for 6 months. I haven't wanted any other game so much. Bought it without any discounts. Thanks, Knuckle Cracker! (sorry, wrote the same review for the previous game, mixed them up. But that game is also awesome, still play it too.)"
76561198023495574,Recommended,422900,29948058,Posted: 15 February,all,zavadaias,"This review represents my opinion alone... so....1) Game Style and Mechanics: Unique and fun (for me anyways), open mind is needed - 4.5/52) UI: Minimal, to be good in this game you WILL HAVE to read, understand and experience the keys and control options - 4.5/53) Story: The bad point in my opinion, there was no need to relate the story line with ""Creeper World 3"" (another game by ""Knuckle Cracker"") - 3/54) Music: Great, I really feel that the music fits the atmosphere the game present, even if repetitive - 4.5/55) Play Time: Poor, the game progress too fast and you can finish the game in one sitting, but just like ""Creeper World 3"",ALOT more hours can be spent on custom maps, SHIPS and scenarios made by the community - a lot of high quality creations are already shared - 3/5Overall - 4/5The ""Bad Guys"" are very simple, but the challenge comes from managing limited resources against sometimes overwhelming numbers of this ""simple"" enemy.Quality against Quantity - in a new, interesting wayP.SThe game is easier with the pause option, a good challenge is to limit yourself to only normal speed or slower speed at most."
,Recommended,422900,30010255,Posted: 18 February,all,Fourmyle,"Another winner for Kunckle Cracker games.  It is not very long.  I finished the game in about 20 hours, but the value is there.  It is a very relaxing game to start that rachets up the frenzy by mid-game and winds down nicely toward the end of a board.  If you are looking for something that you can jump into for an hour or so at a time, I highly recommend this game.I can't wait for Kunckle Cracker's next one.  As a matter of fact, I'm going to go sign up for their newsletter on their web site right now!"
76561198271361391,Recommended,422900,31038687,Posted: 9 April,all,Nogger-Black,very good but can get boring after a while otherwise a 7/10 and the price is perfect not too high not too low in my opinion
,Recommended,422900,30107000,Posted: 22 February,all,キーパー,game ist good but it has not the high replay value of Creeper World 3.
76561197975824386,Recommended,422900,32157709,Posted: 3 June,all,tomalpha,"An interesting use of the Creeper World engine to make a space-based RTS. Very enjoyable, and an easy recommendation if you liked the Creeper games, though not quite as good as the earlier incarnations imho."
76561198263057751,Recommended,422900,32353632,Posted: 11 June,all,firewing352,Fun game play lots of custom levels and i love how you can right your own code in the game so the game works in diffent ways ITS SO COOL but if you dont have a good pc use descrete mode helps alot on lag
76561197974034771,Recommended,422900,34656149,Posted: 1 September,all,schattenklinge,did not regret to buy it. good fun for a little bit of time.playing trough the missions and evolve the story kept me going for longer than i thought it would.
76561198178448077,Recommended,422900,34977996,Posted: 15 September,all,alibabba3000,Definitely worth $15 but it isn't nearly as fun as the Creeper World. Maybe for the next game you could make a creeper world game but incorporate ship design like in this game and make buildable ships (like the Thor in CW3). Good game but replay value is much lower than creeper world games.
,Recommended,422900,35047817,Posted: 18 September,all,Majistic,Better story than Mass Effect 3.
,Recommended,422900,35214608,Posted: 25 September,all,BLOODPICKLE,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
76561198381990591,Recommended,422900,35205740,Posted: 25 September,all,Ardenian,"At first I disliked it a lot, since it plays itself quite differently than the CW series, which one might have to expect, I don't know what exactly I expected from this game, majorly bought it because I love the CW series.After some time, I got used to the different mechanics and now I am in love with it! After CW it is quite a refreshing new concept with some decent, innovative ideas. I myself especially like the Ship Builder, where you can design your own units and use them, not being bound to what the game gives you to use."
76561198409456664,Recommended,422900,35266411,Posted: 28 September,all,qcs2017,"Excellent, no real glitches, using Linux this is a very solid game. Active community creating lots of fun maps to play once the story maps are done with. Quite a few times the cheapest way to win is surrendering a ship or two, which is against my feelings, but well, that's *their* life, not mine :-) A map takes between 30 and 60 minutes, so this is still casual. You can save and load as well."
76561198089617432,Recommended,422900,35315387,Posted: 29 September,all,wut,Brace yourself to drop brown bricks of pure steaming strategy.
76561198048696400,Recommended,422900,35340403,Posted: 30 September,all,theZou,fun to play
