user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,423230,32226889,Posted: 6 June,all,Bronydell,"I hear thunder, pitter patter.Pros:* Well designed characters* PERFECT MUSIC(I'm listening it for 3 month and it hasn't bored me!)* Lots of smart gameplay features. Every boss is unique* It's really good game for testing your reaction and skill* There is 3 endings! YaY!* Landscapes betwen levels are really frustratingCons:* Unskippable walking scenes betwen levels. Yes, they're nice and explaing what you've done by lore(or who you are), but still...* Might be unplayable for some people even on the easiest difficultyWorth it, especially on sale"
76561198001966937,Recommended,423230,28108832,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Speedycat,"It began when I read the top review.""Makes Dark Souls look easy"".A friend of mine had the game: I decided to give it a try.I made my escape.The guard promised me he'd put me right back in my cell.He did exactly that. Again. And again. And again. I'd block and he'd just smash me into the ground with his next attack. I'd swing, he'd dodge and put me into the dirt. And I thought, ""I'll never be good enough to do this"".Then it happened.I parried one of his attacks. I countered and put him on his knees for the first time. And something inside me blossomed.""I can win"".And, after a few more tries, I did.I went through the game, losing again and again and again, but progressing further each attempt.Eventually, I completed my journey. I went back and challenged my jailor once more. He was so sluggish, his attacks full of openings I couldn't see before. I defeated him with extreme amusement, laughing as he was unable to touch me. My journey had changed me. I was not the player I was when I first made my escape.I so rarely write reviews, but no game I have ever played has deserved it more. From the art direction to the story to the gameplay, this is a masterpiece. Get it. Play it. Don't ever give up. On a scale of 1-10, this game is an 11, and it should give itself a 12 ;)"
,Recommended,423230,24123755,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zerus,"BE WARNED: Anyone using a Razer Kraken headset may experience crashes on startup. This is due to the Razer Synapse software being iffy with certain games and software, this game being one of the things it doesn't like. Hopefully the Dev's can find a fix or razer can make their software behave itself.Just thought I'd make this information viewable on the store page for this game."
76561198059544195,Recommended,423230,24569618,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Afromenace,"On a scale of 1 to 10, Furi is an 11. And I'd give it a 12."
76561198078791771,Recommended,423230,24110177,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,WayneDude,"The Boss Rush mentality of No More Heroes. Bullet Hell insanity of Danmaku Shmups. The adaptive challenge of God Hand. The action precision of Ninja Gaiden & Bayonetta. The eccentric art design of Afro Samurai's illustrator, and an amazing synthwave soundtrack.If that doesn't sell you on this game, i don't know what will."
76561198040677835,Recommended,423230,31702768,Posted: 12 May,all,MallardMan,"Oh wow, this game. I've been playing video games for pretty much my entire life now, and I've played some good and bad ones, but never in my life has a game just felt so right to me. Every aspect of the game just feels perfect, from the controls, to the characters, to the story, the visuals; everything just falls into place to make this one of the greatest games I have ever played. Now I know everyone isn't going to have everything click so well for them, but if you like fast paced, responsive bullet hells or hack and slashes, you're doing yourself a serious diservice by not playing this"
,Recommended,423230,32203891,Posted: 5 June,all,Discount Gumshoe,"The sleeper masterpiece of 2016, a game that came out at an unfortunate time when there was simply way too many good games that people almost missed it.There is so very little wrong with this game that its one of those few games thats so close to being perfect in how it plays and sounds and looks.I only got around to playing this game this year and I am furious it took me so long, Furi is an underrated masterpiece of video games and its truly quite tragic that this game won pretty much no awards from anybody."
,Recommended,423230,26534078,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,NathanX42,"Furi isn't an easy type of game (unless you're playing on promenade difficulty), but it is one that is fair, fun, and most of all: challenging.If you're the type of gamer that enjoys playing a tough game, where mastering and playing it rewards you, then Furi is absolutely perfect.I'd pay it homage to videogames that would kick your teeth in until you got better at it, or quit.This is for those that don't give up."
76561198061578941,Recommended,423230,31549249,Posted: 4 May,all,Chibi,"If this game was a person, I would buy that person a beer. Then that person would probably start shooting lasers and punching me in the teeth, but it would be okay."
,Recommended,423230,29391763,Posted: 20 January,all,Slippy Toad,"On a scale of 1 to 10, it's an 11, and I'd give it a 12."
,Recommended,423230,32796029,Posted: 25 June,all,BillOhReally,"In Furi, you play the role of a mysterious katana wielding prisoner named the Stranger who breaks out of his cell and ventures forth to fight his jailers, one by one.Furi is a boss-rush character action game with a tough but fair difficulty curve, a visually intriguing world and a compelling story.ProsTough but fair gameplay.Bosses are a blast to fight against and vary greatly in their design.Environments and characters are visually unique and interesting to look at.Story is intriguing and keeps you interested from fight to fight.Soundtrack is a great mix of tracks from different artists with a cohesive sound.VO is fully done in English, French and Japanese. I listened to the English VO and it was quite good.ConsSome relatively important info isn't given the player (for example, pressing A in between boss fights will make the Stranger walk along the path to the next fight automatically, also, LB acts an alternative dodge button that is more optimal than the default A that is shown in the tutorial)."
,Recommended,423230,27014413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VIGIL,"Furi is one of the purest executions of satisfying, challenging game mechanics I've ever experienced.As I play more and more games increasingly I find myself trying to get at the heart of why I like gaming in the first place. A great story is entertaining and good art direction can really immerse me in a world, but I play games for the mechanics.For years I've wondered if there were a certain combination of properties that would make an ideal game for me. Difficult, but fair. Enough novelty, but not bloated. Rewarding a good mixture of both strategy and physical skill. Exactly what each category means is something that I probably couldn't articulate without writing a huge amount, but I will say that Furi may be the closest I've ever experienced to that ideal.I've nominated Furi for the Steam Award ""You Could Bounce a Quarter Off These Thumbs"" for a reason.It's not an easy game. You, much like The Stranger, will grow into the fights as you master this game. You'll become one with your controller, and you'll become a better gamer for it. The challenge is so worth it, and while I can't play this game all the time because of how exhausting it makes me feel, the times that I do play it feel like the culmination of what my gaming life has led up to.I absolutely adore the art direction, and synthwave is my favorite genre of music. Carpenter Brut is probably my favorite current musician. But honestly, that's all incidental -the game plays extremely well and you deserve to experience what it has to offer."
,Recommended,423230,29085835,Posted: 7 January,all,gigi,"*finish first boss*""that had to of been the hardest boss in the game""*finish second boss*""that had to of been the hardest boss in the game""*finish third boss*""that had to of been the hardest boss in the game""you get the idea"
,Recommended,423230,24136252,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tom,"The ""DARK SOULS IS HARD"" crew are going to LOVE this"
76561198051011374,Recommended,423230,26349222,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Poison,Makes Dark Souls look easy.
,Recommended,423230,24306492,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sable,"As someone who faps to Touhou girls while listening to Rules Of Nature, this game speaks to me on a spiritual level."
,Recommended,423230,24443844,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,CHIEVE JOBS 汽 波 煙 食,"This, more than any game in quite some time, is one that has made me really want to become good at it. No upgrades, no power ups, just you and your mastery of the game. Essentially the game is a boss rush game with some walking between battles. At first the insanely slow walking speed during the sections between bosses annoyed me but after a while I actually came to appreciate these moments a whole lot. The bosses are some of the coolest, most crazy and balanced boss fights I've seen in years. They really make you feel like a video game god when you're perfectly dodging crazy lazer light shows of projectiles or when you pull of a perfect parry. The biggest surprise of 2016 by far and now personally one of my favorite games.The music and visuals alone are worth the money, it doesn't hurt that the game attached to them is so amazingly fun and challening.I've since I wrote the first part of this review beaten the game, beaten the speedrun times and am well on my way through furier difficulty and can safely say that this is not only my game of 2016 but easily top 3 of games ever played. The combat is absolutely exquisite, the boss design is varied and jaw-droppingly cool and the overall feeling this game gives me when I play it makes me certain that I will return to this game again and again.Truly a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,423230,24245164,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Curtis Hazama,"This is the aesthetic of Hyper Light Drifter with the character action of Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance with the difficulty of Dark Souls with the boss only style of Shadow Of The Colossus with a shmup style that's akin to Ikaruga. It's great.The Jailers are the key. Kill them, and you'll be free. And thus, our story begins.So this game is hard. Like...HARD. The ""Get gud"" strategy has never been more relevant to this game. This game is a boss-only game where you are The Stranger, an albino chocolate samurai cool guy with hair that defies all physics. You, along with your compadre, Mr. Bun Bun try to escape from SPACE PRISON by killing all the Guardians/Jailers who impede your progress. Throughout your path, you will encounter:MEGBYTE FROM REBOOTMERCY FROM OVERWATCHJETSTREAM SAM FROM METAL GEAR RISINGWARHAMMER 40K MANLAZ0R LADYZILEANTHAT SCUBA DIVING MONSTER FROM THAT ONE EPISODE OF SCOOBY DOOCALL OF DUTY SNIPERAND 1/2 OF THE ICE CLIMBERSBetween all boss fights, you will encounter the hardest segment of all. WALKING CINEMATICALLY FROM ONE AREA TO THE NEXT. Through this segment, the exposition of the story unfolds, as Funny Bunny minimally explains the main story, and each of the bosses story, which is just enough for this kind of story. Overall, this game was a blast to play and I enjoyed every minute I spent raging as I died. A lot."
,Recommended,423230,28147885,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Akka,"Best action game of 2016This combo of Y's and Metal Gear Rising pits you against a hoarde of unique, intricate bosses. Combat has you alternating between dodging curtains of danmaku bullets and testing your twitch reflexes/prediction in countering melee strikes. Each fight demands the utmost precision and your full attention. The music rages as your fights blister to a feverish pitch. Proper execution even lets the player regenerate their hp, so getting slapped early on isn't a death setence for the finale in which they pull out all the stops.As intense and satisfying as each fight is, you're given a pleasant respite between each of them. Taking a few hints from Samurai Jack, you're treated to a slow meander as you approach your next target. Ravio from Zelda accompanies you, putting the game into perspective via foreshadowing cryptic tidbits of the story and strengthening your resolve.Furi will test your skill and patience, but it ultimately delivered the most satisfying combat I've experienced in a game this year. If you enjoy the satisfaction of beating a challenging game then look no further than this."
,Recommended,423230,24132863,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DeliciousButthurt,Madness. An hour in and I'm blown away.10/10Insane combat system. Insane immersion. Insane game. Delivers like a coked up mailman.
76561198059243394,Recommended,423230,24122524,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AgreeableMachete,"Imagine a harder, faster Hyper Light Drifter boss-rush.If you have played HLD buy that too"
,Recommended,423230,30157439,Posted: 24 February,all,Zarek M.,"If you played and enjoyed Hotline Miami, Darksouls, or another punishing game with amazing music this is a must try."
,Recommended,423230,24636810,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SBC Ryu,Never enjoyed boss fights.Now I'll watch porn at work just to get another boss fight.
,Recommended,423230,24223386,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mintfoxx™,"Furi is a stylized bullet hell mixed with reflex combat featuring music from very VERY talented artists who make the battles come to life. By battles, I mean there are bosses; only bosses. Each one being unique from all the rest in fighting style, mechanics and characteristics.Pros:---------------------------+Responsive controls: Everything is fluid and a mistake you make is all on your part. There's a slight delay to the dash but that is intentional and part of the learning curve+Beautiful environments and character designs from the creative mind and style of Afro Samurai's creator+Insane music: Each boss fight has their own dynamic track that will keep you jammin as you frutratingly grip your controler trying to learn the patterns of your enemies. The transitions between bosses have their own tunes too that fit the theme of their ""world""+Fast and fun gameplay: A nice introduction to bullet hells for people who don't know much about them, Furi is just down right fun, nothing much more to say.+Difficulty: The learning curve is not too large as the first boss fight half of it is used as a tutorial your first time around. Each boss has their own fighting style and patterns to learn, but after a few attempts or deaths, every boss should be a solid fight that isn't impossible. I do NOT recommend playing on the easy difficulty as I feel the game is meant to be a challenge as seeing the length is not the highest. The fights are a fight to the death for your freedom.Cons:I personally enjoy just about every aspect of this game but there are some things that others might not based on preference. To me these aren't cons.----------------------------Game length: I beat the game within 4-5 hours, which I felt is probably too long for a regular playthrough. The game is short and sweet with speedrun modes, but for what the game is I feel like the length is justifiable, but not all people like super short games.-Narrative: The storytelling is vague and told mostly through the voice of a companion who accompanies you between the transition walks to each fight in the form of expostion. Other than that there is no major lore to find and read. So people looking for a deep story with many characters will be disappointed.-Controller almost required: Some people just don't like controllers. But this game is much much easier being played with one. Only possible negative from the controller is aiming the energy pistol.-Difficulty: Once again some people just don't like hard games or getting frustrated at a game. If so, this isn't for you.-Price: I feel the game is fine at its current price but others might not think so based on the length. Personal preference.Graphics: 8.5/10Sound: 10/10Gameplay: 9.5/10Replayability: 8/10Overall: 9/10 Highly recommend.Edit for the badge~ wee"
,Recommended,423230,30661636,Posted: 21 March,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Furi is a slick, stylish boss rush game in a cyberpunk / sci fi theme. You play a nameless cyber-samurai locked up in a floating island prisoner, and are released by a mysterious man in a rabbit outfit who proclaims ""The Jailer is the key. Kill him, and you'll be free."" The music is pulse pounding and shifts beats and rhythms as fights go through each phase, and the visuals are slick, bright, and stylized, giving th game a unique feel.The heart of the game is the boss-rush combat, which switches between two phases. The first phase is a panned out top down view where you have access to a pistol and charge shot, an invulnerable dash, and a sword combo that can also be charged. Boss attacks range between parryable melee combos and large sweeping shots and beams tat can be blocked, dodghed, and parried. There is no jumping, so all active dodging must be done with carefully timed dashes. fortunately your character is swift and extremely responsive, making gameplay fluid and satisfying. As lifebars drain, bosses switch into a close combat mode where the game zoomes in, and your pistol is replaced by a ""Focus"" to supercharge your sword blade. Boss attacks here go between massive sweeps and smashes to dodge and parry. As bosses (and you) lose full lifebars, both combatants have life restored to max, an ""HP Stock/ Life"" is removed, and the fight enters new phases. Beat a phase without losing a full lifebar and you get one back. This lets fights be punishing - you always get full HP after a phase, and can earn more through the fight.And punishing they are. The game is difficult from the very outset, and every boss has its own unique patterns and tells and combos to look for and memorize. The game keeps several visual themes and cues identical between bosses, such as parry audio cues and attack visuals for differing attack types, allowing players to use their skills and reactions to carry them until they've learned how a boss more precisely works. There's an even more difficult mode to unlock after beating the game for the true challenger (or masochists.) that gives bosses new attack patterns and rotations, more than just raw damage or HP.The game's story is told in between the boss segments, where the character walks through variosu environments in the floating prisons. You can press a button to auto-walk through these segments, and the auto-walk is paced to where you'll always hear all the dialog for a particular section at the right time. There's very little (save for a few bonus achievements) to be gained from manually walking, so I suggest letting the game do it, and listening to the dialogs and looking at the environments. The world is interesting and solves its story while leaving just a bit to the imagination, and the progression of the bosses feeds into this very well.I would strongly recommend the game to anyone who enjoys difficult, satisfying games where the focus is in execution and player skill. You don't get a sigle upgrade all game - it's all taught to you in the first boss, and then up to you to learn how to use each tool in your toolkit to overcome each boss' particular challenge. Gamepad STRONGLY recommended."
76561198040030741,Recommended,423230,29924748,Posted: 14 February,all,horheristo,"Do you like boss rush? do you like bullet hells? do you like cool sword animations?Good, then get this game.Boss after boss, learn the patterns -> Execute.What I didn't like is how easily you can cheese most bosses by interrupting their actions and fishing for successful strikes, this takes away a lot from the challenge, but regardless - it's still a fun game.On normal (Furi) difficulty you won't find yourself struggling too much, mostly just 1 restart for scouting, and then going for the kill, other times you'll first try some of the bosses, due to the forgiving nature of the health and KO system -recover back to full health + get one life (if lost any) every time you KO your enemy.""The way the game was meant to be played"" (Devs quote) is in fact Furier mode, where the enemies aren't as forgiving, being way more aggressive, with wider range of patterns and quick movements. So I wholeheartedly recommend a 2nd playthrough to get the real thrill of the game.I had an amazing time playing this game, nothing ever felt like a chore, other than the parts between bosses, but I suppose a small break inbetween the action wasn't so bad after all."
,Recommended,423230,28126017,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,raZe,"Intense arcade game that blends genres like top down action, twin stick shooter and bullet hell into one stylish package.Furiis built around the best parts of any game - the boss fights. There are no fillers here: no faceless henchmen, no long platform segments and cutscenes prolonging your way to the ten unique boss characters the player is meant to overcome.You'd think that such a game might be over in an hour or two, butFuriis freakishly hard in an oldschool kind of way. Each fight consists of multiple phases which get increasingly harder, demanding for the player to master every tool at his disposal. Most often, the key to success is learning your enemy's attack patterns. You will rarely nail them during the first encounter, so expect to die. Horribly. And most of all, repeatedly.My only gripe is that certain attack phases are significantly harder than others and often they are located at the end of a long six phase battle, meaning you will have to redo the entire battle several times until you have the pattern down, which can be a little discouraging. Apart from that,Furiis an absolute delight from start to finish.Straight up gucci, baybeh!"
76561197984641741,Recommended,423230,28828684,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vanish,"If you don't like challenging games this isn't for you.Furi is a mix between an action game and a bullet hell. There are no upgrades and no complicated combos, instead you get a handful of simple moves: a melee attack, a ranged attack, a dodge, and a parry. With this moveset you're expected to defeat 10 bosses that each play differently than the last. Every boss has multiple phases in which they get stronger and stronger, making every fight intense and grueling.  Winning in Furi is about staying determined and mastering the mechanics of each fight.Adding to the tight gameplay are the stylish boss designs and music.If you want a game that forces you to ""git gud"", this is it."
,Recommended,423230,24542674,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,loser,"Furi is masterpiece of a game, although it's not for everyone. It's extremely difficult at first, and all of its replay value is in improving yourself as a player (Furi can actually be very easy once you're used to the gameplay mechanics, so this means speedruns, no-damage duels, etc.). Also, because of its sharp difficulty curve, you may lose intrest in completing the game in the first place. That means not experiencing a majority of its wonderful art and music, as well as the story."
76561198155317151,Recommended,423230,33510068,Posted: 13 July,all,Gorila Azul,"Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of Super Mario, Zelda, Donkey Kong, etc., says the first thing about the design of a game should be the sense of accomplishment. That satisfaction when you overcome an obstacle and noticed you've become better for it.Furi absolutely nails that feeling in the first 10 minutes of gameplay. If you're making a game exclusively about boss fights with an unforgiving combat system, you have to make sure there are patterns in the enemies' movements, quirks and strategies they use, so that we as players can learn them, choose the best direction to take on them, so that we can feel we've defeated the enemy, not just with our character's powers and weapons, but also with our own skill. That's what The Game Bakers have done.And it's not just the satisfaction of winning a battle that's at play here. The feeling of progress, when you notice you're actively becoming better at the game, which is so present in games like Super Meat Boy and Dark Souls, is so very noticeable in this masterpiece of a game. Sometimes, when your three lives end at the very last phase of a boss, you will notice that progression within a single fight, because the frustration of losing when you're so close to victory is quickly dismantled by the fact you can now deal with their earlier phases with so much more ease, now that you've been through all they can do.None of the bosses you find here can be taken lightly when you first face them. They will all keep you on your toes, forcing you to master the controls and have quick reflexes. No boss here is made difficult simply by being damage sponges. You either pick up skill or you lose. It's that simple. They also did an amazing job with making each boss not only feel but also look unique, which is reflected by the environment you fight them in. Each fight is complemented so well by the scenario, the soundtrack (I can't even begin to talk about how great this soundtrack is), the personality and style of each opponent. It's an overall solid 10 in atmosphere.If you are into the challenging and hardcore genre of gaming, please pick up this game. Hey, even if you aren't so into that genre, it's still worth picking it up, simply as an experience. I'll be looking forward very anxiously to any other title these guys might release in the future."
,Recommended,423230,32331739,Posted: 10 June,all,Jackdw31,"IF YOU HAVEN'T YET PLAYED THE GAME, PLEASE DON'T HOVER OVER THE SPOILERS! YOU WILL ENJOY THE GAME SO MUCH MORE IF YOU PLAY IT BLIND!Gameplay: ★★★★☆The gameplay is SOOOO well done! The game uses the first bossfight to train you in the basics, and each boss following will have a sort of gimmick, in which it completely solidifies your ability to use certain skills, likeThe Edge, whom you cannot hope to beat without mastering the parry. I don't rate the the gameplay at 5 stars, only because the way it is structured detriments it. While its useful to have whole bossfights centred around one mechanic, and it helps you learn them, there were times when I was so frustrated by certain boss fights, who were just difficult for the sake of being difficult. Depends on who is playing, as some people like the frustration element of games like this. Personally, I was on the verge of putting it down for a while a few times, but I'm really glad I persevered.Controls: ★★★★★Perfectly responsive, and there are very clear visual signals which tell the player what is about to happen - key example being the white flash and 'pwang' sound effect before the player needs to parry. There are also a very wide variety of options in bossfights (unless they are centred around a singular mechanic), as you could play it safe from far away and go for charged shots while they are charging, or you could play very aggresively and block all of their moves before they can kill you.I should say that I used controller for the full game, so only take this part of the review seriousl if you too plan on playing with a Dualshock (using DS4Windows to make my computer think it was an Xbox gamepad) - I don't know how it runs with keyboard and mouse, but the game itself does recommend the gamepad.Music: ★★★★★The soundtrack to this game was a masterpiece, and I couldn't congratulate the developers more on it! I downloaded the entire thing to my phone and listen to it all the time. If you hate the game (you won't), you'll at least love the music and you can't deny that.Story: ★★★☆☆There's a distinct lack of world building in this game, and its sad. The little amount of lore there is really intrigued me, but so much of the story is left to the imagination. It needed more.Visuals: ★★★★☆The game is stunning visually, and has clearly made a theme and distinct art style for itself. Each attack has a different visual based on what it does, and they are consistent for the whole game. The consistency helps the player learn how to deal with the boss, and get a good idea of what to expect for the first time they face the boss. My only small gripe is that the animation of the protagonist's hair is very strange, as if it has a low framerate IRL? Like, the whole game is very fluid and has a high framerate, but the hair is for some reason slow moving, and it is just weird...Performance: ★★★★★As long as you don't have a potato plugged into a monitor for your computer, the game will perform just fine.The Bosses (Spoilers)BossComments1 - The ChainFunctions as a really good tutorial, and introduces the basics of combat well.2 - The StrapDidn't take me too long to get used to the attacks, but it was frustrating to learn some of the stuff I hadn't been taught, like reflecting the pink bullets, or dodging through moving lasers.3 - The LineSuch a cool fight, this really brought the aspect of carefully placing your shots into view, and I began to be very careful with my gun after this fight. The final fight part was very frustrating, as I kept getting killed by him when he froze time.4 - The ScaleI spent hours on this one - he was so hard to deal with once it got to the final stages. Carefully charging dodges became easy once I had played enough of it, but oh my GOD the last phase was brutal. This is also when parrying in the melee phase became very important, as the bosses started having long chains of parrys after this.5 - The HandAs soon as I realised his shield reflected everything, my jaw dropped. It was so much fun to work out his moves,and how to beat him. This is when the plot starts to really kick in, and you realise you might just be a bad guy.6 - The SongFirstly, the music for this fight was BREATHTAKING. Secondly, that secret ending was really cute and I hated that I would have to kill her. Thirdly, this is when you realise that the bunny guy is probably lying to you about a lot of things,and thats why it was hard for me to fight the bosses after this, because you are so morally conflicted! But in terms of the fight, she was a very fun boss, with really interesting attacks. The final phase was tricky, but had a really nice mechanic of her just sitting doing nothing, waiting for you to break through her final defenses. It was a heartbreaker of a fight!7 - THE BUNNY?!There was no 7th fight, but the bunny guy said he beat him himself within like 5 seconds?? I personally think that the bunny was the 7th boss, and he was the one who created the prison, but decided that he didn't want to sit and be a bodyguard forever. Just my theory...8 - The BurstAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Her later phases were a nightmare, but she was actually a really fun fight in retrospect. It also gave one of the games most memorable lines; ""On a scale of 1 to 10, she's an 11, and she'd give herself a 12.""9 - The EdgeImasteredblocking during this fight, because if you don't, he'll kill you instantly. Was very cool when the fight became on just the pier, and you could only move on one plane. I personally think this was the hardest fight in the game, even more so than The Burst.10 - The BeatThis fight was not a boss fight - this was purely a plot point. You are supposed to actually feel like you are a terrible person after this fight. And it worked. *sobbing*11 - The StarOh boy. This finally felt like me redeeming myself for actions, and saving the Earth. The hands were really tough to deal with, but the fight was actually really rewarding once I finished it. That god damn IMMA FIRING MA LAZOR near the end though was tough.I have also not yet done the DLC fights, but I plan on doing them and updating my review! Hope this helped!"
,Recommended,423230,33495654,Posted: 12 July,all,Chungy,"On a scale of 1 to 10, this game is an 11, and I'd give it a 12."
76561198165527707,Recommended,423230,30213012,Posted: 26 February,all,Sibel,"+Badass Boss fights+smooth Controlls+Godly Soundtrack+Fluid Combat- somewhat expensiveOverall: Fantastic GamePS: How hypocritical is it that this game gets an M rating for one f bomb, but PG-13 movies are allowed to have one or two (yes I know games and movies are rated by different systems, but be consistant)"
,Recommended,423230,33856429,Posted: 28 July,all,Fyrnox,"Challenging bosses with amazing, appropriate music selection, and beautiful scenery. Top it off with an edgy story line and the feeling you get after defeating each boss - you create something special. That's what Furi is to me.I'd give my firstborn for this game."
,Recommended,423230,31105570,Posted: 12 April,all,papaya,"It's challenging, difficult, but not in the Super Meat Boy ""spend 10 minutes aimlessly throwing yourself against this one wall of spikes until you get the frame perfect hop"" way. There's a lot of room for improvisation, and that's AWESOME. Beating a boss after getting your behind kicked in by it is incredibly satisfying.It takes elements from bullet hell games too, and does it really goddamn well. It's such a smooth transition between a reflex-based counter/attack system to a 'holy hell theres about a million bullets flying towards me' dodging system. If you like either of those genres, this is easily one of the best gameson steam.Plus, the soundtrack is pretty similar to Hotline Miamis, which should be convincing enough."
,Recommended,423230,28215620,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Dad Armstrong,"Plays like a shovelware superhero beatum up, except with tight as ♥♥♥♥ controls and all without the garbage inbetween battles and sidemissions, leaving only a stream of creative bossfights.Pros:-Great OST-Controls tighter than my gf's ♥♥♥♥♥-Solid cel shading-Decent replayability-Good voice over work-Creative boss designsCons:-Bit short, beat the game in about 6 hours-Most of the story is delivered in 3rd person walking sim esque sections that get tedious very fast-Occasional clipping-Bosses tend to repeat lines often-The ♥♥♥♥ing sniper boss"
76561198002082313,Recommended,423230,28729493,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jondaaaah,"Excellence is not an art, it's pure habit. We are what we repeatedly do."
76561198089068470,Recommended,423230,26121201,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Doogs,"10/10Furi is a true test of skill from start to finish. As someone who has recently been looking for games that provide more of a challenge, Furi certainly scratches that itch. Combat is fluent and 1/1; if you get hit it's on you, never the game. As you progress you refine your skills and before you know it you're a master. In addition, the visuals are absolutely beautiful, the bosses and landscapes are a sight to behold. The soundtrack is cherry on the cake; awesome! Seeing the composers was what first attracted me to the game in the first play and boy do they deliver on atmospheric music. Furi is a must!"
,Recommended,423230,32771706,Posted: 25 June,all,EdExecute,"This game is excellent.An extremely fast paced, twitch reaction fiesta with an incredible sense of style.Not to mention an absolutely unforgettable soundtrack that fits the gameplay so so right."
,Recommended,423230,29153629,Posted: 9 January,all,Crimson Dale,"Furi is an indie game created by a studio called The Game Bakers, and as a fan of indie games myself, I tried this game out myself after watching some trailers that captured my desired attention. It is a remarkable challenging game, and I will explain my thoughts about what this game offered that met my expectations very well.StoryThe qoute from the game description pretty much sums it up the whole game after playing it. You were captured, tortured, but now, it is your chance to escape by killing the Jailers. Despite the script sounding minimal, it is well-written and offers memorable qoutes that is appealing as it leaves it up to you to interpret the emotional appeals behind it. Every character you face builds part of the story as they reflect the protaganist's actions and past.GameplayHere's an interesting thing about this game. We all know how video games work, you fight through a bunch of enemies and then face the boss. But in Furi, the bosses are your enemies. The concept is a lot similar like Shadow of The Colossus, where you fight bosses only and you have to be smart to know their attack patterns against the tough bosses. At the beginning of every fight, the camera angle starts off in an overhead view as you are equiped with a gun that is a lot like Mega Man's blaster, and a neon energy-saber sword. The combat is fast-paced, filled with hack-and-slash combos, and bullet hell sequences that keeps every fight challengingly hard. It is really difficult as well, and it requires knowledge to recognize their attack patterns in order to vanquish your toughest foes.GraphicsThe entire game has several types of environments for every Jailer (boss) that fits along their character, personality, and setting. The parts where the game shines its true colors are the walking phases. After you defeat a boss, you will move on to the next one as you take a stroll across different worlds. The camera angles makes these walking phases enjoyable to watch, especially when it looks very cinematic. I would play this game again just to take several screenshots because the graphics are really pleasing to the eye and are perfectly fitting for desktop wallpapers.SoundThis is the main reason why this game has sold me for: the music. Furi offers amazing soundtracks from artists like Carpenter Brut, Waveshaper, Scattle and more. These artists compose songs of 80's outrun and synthwave, and it's a must-have for those who are a big fan of these genres like myself. Also, if you are familiar with the Hotline Miami franchise and its OST, Furi offers more songs for your library and playlist. The Game Bakers studio uses their music superbly great for the use of crossfading and blending the sounds in certain scenes to match the intensity of the fights and walking phases. It is a different experience to listen the music comparing to just listen it regularly from a music player.Replay ValueThe game only has 10 levels, and it takes at least 7 hours to beat it on the recommended difficulty (more than 7 for those who are having a hard time). I would have given the game a better score if it has a few more bosses to fight. However, every boss you defeated gives you this worthwhile satisfaction and every Jailer is really tough to beat. You can try to get a better rank in practice mode, and you will get rewarded with concept artwork depending the Jailer you faced against. After the game is beaten once, you unlock a harder difficulty to play again, if you are willing to take a challenge to the extreme. Plus, a speedrun mode with a worldwide scoreboard to keep yourself busy and challenge against everyone to see who can finish the game faster in one run.ConclusionDespite how short it is, it is a fantastic and enjoyable game for an indie one and it should gotten more attention to see how beautifully crafted it was made. A fair warning though, this game is not for everyone and it is only for those who love to look for a decent challenge. Trust me, even though the fights are really tough and can really wreck your day, beating one after another leaves a great satisfiying feeling of accomplishment for vanquishing your worst opponent, like it is your worst enemy ever. I give this game an 8/10 for the awesome soundtracks, the intense fights, the crafty dialogues, the immersive environments, and the additonal replayability."
,Recommended,423230,34669643,Posted: 1 September,all,Rexx,"Furi bleeds atmosphere of neon and electronic music, and it is so worth it it's ridiculous. The moment you touch this game you can see it's a mish mash of all sorts of great references and influences. From Afro Samurai to Metal Gear Rising to Hyperlight Drifter to Kojima to Killer is Dead, this provides a mysterious vague tale where the only goal is to defeat bosses in battles equally challenging and frustrating.I'd love to recommend this game with a detailed review of my experience, but other than knowing that the mechanics are arena-based battles with an isometric camera and some mixed in shooting, I loathe to say anymore. I actively avoided any playthroughs and video reviews to jump in blind, and I think the experience was all the more better for it.The OST is to die for, the mechanics make it worth the purchase. You can feel the soul of the creators in this game, and for that reason I'll always remember Furi."
,Recommended,423230,27904904,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,_skull,"You start off really powerful and with a lot of moves, but the interesting thing about that, is that there is no type of character progression, you get what you start with, the only way to beat the next boss, is to learn what to do and get better.This is a really great game, quite challenging but really rewarding. Awesome boss rush.Oh, you can also speedrun it."
76561197976580884,Recommended,423230,25472864,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Derp Ravener,"When I picked up this game, I was expecting a series of intense boss fights with awesome music strung together by an excuse plot.  I got the boss fights, but the storyline caught me off guard.The combat is a curious mix of bullet hell, hack-and-slash and even a bit of rhythm game, though more like Crypt of the Necrodancer than anything else, where the 'rhythm' is generally more giving you hints of upcoming attacks rather than strict pattern matching.  Controls are about as simple as they can be while still capturing the tone and depth of the game.  The bosses were all varied and well put together, and although I do find some better than others, there aren't any I actually didn't like.  What frustration I found was often more than made up for by the novelty and style of each.The plot starts off how I'd expect for a game like this, that is to say a simple premise.  You are a man who's been imprisoned in improbably circumstances.  Someone breaks you out of your cell, and then in order to fully break out of the jail, you need to kill each of your jailers.  It sort of ends up being a play on the amnesiac hero, because the character you play doesn't seem to fully understand why he's here, although as he's an expressive mute it's hard to tell.THe thing you quickly find though, is that everyone seems to know who you are, at least to an extent.  Never before have I wanted to know what a character was thinking than with the Stranger.  The story is clever told, while most of the backstory is told through exposition there's a lot that can be read between the lines, and it's paired with scenic walks through fantastical landscapes.  I can't say much about the story without spoiling things, but I will say the game does an amazing job of capturing conflict and desperation.Also the music is amazing, but what I have to say on that is pretty irrelevant, when you can get samples of it from the trailer.It's a bit of a short game, depending on how much one struggles with each of the bosses and how much one cares about seeking out extras or doing followup runs for a higher end-game grade or a faster time, but what it lacks in quantity it more than makes up for that in quality, and I would say that even if you just play through the game once the experience is well worth the money."
,Recommended,423230,24111487,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,REDWOLF,The music.. The Scenery. THE GAMEPLAY! SOOOOO MUCH DODGING! THIS GAME IS AMAAAZZINNGGG!! *throws controller from the rage*I love it! But right now I need to take a break before I actually break something.
76561197999235231,Recommended,423230,24184929,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,- Arby - MCRN Pride -,"Well.  I don't tend to write reviews, so take this one with full meaning in that I took the time to write this:I knew nothing of Furi until it popped up in my Steam queue and I watched the 2 videos. (Cinematic & Gameplay)  The videos had me intruiged and wow was I right to pick this up.  This game hit me hard and fast from the beginning and kept pounding on me with the ""get good or go home"" mentality and it is addictive.  I haven't felt the fulfillment of completetion I was getting from Furi since my 1st playthrough of the original Dark Souls, and I'll tell you what, this may be a slightly different kind of hard, but this is harder.  If you're looking for a challenge this provides.Visually the game is stunning, I love its art style, and the choreography was incredible, from the most wimpy of slashes, to the most brilliant of executes, you will be wowed over and over again.  Audibly, the sound effects are spot on and the soundtrack is incredible.  The song that plays for boss 3 & boss 8 are some of my favoite electronic songs ever now.Bosses are challenging, varied in style, and will force you to improve at each turn.  The boss design rivals the best in the video game industy in my opinion, and that includes the ""death mechanic"" simple, but effective, and while not forgiving, it gives you a chance.And crazy enough if all that doesnt convince you, the story is also pretty good, alot better than you may expect from a game like this.--------------------------TLDR:Art & choreography: 9/10Sound & music        : 8/10Combat                    : 9/10Boss design             : 10/10Story                        : 8/10All in all.  If you like a challenge, and are willing to put some effort into it, GET THIS.  You'll love it."
,Recommended,423230,24362242,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Spits :(),I'm probably the only person playing this with a keyboard but the controls for this game feels so satisfying once you get it right. No joke my favorite game of 2016 so far.
,Recommended,423230,25202793,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jonten,"A friend got me interested in this game by sending me a link to one of the game's soundtracks. So I listened to it and really liked it. Decided to buy the game at it's full price along with the soundtrack and, daaaamn, it did not disappoint. The soundtrack fits PERFECTLY with the gameplay, to the point where the rhytm of the bosses attacks synchronize with the soundtrack in some cases. I suggest you sample the music using youtube or something of the sort before buying the game (don't spoil yourself too much though).So, to be clear, I'll explain the gameplay. It's a top-down(ish (it's kind of a bit to the side)) boss arena game, where you move through the world in between these bosses. These bosses are the only enemies you'll face, no weak mobs or anything like the sort. The build up and storytelling for when you approach these bosses are absolutely fantastic, hyping you up before the fight. Then there are the actual fights, which are placed in such a fashion that the previous boss perhaps forced you to move quick, while the next one forces you to adapt a more patient playstyle. No boss is the same, it's brilliant! The boss fights consists of multiple phases that each add to the challenge and most bosses have some sort of final burst of power in the last phase where they just go ham on you. And you have 3 lives for each boss fight, with one of your lives filling up when you complete of their phases. Absolutely genius game design.The player doesn't have too many weapons to defeat the bosses with (ranged and melee, with some extra functions pertaining to those), focusing more on learning and mastering what you have rather than bloating the game with more weapons. I personally feel that this way is better, since you can balance the game as a whole more appropriately. I've only played this game on the keyboard, so I can't speak for gamepad users regarding the controls, but I think I would actually prefer to play this game on the keyboard, since it gives you better access to many buttons at the same time and isn't as clunky as you'd think. Needless to say, the game does recommend you to play with gamepad, but keyboard is (probably) just as good, if not better to play the game with.If you complete one of the game's different endings (yes, it has multiple endings) on the furi (normal) difficulty you also unlock the harder difficulty as well as a few nifty modes, like practice and speedrun mode, that allow you to play the bosses and focus more on the gameplay.My final veredict: Must buy, 10/10, Indie game of the year (in my opinion).(However, if you REALLY dislike this kind of music, or just dislike action games or games who are moderately/very challenging, then don't buy this. You probably won't like the game. )gg"
76561198030092592,Recommended,423230,26702728,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mumsy,"A short but awesome game that takes inspiration from bullet hells, boss rushes and character action games. All though it's not the best in any of those individual genres, it strikes a very nice balance of them and the developers shows that they are competent enough to satisfy fans of the genres.The biggest strengths of this game is the robust gameplay that is simple in design but is utilized very well and its varity in boss fights which always keeps you guessing for what's up next like shadow of the colossus did.Also the game is eye candy for the right reasons this time, no special effects or anything that will wow you but rather artstyle, character designs and best of all the very cool looking bosses. This to me shows that the developers and artists knows what matters the most when designing a video game which I really admire and respect.The weak spots of it are the walking sections, I totally get why the developers put them there but it feels like forced down time, it would have been more interesting if the player was alowed to run to the next boss if they wanted to (on the first playthrough) and the ability to explore the areas inbetween at their own pace.The other thing that kind of puts this below other character action games is how the parrying works, not that it's broken because it tecnically works as intended. But rather how you read your enemy in a fight, you don't learn the moveset to parry you'll look at the light and the sound que. This makes parrying very easy unfortunately which can break the bosses that relies on close combat.Even though I wouldn't put this up aginst the top tier action games I can say with confidence that this beats everything that is considered the next best and I'm very excited for this teams next game. We need more top tier action games on pc and this was the closest we have that isn't from capcom or platinum.If you like character action games then this should be in your library, not only because it's very good but also to support a team with great potential."
,Not Recommended,423230,24180382,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sisly,"This game has a nice idea, it's hard and it runs for me at ~120 FPS. YetIdislike so manyminoraspects that it adds up to not liking it to a certain extend.About the gameI would describe the game as a fast paced boss fighting arena paired with a bullet hell. You move freely around the arena while having a top-down perspective. The camera zooms out as you move farther away from your oponent, and zooms in as you close the distance. I will make an own section about the combat-system.You are fighting an enemy one vs one (later in the game a boss spawns in weak minions), which are progessivly getting stronger and more difficult to fight. The enemies are more like an old school boss fight with multiple stages and health bars. They change the way they fight with each new stage, and each stage has mostly two phases. Some opponents have only one phase in their earlier stages.Phase one:You are in a top-down perspective fighting the enemy. Dodging projectiles and melee attacks, while trying to hit the enemy.Phase two:You zoom in having more of a side perspective and the focus changes to sword play.After each stage, your HP is maxed.At the last stage, the enemy stays at one position and is invulnerable. This is when the pure bullet hell starts. I hope you played some because they can be quite difficult. After you dodged enough projectiles, lasers and waveshocks, they are a one hit kill.The opponents have around 6 stages, while you have 3 lifes, with which you can try the same stage again, but at full HP. If you run out of lifes, you have to fight the boss from the beginning again.Before and after each fight, you have to walk (slowly) to the next area. Luckily you can auto-walk by using the Dash button. In this phase the story will be advanced. If you are not interessted in the story though, and just want to fight, you will be held back since this progress cannot (to my knowledge) be skipped.StoryYou are a prisoner locked up on floating islands above earth. For what reason is not known (to you as the player), but will be told by progressing through the game by a side character talking to you. The side character, a mysterious and weird looking man with a rabit mask, freed you from your confiment, and wants you to escape with him, since he wants to get out of this prison as well, and needs your help to do so.Combat system:The combat is held simple and in my opinion responsive enough.Melee:You have one button for your melee attacks with which you can perform a 4 hit combo with a slower knock down attack at the end. You can hold the attack button to charge it up to dash forwards, deal more damage, and stagger the enemy. This also destroys normal projectiles, and some give you a health drop. At maxed charge you can stun your enemy.Range:Luckily you are equiped with a pistol with which you can shoot your opponents form a distance. The projectiles have relative slow speed, but you can also charge your weapon up which deals more damage, while also having fast speed, and knocks down the enemy. In phase two this is replaced for charging up, which gives you a damage boost on the next attack.Block/Parry:Upon a succesful block you regain 1 segment of your HP back, and if timed right you will parry your opponent which will additionally stun them. Blocking a projectile will shoot it back on your enemy at a very fast speed. Some will spawn a health drop, which gives you 1 segment of HP back. The enemy is also able to parry you, and then tries to attack you. This attack (or attacks) can only be blocked, but you don't regain health from that.Punish:You can punish an enemy while they are stunned. It deals decent damage and shows you a short cut-scene. Punishing an opponent removes all projectiles from the arena.Dash/Dodge:With this you can dash around and dodge the enemy's attack. This can be charged as well, which then lets you cover more distance. Bear in mind that, if the arena has an edge, you can fall down and take damage (1 segment of your HP). You can charge your melee attack and dash at the same time. The enemy can also evade you. Keep that in mind!Movement:You are running quite fast, but if you are shooting or charging your weapon, you will be walking really slowly.Kocked down:Both you and the enemy can be knocked down. While on the ground, there can't be any damage dealt. You stand up when you want to move or after some time automatically.Enemies can't fall off the edge and if they evade your charged melee attack there, you'll fall.My MINOR issues:The camera will never show you what's below or to the side of you (eg a wall or the edge will be seen late).Sometimes there is something covering the screen like a branch.The dash/doge is performed on button release, since you can charge it (thought it was worth mentioning).If you play with mouse and keyboard, your courser is hard to detect on brighter surfaces.Aiming with a controller is hard, since the enemy is moving fast and your projectiles are slow. So correcting your aim is sometimes out of the question -> spray and pray (charging gives you an aiming line).Obstacles that rise from the ground will lift you with them, which makes you unable to move (dashing off them is like falling off the edge -> you lose 1 segment of your health).Charging your weapon after you started charging your dash will cancel your dash entirely -> nothing happens after releasing dash button.You can't cancel your melee charge.When punishing an enemy, there will be a cut-scene which, can make you forget how you are oriented -> dashing away off the edge is a possibility (and this game can get stressful after awhile).In phase 2 of the battles, you will always get a cut-scene, which cannot be skipped (if you keep dying in phase 2 this can be quite anoying).At a later enemy: when this one is intentionally off-screen (when you are supposed to look for them) the camera is zoomed in and restricts your vision alot. The enemy spawns in minions that shoot at you off screen.First stage of the 3rd boss is just annoying and time consuming. Literally just shoot away 3 layers of walls with minor dodging.The 4th boss (I belive the poison swamp guy is the 4th) is so weak that he should have been left out of the game, or made stronger.The 6th boss just flies all over the place past the edge of the arena, which makes it hard to attack. She dodges the charged ranged attacks and normal ones are so slow and deal so less damage.Inconsistency with your charged attack against the 6th boss' charged attack. Sometimes you win, sometimes she wins.Probably some more, which I currently can't recall.OverallIf you wanna play the game for fun and for the story, go ahead! It's a good game and fun to play!For my personal taste, it has too many little, annoying things, that drive me mad, so if the things I listed could potentially drive you mad as well, you should maybe wait for a discount."
76561198053823135,Not Recommended,423230,24311695,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Black_Fang666,"The game looks good when you watch somebody play it, but it seems to be style over substance. The combat feels too scripted, ""This is the section where you parry,"" ""Now is the time where you shot and dodge,"" ""Sorry, your attacks are autoblocked for now."" There isn't enough freedom in what you can do for the combat to feel satisfying. This can be especially frustrating when you can't figure out what the game wants you to do, because only that one thing is going to work and the game does not do much to teach how to know what it wants. While the visuals are nice and stylized, I simply didn't find the gameplay enjoyable."
76561198091077853,Recommended,423230,34066805,Posted: 6 August,all,Boodler,"Furi is an amazing gamePros:-Great soundtrack-Interesting boss designs-Good Narration-Challenging and fun gameplay-Just bosses, no other enemiesCons:-Some bugs-Graphics sometimes look a little off"
76561198027938925,Recommended,423230,34873260,Posted: 10 September,all,DonutsLeader,Dodge♥♥♥♥♥♥ Parry♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dodge more♥♥♥♥♥♥ Receive satisfaction when you beat the boss.And a surprisingly deep story behind it.The only thing I dislike is very slow transitions between bosses.11/10 insanity otherwise.
,Recommended,423230,28115318,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GRIM FANDANGO SENTINEL,"This game kicks some serious♥♥♥♥♥It's like a high energy love child of No More Heroes and a bullet hell game with in between fight Metal Gear style exposition in between fights and Metal Gear style banter during the fightsGreat game, you will never feel cheated if you die in this game, only mad at yourself for realizing your mistakesOh yeah the soundtrack is banging too"
,Recommended,423230,24150672,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,kyoott,"The boss fights right after the other, electro, the visuals, fast paced combat... this game is amazing.I played it till I reached my ending, there hasn't been a game recently that has gotten me hooked right from the beginning.Used a controller and it goes perfect with this game.Also not sure if its F2P on PS4 if you have Playstation+, you should check it out if you have one."
,Recommended,423230,25706812,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,pacmondo,"Love this game already. Difficult but it feels extremely rewarding once you finally figure out the technique to defeat a boss. It's worth the money, and has a lot of replay value in it's different difficulties and ratings for completion."
,Recommended,423230,31709788,Posted: 12 May,all,chrisman11335,"By far one of the most challenging games I'll ever play.Takes some getting used to the different bosses fighting styles, but very satisfying once you learn their footwork.Highly recommend if you like bullethell shooters mixed with Samurai Jack swordsmanship and a Donnie Darko-esque rabbit guiding you along..."
,Recommended,423230,34613268,Posted: 30 August,all,"Tod""Miss my stem friends""Haseo",The music is lit and should be played in house parties.
,Recommended,423230,31734709,Posted: 13 May,all,Mecha,"Amazing soundtrack,visuals, and gameplay. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561197980300265,Recommended,423230,24170665,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ArKaine,"Furi is one of those games I always wanted to be made. It's fast paced, no nonsense, to the point.Combining suiting and stylish visuals, a sublime soundtrack reminiscent of Hotline Miami, and adrenaline-pumping twitch action, this game clearly had a vision behind it that was executed to near perfection.For all those people that could never wait to get to the epic boss fight at the end of the game, this is for you."
76561197965158099,Recommended,423230,30624970,Posted: 19 March,all,Hekatonkheires,"It's like a Metal Gear Rising Revengeance boss rush, mixed with a bullet hell shoot 'em up with a sick electro soundtrack instead of a sick metal soundtrack.+Comeback mechanics - You have three lives and you gain one every time you complete one phase of the enemy. You can also gain health bars from parrying enemy melee attacks.+Bosses that force you to git gud at a particular aspect of the combat mechanics.+Sweet art style and soundtrack.+Normal difficulty is extremely punishing but not unconquerable. Furier difficulty is....kind of nuts, though.-The forced close combat sections are a bit janky compared to normal gameplay, you move really slowly. Enemy area of effect attacks are shown by holograms, but you generally need precognition or prior knowledge to avoid them after the first three bosses.-Some bosses have way too many phases. (E.G: The Burst, who will kill you repeatedly in the later stages but whose first 2-3 stages are trivial. She has six. And if you lose all your lives, you have to repeat all of them again. And again. And again.)-Occasional visual slowdown and audio stuttering."
,Recommended,423230,32478267,Posted: 16 June,all,thiccspicc,"Honestly, what really grabbed my attention was the game mechanics and art. The story is mediocreim not really too intrigued with many games' stories tbhbut I would say this game is perfection and you should play it."
76561198038905471,Recommended,423230,25761004,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,komoriblues,"Best game of 2016 for me so far, really one of my favorite games I've played in a long time.The style carries you deep into the atmosphere with subtle hints. You're one mentally broken man, but you're on a mission.The gameplay is fast in a very much needed and refreshing kind of way. The experience is rewarded for being quick on your feet and reaction times to adapt around somewhat unforgiving and unpredictable combat (Some of you will think it's too hard).Even better, once you've completed the game there's an extreme difficulty setting (Furi), and you can speed run through the game. What's a way to put this? If you really like being challenged to act quickly and be unforgivingly punished for not adapting, you're going to love this.The battles are strictly heads-up, you against a boss with a lots of fast or cheeky patterns. The permuations on the attacks aren't always going to be scripted the same way, so you have to react and keep your attention focused on the moment.The game is fun, punishing in a rewarding way (but seriously it's not as hard as some whine about), and has STYLE!!! The style is what you're going to appreciate the most about this!I'm very confident this will age well and be remembered on an acclaimed level years from now."
,Recommended,423230,24694553,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,LivingTrash,"Let me tell you a little bit about FuriFuri is a game about fighting bosses and only bosses. This, in part, leaves out the sometimes annoying grind that is the grunt waves and allows a more focused design of bosses with many stages.Pros+Beautiful World and character designAccording to the dev team the majority of aesthetics were created by the producer to the anime afro samurai and it really shows.+Awesome soundtrackI might a little biased on this because of how much I love EDM, but even then it still sounds especially good and fits so well into the boss fights.+A simple but great combat systemFuri consists of two plains of attack much like Pokken. On the outer plain the game is much like a bullet where you are forced to dodge and attack with either an automatic pistol or melee sword. The close quarters plain is focused entirely on melee combat where quick judgement is necessary in order to parry and find the right openings to attack. There also a few hidden secrets to find that will definitely help in the long run.Cons-The Close Quarters CombatAlthough the ranged combat feels exhilarating and almost always brings something new, every close combat sequence felt the same but either faster or more needed parrying. There was one instance that changed up the CQC battlefield but that was only in one particular boss.-The Parrying and dodging (minor complaint)Although the game runs really well and feels great to play, in some cases it feels inconsistent. In comparison to game like dark souls, the dodging doesn’t feel as responsive or fluid as it should be. I get that parrying shouldn’t be easy to pull of, but especially in a later boss that completely centers around close quarters combat, it began to feel inconsistent and frustrating at times. Granted it only felt actually unfair on a few occasions, but this further pushes the point that the CQC could be improved because the entire thing is almost completely based on parrying.-A few of the bosses depending on your view.For me, only two of the bosses felt a little uninspired and a little easy. Although the majority of bosses in Furi are awesome one towards the end and one around the middle was very underwhelming and cut out what felt like a good chunk of the game that could have been spent sweating and fighting to my heart's content.-The Story feels somewhat lackingYou probably shouldn't be buying this game for the story, but there is a decent amount of time transitioning to the next boss that could have been used more wisely. It’s mainly used to show off the beautiful world and build up for the next fight. They also gave little tidbits of story, but not enough to develop character and didn’t seem all that feel rewarding.VeridictThis game is not the masterpiece everyone is saying it is. It has too many issues to be given such a title and may not even be worth the asking price to some considering it only took me 6.5 hrs to beat. However almost every bit of those hours were filled with fun adrenalin pumping fights that is supported by such a creative idea. Most of my problems were mostly outshined by what the game does right."
76561198301309180,Recommended,423230,30605134,Posted: 18 March,all,MSEP,"If you are considering purchasing this game, you should first ask yourself, ""am I easily frustrated?"" If the answer is yes... oh boy.Where do I start? This game is great! It's really fun, super challenging, surprisingly fair, and incredibly satisfying! The combat is really smooth and cool to watch, and the bosses are all pretty different and creative. In one fight you'll be playing a deadly game of hide and seek, in another melee combat won't work, in another your blaster is turned against you, and finally in another you'll be running from a laser-faced lunatic. Having said that, Furi is rather difficult and can be frustrating if you don't like getting 95% of the way through a boss fight and then having to restart because they managed to chip away your last hit point.The main issue I have with this game is the visuals. When compared to the combat, boss designs, and music, the visuals seem rather unpolished. They colors and landscapes are beautiful, but I found the weird facial animations, stiff movements between fights, and the occasional wonky hair and cape physics to be distracting. Also, having the first thing you see after the first fight is the protagonists's sword clipping through his cape doesn't make for the best first impression. There are some problems with camera position in one of the fights, too. If you can get past that, then you are in for a thrill ride.So, should you buy this game? If you want a challenge and can look past a few aesthetic flaws, yes! Every second of combat is exciting, every boss is interesting, and every victory is satisfying. Just don't expect this to be a walk in the park."
,Recommended,423230,24380887,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Celzic,"Furi.This is one hack and slash fighting game that I have been looking forward to, with one-on-one combat with multiple tier battles, this game blew me away when I started to play.This game immediately throws you into the action with your first enemy/boss and as much as hack and slash is like 100% ingrained in us all, dodging, guard breaking and parrying are key in helping you defeat your enemy! It builds you up to a peak when you feel like a god, until of course the enemy pulls a rabbit out of his hat and baboom, you now have to think of a new way to avoid their attacks and get them with your own.The amount of skill, timing and patience you need for this game is paramount, I would rank this harder than Dark Souls. Like, all of the Dark Souls games.With that being said, even with a few hours under my belt, I enjoy this game so much. The soundtrack is fantastic, the visual art is amazing and the difficulty is right up my alley, making button mashing just useless.Solid 10/10."
,Recommended,423230,28245656,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hasten,"Great SoundtrackGreat VisualsGreat GameplayGreat StoryGreat Game.Buy it, get the soundtrack too, make sure you have a controller though."
,Recommended,423230,28520337,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Rell,"Great game.  Wears its influences on its sleeve, but not a bad thing.Imagine if No More Heroes actually ran well and wanted you to die, and had bullet hell mechanics thrown in for the hell of it.Game is pretty breezy with a very forgiving comeback mechanic and strong telegraphs for all boss attacks.Need more indie titles like this one.  There's plenty to sink your teeth into, but don't expect to dump 50+ hours.Play using a gamepad."
76561198063850423,Recommended,423230,33267039,Posted: 5 July,all,Draxx. Them. Sklounst.,"A quick few warnings before the actual review:1. Avoiding spoilers (for what incredibly little story there is), before the 6th boss named The Song, you have the opportunity to do something that will end the game at that moment, unlocking an achievement. THIS WILL END YOUR GAME AND WIPE THAT FILE. If you wish to do this solely for the achievement and then move on, I believe you can back up your save file, get the achievement, and then return to the save and continue the game.2. As I stated, there is very little story in this game. It is mysterious and interesting, but it is barely delved in to.3. Controller of some sort HIGHLY recommended. It will even tell you the same upon first opening Furi.4. This game is hard, and it embraces it. This can be a very good thing for people like myself who enjoy that, but this game is not for somebody not willing to die many times, learning the ins and outs of a boss fight before killing it. Simple as that.Overall, this game is quite solid. There are a few glaring flaws but they are mostly just things that are frustrating rather than actual issues but you get your money's worth if this is the style of game you're into. Bullet hell meets boss rush and they meld pretty well in this title. Sound track is fantastic and the controls are smooth and responsive. Am on a high end PC but I doubt it would take much to run this game at all. Would be great if you carry around a laptop and controller to have a few goes at a boss on the go for that reason. I'll list the flaws I mentioned earlier before wrapping up:1. Between bosses, your character walks MIND-NUMBINGLY SLOWLY while a narrator of sorts talks to you. This, for the most part, is fine as it functions similarly to a cut scene. BUT, if you are looking to explore the scenery what so ever you will have to do it at a snail's pace. And, if you encountered the issue that I did having my progress totally halted at the 6th boss, you will have to go through these 5-ish minute walking scenes all over again when progressing as they are unskippable. But if you read the first part of this review, that wont happen to you. Gotchya back, buddy.2. Getting killed/hit almost always feels justified and fair. ALMOST always. There are a few times throughout where there is basically nothing you could do to avoid something hitting you, or it simply appeared that it was not going to. A quick example being the 2nd boss, where you fight her in a maze. She will sometimes fire a laser beam straight at you that has a form of ""travel time"". If you are standing behind a wall (or multiple walls) that break as her beam ends, you will be sent flying through the air even though the beam never made it anywhere near you. Another example on the 7th boss where she can snipe you from off screen and kill you in 1 hit. I've had a moment or two where she locked on, stood behind a wall (the only thing you can do), her aim reticle was pointed at the wall, and then the bullet whizzed past the wall and ""allegedly"" hit me. These moments are fairly far between, but can get on the nerves.3. And lastly, there a couple parts during boss fights where you will have to do something that can add a bit of depth to the fight, but due to the nature of the game where you WILL have to die and retry phases and entire bosses, become tedious, time consuming and frustrating. A quick example being IIRC the 4th phase of the 2nd boss. She will run and hide as soon as it starts, and you will have to go find her somewhere random in the entire boss floor. A neat concept the first time, but I found this phase to be the hardest of that boss, so it did need to be done a decent few times and after the 3rd or 4th time I just got entirely sick of it.Summary/TL;DR - Great bullet hell/boss rush, fantastic sound track but little story elements. A few issues mostly with ""quality of life"" so to speak.8/10 would recommend if you think you would enjoy this sort of thing, but certainly not for everybody."
,Recommended,423230,30072545,Posted: 20 February,all,Dreamparacite,"Furi is a third person action game that revolves entirely around a series of bosses as you fight for your freedom. You do not level up, upgrade weapons or gear and in fact your move set never changes. What does change is your skill at playing the game and by the end you'll have grown a lot as you face the different challenges.What this game does well is that each fight prepares you for the next one, and each one changes up the formula each fight to teach you something new. So while your attacks stay the same your reaction time and the amount of different attacks the game throws at you to dodge and counter constantly grows. By the end you'll be needing to use everything you've learned to survive.Though it may sound simple that you have one move set and two weapons there is a depth to the combat and once you learn advanced ways to power up your moves and read bosses you'll find faster ways to dish out damage, provided you can pull it off.The game is tough, but fair. Each boss fight typically has 6 stages to them while you have only 3 continues before you have to restart the fight. However, parrying attacks restores health and if you beat a stage of a boss without losing all your health you gain another continue. The game rewards playing well and learning patterns.All of this to not even mention the fantastic soundtrack which is well worth checking out and is a great compliment to the fights, with each fight and track being memorable.It's not a perfect game but any gripe I had was very minor. When you walk through each level you have commentary from an NPC about the upcoming fight and while you can directly control your character its better to just let the game auto-walk for you. For one you can then focus on the dialogue and environment, but also Furi's movement animations outside combat can look stiff and its better left automated. In addition throughout levels or during fights sometimes the music very obviously cuts out as it switches between different versions of the song to accompany the different stages of the fight which while not game breaking is just a slight detraction on the otherwise great presentation.This game isn't for everyone and it is quite a challenge but those who stick with it will have a memorable experience.Pros:+Great fights that are unique and continually add new twists+Simple but deep combat that is easy to pick up but hard to master+Awesome soundtrack+Great visual style (character designs by Afro Samurai's creator Takashi Okazaki)Cons:-Music awkwardly switches sometimes in levels/combat-The kickstarter didn't get fully funded :c-There's really not many cons unless you are put off by a challenge"
,Recommended,423230,26040576,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Weebs n' Squeebs,"amazing game, wait for it to be on sale though"
,Recommended,423230,34305904,Posted: 17 August,all,Navi [Dying Spree],It's worth checking out if only for the sound track.But then it has amazingly difficult battles with quirky bosses.
,Recommended,423230,33102795,Posted: 1 July,all,⸎peth,"Really good stuff here, full of attitude. Its purely boss fights with sparse travel and light narrative. Having focused on just boss fights along the lines of Titan Souls, Furi is essentially just a fighting game but with some bullethell and hack/slash/parry mechanics implemented. I recommend it."
,Recommended,423230,24437066,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,love2kick,"This is a peace of art. This is phenomenon.  I can't say anything more, you should play it."
,Recommended,423230,25848331,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Alvie,"I came into this game having heard very positive things, and yet it was still a pleasant surprise how much I'm enjoying it. Every pore oozes with atmosphere, between the beautiful landscapes, the synthwave soundtrack, and the weirdo narrator. I don't have a ton to say about it but I know I give it a big fat thumbs up.Gameplay cuts out all the chaff. This game is merely a series of difficult boss duels with atmospheric walking sections in between. Normally this would be a huge turn off to me in a game but the bosses are challenging, extremely unique, and ooze personality. The fights themselves have a unique and interesting structure. Each boss has a series of stages they go through, each with a (sometimes dramatically) different moveset. If you lose all your health, you only have to restart the current stage instead of having to restart the entire fight. BUT the boss also regains all their health for the stage, meaning you can't just chip away at it over the course of several lives and must actually learn the patterns and react as flawlessly as possible. Each boss has a distinct personality, vibe, moveset and gimmicks and one of the best parts of the game is finding out what it has in store for you next.The walking sections should be boring but they are beautifully paced and narrated by a strange-looking but well-informed stranger who follows you along as you walk. Setting your character to walk automatically allows the beautiful camera angles and well-acted narration unfold in a very deliberate, stylish pace.The story is a great mystery in the way it unfolds. The game opens with your character being freed from a fantasy jail cell by the mysterious narrator, and the only exposition you receive other than brief remarks from the bosses comes from said narrator, who clearly has his own agenda. The player does not know why their character was imprisoned, and it is unclear whether it was for a good or bad reason. The only thing you know is true is that you must beat all the bosses or be thrown back into your cell. The jailer is the key, kill him and you'll be free.I highly recommend this game to anybody in search of atmosphere and challenge."
,Recommended,423230,29636129,Posted: 1 February,all,Omega Ridley,"""Excellence is not an art, It's pure habit. We are what we repeatedly do.""Furi is an action-packed one on one combat game that borrows the best elements from games like Dark Souls and Devil May Cry, combines them with its own vibrant and colorful identity, and mixes them all together to give you something memorable, fresh and unique.The game is a series of boss fights interrupted by walking sections that give you some time to calm down and listen to some exposition before moving on to the next adversary. And that is pretty much ""all"" there is to this game, but you'd be wrong to judge it by it's small amount of content, for the content itself is carefully crafted, polished, and absolutely brilliant.The combat is fantastic.The combat is the game's heart, and fortunately, it is some of the best combat you'll ever experience. It is based solely on your own skill, there are no upgrades, no buffs, it's you, your sword, your pistol, your parries and your dodge moves. It's a system that's easy to understand yet difficult to master, but you can really feel yourself becoming better and better every time. It's fast, thrilling, and never gets boring.The soundtrack is memorable.Composed by many famous indie composers like Carpenter Brut, Danger and Kn1ght, Furi's soundtrack is worth listening to again and again and again. It's catchy, fitting and memorable, and enhances every boss fight. I find myself listening to it on Youtube a lot even when not playing the game.The visuals are strong.While it might not be pushing PBR to its limits like DOOM, Furi goes for strong visuals over actual fidelity and it results in a gorgeous looking game. The character designs by Takashi Okazaki, the mastermind behind Afro Samurai, help give the game its own identity, and the simplicity helps the game overcome a few technical issues and not-so-smooth shadows.The story keeps you going.While not on the level of Spec Ops: The Line or Mass Effect, Furi's story manages to keep you engaged in a way that keeps you pushing forward to find out why you were locked up.The game's length varies.It really does. I've seen people finish the game the first time in about four hours, but have also seen times go up to eighteen hours for a first playthrough. It took me eight and a half hours personally, so as you can see, YMMV. The good thing is that the game has a lot of replayability if you're into the genre, and I eventually got fourty hours out of it.In conclusion, Furi is a very, very good game, especially if you're into this genre. If you hate boss rush games, you might want to avoid it. The price is a little high, so I'd advise to wait for a sale before pulling the trigger, but regardless, Furi's a fun experience that's worth playing through at least once.No points for spelling, tho."
76561197988105359,Recommended,423230,31281529,Posted: 21 April,all,GodLiKe,"I am only half way through this game but omg it's great.One of the best games of all time for me.Tight gameplay,  no ballast here. Just you vs. some tough bosses.The fights are super intense and the music and graphics are great as well.Also the game runs super smooth @ 144hz, no frame drops at all (this is very important for a fighting game like this)Also has lot of replay value, there is a harder difficulty (but ""normal"" is already quite hard) and a speedrun mode as well.If you enjoy difficult games with lot of challenging boss fights (like dark souls) this is a must buy."
,Recommended,423230,25334613,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,League,"FURI - The skill based, boss fighting, twin stick shooting, melee fighting, Indie gem.Easily my favourite game to come out so far this year on steam. Granted, it's not for everyone, but for those you like it, love it. THe combat is so rewarding and actual SKILL (I know right) is required to progress through the game. The sasisfaction of beating each boss never gets old.So my recomendation, try it - And if you love it, great! and if you don't, there is enough content to let you make a desicion on whether or not you want to refund the game in the first two hours."
76561198090761574,Recommended,423230,33159437,Posted: 2 July,all,tylertylertyler08,"A fantastic game. Hack-and-slash that goes beyond great gameplay to become art. Challenging, rewarding and interesting. The art is great, and the driving, electronic soundtrack meshes perfectly with the whole package. It's a fine package indeed."
,Recommended,423230,24242372,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ubs,"So a friend of mine pitched this game to me based on the fact that I liked Hyper Light Drifter. I did not check anything about it not even the trailer so I just bought it and went in blind. Boy was I in for a surprise:- Badass protagonist? ✓- Intriguing story? ✓- Beautiful scenery? ✓- No useless in-between bosses filler time/trash mobs? ✓- Challenging fights? ✓✓- Amazing fight scenes with badass bosses? ✓✓✓- OUTSTANDING MUSIC!!!!!! ✓✓✓✓✓Honestly this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! This is what you get when you marry Hyper Light Drifter with Samurai Jack/Samurai Shamploo vibes. It is a non-stop action packed game that goes straight to the point, which is YOU vs BOSSES. Period.Worth to point that I only beat 6 bosses so far and I did not finish the game yet so not sure about the quality of the story and its reveals. Still, the intrigue is definitely there!The only negative thing I experienced so far is the hitbox of the deflect ability against projectiles in certain angles/positions as it lacks accuracy in my opinion. I would not mind it that much but some fights are really designed around it, which should make it more reliable.This game is a 9.5/10 in my book. BUY IT!!!!"
,Recommended,423230,24232964,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ｒａｄｉａｎｔ ★,"Furi is geared towards people who enjoy a good challenge because it's solely a boss rush game that requires you to actually up your game to beat every boss.There's no easy way out of it by grinding/improving stats as you're given everything in the game from the start. This means you have to actually execute your timing and precision as well as finding out how to exploit and find an opening.A game like this isn't for everybody, but if you enjoy hack n slash bullethell gameplay, intense and well crafted bosses with insane phases, this is certainly a game you want to check out.The graphics are ok, but the art direction and designs are fantastic. Furthermore the soundtrack is really great and I find myself replaying a lot of the songs from the OST.If you're wondering whether there's enough content to justify its asking price, in my opinion I think so.Firstly, due to the game's focus on bosses, you can rest assured the quality of the boss fights is extremely high.Secondly, the game offers high replay value- because you'll find yourself not only wanting to get the highest rank in each boss, play on the Furier (hardest) difficulty since this is like NG+ done right where bosses have more patterns to them and aggression, but also to relive the thrill and fun you had beating each boss first time.That aside. the few complaints I have is that there's some slight input delay. I know the devs stated that this is intentional so that there is a cool down between everytime you dodge/slash your way as it doesn't make sense to just spam. But honestly, I feel the gameplay would feel more tight and responsive if they hadn't done that since it takes away from the experience a bit. There's a lot of bullet hell sequences so input delay just feels a bit unfair.Overall though, I really enjoyed the game and it was really sweet that they even thanked platinum games, Kojima, Kamiya, Mikami and Miyazaki and lots more for the special memories, which have clearly influenced the development of this game- and they succeeded."
,Recommended,423230,24220358,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Delfofthebla,"This game is amazing. Honestly I've wanted something like this for a long time.* The action is solid.* The controls (for a gamepad) are solid.* The soundtrack is amazing and is themed well for the type of game this is.* The animations and effects are really good stuff.All of the above combines to make the fights feel very...cinematic; it's great.The bosses themselves give off a ""Dark Souls-esque"" vibe, in the sense that they are difficult, but fair. The first time you see a boss you'll likely get destroyed by them, but after a while you start to notice the patterns and movesets. It quickly becomes easy to react and adapt to whatever is thrown at you, and I found myself in an adrenaline rush on a few specific fights.If I were to have any complaints, it would be the ""transition"" areas inbetween each boss fight. They serve no purpose and are ""automated"" by holding down the dash button. The dialogue that happens during these areas is nice, which is...cool and all, but I feel like they would be much better off as simple cutscenes. There is no need to have the player ""play it out"".That, and I seem to have an FPS issue that I can't seem to solve. I randomly get ""lag spikes"" in the middle of fights sometimes, and it's somewhat frustrating to lose because of them.I have not finished the game yet (at 5.5 hours / on 5th boss), but I've heard it doesn't have that many bosses. I would not go into this expecting 20+ hours of gameplay, but rather, a nicely honed core experience that is well worth the money."
,Recommended,423230,24496227,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Desucrate,"Furi is a boss-rush with bullet hell and fast, reaction-time based combat. It's good, and here's why:GAMEPLAYFuri has 10 bosses, which are all difficult and you are likely to die toexcept for The Beat, the 2nd to last bossYou have two weapons; a sword, and a pistol. That's all. No upgrades, no items, no skills. You start with what you end with.except for the mech during the final bossYou can dash, parry, and charge up both your pistol and sword while fighting bosses, all of which are exceptionally useful.The amount of stages that bosses have, their combat skills, moves, and the layout of the combat area differ with every boss, making none of them feel rehashed off another one.THE BADI felt it'd be appropriate to give my slight criticisms of the game, and boy are they slight.Boss 3 and the final boss both were a bit ""eh""Boss 3, ""The Line"" was too focused on you having to repeatedly shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥while he attacks you (mostly with energy waves)The final boss, ""The Star"", wasa bit disappointing, making you have to shoot it over and over while it attacks. I would have preferred a fast all-or-nothing boss, like The Edge, rather than a bullet spongeQTEs are easy, but designed in way that is (very very slightly) annoying for both keyboard and Steam Controller, using the arrow keys on keyboard, and using analog stick wiggling on the controller, which is not the Steam Controller's forte.FURIERFurier is hard, and it's the good kind of hard. So hard that I've only beaten the first boss, ""The Chain"" on that difficulty.From what I've noticed, it's not just an increase to enemy damage (although it might have an increase to their damage idk), it's an increase to their fighting ability. A spray of bullets from an enemy on Furi gains invincible shots and seeking shots on Furier. A normal combo attack becomes a fast-paced flurry of hits as the boss teleports around you.It's outstanding.EVERYTHING ELSEHere's everything else that makes Furi one of my favorite games of all time.The soundtrack. I've been listening to it while writing this review. As well as being DLC for this, you can buy it on iTunes and some other places probably.Keyboard support. While a controller is highly reccomended, the keyboard has incredible support, rather than games like Castle Crashers or the Neptunia games. The mouse is used for controlling where to aim, and attacks. It works very nicely.The story. IMO, the story was better than something like Undertale, which still has a very good story. I think it's the simplicity. Through a lack of understanding and context, you slowly learn who you are, and why you're in prison. All game, I was wondering whether or not The Voice (the rabbit) would end up being some sort of final boss.he wasn't :DThe fight againstThe Beatwas one of my favorites, with an incredible track and the knowledge thatshe was completely helpless and had no chance of defeating youTL;DRFuri is an incredible game, fast, difficult, and, albeit a little short, extremely worth the $25 asking price.Good story and characters, incredible music. This is one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,423230,24603054,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ice Fox,Adrenaline Rush.
76561198054480468,Recommended,423230,24154883,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Stranger,"This game is great fun. It is challengin at first but once you get the hang of it it stops feeling frustrating. Even when i spent 8 1/2 hours playing through the hardest difficulty i never felt that the game was being unfair, every hit i took was becuase I screwed something up. Also got under an hour speedrun! Hoping for sub 50 but well see.It isnt a game for everyone but it is hella fun for me."
,Recommended,423230,24130019,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,joose,"im lazy plus typing too many words makes my chimp brain start melting down so ill keep it at this:game is one massive boss rush with tight controls, challenging fights, and is insanely fun for anyone whos into character action games, bullet hell, or fast paced games in general, packed with amazing style and music. peace"
,Recommended,423230,26060632,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[OKYPSO] toom87,"Tough, but fair, the best kind of game.The storytelling is great too.Multiple endings give it some replay value as well as the speedrun mode if you're into that."
,Recommended,423230,25153793,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,NarbiusTheGreat,"Wow this is one of the best games I have ever played. And it is so underrated... I wish it was more popular since no one plays it. ITS EVEN ON SALE BUY IT.New review:I think that it IS worth $25. First off this game has a way too amazing soundtrack to have a lower price. Second off this game has GREAT gameplay and speedrunner compatibility. It is a bit short but every minute of the game is REALLY fun and it never gets boring. While playing this game I do recommend to take breaks every once in a while (especially if you are having too much trouble beating the first phase of any boss). The art is unique (though the protagonist looks very similar to the one in Hyper Light Drifter) and the voice acting is great.Expect this game to become harder the farther you get into it. But the more you practice, the easier and quicker each boss fight becomes.I do wish though that the soundtrack price was $10 and not $15, but still one of the best, if not the best, soundtracks for a game that I have ever heard."
,Recommended,423230,26019409,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hoff Stiles,"A difficult, yet beatable and fun bullet-hellish game. If you think it looks a lot like Hyper Light Drifter, that's because it plays pretty much the same, except the entire game is made up of boss battles. The game almost requires a controller as it does have twin stick shooting in it, so don't go in there expecting to beat it with a mouse and keyboard (even though there is support for it). Again it is difficult, but difficult like Super Meat Boy where if you keep on at a stage you'll eventually get it, but you'll never get by with luck as each boss has multiple stages including a final stage that usually requires you to dodge a barrage of attacks before you can beat them."
,Recommended,423230,32852542,Posted: 27 June,all,PLaDZ,"Simpily amazing game, 10/10, worth every single cent (plus great soundtrack)."
,Recommended,423230,25991805,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Shawn[Brotide],"Amazing Soundtrack, very tight controls, and creative boss mechanics make this game a must-own for any action game player. A lot of 'critics' are pushing the difficulty of this game, but don't let that disuade you. Is it a challenge? absolutlely. Is it fair? Yes. The standard difficulty mechanics are not that crazy over-the-top, and should be feasible by most action game fans. The 'Furier' difficutly you unlock upon first completion is where this game really begins for the die-hard action fans. No longer are you juggling 1 or 2 mechanics. Prepare to watch for a ridiculous amount of things happening in the fights all at once. I am so glad they didn't just add more damage and more health like a lot of difficulty settings in games. This game really feels like the true game once you get to Furier.I did play one run of the speedrun mode as well. It keeps a tally on your deaths and hits taken at the top, along with time, of course. This definitely gives perfectionists something to work towards mastering. Speedrun mode is the same fights as the standard difficulty, just without all the story and walking cutscenes added in.Played: All of the default 'Furi' Difficulty, roughly 4.5hr completion time.up to third boss in Furier difficulty - So many last phase wipes :(Speedrun mode completion - just over an hour and a half. barely missed second achieve...All-in-all, I would recommend anyone looking at this game to go ahead and take the plunge. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,423230,32874442,Posted: 27 June,all,苦,This game is pretty much touhou on acid for the most part.
,Recommended,423230,24222981,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Fast, frantic, demanding, stressful, technical and brutal are just a few words that perfectly describe the game Furi.The story is great, at first it might seem very generic with you being some guy in 'jail' wanting to escape. But as you progress through the game the story is told to you in a narrative between fights by the same man who freed you at the start of the game. You'll find out more about the upcoming guardian, why you were imprisoned to begin with and what the man helping you really wants.This is a boss rush game with high-octane encounters mixing in both bullet hell and hack n' slash gameplay seamlessly; so if you're not used to either of those styles of play you're in for a difficult start. What does set this game apart from the rest is the fact that there is no leveling up or finding new equipment, your reward for beating an encounter is absolutely nothing; there aren't any flashy animations that play saying ""congratulations you beat the fight!"" but you do get brief moments of rest as you mentally prepare for your next encounter. Because there are no unlockable items or moves the player has full control over everything the game has to offer from the very beginning. Now you might be thinking ""But if I have everything what's the point?"" well the point is mastering the combat system, the game tells you very little aside from how to charge your attacks and parry the rest is up to you to discover.As far as this game's content goes you don't have to worry if you're someone who strives to improve and really wants to understand all the technicalities and nuances of the gameplay. Straight away you'll only have access to story mode, once you beat it you'll unlock a new more challenging difficulty as well as two new game modes; Practice and Speedrun. Practice mode is just as the name suggests, practicing each encounter of the game and it also gives you a letter grade at the end based on your performance; and Speedrun mode is all encounters one after the other with a catch, if you game over once you fail and have to start back at the very beginning.This game's controls are extremely tight and responsive, which they should be since it demands twitch reactions from the player. You can use either mouse & keyboard or a controller; both work perfectly.Now this game's soundtrack is outstanding, honestly not purchasing the soundtrack with the game is an injustice but that's just my opinion. They got Carpenter Brut, Scattle, Waveshaper and so many other great artists to create tracks for this game.Graphically don't even get me started, the world around you is beautiful as you walk to each guardian and the character design is flawless. The creator of Afro Samurai, Takashi Okazaki designed each guardian so if you feel like the game reminds you of Afro Samurai it's probably because of his style.I very highly recommend a purchase but only if you'd classify yourself as someone who enjoys improving and perfecting your gameplay because the game's story mode isn't that long, you can beat it anywhere between 2~5 hours. If you don't think you're that person but the game interests you then definitely pick this up when it goes on sale, you will not be disappointed."
76561198113047528,Recommended,423230,33706740,Posted: 21 July,all,KingFencePost,"""on a scale of 1 to 10, shes an 11, and she'd give herself an 12""That furi"
,Recommended,423230,34569637,Posted: 28 August,all,thinghole,"if you ever wondered what happened to the freak baby of hotline miami and shadow of the colossus after its parents were murdered by suda51, you finally have your answer. overall, this game is a lot of fun, but a lot of the things that make it enjoyable are the same things that really hold it back from true greatness.+ beautiful aesthetic and stage design bring the world to life.+ great soundtrack will help you fight through your frustrations.+ risks and rewards are usually well-balanced (see below). do you want to chance the charged sword and leave yourself open to attack, or is a quick combo the better option? can you tough out an assault in order to gain back some health?+ each character is varied, ensuring that no two boss fights are totally similar - personal favorite: the edge.+ because you don't level up or get anything new, every fight is challenging in its own way and so winning is highly satisfying because of the skills you as a player develop along the way.- sometimes the bosses are very cheap in their execution, which makes them more of a chore.- the miniscule amount of health you can regain during a fight makes for some frequent frustration during particularly brutal combat scenarios.- the overall plot is weightless. because of this, the ~big~ ~reveal~ lacks impact and the story mode's unskippable cutscenes really pull the wind out of your sails the second time through.- has some weird technical issues, like sometimes not recognizing the controller, that occur frequently.obligatory numerical rating: 7.5/10"
76561198014939744,Recommended,423230,28446505,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,kawatiny,"A great game, technically a bit rough around the edges. If you appreciate challenge and the ""Yes I did it"" moment, you cannot be disappointed ^_^"
,Recommended,423230,24170027,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bone Jack,"Can't help but think that this feels and looks like a 3D version of Hyperlight Drifter lolWhile having a (very) few overlookable flaws, this is easily one of the best sleeper releases of 2016, let alone one of all time. Insane high octane boss fights. Absolutely fantastic soundtrack (better than Hotline Miami in my opinion). Also uses an seemingly indirect form of story telling, HOWEVER, it isn't garbage lol (for once)Literally the only gripe I have is the walking sequences (you can turn on autowalk, however the animation is horrid and boring).9.5/10"
76561197997660082,Recommended,423230,24162322,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,moocowisback,"RIGHT, so I just finished this game, thoughts? INCREDIBLE: Furi is rediculously challanging and fun throughout, every boss you encounter you think you will never beat, but the amount of improvment you get while playing is rediculous. and so eventually you will beat them all and become amazing at this game.regarding longevity, I did not find the game short for its price (which was definitley worth the $$) each boss took me an average of three tries to beat, I have a feeling most people will be like me.Even after you finish There is a Furior mode that lets you play allover with the bosses being even HARDER. and I dont mean harder in a cheap kinda way that they take more health down, they are FASTER, have new animations I mean its like playing a completely different boss, so I would DOUBLE the amount of time it takes to complete the game including hard mode to about 8 Hours, more than enough,Buy this Game. We need more like it."
,Recommended,423230,34405459,Posted: 21 August,all,Luke,"incredible game, it's basically just a series of boss fights, your abilities are limited to a few select moves but they're more than adequate enough for you to stand your own against every boss. the game is based on learning your opponents' different patterns and attacks and dealing with them. it's brutal and at times very intense, the storyline ishonestly kinda underwhelming. but it's interesting enough to just take a backseat. the ending was nice, albiet very simple. i would've liked a more fleshed out storyline with a bit more... story. lol. but it's good. the world and atmosphere of this game is intriguing and interesting.definitely consider picking this up if it looks like the type of game you'd enjoy. it's a lot of fun and super rewarding when you beat it."
,Recommended,423230,33854754,Posted: 28 July,all,Zage,I hear thunderpitter-patter. Time to wake up.
76561198031205864,Not Recommended,423230,28201248,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Robin,"I'm a fan of Bossrush games, but this one just has too many annoyances in it to be recommended.The controls are kinda clunky sometimes, which is especially bad, since this game demands quick reflexes and high precision inputs in about half of what it wants you to do. The simple fact that you can't even dodge on button press (rather it's on release, cause in theory you can charge it) makes me wonder if the dev ever had other people playing the game, cause most of the time you won't be charging your dodge, but rather want to quickly evade something. Then about a third of the time it won't work, cause you're just those few frames toos low to release the button.Another problem is the sometimes really precise directional input it demands when dodging. Since you always dodge a minimum distance, sometimes it's hard to (practically) impossible to dodge an area attack just by where you accidentally stand when the enemy starts it.Most of the games challenges come down to simple pattern memorization, there's hardly any actualy skill involved (imo), cause the first time you see a new pattern the controls are too bad to really deal with it on reflex, and after a few tries you know exactly what's coming and can avoid it easily most of the time.The enemies are divided on phases, which is ncie, also, cause if you die and lose a life you start over at that phase and not the beginning of the fight. On the other hand, if you lose all your (3) life you DO have to start at the beginning of a fight. While this may sound reasonable in theory, in practice what ends up happening is, you get one or two phases further in a bossfight, then lose all life (cause you don't know the pattern yet) then do it all over.Since the hardest phases are towards the end, you end up wasting a lot of time doing the earlier phases over and over.All in all I'm not sure why that's in the game like that. It seems more like artificially increasing playtime than anything else really, since once you understand how to deal with a phase it's not that interesting anymore (safe maybe for postgame speedrunning, but you won't do that in the first palythrough anyway).Combine that with another problem, since most moves are similar (especially in meelee range) but always have some small twist, you end up misremembering sometime (oh, was that the phase where he hits 3 times instead of 2 before you can hit him? dang)I've heard people say the game is fair cause the moves are telegraphed, I'm not sure I'd agree with that. The meelee (parryable) moves all have a white blink as a tell, but since it happens so quickly before the actualy execution, you won't be able to do it on reflex anyway (i.e. if you don't know the combo is a 6 hit instead of a 2 hit there's no way you gonna parry on reflex just cause there was a tell, thus making it another pattern memorization exercise)Another thing that can sometimes be an issue is the camera. Occasionally you won't see shots coming cause of the camera angle, but most of the time it's fine (like 99% of the time), so it's not THAT big a deal, just really annoying when it does happen.All in all, I really like the design of the game, I just can't recommend it cause the execution is just a tad bit too bad and ends up being frustrating especially the alter you get (the cynic in me would say that the early game is purposefully working really well, so that once people get to the problematic parts they can't refund it, but I doubt that was done with the refund system in midn and is just an unfortunate side effect of the game's bad core design that's not immediately obvious on the easier parts of the game).Maybe someone can do a mod or maybe the dev is gonna fix some stuff to make it less annoying, but unless that happens I'd rather go with other similar titles"
,Not Recommended,423230,33452560,Posted: 11 July,all,WaifuMaster,"I'm torn on this game. I love the aethetic; the music, visuals, and combination of gameplay genres makes for an amazing style. I just find the combat has too many subtle flaws that add up.Raw attacks rarely land, so you end up relying on shooting and parrying, the latter especially in close combat phases. Parrying is always signaled by a white flash and sound effect, but there aren't clear animations accompanying the attacks, so you can't tell if they are in the middle of a combo, meaning you might just get a single hit or be dodged, or a finisher, so you can do the full combo. There are subtle stance changes after the attack, but it is too little visual feedback to pick up on until you have gone through enough trial and error to recognize them quickly enough to get a combo. A clear animation with distinct windups would have been both more helpful and more engaging than memorizing a parry timing. The timing also is slightly inconsistent. While most attacks have a fairly consistent slight delay before the parry, there are some exceptions which makes the attacks feel cheap.The game handles death in a unique way; on success you restore a lifebar, but on game-over you have to do the whole thing again. I like this, as you can't cheese your way through a boss, but it does get repetitive for the longer fights, and when you add in that there are often things you simply can't anticipate until you have seen it before, it feels like a grind of just getting a little further each time and knowing when to whiff punish. It does feel good when you weave in and out of patterns that gave you trouble before, or nail a series of parries in a row, but I feel like there is too much reliance on trial and error.Furi is definitely a game that gets better as you improve as a player, but until you know all the patterns it just felt like a grind for me. I wish your skill as a player and control over your character grew more than knowing what to do during each phase of a boss fight, or just testing if you have the parry timing(s) down, which are essentially quick qte's when you think about it. I do really like that they included Furier mode though, for those who want to master it, and that there is a speedrun mode (I think speedrunners who are used to repeating things to perfection would dig the game). I tend to enjoy both quick action games and bullet hells, so I should love this game, but it just felt like too much trial and error for me. If you're still interested I'd say wait for a sale at least."
,Recommended,423230,24363513,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Felix,♥♥♥♥ me sideways this is a difficult game and I haven't even unlocked the hard difficulty. Only came here to take a break from the third boss since he is going to give me a brain aneurysm if I lose one more time.
76561198003950443,Recommended,423230,24382194,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lrrr,10/10 boss fights and music
,Recommended,423230,28590061,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jackek,"Amazing fast paced action game which relies on knowing the controlls and reaction time, dlc is also really pumping. Best indie 2016!"
,Recommended,423230,31852186,Posted: 19 May,all,®Gandhi』,"Let me be straight: this game is amazing, everything fits perfectly. Everytime you are going to fight a new boss the game sets the mood for you; the music, the scenario, the quick dialogues (""The Voice""). All of this adds up in order to transmit exactly what it is meant for you to feel on the given situation.If you enjoy a fast-paced game buy this, please, for your own good.""Excellence isn't an art, it's a habit. We are what we repeatedly do."" - The Edge (Best Boss ever Imo)"
,Recommended,423230,34250900,Posted: 15 August,all,filkry,"Knows that the more potent combat fantasy is a duel, not a slaughter. Each fight is worth having in the game, which is rare, and will require you to learn something new. I loved the use of walking sections to come down off one fight and amp up for the next. Of course, the art and music outdo even the excellent game they are attached to."
76561197985857306,Recommended,423230,34369943,Posted: 20 August,all,pr0t0man504,"if you are up for a satisfying challenge with a amazing sound track then you need this game in your life. it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off so much but once to conquer whatever gaurd you are on it feels so good, no matter how hard it gets you always feel like you get a little better every time untill everything clicks and you are just in the zone. the music really helps you get there too."
,Recommended,423230,34878554,Posted: 11 September,all,Frygar,"Its really good! It's one of the few instances where the gameplay trailer accurately displays whats in the game, and it's freaking awesome. get it if you like the heavy/light attack, parry dodge type deal or if you're into bullet hell for some reason. Also story! It's really good! gives you motivation to finish the fights."
,Recommended,423230,35234795,Posted: 26 September,all,Badvil,is good
,Recommended,423230,34588753,Posted: 29 August,all,Beret Guy,"Amazing game, tough as ♥♥♥♥ing nails, but absolutely amazing. The soundtrack is first-class and the gameplay is new and challenging with each and every boss, I have yet to complete the game even once, but I keep coming back to try again despite persistent failure. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a damn hard challenge."
,Recommended,423230,25799324,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,smellslikefun,"One of very few games that actually feels rewarding to progress through. Learning attack patterns (and being able to adapt when they change) takes skill, so you never feel like you just 'got lucky' or the game took pity on you. Furi also doesn't punish you for being bad at it, since you can jump back into the fight right away when you fail. Your health refills when you finish each stage of the fight, giving you a chance to learn how your opponent attacks. Solid controls, high replayability, a beautiful Afro Samurai look, and an amazing soundtrack."
76561198119576247,Recommended,423230,25790072,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,RymRyu,"This is a great boss rush game. It is not like dark souls, it is a bullet hell. Some times enemies will get out of attacks in one frame. But over all this was a great game with a good plotline."
,Recommended,423230,24256320,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Aleth,"If you have nerves of steel, then this game is totally worth it regardless of the price. I was so amazed by how smooth the gameplay was, it's simple but it will require skill past some few bosses. The art direction is amazing, game is colorful and beautifully made.Oh... And the music is marvelous. This game is a must-have if you love Danmaku and beat'em all.Remember that this is a Boss-Rush game. You only have bosses to fight. But man... They're so cool. Like, REALLY COOL.Played the game in Furi mode and will do Furious mode after this. Then, maybe try to speedrun it.But first, I need to perfect that damn good gameplay, because it's awesome to play."
,Recommended,423230,26424662,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Smuckers Von Weshington VII,"Really fantastic game, I wish there we more like it. If you enjoy challenging games akin to Dark Souls and Hyper Light Drifter, you will love this. The fights are challenging and memorable, the environments are beautiful, and the soundtrack is stellar."
76561198060842859,Recommended,423230,25827016,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Vellus,"Thisgameis great!Fast paced boss fights and a dramatic conclusion, whats not to love?The game makes bosses feel like a rival rather than a slightly harder to kill enemy that is common in other games"
,Recommended,423230,25758424,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Why the long face? - Im a horse.,Bought this for myself as a birthday present while not knowing anything about it.It turned out to be Afro Samurai mixed with neon lights and boss battles.What're the chance of buying your own wet dream?
,Recommended,423230,26008204,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ChronicTonic,"If you like playing video games, this is for you. This game has intense gameplay, and a gripping soundtrack."
76561198045233519,Recommended,423230,24110566,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AldoFlores,"I have been waiting for a game that provides a similar experience to Shinobi (2002), and now I have found it. Job well done, Game Bakers."
,Recommended,423230,24116586,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,olo - Monkey,I don't know what to say. I was expecting alot from this game when i saw trailer + screenshot.And its way above my expectations.For me its the best 2016 game i playd so far...
,Recommended,423230,24110289,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,heatburns,"This game puts me in one those those trances where nothing matters but the music and the movement. This is followed by the occasional sense of elation and peace, but more commonly by a sense of despair and defeat. Not permanent despair though. The temporary kind. It passes and I dive right back in for another shot with some slightly improved knowledge of what that mean boss might throw my way.10/10 Music and a slow descent into madness.Ps. Use a controller to better win and just press A between bosses and he'll walk himself there and you won't have to deal with and Final Fantasy/Dino Crisis control swictharoos."
,Recommended,423230,24123182,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Trisimix,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I died during the tutorial. 10/10
,Recommended,423230,24122830,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nasthesy,"A goddam 120% out of 10I wasn't a huge fan of the main character look at first but the game isn't about that -AT ALL- like any Rpg you could find around, in fact, it's just not a Rpg.If you pick up the ""normal"" difficulty even the tutorial boss is challenging, I'm currently at the second one and didn't beat it yet.The graphic style, first off, isn't stunning and looks a bit retro but it shines by the fact that it can run on all machines [My laptop is like 5years old and no fps drops] and it keeps the game minimalistic and clear during the fights themselves, because Oh Boy, you need to be able to constantly be able to tell what's happening.The Music is electro, nothing too fancy but far from being bad aswell, I'll probably listen to it again some times later but I won't deem it a golden medalEDIT - Wtf the compositors are far from bein' people I dislike, I'll have to listen to it more[ CARPENTER BRUT, DANGER, THE TOXIC AVENGER, LORN, SCATTLE, WAVESHAPER and KN1GHT! ]The Fights themselves, pretty basic keybinds on your side and no real combo unlockable, everything in this game is about how quickly you can learn a boss pattern and adapt yourself to it, also the capacity to dodge 150 bajilion bullets and aoe effects aimed at you, with the parry button timing to ripost perfectlyIt's forgiving, you can loose half your life in a phase without problem and fully regen after it and you can afford the mistake buuuuuuuuuuuuuuut even if it's not a punishing game asking you to dodge at the right pixel [Or does it?] it remains difficult in it's real own rightI already sinked probably one hour in it and the return to reality feels weird, you got stuck to these vibrants teal and magenta colors, the Ost, the boss moves, everything is screaming at you to go back for more, because, in the end, even if separately the pieces aren't perfect [Except for the fight probably, but I'd like a keybind remaping option for the controler] the mix itself is an alchemist's masterpiece.The ost ends up not making you get a headache and is a really good background theme when you're in the middle of the fight, the game environement is clean and bright, appealing without nuking your eyelids and to finish, the controls are responsive.Get it, now.It's an experience you need to have for yourself instead of watching a let's player or a twitch people dude streaming that."
,Not Recommended,423230,25122484,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Beeps,"There's a reason why I'm not a big fan of pro/con style reviews. The perverse nature of a single flaw can tear a game apart, and games with an entire shopping list worth of flaws can be good. Devil May Cry 1 would probably have nearly four times the ""cons"" that Furi has in an average review. Despite this, I can say that the aforementioned 2001 action game (made before people really even knew what a 3D action game was) exceeds Furi in nearly every single way, despite being far less focused and fine-tuned as Furi.A lot of what Furi does wrong is hard to describe because it looks totally fine on paper. It is technically true, for example, that Furi has solid & responsive controls. None of that matters when the flow of gameplay is so sloppy. Melee is fine, as is blocking, but dodging--arguably the most important mechanic in Furi--shares the same function as a dash. The lead character dashes away from danger and becomes momentarily invincible, and the difference between a 1 second hold of the A button or a 2 second hold can be very hard to judge. This is an awful dodge mechanic in a game where the player is thrown up against true shmup-style attacks, but many action games struggle in the dodge department, so I tolerated it. I tolerated the janky shooting mechanics, which are done with the right stick, so you can never get an exact angle on where you're shooting, until I realized how badly it's managed with the melee.It's apparent by the 3rd boss, which has puzzle-like mechanics that punish wrong choices, that Furi does not want you to be flashy. That's fine. Not every action game has to be DMC, after all. But Furi goes so far into working against the player's ability to be inventive that it strikes me as almost hateful. There are almost no phases of any boss where slowly pummeling the boss with bullets is not the best option you have. Laughably, if you put a boss into a stagger state with a ""perfect parry"", you will actually do more damage to them if you shoot them repeatedly in the face than if you do your special post-parry attack. There's one boss that shoots three fast energy balls at you in rapid succession. If you manage to reflect all three of them, you deal damage equal to about 8% of her health, which is less than a single melee attack would do. The way the game fails to reward you for taking risks is nothing short of insulting.So you're not allowed to be inventive, and the game has some harder-than-it-should-be elements. The game can still coast off of it's style--which it barely tries to do. There are two bosses that have no real personality or gimmick, where as the others all have firm identities. One boss in particular, The Song, is so bloody boring and offers so few opportunities for you to hit her that it feels like you're playing through the action game version of Bull of Heaven. It's pure tedium. Every single boss has an incredibly easy first phase that doesn't even qualify as a warm-up. You could remove the first phase from every fight and the game would be significantly better. But because Furi is only boss fights, it also has to be only long boss fights.The biggest problem with Furi is that it fails to provide a skillset. Your toolkit is simplistic and only half-functional. The entire game is read and response, there are no other reflexes being tested here. Each boss is so incredibly different from one another that they might as well be different games, and the difficulty barely increases as you move on. When the difficulty does increase, it always feels incredibly excessive, because the game rarely challenges you beyond these occasional cliff-scale difficulty spikes. This along with many other minor problems (sound bugs, control stick QTEs, cheap ""♥♥♥♥ yous"" like one specific boss being able to undo your parries) led to me having a largely unenejoyable experience with Furi. The game, amidst the adrenaline, seems fine at first. But when it wears off, it wears off hard."
,Recommended,423230,28779794,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yono,"Incredible game. Best soundtrack I've ever heard in a game, very well designed difficulty and bosses, very simple to learn combat yet still incredibly deep and challenging, and incredibly challenging but immensely forgiving (until you unlock Furier mode). IMO a must buy for anyone who appreciates challenge, bullet hells, or action games. My only gripe is the story seems like it'll be cool but then goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥at the end, and the final (optional) boss is pretty weak compared to most of the other bosses. Still a great game."
,Recommended,423230,25851033,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Opium War Veteran,Best anime 2016
76561198121662870,Recommended,423230,31780181,Posted: 15 May,all,megapants444,"This game is won by persistence. Some fights are easier than others, but even then each fight is going to take a little time to get through. You are definiately going to need to get used to the timings on dodging and parrying. Dodges don't happen immediately and parrys only last less than a second. It's going to get frustrating pretty quickly, especially during your first playthrough, but it was worth it for me. The set designs are pretty, the characters are awesome to look at, and the voice acting is pretty solid.One thing I've seen complaints about are the walking sections between fights. I feel they are supposed to be slow in order to constrast from the fast action fight sequences, and are meant as like a 'cool down'. I paid full price and felt satisfied after playing and replaying the game.Also I still can't get over the fact one of the bosses fights you with a freaking oar."
76561198027175022,Recommended,423230,24342910,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TehPryceIsRight,"TL;DR - Furi is a good game that I recommend. I do have a few issues with the game. But overall it was a solid pick up.Furi is a really solid game that I would recommend for many of the reasons that others here do. The game has amazing character design (same artist as Afro Samurai and the comparisons are easily seen), the art direction is great with the game, the soundtrack is amazing, and the gameplay itself is nice and tight. For more in depth on the positives check out almost any other positive review. My review is mostly to point out some of the negatives, that don't keep me from recommending the game, but a buyer might want to be aware of.Firstly, while the game's artwork and character design are amazing, sometimes the visuals themselves look silly. Mostly the main character's hair and his cape. The hair often behaves erratically and both the hair and the cape often clip through the outfit. The sword's sheath cares little for the cape and often sticks right through it. It's a small complaint but the clipping makes the cutscenes where you're the stoic and silent protagonist look silly as things just don't behave correctly.Secondly, while I don't mind the sections of forced walking between boss fights, they seem incredibly unnecessary. The point of the walking sections is to show off the new area you're entering and give exposition. These sections are where a majority of the story is revealed, but in the end the story is still incredibly cryptic and sparse. While I didn't really care about the crypticness and lack of story (as a Dark Souls fan I'm used to it) the ending brings it to light. The end of the game presents you with a choice. Choice A or Choice B. Knowing little to nothing about what's actually happening in the story the choice feels really arbitrary. Like the main character would know what the outcome of each choice would be, but as the player I had literally no clue. And apparently one choice let's you do an additional boss fight while the other does not. Once again, a small gripe but it made the ending feel less than stellar.Lastly, a complaint I wouldn't usually make. As someone who has beaten Dark Souls 1, 2, and 3 plus Bloodborne and more games of that nature, I like games that present a challenge. But personally I think Furi's difficulty is incredibly unbalanced. Furi mode (normal mode) usually gives the boss about 4-6 life bars and gives you about 3. This already puts you at a disadvantage but the ability to gain life bars back kind of balances the game out. However, the game is still difficult. On the other hand, Promenade (easy mode) is disgustingly easy. It's utterly ridiculous. Promenade gives you about 5 life bars, bosses about 2 and you each do about 3x damage to one another. Furi Mode makes boss fights take multiple tries until you learn the patterns and Promenade makes boss fights take about 5 minutes max. The disparity between the two difficulties is insane. Furi mode would leave me frustrated on certain bosses (especially during the bullet hell segments that I felt were a bit much) and towards the end I started just getting annoyed by bosses rather than enjoying the game. Losing on the bosses final bullet hell phase and restarting the fight from scratch multiple times made the game feel cheap instead of fun and challenging. But Promenade makes the game easy to the extent where I felt like $25 is wasted for this difficulty. I honestly think the game could use an extra difficulty between Promenade and Furi. A difficulty where you and the boss are way more evenly matched than it being unbalanced one way or another. Also, the ability to not switch the difficulty back means that if one boss if giving you trouble, have fun playing the rest of the game in 20 minutes because Promenade makes it a joke. It's weird to not have an option to switch back in order to experience the other bosses as intended after lowering the difficulty for a particularly hard boss.Anyway, the game is good. Those three complaints don't make the game not worth buying. But they may be something to consider before dropping $25 on the game. If you don't think you can't beat the game on Furi mode don't bother purchasing, because your only other option is a cakewalk. Unless you really just want to experience the character design and artwork (because you're definitely not picking up the game for the story)."
,Recommended,423230,24340973,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nurse Swerve,"Overall its a wonderful game, entertaining battles. Difficulty is fair, and a fun story. The issue is that I refunded the game for a reason. For some reason the game will lag, no matter what you do. I have not encountered any sort of issue repeating with others. Just beware if you have and r9 390 amd radeon gpu just in case. Otherwise excellent game"
,Recommended,423230,24785605,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,StrooLooMan,"I just finished this game as of writing this review and I have had more fun with this game than any other this year. If you like boss battles, difficult games, or bullet hell games, I would highly recomend you give Game Bakers your money.  The only problem I can see some people having with the game who like the genres I just listed, is that the $25 price might be considered alittle steep since you only get about 4-7 hours of gameplay on the first run. I think that's only because many of us have been spoiled by cheap indie games.I would make a joke about giving this game a 12, but that joke is probably all over the review section of this game.Really Great though."
76561198076311823,Recommended,423230,35236722,Posted: 26 September,all,Grantholomeu,"Furi is insanely cool. It's just different really.Furi is literally just Final Fantasy style boss fights, in that everyone has like 6 forms that you have to beat until they're truly defeated. Each form consists of one stage where you fight in the whole arena top down. There is usually a lot more shooting going on in this stage. Then when you damage the boss enough, you drop into close combat. Every boss is different and actually really challenging. It'll take you a few tries to beat any boss most likely.One thing about Furi that I think is the key to it being great is that the timing for interations such as parrying and dodging are so precise, that even if you know what an enemies abilities are, you have to be focused on the game because you know you have 3 sweeping attacks to dodge and only a .1 sec window to do it on each of them. This makes you really get into the game, and also gives you one of the greatest feeling I've ever had in a game. It's challenging, but occasionally you do well, and you really do feel like a f***ing super saiyan when you're blinking across the battlefield, shooting, slashing, and parrying all perfectly. It feels amazing.Also the music is pretty dope."
,Recommended,423230,24636184,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ZelaS,"That's incredible! But not for everyone. And, yes, gamepad is a must.After the whole walkthrough I realized, that this game is made for Furi+ difficulty :)There it truly shines!!!"
76561198031443710,Recommended,423230,35086260,Posted: 20 September,all,Flux Glyph,"+Challenging/hard but fair+Great soundtrack+Actually playable with keyboard and mouse+The plot is actually suprisingly good+Each boss is unique+Amazing/satisfying combat-Kinda short i guess (depends on skill level)-Movement when walking normally feels super awkward-Enjoyment of the game relies on not knowing what is coming next (to an extent, imo it is faitly important going in blind)= Overall a great game and a solid buy, if you like brutal boss fights that push you to your limit then this game is for you. The combat is fluid and satisfying, with the soundtrack complementing the gameplay and adding a sense of ""hype"" to each fight."
,Recommended,423230,24791787,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Grimbo,"I highly reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan any fast paced, fun combat. 9 out of 11Pros:-Fun combat that is a challenge.-Sureal looking areas with neo-cyberpunk themes.-Story is pretty good, might not be for everyone but by the end things start to make more sense.-Art by the same guy who was the artist behind Afro-Samurai.(not the writer thank god)-Sountrack gets me off like no woman ever could.-No complaints about the hit boxes being unfair.Cons:-You might be running off pure salt by the last few bosses.-The ending is felt oddly satisfying for how it ended, but there is sort of a ""hidden"" ending that kind of ruined some of the mysteries I would have prefered to go unanswered. Like giving the protagonist a name and origin.-Feels a little low budget in some places, and some times the music will stop abruptly to match of with something the boss is doing in a annoying way.-Its pretty easying to a get a parry but the ""perfect"" parries feel like they are based off RNG with no real way to perfect them, but I could just be a filthy trash can too."
,Recommended,423230,25160387,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,mk ultra,"This game is ♥♥♥♥in sweet. Awesome art, intense music, Afro Samurai cyberpunk strategic boss battles. I got a refund though. It simply doesn't have enough content to justify the $25 price. I will buy it again for $15 or less. Then it'll be an incredible value."
76561198119715693,Recommended,423230,30609682,Posted: 19 March,all,Bleep Bloop,"I hear thunder, pitter-patter...~The VoiceFuri: An IntroductionIn Furi, you play as an unamed prisoner that is locked up inside of an electric jail. You see your tormentor at the very start and soon you begin to seek his end. A man comes around, known as ""the Voice"" who grants you your freedom, as well as information that could lead to your return to the real world you both seek. A world that is gaurded by even more jailers. A world that shows promise.A world doomed to be ridden.Try again, be better than your previous self.The beauty within Furi is the overall experience that is gained from playing it constantly. As practice makes perfect, the same could be said with Furi, with tough gaurdians to face at first, and weaklings to spit on later. Although this may seem strenious to some, many factors provide an enjoyable experience with a sense of growth as it plays along. So don't let the overwhelming difficulty of the game diminish your interest of the game.Furi: The GameplayOne of the incredible things about Furi, is the very inticing combat mechanics that consist of dodging, shooting, swordplay, and most importantly, timing and PARRYING. I can't stress enough the importance of mastering the art of parrying, as it is one of the most essential assets to assuring victory in this unforgiving masterpeice. As you begin to get a feel of the parrying, well connected slashes from your sword will ensure a swift strike towards any foe. Dodging is fairly self explanatory, just dodge stuff that the enemies fire so that you don't get hit! The shooting allows you to weaken your foe until the time is right to move in with your sword. All together, these forms of gameplay allow the game to flow extremely fluidly and never limits the enjoyment of attacking someone.Note: It is highly recommended that you play this game with a controller of some sort, as it allows you to move much more precicely, rather than being limited by key movements using a keyboard. Although a gamepad helps, there's  nothing that says you can't use a keyboard and mouse, just be prepared when you escalate dificulty in the game.DifficultyOne of the things that makes many players frustrated is the cruel difficulty of the game. As a prime example, it had taken me literally 4 hours to beat just one boss near the end of the game. Sure, I was getting mad, but at myself, not at the game. This is mainly due to how precice some hitboxes can be and how fluidly the controls handle. Near the end of my adventure, I felt that the difficulty of the game had quickly disappeared. With the addition of the higher difficulty, new skills are put into play, patterns are to be analyzed, and moments where you annihilate a boss with only a sliver of health remaining are expremely plentiful. This adds to both the game's learning curve and replayability.Screw you ""the Star"", I really hate you.Furi: the SoundtrackThe game contains music from a variety of talented composers such as Carpenter Brut, Danger, Waveshaper, Scattle, Kn1ght, Lorn, and The Toxic Avenger. All the music compliments the unique enviroments, bosses, and journeys through the gaurdians' realm. The music is very intense and really invests your mind into the game. Concentration emits throughout your body as the beautiful organized noise of all the musicians chills up your spine.Personal Favorite: 8.02 - Danger     Don't ask me why, just play the game yourself. It's glorious.Voice ActingAlthough some of the performances sound a bit strange, the voice actors really do represent the role that they play in the game. Only a few times did I chuckle at how odd the voices were at some instances, but again, this doesn't retract from the enjoyment of playing the game. Feel free to listen to what the gaurdians and the Voice say to you on your journey.Miscellaneous Sound EffectsAll of the sound effects provided in the game make you feel every slash and incision you place upon your opponent, granting both joy and satisfaction to the player. Never does any moment seem strange or out of place from badly timed sound effects or tones. Sound direction in general is quite quality in the game.Furi: VisualsFuri's unique graphical appeal done by the wonderfully talented Takashi Okazaki shows beauty throughout the entire game. Areas show emotion and life that once thrived on the juices of daily activities. Every environment is well crafted and oriented to resemble the gaurdian that protects it. The nice flow of cloths, hair, grass and other assets move beautifully through the surrounding air and space of the area and resembles previous works of Okazaki.Character DesignThe characters in Furi are designed in ways that support their abilities, like flight or diving. Every character looks unique and dedicates appearance towards their respective environments. The main protagonist you control is designed as someone mysterious and shows features of a cross between a human and cyborg of some sort. The Voice can be seen as another ominous member of the universe and reflects the appearance of a purple bunny.His daughter's stuffed animal.All together, the characters are creatively crafted and show a lot of care and passion from the development team at Game Bakers.Furi: Final VerdictIn the end, Furi is by far one of the most intensely entertaining games I've played in a long time, showing creativity, fun combat, and great replayability for those who choose to improve their skills. I've beaten the game multiple times already, and I still yearn to keep on playing-improving every single time I do so.I give Furi a 9.5/10, a near perfect game that really should be enjoyed by fans of hectic, action-packed games that require constant attention and focus. Bonus points for making me feel like a badass.The Jailer is the key. Kill him, and you will be free.~The Voice"
76561198034053556,Recommended,423230,31891680,Posted: 21 May,all,Pizza Faced Turbo Virgin,Thumbs up
76561198047864195,Recommended,423230,24529951,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,BigDickBazuso,"Whew, what a thrilling ride.After beating Furi, I looked around my room and was amazed at how cluttered it was with broken controllers, smashed monitors and my own hair that I ripped out. What a mess!Indeed, Furi is not for those who give up easily, as this game will mess you up. You are an unnamed mute warrior and you've been imprisoned by Guardians - now, you have to escape and kill them all to set yourself and your bunny-head wearing helper free. Each Guardian is a unique boss, with unique aesthetic and fighting style. And they damn well should be - the game has nothing BUT these bosses. It's really different from your usual games, as it is basically a boss rush game. But don't be fooled - just because there are no mooks to stay in your path doesn't mean it's gonna be easy.The pros of this game, in my opinion, are its visuals, which are colorful, vibrant and just darn weird, as well as its difficult but rewarding gameplay. In some games, you get satisfaction by beating a boss because of story reasons - in this game, you get satisfaction by beating the boss for your own revenge, since that muthatrucker been effing you over for the past half an hour.It's all up to learning patterns and your own instincts. However, as a con I'd state that sometimes, the controls seem unresponsive - you timed your parry just right, and you still get hit. This is immensily frustrating, but it doesn't happen that often, and might be the result of my brain not reacting fast enough.I'll definitely recommend Furi to everyone who enjoys a good challenge, as well as fans of clutch boss battles. If you need a game to make you feel like a legit samurai-ninja badass, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,423230,24950872,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Les neyegers,This game is not easy
76561198010093992,Recommended,423230,26378798,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Shredder,"It took a second to click with me but I am now having a ton of fun with Furi and might go for 100% achievement completion.  This is extremely rare - I often try to accomplish particularly fun/hard/interesting achievements or goals but rarely am motivated enough to go for all of them.If you have any interest in Furi from the trailers or if you enjoy fast-paced action/bullet-hell games I can't recommend this one enough.EDIT: even though everyone seems to think it is impossible I have done fine with m+kb controls, I'm sure I'm at a disadvantage but it is definitely doable, and when you have as little time to fit in gameplay as I do it is hard to lug around a controllor."
,Recommended,423230,34862410,Posted: 10 September,all,Rotav,"Underrated gem, however it is not for everyone. This is one of those games that has not been made for a lot of people to like, rather for a few people to love. If you like action games, games with difficulty curves that require you to master it or bullet hell games, you're likely to love this game as much as I did.The game's length varies dependent on how good you are, normally between 4-8 hours but I definately recommend playing through the game twice once you unlock the higher difficulty mode as it changes the movesets of the bosses rather than a simple damage value changed to add difficulty.The main gripes I have with this game is the lackluster storyline which is a little dull and uninteresting in my opinion, and some moves seem a little unfair (e.g. on Furier difficulty some of the ""red pie chart"" attacks have safe zones that are incredibly hard and tight to get into with just one dodge). I also wish that there was some way to skip the walking sections because they're fine the first time you watch them, but are quite dull if you decide to replay (luckily there's an auto-walk button but you still need to watch the entire sections every time you replay).If you decide to purchase this game MAKE SURE YOU BUY THE FURI + DLC BUNDLE! This is because it's not very expensive to buy the game with the DLC add-on and is definately worth the small extra asking price for what the DLC gives. Also, the soundtrack is insanely good, but you probably know that already.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,423230,33070355,Posted: 30 June,all,braccoon,"A fun, unique take on a bullet hell game. The bossfights and scenery we're well designed which kept me hooked on to the game. The gameplay was executed in a beautiful manner giving the player many functions whilst having simple controls to learn. I'd recommend any fan of bullet hell games to pick up Furi! :D"
,Recommended,423230,26953457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DepressionBorn,This game is actually Perfect
76561198065854351,Recommended,423230,31711110,Posted: 12 May,all,Captain DoodleShvanz,"TL;DR Fast, rewarding combat with cool varied, attacks and bosses. Camera struggles a little. Slightly unpolished. Overall, still really good.A fast-paced twin-stick shooter meets old-school top-down action. Fun and frenetic, yet similarly expected, much like an old-school SNES boss fight. Personally, I really like the art-style. It's pretty much a more futuristic version of Afro Samurai. I'm almost certain the main narrator is the actor from Shogun Assassin, one of the Masters of Death, and that is freakin awesome. It may be an impersonation of that voice, either way, I dig it.Combat works in stages. First, a wide-angle that is the main bullet-hell section. Here, you'll have a mix of up-close and bullet-hell style attacks from the enemy. They can be parried for a little health, but it also risks being hit. Once that life bar is drained, you move into a close-up section. This plays with circling inside a fixed area. Normally something I detest, but the samurai style and the flow make it work quite well. It has a circle, block, parry feel of sword fighting without being inundated in lame animations that take away control.The bosses have repititive attacks like in older games, but they can still be taken down with reflexes given the skill. They have about 5 ""life boxes"", but it varies. Each box lost gets progressively harder, until their final box, which is basically a hail mary effort you need to defend. Each time you defeat both stages, wide-angle and close, your health is refilled by two boxes. Sounds bizzare, but I've found it works great.It forces you to make a good run when damaging their life bar. While, also giving you a fair shot overall with enough health refills for success or sklil. My only real complaint so far is the camera on the close-in sections. I find that sometimes the dodging is stifled by their radius attacks, the one that turns red. Sometimes, you can't spot the safezone because of the camera, and that's frustrating. You take a hit, not because you dodged improperly, but because the safezone is out of sight of the camera.Overall, a worthwhile experience for anyone that likes old-school grindy boss battles, they've been given a new gloss with kickass future samurai action. Definitely, a cool take on a classic formula."
,Recommended,423230,33905780,Posted: 30 July,all,Pesky Bee,"Great gameAmazing soundtrackVery hard, but the good difficulty type, the one which is fair and can be masteredThe story is really interesting. The dialogues are excelent. The narative is very well told, there are 2 types of sections fighting and walking. The combat sections are boss-only, after every boss there is a walking section through a surealist, and very beautiful, environment thats when the amazing sets of dialogues are playedI have only one issue with this game, the character desing of the protagonist. It doesn´t look bad♥♥♥♥♥at all, even tough his actions and lack of words tell the opposite. Thats it, the only flaw of the entire gameIf it was up to me, he would wear a mask that cover his entire faceNever the less an epic gameIndeed this is trully a masterpiece. One of the most underated games avaible to buy on steam"
,Recommended,423230,24285958,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sheepmeister-Trytys,Amazing combat and amazing music aswell.
,Recommended,423230,24116517,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BigMac Condom™,"This game was freaken amazing highly recommended warning this game will punch you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥.. or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ you know whatever a few million times.Beautiful character design with entertaining voice acting and an amazing sound track which all comes along with the challenge, boy are you in for one.Just know that its a boss only game so thats it no collecting no searching for stuff bosses only with an awesome story too!10/10"
76561197990824434,Recommended,423230,24161106,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Oscar,A bit short for it's price but really good gameplay and interesting scenario for a boss rush game.
,Recommended,423230,29871105,Posted: 12 February,all,Not Game Pub,Advantages:1)Great soundtrack.2)Beautiful style.3)Three endings.4)Simple and pleasant control.5)Interesting gameplay.6)Each enemy is unique.Controversial:1)Veeeeeeeeeery challenging opponents.Disadvantages:1)I broke my gamepad :с12/10 GoTY 2k16 c:
76561198058974150,Recommended,423230,30689956,Posted: 23 March,all,LeZero™,"Mechanics and combat incredibly smooth, responsive and very challenging at times(Even in Furi(Normal) Difficulty). Story, voice actors and soundtrack very engaging. Had a blast!"
,Recommended,423230,25676471,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mides,"This game seemed really good, so I decided to give it a go.And even though I can get a little angry sometimes, I was sure that nothing would happen to me.Casualties, losses and smashings:- A controller.- A screen, broken by the abovementionned controller.- A left hand, caused by the destruction of that screen.- My will to live.Winnings:- A great soundtrack.- Some skill.10/10 would absolutely rage again."
,Recommended,423230,24114306,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ragnz,Excellent hack and slash with frantic gameplay. Will keep you on the edge of your seat (just tap  A/X once on the walking segments ) you can thank me later =D
,Recommended,423230,29573407,Posted: 29 January,all,Delicate Cherry Blossom,The narrated walking sequences between fights offer a much-needed chance to calm yourself down.
,Recommended,423230,24108954,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Skryt,"Fluid movement, responsive combat, actually difficult at times and you need to learn enemy movement patterns. Imagine like... Dark Souls boss battles with way more depth to them combined with bullet hell situations at times.Beastly soundtrack by some of the best retrowave/synthwave/neo 80's artists available and fantastic art direction by the creator of Afro Samurai. Go watch that too. It's got Samuel god damned Jackson (Afro Samurai, that is). Not only does the game control well but it looks ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Can't comment on the longevity of the game as it is just boss fights but I'd imagine they ramp up in difficulty and there's replayability in extra difficulties. Each boss fight seems to take ten to fifteen minutes to finish, provided you don't die. You'll probably die a few times. They're all unique in the way they move, attack and engage, some being incredibly elusive whilst others are all up in your♥♥♥♥♥♥Please buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198140583049,Recommended,423230,24144923,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chronoz,"This game has awesome visuals, an amazing soundtrack, and fast-paced combat. I suggest taking a look at this game."
76561198193748329,Recommended,423230,33768212,Posted: 24 July,all,ShadowsoldierJO,"This game is so good, it should be a crime"
76561198035014834,Not Recommended,423230,28929405,Posted: 1 January,all,Smoker the White Hunter,"It's a decent game. The combat is fairly entertaining, and that's coming from someone who doesn't normally play bullet-hell games. You're encouraged to parry attacks to both heal and create openings for you to attack, learn boss attack patterns and hit timings. OST is ok, but I did like the song near the endwhen you're walking on the planet after The Beat. However, that being said, I absolutely cannot recommend this game, and don't see how others can call it one of the best games of the year. These are the main things that prevent me from liking this game;I beat the game my first time through in under 4 hours. I know the game is $20 not on sale, but honestly, sub 4 hour gameplay is dreadful.The plot is sickeningly bad. You see all these other people praising its wonderful story, but guess what. It is practically non-existent. For a brief summary:You're a ""murderer"" in prison up in some planets orbit. You get the help of a bunny guy to kill all the jailers and escape. You reach the planet below. Boom, credits roll. After the credits, you run around and find a mech suit thing that launches you up into space to YOUR ALIEN MOTHERSHIP(???). You decide to conquer the planet, or engage in the final boss fight and destroy your creator. You zip back down to the planet. End of the game. At some point, you also learn that the bunny guy helping you was one of the jailers, but he was stuck there, too, that's why he helped you.Some of the bosses are INCREDIBLY annoying. Say the boss has 6 phases. You do the first 4 phases perfect, no hits taken. Then the final phase just obliterates you. Then you have to go through the first 4 phases that are incredibly easy and take 5+ mins just to try the final 2 phases again. If you're gonna make it hard, make all the phases hard. Not super easy then just screw you over on the last one.Between the bosses, you have to WALK to the next one. There are no other enemies or cutscenes. Just bosses. They even implemented an auto walk feature, so you just auto walk and wait like 8 minutes to get to the next boss. Who thought of that? Just make like a 1 minute cutscene transition or something.The close ups are not very well done, especially your characters hair. I am under the assumption the creators tried too hard to make him ""cool"" and it failed miserably. His sword is cool, that's about all he has going for him.That is honestly all the game is. Kill a boss. Watch your character walk for 5-10 mins to next boss. Repeat. There's 9 bosses I think? Maybe 10?Basically, if you got a few bucks to throw away and enjoy ~10 minute boss fights, go for it. But objectively speaking, this game is a definite pass. I'd give it a solid 6/10."
,Recommended,423230,24693223,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,0RLy?!,"- woke up in chains and somehow managed to get rid of them- realized im in some sort of a crazy prison world and to get out i have to kill every jailer in the prison- the first jailer wants to put me back in chains but i somehow managed to beat him- managed to defeat the next two jailers and they already getting more crazy- all in all i have no problems to beat them and it gets pretty boring- i finally overcome the last one of them- i am free- managed to get home- booted up my pc and saw the game furi on steam- now there is a real challenge and im having a blast!11/10, but i probably would give it a 12"
,Recommended,423230,24377784,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Heneha,The game that finally broke my left thumbstick.And I didn't even notice.
,Recommended,423230,28354916,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Ridiculous Rav,"Furi is probably one of my favorite games that has come out in a while, and that's saying something. I wasn't fanatical about Dark Souls 3, I'm not a big fan of FFXV, and I've gotta say this game just blows me out of the water.The fights are intense. The characters have very distinct personalities, and as they whoop your♥♥♥♥♥you'll develop a fierce rivalry with each and every one of them. The cast is well-fleshed out, very distinct and vibrant. While none of them are given names in-game, they're all extremely identifiable.I beat the game on the Furi difficulty, and I'm currently trying it on Furier. The game says that it is meant to be played with a gamepad, but I disagree with that statement. The bullet hell segments are much more fluid with a mouse and keyboard I find, but that's just me. I hate using controllers to play video games on PC, and your tastes might differ.The movement is very fluid and responsive, and whenever you die it's usually not cheesy (save for one boss segment on Furier difficulty that I have since beat, but have no desire to replay) and entirely based on your own fault.The only issue I can bring against this game is the close-quarter-combat segments. In a game where your main character is a cyber-samurai, swordfighting is a really big deal. Parrying, riposting and dodging are all really well executing in the running bullet-hell mode, but in CQC dodging the ""sweep"" attacks where an enemy targets an area is a bit annoying because of how dashes in this game work.In CQC mode, you have no indicator as to where your dash will take you, unlike in bullethell mode. This means that when an area is marked to be attacked, you'll often end up right inside the edge of the safe zone, right in front of the bosses face, or entirely in the wrong area just because the dash will over or under shoot the place you want to go. Sometimes bosses will reposition themselves because they're on the edge of an arena, giving you not enough time to move closer to them so you can do a safer dash. To be honest, sweep attacks weren't enough of an issue for me to gripe about until one particular boss later on in the game on the extra-hard Furier difficulty (unlocked after you complete the game once).To be honest, I still don't have any idea if the dash in CQC mode is centered around the enemy or the player because of how inconsistent it is with my inputs.I still love Furi, but after I've been doing the same boss for the last hour and wiping every time I'm unlucky enough to not properly dodge the same sweep attack for an hour because my dash does not send me where I want to go, even though I know this bosses moveset inside and out is really irking me.Buy Furi though, it's a really good game and I can't put everything I love about it into a review, I can only put the one little thing that I absolutely hate."
76561197995346472,Recommended,423230,28871293,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Krey77,Super fun. Challenging. Rewarding. Short.This game is like:- Shadow of The  Colossus - It's all boss fights.- A bullet-hell game - Long range combat forces you to be aware of your surroundings while the screen is being covered by bullets.- Dark Souls - In terms of difficulty/reading enemy movements and learning patterns.Very well made and challenging game with a great soundtrack.   PLAY IT.
,Recommended,423230,24747042,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Werld warr 2,"Now this. This is a video game. Fast-paced, fun, difficult, rewarding, beautiful, and wonderful music to please your ear canals; It's the full package. As a fan of Hack n' Slashes and Touhou, this is the game for me (and for you as well). I highly recommend this game with all my heart."
,Recommended,423230,28976337,Posted: 3 January,all,Sir Nutalot,"All in all, this is a great game with some not so minor flaws.+The visuals, the soundtrack and both enviromental and character design are top notch.+The fighting gameplay is always tense and it feels great to land a good combo and to analyse the enemy.+Contrary to what many people say, it is definetely possible to defeat the bosses on your first try ( with one exception ).+The walking segments inbetween worked for me, but I can understand if someone didn't like them. I feel that they are    very much needed to create at least some kind of build-up for the bosses. I would have loved the narrator / guide to be more specific and really tell the player about them, he ends up saying a lot of nonsenical, way too vague things. The enviroments introduced throuhg these walking segments are beautiful though and sometimes even ""react"" to the music played.+The story introduced in the end is pretty neat and explains pretty much every question about the protagonist. The game's focus is obviously not on the narrative, so I think it's fine that the story only picks up at the end.+The skill curve is great. On your first try, you will struggle against bullet and movement patterns and be very cautious, but after I beat the game I noticed how easy it can be outplay their patterns and hit them with charged attacks in between their moves.-First off, the boss order just seems wrong. The third boss is one of the most difficult bosses in the game, while the eigth one is incredibly easy for plot reasons; which is fine in general, but shouldn't be this late. The fight would have been much more impactful if it was one of the earlier ones.-Personally, I think the game could have been a bit more difficult. It took me 3 hours to beat the game, and after the 4th boss I didn't need any second tries ( except the last boss ). Some fights just didn't seem epic or varied enough.- The dodge is executed on button release, not on button press, which just doesnt work. It leads to the player failing a lot of dodges they have done perfectly, and the long dash is just never worth the hassle of charging it up ( I never used it once after the tutorial ). This could have been solved by a simple option that lets the player rebind the long dash to another key.- Minor thing; If you play the game with keyboard and mouse ( as I did ) you NEED to set the target mode to ""Screen"" and the Movement mode to ""Directional"". The default options are stupidly bad ( they are kind of trying to emulate the gamepads joystick, which doesn't work at all and makes dodging confusing and nigh impossible ) and should'nt be like that. The game was however, perfectly playable without a gamepad after I changed these options.It's a stylish game that feels great and left me wanting more, greater fights and it deserves a lot more attention.Keep in mind that you will probably need a lot more time than 3 hours to beat it if you aren't experienced in bullet-hell games. The game also features a boss rush mode and a higher difficulty that unlocks after beating the game, which greatly changes the enemy movesets."
,Recommended,423230,24386316,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Wishmaster,"Pros-Fun, intense combat/bullet-hell sequences-Great soundtrack-Basically neon soaked Afro Samurai-Balanced, very fair difficulty curveCons-Kinda short-The story, while interesting, is pretty sparse until the latter halfIf you're looking for a challenging-but-rewarding action game then I really have to say it's worth the $25 if you have it"
76561198037891993,Recommended,423230,24704173,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The Perfect Gentleman,"Fantastic game, a must play.It defitnally takes some skill and practisce to be able to beat a boss but each boss has their own unique styles of fighting and look.The gameplay is very fluid and fun to play. Combat is easy to pick up and hard to master.It reminded me a lot of Afro Samuria a game where the boss fights are really good but the rest is a little meh, while this game cuts straight to the chase of imersing you in a world full of boss fights and mystery.Furi is a game which starts off on a high and does not stop until you drop."
76561198024735781,Recommended,423230,25336579,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sir Bubblekitten,"TL;DRBasically if you enjoy Dark Souls then get this game. If you don't, get the soundtrack. It's worth it.I love this game.Furi is a mix of Dark Souls and Bullet Hells, with a soundtrack that is both incredible and varied.Seriously go listen to ""Wisdom of Rage"" and then buy the soundtrack for you, your friends, your mom, your dog, everyone you know. They'll all thank you.Furi is similar to Shadow of the Colossus in that there is nothing but boss fights - there are a total of 9 boss fights (with 1 hidden), each with their own personalities, stages, attack styles, and patterns. Learning these patterns is absolutely critical to beating them, and again, if you've played Dark Souls, this should be pretty familiar to you.You have a sword and a gun, and can parry any attack with a white flash (though that is not the timing to parry btw).You have 3 life bars, and every time you die you start this part of the boss fight over (Boss fights are usually 3-6 stages, think Final Fantasy) and if you die 3 times you start completely over.This of course is a game that will frustrate the ♥♥♥♥ out of you, and its designed to. Similar to Dark Souls, if you don't earnyour way through a boss, you're not going through. Again similar to Dark Souls, the feeling of finally getting through this boss is incredible, and the soundtrack is perfect for each fight.The story is alright but neither the point nor particularly focused on.Basically if you enjoy Dark Souls then get this game. If you don't, get the soundtrack. It's worth it."
,Recommended,423230,25951867,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sinical,"Amazing game along the lines of DMC/platinum games. It's just boss battles whick makes it relatively short if you only want to play it through once, but there's enough replayability in it for me to get more than my moneys worth."
76561198033822264,Recommended,423230,30314615,Posted: 4 March,all,L@starN,"This game is fantastic! The combat is really flowing well, and intresting mechanics. Even though it is a ""boss-only"" game they still manage to tell a great story through cut scenes. 10/10"
,Recommended,423230,24371911,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,WhoArts,"Awesome gameplay, enemies aren't very hype though."
,Recommended,423230,24360657,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gonzorii,"This game is Hard, it will kill you over and over again. But just like Dark Souls the greatness of destroying a Boss once killed by that Boss fifteen times is unparelleled, and pair that with an amazing sound track and cool inspiring graphic style? This is a game I'd recommend any day of the week."
76561198077884996,Recommended,423230,31779818,Posted: 15 May,all,youngsnake88,"games like this are timeless, this game could come out back in the day in arcade or in the future and would still be great, bullet hells are some of the first good games around. when they are made well it can touch a very primitive anchent gamer part of your spirit. i have always felt deeply moved by great bullet hell games of the past, playing this game makes me feel young again. reminds me of another time.its new and fresh and doesnt feel like another game, yet makes me feel like ive already build a relationship with it. i love this game. if you love gradius, loaded, perodius, smash tv, sin and punishment, or even asteroids you will love half of this game, now if you love boss fights and samurai jack fights, and also love ""git gud"" games youll love the other half. i love both. very highly recomend. if i would have played this on ps1 or n64 this would have been a nistolgia game for me. games will begin and end with bullet hells."
76561198047353288,Recommended,423230,24404896,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Angsthas3,"I´ve beaten the game on normal difficulty and I absolutely recommend this game to everyone who loves a little challengePro: - fast, responsive and satisfying gameplay, the combat is just amazing- incredible soundtrack & good voice acting result in a unique atmosphere- npc´s and story are the right kind of odd- multiple endings- intresting and diverse boss mechanics- the bosses look distinct but it´s not comparable to DS boss design- perfect for short sessions (just kill one boss in 0.5-2hours)Con:- not that amazing for longer sessions ( beeing on high alert and pumped up can get pretty tiering. Wouldn´t recommend to beat more than 1 boss per session)- you have to unlock the highest difficulty for some reason- the game will take between 4-11 hours to beat depending on how familiar one is with these kind of games and how skilled one is and wich ending one chooses- you have to learn the controls from the menu ( the ""tutorial"" boss won´t teach you every move. That´s a♥♥♥♥♥♥move. You´ll believe you know everything but you don´t)"
76561198044827579,Recommended,423230,32869802,Posted: 27 June,all,Rectoplasmie,I enjoyed dying again and again just to listen the soundtrack.11/10
76561198002928876,Recommended,423230,32933180,Posted: 28 June,all,Lobster,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,423230,32870810,Posted: 27 June,all,R14 InFamous Spartan,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is Lit af, bossrush/bullet hell and a good touch on the music with excellent picks of music artists and that changes based on the bosses and the phases they're in.it just makes it this game worth getting,Buy their soundtrack to hear all of its OST in its full crispy HD glory, and the DLC for extra playtime and honing your skills on parrying or timed hits to conquer the Furier Difficulty where its the Ultimate challenge for this game."
,Recommended,423230,28939497,Posted: 2 January,all,Muddah Merkel,If you like to die this is the game for you...
,Recommended,423230,25031746,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,5-R,P. good.
,Recommended,423230,33266352,Posted: 5 July,all,Speech-hime,This game made me realize I have the reflexes of a snail. I hope I git gud eventually.10/10 soundtrack
76561198078213763,Recommended,423230,33215757,Posted: 3 July,all,Beyonder,"Furi is a fast paced bossfight game that revolves heavily around timing.Pros:-Gameplay-Soundtrack-You can choose from English and Japanese voice acting-Badass protagonist and bosses-Feels rewardingCons:-Unskippable cutscenes during bossfights (It's a bit frustrating when the cutscene lasts longer than your lifebar during the certain phase LUL)-It's a bit shortIt was a fun experience , looking forward to another game like this."
,Recommended,423230,33229277,Posted: 4 July,all,Phallic Chariot,"In 'Furi' you enter the role of an unnamed male suffering an uncommon complex reffered to as a 'furry'. Dealing with the cruel prejudice society places on this peculiar niche, you as the player must navigate through a variety of terrain and enemies to reach a satisfying conclusion and crush the status quo. 'Furi' masterfully uses all its assets to enrich its environments and boss battles with deep and meaningful symbolism, pushing the message in a deeper level without cramming it down your throat. To conclude, 'Furi' has changed the way in which i view these 'furries' making me empathise with them on a much more deeper level. 10/10 would cry again.P.S. Furi is actually a wonderful game with deep and rewarding gameplay accompanied by a solid soundtrack which is really intuned with the environment and character design. I would recommend this game for anyone who has enjoyed previous titles such as: 'Dark Souls', 'Hyper Light Drifter', and 'Nier'. While I will admit this game is a unique beast it draws a lot of similarities to the previously mentioned titles."
76561198059582025,Recommended,423230,33067195,Posted: 30 June,all,Bloempje,"Intimate combat. Great game until boss #8, sniper defends the ending too well."
76561198249142264,Recommended,423230,33020300,Posted: 29 June,all,Nov44 ツ,Masterpiece.
76561198095276378,Recommended,423230,28883055,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Prismism,"I do not typically write reviews, but I feel that this game deserves it. At the time of writing this, I have beaten the game once on the normal difficulty (Furi difficulty).Quick rundown is as follows:Things I like about it- Soundtrack varies from pensive or mysterious to intense. The music always felt like it fit perfectly. The fights had my hands sweating and my heart rate up.- Learning the timings of each of the enemies felt somewhat similar to what I have experienced in Dark Souls games. Learning how to deal with everything was almost always rewarding. When I say almost, let me add that I don't count it as a bad quality that it wasn't always rewarding....- The gameplay and responsiveness in general is amazing. Dang does it look cool when you get a perfect parry.Things I don't like about it- It can feel a bit like the gameplay is driven by quick-time events at times. Personally I don't mind the way the game handles it as it still requires you to be quick. I know some people that won't play such a game, however, so I feel it is worth mentioning.- The whole experience is a little short if you just beat the game once. If you're someone that likes to 100% games though, have fun getting S rank on the hardest difficulty for everything!Your character is an absolute beast. What makes him so overpowered?... The player's skill..."
,Recommended,423230,32950512,Posted: 28 June,all,Zalzur,What is one of the best and epic things in video games? ...Boss fights! and this game is all about boss fights!I would recommend it for people who are looking for a real challenge.I wouldn't recommend this for people with anger management issues.Git gud simulator
,Recommended,423230,26935185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MentalEdge,"Spent 11 hours beating game, once I did, the game tells I have unlocked a new difficulty so that I can finally experience  a real challenge.Top speedrun is 30 minutes.Still trying to beat the new difficulty.I also enjoyed the story.The music is glorius.Game is somehow extremely beatiful while using a very low fidelity graphics style."
76561198041372673,Recommended,423230,32912129,Posted: 27 June,all,GlacialConker,"I originally picked this game up months ago and refunded it because I wasn't feeling it, but eveyone continued to talk about this game like it was the best thing since sliced bread. So I decided to pick it while it was on sale for $9.99 and give it another go. It actually caught me this time. For awhile, that is. I've seen people say that this is near perfect or something, but I can't agree with that at all. This game has some major flaws that I'm not sure anyone can ignore.First off, the combat is tight and doesn't have a ton of variation to it, but it's fun and difficult to master, which isn't a bad thing. You have a sword and a gun as offence, and parrying attacks to get special and just blocking attacks to get health back. It starts fairly easily as this game is entirely boss fights and walking sections. I had no problem with around the first 6 bosses. Then the game gets a werid difficulty spike for 2 bosses that sucks because the bosses have stages, and if you die, you go back to the first stage. Then the 9th boss is laughably easy followed a bullet hell boss that has a long and rather unfair last phase. Dying on the final stage of a boss more than once makes this game in(furi)ating, which is probably where is got it's name from.This game is around 5-6 hours and most of that playtime will be with 3 bosses that you'll get to the last stage of only to die and then restart the battle from scratch. I do really want to like this game more, it has an excellent soundtrack, visuals, combat is fun when it's not a bullet hell(bullet hells aren't my thing, you might feel differently), but it really has some balancing problems. I still like the game, but not as much as I thought I would. I guess I recommend it, but it seems to me that if you're more into casual or even wanting to dabble in hard games, the difficulty might prove too much even on just normal."
,Recommended,423230,29726287,Posted: 5 February,all,Rismosch,"This game is pretty difficult and I like it.This game is all about combat, nothing more. In the first fight you learn everything you need for all the others, yet you need to adapt and relearn every new boss. The different attackstyles and patterns keep you on your toes and every boss needs to be mastered completely new. The athmosphere is amazing and so is the music.But that's not the only thing you'll get. Once you beat the game you unlock Furier Difficulty, which is basically hard mode. The pattern and attacks of each boss change and you need to remaster everything you've learned so far. You need to react faster and become a better player in general. It's amazing and thrilling if you like difficult games.But once you get good at it, I find it too forgiving. The game has a rating system that rates you depending on how fast you've beaten the boss and how many times you've been hit. ""S"" is the best rating, yet I got it in the Story Run in Furier Difficulty with about 150 hits, which is miserable in my opinion; it could be way lower. I was surprised when the game told me that my run was worthy of the best rank. It was literally my second run. Of course I got the worst rating in my first run, but that I got the best in the second run was very surprising. The game is very forgiving for small mistakes.But my biggest complaint about the game is that there is no Speedrun Mode for the Furier Difficulty. I've beaten the game multiple times and wanted to play the Speedrun Mode at the very last. Thus I got very experienced in it. I thought the Speedrun Mode is the hardest thing this game has to offer, because you will battle each boss one after each other without story or anything else. I was dissapointed that the Speedrun Mode was only available in easy and not in furier. If the developer is still updating this game, then I wish for a more difficult Speedrun Mode.In a nutshell, this game is amazingly difficult and a must play for everyone who likes hard games. But once you play it many many times and you become good at it, it starts to become too easy. I expected to recieve good ratings for a perfect run, not a mediocre one. Also the Speedrun Mode is not available in Furier Difficulty, which is really dissapointing."
76561198081497734,Recommended,423230,32911682,Posted: 27 June,all,UndeadSlayer,"Furi is an overhead bullet hell/fighter game with the focus on bosses. The game uses many different mechanics to create an incredibley fun experience. Warning to those out there who don't really enjoy a challenge because this game is fairly punishing. The most challenging part is the length at which some bosses will last. They can last up to 10+ minutes and have 3-6 phases. The game is merciful enough however to give you 3 lives which can be restored by beating a phase and many opportunities to get health back.Pros:- The combat is extremely responsive and a lot of fun. The variety of ways you can move, shoot, and slash really makes the boss fights exilerating.- Bosses in Furi are the main focus so they better be good. Thankfully they are done very well. Each boss is unique in appearance and offer fights that will keep you guessing. One boss might be ranged focused while the other could use only melee. I don't want to spoil any fights but each boss gets their own crazy phases and abilities that they bring to the table.- The soundtrack. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THE SOUNDTRACK. Several different artists contributed to the music for the areas and bosses in Furi. The music can really bring out the energy in each fight to make it truely epic.here's an example if you're curioushttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ5gtInauiI- Visually the game has a very strikingly beautiful style. It was done by the same guy who did Afro Samurai and it really shows here.- The story can be seen as a negative for some because it isn't really explained in detail. You are left to figure it out by yourself through dialogue and context clues. Fortunatley I'm a big fan of stories like this so I see it as a plus.- Decent replay value thanks to the speedrun mode and ""Furier"" difficulty. The higher difficulty level will actually change up all the bosses attacks to be different and harder to avoid, opposed to just having attacks do more damage and giving the boss more health.Cons:- Some visuals in the game can be quite distracting at times, such at the main character's hair or some of the facial animations. They aren't too terrible for using Unity and being made by a smaller team so it's not too bad, but can get distracting at times. Fortunatley it's an overhead fighting game so you'll rarely notice- There are a few boss mechanics here and there that can feel unfair. There's only a few but it definitely frustrated the hell out of me a couple times.- The most difficult topic for me is game length. The problem here is how quickly you can beat the game. I finished it in a little over 4 hours, but I've seen some people take up to 9 hours because of the challenge presented. I got the game on sale so 4 hours for $10 is acceptable, but $20 feels maybe a little high. I will say though that this game is an amazingly condensed experience and stretching out the game to be longer probably would just end up hurting it. Also, the replay value I mentioned earlier could add some play time if you cared to try it out.Overall I found the game to be a joy to play and can't wait to see if the devs are planning on making any other games. The combat, bosses, soundtrack, visuals, and story really hold this game up above the competition and provides an experience unlike any other.*Final Verdict: 8.5/10*"
,Recommended,423230,32794559,Posted: 25 June,all,Kitty,"Great game, fun fights and best with a controller unless you can flail your mouse fast enough to dodge."
,Recommended,423230,32951905,Posted: 28 June,all,Largahblarga,"Bullet Hell + Character Action, though the mechanics from both are simplified a bit to make the mix work. Amazing soundtrack and art design/aesthetic. Difficult but (99% of the time) fair challenges. Story is reasonably well written. If you're the kind of player with something to prove, have at it."
,Recommended,423230,33130980,Posted: 2 July,all,Tigerwaw,"This is the first time in a while that I have been completely blown away by a game within the first minute of starting it. Everything about Furi is incredible, the gameplay, the music, the level design, and the characters. After the first five minutes I knew this was going to become one of my favorites that I'm going to revisit often."
,Recommended,423230,32954979,Posted: 28 June,all,keinschimer,Great Game
,Recommended,423230,32886699,Posted: 27 June,all,Finney,10/10
76561198007621697,Recommended,423230,24348305,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mucuroz,"I'm not all the way through the game quite yet, but something mentioned in a review I read has been made more and more apparent as I've gotten further into the game. This game is hard. No one is denying that. It even says on the difficulty you're almost required to play on that the game is going to be challenging. I love a good challenge in a game, but some of the fights are designed in ways to be hard in more of a frustrating manner and less of a fun one.The first boss is meant as a training boss to get you used to the controls and how to fight, but he's beyond a joke and his moves are extremely telegraphed and obvious after seeing them once or twice. Almost all of the rest of the bosses are nothing like this. Many have multiple attack patterns that are not anticipatable until they decide to continue further in the pattern, seemingly randomly. There is also a delay on the dash(how you avoid attacks) that doesn't really add anything at all to the gameplay other than adding a need to anticipate an attack that isn't really possible to anticipate.All in all, the game isn't bad, but it's nothing too impressive either. ""Frustrating hard"" is very rarely, if ever, the same as ""fun hard"""
,Recommended,423230,33323490,Posted: 6 July,all,Pyromaniaddict Pat,"To keep it short, hands down one of the best games I've played. Everything is so well handled from design to soundtrack to gameplay to story. It's tough, and challenging, but it's rewarding as well. Design is great with every character feeling boldly different from the last. The soundtrack is handled by multiple artists to accommodate the multiple bosses and themes. Gameplay is difficult, with bosses taking anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours depending on your skill, but there's a learning curve to it where one playthrough of the game you can handle earliler bosses like nothing. It's a hard game, but it's fair, and more then doable. There's even replayability factor with different game modes and difficulties,and for the completionist, multiple endings.Granted, given the difficulty, and fact it is a boss rush game, it's certainly not for everyone. But it's certainly worth a try, even more so on sale, and the soundtrack is certainly worth a buy if you like it enough. All in all, great game, and as if it's worth your time, I can't speak for everyone, but the first boss was certainly a good gauge of how much I'd like the rest of the game, and it only went up from there."
76561198232979232,Recommended,423230,30537007,Posted: 15 March,all,Sidetrackx,"Let me first say that none of the positive reviews speak of this games difficulty and its a hard game.I saw this and thought I would love this but it hits right at the start with a difficult fight, you need to be all jacked upon red bull and rockstar energy drinks to keep up with this game, I'm not kidding so if you dont have fast handsand accurate block pressing on top of aiming with the right analog, this becomes a rage simulator.Timing is key cause you block B button last for 1 sec, so if your too early or too late you just get punished!I spent 45 mins punishing myself playing this, I dont have the reflexes you demand from me, give me back my moneyI hate this!! I dont want to spend hours mastering how to fight the first guy, why are you punishing me?This game is a bullet hell, hack and slash, quick time event that hates you and demands you dedicate your time and soulto have a good time.I recommend this but i warn you that if you dont like a game built on difficult gameplay, and this one is heavilybuilt on it, your wasting money here for sure, This is a game you must master every fight, and have fast hands!"
,Recommended,423230,24378934,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,demi-fiend,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wd-vQl8HAj8&feature=youtu.beTL;DWIt's combines the basics of twin stick shmups and spectacle fighters to near flawlessly create a style that is a rarity.If you think the cyberpunky style and hardcore gameplay style is remotely interesting then I can strongly recommend to pick up this game full price or on sale.
,Recommended,423230,33600346,Posted: 16 July,all,polixu,A glorious game that pits your best against worthy opponents while listening to one of the best soundtrack out there.Not for the faint-hearted.
76561198035018438,Recommended,423230,31764783,Posted: 15 May,all,PeaceMeal,"I'm not usually a 'bullet hell' or 'fighter' fan. I'm not particularly gifted in reflexes or quick thinking. It took me quite a long time to beat the first boss (mainly because I couldn't work out how to do  a charged-slash... hold down the melee button guys), success on my 3rd go after working out actually how to do that. Shows this game is going to own me.Now on the second boss, 4 or 5 goes in... too early to write a review of the whole game?... probably. But I really do learn stuff every time I fight 'her'... I can see Victory just out of reach... but I will achieve it. I get knocked down... but I get up again.And that's the thing, it doesn't seem to be slamming my uncoordinated head against a brick-wall, with BS instant kill attacks because I'm not standing on the one safe pixel on the screen. Combat is 'so far' incrimental, considered, interesting and pretty much 'fair'. I will achieve Victory. But boy it's going to take me a while (need to get a bit better at blocking). Boss three, well that may be my end (but I'm reasonably confident that it won't be).Totally love the sound track, and the game's weird and somewhat disturbing look. I'll probably go through the story mode after I beat this boss... to wet my appetite to continue. But then I'll be back.. to the real stuff after that. Very few games have 'taunted' me as successfully as this one has to have one more go. Very few games have got me jumping out of my chair 'fist pumping' as this one has on a glorious well earned victory.I found the base price a bit high, to risk on a game I may not be able to play (and i ended up buying it at half-price). If you are even vaguely competant though... and don't mind learning from your own folly... get it, get it now. Sure some people will laugh at you for taking an hour and a half to take down the first boss... but truely who is greater? the person who can do it first time or the person who does it on the tenth? Be great!"
,Recommended,423230,28266332,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SlightEgo,"Spent a few hours playing this game.Makes you focus hard and forces the player to adapt to situations quickly. The attack patterns aren't too telegraphed and can be really frustrating.For that, I thank the game. Hitting a rough patch in life and need something to get my mind off of things. This game was the best pick up for that I could have gotten."
,Recommended,423230,31868103,Posted: 20 May,all,Oimetra,"I just realized I haven't reviewed this game... like wtf? Best game I've played in a long time, if you enjoy games that requrie skill and have an awesome sound track, what are you waiting for?"
76561197998098805,Recommended,423230,26702084,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,./turtool,"I have a love-hate relationship with this game.I love the atmosphere, the music, the visuals and the gameplay.The story is really lacking the ending was very mediocre.The hate comes from the controls and the colors.As someone who is red-green color blind, this game was such a struggle. It is so hard to see certain effects and there is a boss that seems to intentionally be trying to make it harder on color blind people (green on green on green on red).I find using a controller for this game horrendous due to the charging mechanics of dodge and striking. It means you have to pull and release triggers and will often get mis-interpreted resuling in a terrible match.I switched to the keyboard and had a major problem with dodge using the retacle to indicate where he should go. Luckily I found from the forums this can be changed in the setting to ""directional"" dodging.Beyond this, the way mechanics in this game change depending on the phase is rediculous. When doing an arena phase, for some reason the dodge is now a circular direction instead of just using the quadrants like the rest of the game.There is also inconsistent input lag that can result in moves you can't physically do anything about."
,Recommended,423230,31761530,Posted: 14 May,all,retracicle,This is the best single player game I have ever played.
76561198036183501,Recommended,423230,31772431,Posted: 15 May,all,Carstoni,This is soooooo dayum good. Where to start. Bullethell mixed with a little ninja gaiden dark soulsesque parrying? Yes please. Buy now if you value your life.
76561198131241525,Recommended,423230,33069594,Posted: 30 June,all,IMBizMan,"I just LOVE this kind of game.  The feelings I get playing this game is similar to the one I had when I played Hyper Light Drifter.  Fast-paced, heart-pumping action with awesome music.  I had some problem with the dash early on but got used to the timing after playing it maybe for 10 minutes.  I also love the storyline and interactive cutscenes.  Great camera work.  So far I haven't really found anything bad about this game.  You will feel right at home if you liked Hyper Light Drifter, Ninja Gaiden and love techno, electro music."
,Recommended,423230,34748967,Posted: 4 September,all,trophytroll,"20 Hours in and 79% of the achievements proves that this is my favorite indie game of 2016.  Not to mention that I have the achievement for getting S rank on a playthrough.Actual bullet point reviewPros-Fun-Controls work-Replayable-Fun for speedrunning/streaming-It's its own game, nothing that comes to mind remotely similar.Cons-No cons in sight"
,Recommended,423230,24628946,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Abandonment Issue Enthusiast,Ever wanted a bullet hell hack n slash that consists of boss battles that is actually pretty good? Well of course you did otherwise you wouldnt be here obsessively reading all the reviews jerk
,Recommended,423230,24638762,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Rouen,"Are you looking for a fast and action filled game with a high difficulty? If yes GET THIS GAME!, however if you do not then do not buy this game because you will probably give up halfway through (if you even make it that far).The soundtrack is amazing, I loved every single one it made the epic battles much more epic and the walks with the Voice..over were the perfect time to appreciate a variety of soundtracks made to capture the feelings of each area.I give this game a 11/10 though it's probably a 12."
76561198011066456,Recommended,423230,24813153,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Davwe,"Great Challenge.  Great Soundtrack.  Great artstyle.  Definitely worth checking out, especially if it is on sale.  Short, but oh, so sweet.Side note: I only played on a controller, but I'd imagine that it is pretty much essential for this type of game."
,Recommended,423230,24961919,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Karkato,Furi is a pretty challenging bullet-hell hack 'n' slash game with amazing gameplay and amazing soundtrack. It's so good!
76561198071382515,Recommended,423230,24970469,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Masochist Master,"Haven't even beat the game, althouh close, and I am enjoying it thoroughly. Boss oriented game where all combat that takes place is against very challenging bosses. Difficult games can be tedious amd annoying, but this game is very well designed and challenging. Awesome retro/synthwave soundtrack that fits the atmosphere to a tee."
76561198081756867,Recommended,423230,25173583,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Weary,"This game has instilled in me, a deep fear of christmas lights and rave parties. It's a game That demands your very best, and will spank the crap out of you if you don't give it."
,Recommended,423230,25214353,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Shlotz,"One of the better games I've played in a long time.A creative deviation from the traditional twin-stick shooter, that feels more like Devil May Cry than Geometry Wars. Responsive controls and fluid gameplay make this game a solid 10/10."
,Recommended,423230,25216156,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Husky,"Insane stylish game with an incredible soundtrack and thought provoking story. Tough as nails to beat but great fun. It is an awesome fast paced bosh rush style game with a twist. I hear thunder, pitter-patter. Time to wake up."
76561198034198550,Recommended,423230,25461794,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kukuksumusu,"If you like difficult, multi-stage bosses in a fast paced fighting/bullet hell game and you OWN A CONTROLLER (and the graphics look pleasing to you) this game is 100% worth the money!The game is very, very easy to learn, but very hard to master :)I'm not sure how the game plays without a controller, but I imagine it wouldn't be as good as with one.Oh, and the soundtrack is simply amazing..."
,Recommended,423230,25503795,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,The_Purple_Lopunny,"This game is everything I ever wanted, if you like hard games but totally balanced this is the game for you. Starts off with a nice tutortial boss then it gets harder as you go, remember, dying is all part of the fun in this game!"
,Recommended,423230,33731200,Posted: 22 July,all,meme hitler,Furi is a game of absolute difficulty and perfecting every little thing you do just to shave off a quarter of a millisecond. yet is absolutely captivating by its art and story leaving you to wonder whats going to happen next and whether there will be a furi 2 or not.
76561198243491772,Recommended,423230,34476460,Posted: 25 August,all,sigurdsuuri,Very nice
,Recommended,423230,34587659,Posted: 29 August,all,Orange :^),"Looking for a no-holes barred, no hands held boss rush with a kick-*** soundtrack for around $20?Look no further!"
76561198039559264,Recommended,423230,24768587,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,darius180,"I don't review games often.  This is like a Dark SOuls Bullet Hell boss rush, modelled after Hyper Light Drifter.Get it, get the OST, and get your♥♥♥♥♥handed you repeatedly.  Glorious."
,Recommended,423230,34527804,Posted: 27 August,all,OOT! SHOOT!,"Crazy fun boss gauntlet that has you go through a series of challenging and memorable encounters while using a straightforward slash/shoot/dodge/parry combat system. The fights jump between melee and bullethell sections and both work surprisingly well together, making it really satisfying to progress further and get better. Music is on point, too."
76561198025541494,Recommended,423230,34887995,Posted: 11 September,all,ZenZeroX,"The gameplay is great but the story is still does not make any explanation of who, what, where, and why you are there. Also when I say the gameplay is great you need to master and learn when and where to use everything, and that where the game have some problem's that may make you not like the game to much is that it does not tell you that a skill you have, has a second uses. But I still like the game alot more than other games but there are problem's you will see in game. So if you do buy the game you need to be aware that there are problem's you will see right away. so if you don't like it, it's fine but remember that only a few people were able to do so much and hopefully that if the same people make a another game that they fix the problem's that are very clear to see that makes it bad to some people."
,Recommended,423230,34890845,Posted: 11 September,all,The 3rd Runner,"tl;dr France's apology for all the half-baked♥♥♥♥♥♥David Cage has put out since 1997. The animation does look a bit jank, given the low budget, but everything else is near-perfect. Astounding action game, ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.-Gameplay-Four simple moves (slash, gun, dodge, parry) make for a surprisingly in-depth combat system, built by character action aficionados for character action aficionados, meaning you can CANCEL ANYTHING INTO ANYTHING. The game itself can be completed with a basic grasp of those mechanics, but the skill ceiling and purpose-built speedrun strats are all there, and make the game look gorgeous when played in the right hands.""Excellence is not an art, it's an habit.""-Structure-So, this game alternates hi-octane, masterfully designed boss fights and...well...remember those bits in Samurai Jack where Jack slowly walks through those sick ambient backdrops? Yeah, that. The boss fight are 9 (+1 DLC) in total, but last from roughly one hour (your first 5 attempts) to 20 minutes (the near-perfect run you pull off after that one hour of attempts), so in terms of the first playthough's longevity you've got nothing to worry about, with -at least- 8 hours of gameplay, pretty standard length for a character action game.-Visuals & Sound-Ok, i'll be fair here: as stated above, the animations do look janky at times, that's french animation in general for ya. If you pay attention to that stuff, it might irk you more then a couple times, so be advised.Everything else though, from character and enviroment design to OST it's just pure bliss: character art from Takashi Okazaki (Mr. Afro Samurai) and a neon soaked yet kinda pounding synthwave OST by Kn1ght, Danger, Waveshaper, Lorn, Scattle and Carpenter Brut make for a sick ♥♥♥♥ing mix.So yeah, if you like character action games, synthwave and getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥PUSHED IN, this is the game for you, so go, buy it, GIT GUD and don't forget to have fun.Also yeah, learn how to parry by the time you reach boss 7, or you're in for some serious damage. He's a Vergil type, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,423230,35251472,Posted: 27 September,all,Ronin Prime,It's the best
,Recommended,423230,35195674,Posted: 24 September,all,exxwhyzed,"Difficult, but not painfully so (at least on normal difficulty) I liked the music and the style. Combat is static for the player, but the game makes up for it with a wide variety of evolving bosses. The story isnt the main focus of the game, but it's interesting nonetheless. ++soundtrack"
,Recommended,423230,25451972,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nihilists,Very fun game! Challenging gameplay as well as an awesome soundtrack to go with it.
76561198000689633,Recommended,423230,33709372,Posted: 21 July,all,Oneoverzero,"Overall Rating - SOLID BUY -  While marred by a couple of small flaws, this game is well worth your money and time, if you like challenging games that demand split second timing and bullet hell scenarios. The soundtrack will make you come back for more alone.Review:Very tough game. While overall it can be called fair, there are a couple of sections that lean a bit to the cheap hit side of things. The controls are wonderful. The camera angles, however, can get you hammered when they shift unexpectedly during the action. Since this game is so unforgiving, the camera issues can lead to frustration or the lose of a hit bar quite easily.This review may come off overly critical, but it is due to my love of the game. If a couple of small things had been ironed out, this would have been my favorite action and fighting game since Devil May Cry 3.This is also one of the few games that I would recommend for the soundtrack alone. When I was getting my butt handed to me on a plate by a boss, knowing that I would be able to listen to the awesome music some more kept me going more than once."
76561198028105878,Recommended,423230,25452118,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Steparnicus,"What a game.The Game Bakers definitely know how to make a good game.  Everything, from the controls to the boss designs, the music & the visuals all comes together for a massively satisfying experience.A perfect blend of bullet hell shmup and japanese-style character action.Games like this don't come along very often!  If you are a fan of twitchy, skill based games where you, the player, level up instead of an in game avatar, you owe it to yourself to play and master Furi."
76561198049313439,Recommended,423230,34780445,Posted: 6 September,all,Prototyler,"COME ON, give me something MEMORABLE! Something I can learn from, to make me BETTER!"
,Recommended,423230,35211689,Posted: 25 September,all,Mortemius Sumius,"This game, besides two very tiny nitpicks is perfect, in every sense of the word. It is one of they few, and the only i know of, game with difficulty based 100% on things you can control like small reaction windows and pattern recognition, and not on clunky game mechanics and pumped up numbers (Looking at you dark souls and warframe). The controls are tight and perfectly responsive, and the soundtrack lines up perfectly with the moods of each fight. The story, in a short and spoiler free manner is absolutely stunning with its implications and weight of what you decide.My two nitpicks are as follows.-The edges lips (Bad animation)-The surges seeming bugs (I might just be bad)Even taking into acount these nitpicks the game is a 10/10, in a very literal sense."
76561198063865247,Recommended,423230,24644799,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BattleBrite,"Furi is a game about fighting bosses.It's fun and challenging-The thing is, some of the challenging bits can be pretty unfair the first run through. You pretty much HAVE to die in this game to learn the boss moves that come out of nowhere. There's also the whole learning to parry when you see the white flash, but in some boss fights, after the white flash occurs they feint, so you're already stuck mid parry from muscle memory and then get half your health wiped from that missed parry.Besides that and a few annoying one shot deaths from the sniper boss due to wonky wall hit boxes, it's alright.It's just the feinting boss moves that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so, so so much.3/5Not worth $25"
,Recommended,423230,25023963,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Yebebbles,"Good game, hard fights and interesting story, good for people looking for a challenge"
76561198044206515,Recommended,423230,32848828,Posted: 27 June,all,Lohillus,"10/10 games, great visuals, neat if simple story, difficult but not overpowering difficulty all set to an amazing OST.And then you do Furier, and it just gets better.Absolutely would recommend to anyone who wants a challenging beat'em up boss rush game with some shmup elements.We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
,Recommended,423230,28495071,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,nathanbrotherbob,"Probably the most fast-paced, difficult, and rewarding game I played this year.  Some of the bosses will have you pulling your hair out, but it never feels unfair (except maybe the final optional boss- ♥♥♥♥ those lazers).  The story is delivered in kind of a sloppy, spoon-feedy way, but I still personally enjoyed it.  Also the art style is awesome!The only big downside is the lack of content.  It took me about 7 hours to beat the campaign, and then, having no interest in speedrunning or playing on a harder difficulty, the game was basically finished for me.  Therefore, I don't recommend picking this game up at full price- grab it on sale for $10 or less, in my opinion."
76561198017200609,Recommended,423230,24831429,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Breakey,"I really love this game and I recommend it to anyone who loves a challenge and like a game where you cannot grind yourself to be better, but you develop your own skills throughout the game. It is a game that will drive you mad at times, as it can be quite difficult, but DO NOT play this on easy as you will miss the feeling of accomplishment when you beat a guardian on the Furi(normal) difficulty.It also has a unique story and soundtrack. However, I won't discuss any of those, as they have to be experienced.So grab a headset, turn off the lights and do yourself a favor and play this game through and enjoy the ride."
76561198141822082,Recommended,423230,28332542,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sangheili,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ AMAZING. Chalenging but fair. Hard but fun. Colorfull but dark. ""Short"" (12hours for me the first time) but rly intense.The gameplay is rly precise and require you to learn it from hours of ""training"". Bosses are rly fun and inspired in term of gameplay and charadesign, who said tron?And the ost, oh god the sondtracks are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ perfect. Both electro and epic at the same time. I especialy love the one called ""a picture in motion""The story is quiet cool, but its the story teling that make you want to know. Very souls like naration, but less confusion and less blanks put for interpretation.I said the game was short. Well, 12 hours for 20 bolox is rly worth the price and the replay value is  good. But the wole game is 9 or 10 bosses so you can beat it in less that 1our if you speedrun it. But it would have ask you undreds of ours of training to reach that lvl of skill, so... mehTo resume : excelent"
76561198000989841,Recommended,423230,28903253,Posted: 1 January,all,Pr0jectseph,"Warning!!This game will get you jacked thef**kup!!When first playing Furi, play in small doses at a time to assess tolerance levels.If you are after an additional boost of""mind blown"", take an additionalscoopdeep breath before taking a literal stab at""Furier""mode.ForMAXIMUMeffect, play Furi on an empty stomach 15-20 minutes before:- A workout- Bar-room brawls- Drifting through your local neighbourhood school-zoneIf you have a heart condition? Prepare to give yourself a send-off moreepicthan 14 Bazooka-wielding Ninjas summoning a meteor to collide with our sun creating a subsequent supernova!If nursing or pregnant, toss Baby Jr aside and get your priorities in order.This game delivers everything you want! Period.Lab tested. Results may vary.Score:12/10 (you will see what I mean...)Note:Controller HIGHLY recommended!"
,Recommended,423230,31725989,Posted: 13 May,all,Igzorn,"TL;DR: If you're intrigued by Furi and it's on sale, buy it!Furi is a real gem. The combat is hard but (mostly) fair, and if you learn from your mistakes, you will persevere. The soundtrack fits really well. Between the levels, you get to kick back and enjoy some pretty sceneries while listening to your fellow cons cryptic introductions of your upcoming enemy. The game runs smooth and the design is sweet. I beat the game in about 10h (reaching all 3 possible endings) and got 73% of the achievements. After that, it's up to you whether you wantone more fightand strive for excelence or leave it at that.Fighting through the game felt really rewarding. I liked the experience as a whole. If you're into the genre, then you ought to try this!"
76561198015433557,Recommended,423230,24265447,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fagtano,"To be honest this game is truly an amazing indie game .This game has one of the most amazing ost made by Carpenter Brut, Danger, The Toxic Avenger, Lorn, Scattle, Waveshaper and Kn1ght if you like hotline miams soundtrack than you will truly love this games.The Fighting mechanics in this game are truly simple to get a hang of. And the boss battles are something else accompanied by there stage music is breathtaking."
76561198042507059,Recommended,423230,26560105,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Spoiko's Dad's Son,Game is amazing
,Recommended,423230,25467347,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JOIN MY DISCORD,"The jailer is the key, kill him and you'll be free.9 jailers1. The Chain2. The Strap3. The Line4. The Scale5. The Hand6. The Song7. The Burst8. The Edge9. The Beat10 hours7 great music artists3 lives2 morale choices1 true enemy1 stunning art style1 controller∞ fckn bullets o.OTo summurise the gameplay i'd basically say, ""Time it right, and you'll win the fight."" Imagine a bullet hell, with sword fighting, running and gunning and a dash mechanic to boot. That's basically the gameplay. It revolves around fighting ""jailers"", which are really just boss fights. It's a simple design to get your head around but it's extremley hard to master.So basically the gameplay's good to. But you do have to git gud m8.The story is vauge, but in the end pretty simple. On the surface it's pretty basic but it has a lot of depth to it. plus the secret ending has A TWIST. But that's really it.Buy it if you like pulling off really hard and well timed maneuvers around billions of bullets and timing your slash and block just right. And elctronic/bouncy/80's/vaporwavey/I like the music/ / slash slash slash... And a very visually appealing abstract electronic art style.(It's kinda short though and the only other thing you can get out of it is getting really, really good at it to get the best end score, otherwise it is pretty much just 10 hrs of gameplay)Would not recommend to filthy casuals, this game is not for the feint of heart. It is hard, harsh and fast, it'd eat up anyone who isn't use to rediculous amounts of dodge-timing. If your above average or average at bullet hell's, this is easy to jump into, otherwise don't. You won't survive.I give it and obligetary number of 8/10 bullets, short, fun, challenging and unuiqe. That is all.I await your Furi 2..."
,Recommended,423230,33205291,Posted: 3 July,all,Daegeka,"We get it France, you are the weeabooest nation."
,Recommended,423230,30456609,Posted: 11 March,all,Xinchro,"Furi is a game that's controlled about as tightly as they come. You're never stuck in some animation loop, everything just responds and works. The only time you'll ever get frustrated at this game is at your own skill, never at the game.The story and world were super satisfying for me and are super quirky. There's no explicit ""this is the story/world"", but there are subtleties everywhere you look.The game also looks gorgeous to boot.It's a great package and extremely fun, well worth the money. I look forward to my next runs of it."
76561198040138655,Recommended,423230,33077434,Posted: 1 July,all,GET THE BOOK,"I'm not sure whether to recommend or not this game. It's got good music, a cool artstyle and it's overall pretty fun. However there are a lot of issues that really lessened my enjoyment of the game. First up, the length. This game isn't very long and a sizeable chunk of the game time is spent walking while some guy talks to you (you can't skip this). 23 dollars is too much in my opinion. Next up, this game isn't very responsive. It happened often to me that I'd press a button and it seemed like the game didn't register it and my character just did nothing (this might be my controller but I haven't had this issue in any other game).Spoilers belowThe story isn't anything special. It does the pretencious ""you're a monster because you kill everyone"" even though you have no choice in the matter.The last boss was one of the least enjoyable segments in a video game I've ever played. The game becomes this weird bullet hell shooter with clunky controls, You get 5 phases, the third one and the fifth one are hard and the rest are easy but very long, so you'll die and have to start over while doing the boring easy phases to get to the hard ones and then die and then start over. The rest of the game felt challenging but fair but this last fight requires you to nail incredibly tight dashes to succeed but the unresponsiveness I mentioned earlier is a really big deal on this fight. It happened to me a lot that I'd try dashing trough a lazor only to get dragged back to the starting point of my dash while taking damage (almost like I was playing on a laggy cs server with high ping).So yeah, this game does have it's issues but overall it's pretty fun, I really enjoyed the fight against the masked knight. Get it while it's on sale."
76561197994386114,Recommended,423230,31671658,Posted: 10 May,all,200% Mikkusujusu ~,"Whooo, this game was something else.  Combining bullet hell shooting and sword fighting with a reflex based parrying and dodge system, it's just you and the boss going toe to toe with each other, while wonderful and atmospheric music plays in the background.  There's no slog through stages or anything, this is essentially a boss rush game and the level of intensity and adrenaline you'll feel fighting each boss is something rarely matched in other games.  To top it all off, everything just looks slick when in motion.  I quickly came to appreciate just how cool and stylish everything looked while in the midst of a fight."
76561198116190806,Recommended,423230,30971556,Posted: 5 April,all,Kylanacus,"Beautiful game! Best I have played in a long time. I see many of the thumbs downs have only 1-2 hours played and they are all making exuses for why its so hard. I played through the whole game on regular difficulty and it was VERY challenging but also very worth it. This game is not for everyone and its NOT for the faint of heart. This game will eat your alive, spit you out, eat, spit, repeat. There is a reason its called Furi, its what you feel when you play it.10/10 would die again"
76561198121397370,Recommended,423230,27893454,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Thornbush,"Great combat, soundtrack and visuals. Would reccomend to anyone with quick reflexes"
,Recommended,423230,28144669,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Redey59,"Take Metal Gear Rising, including an awesome soundtrack, good writing and amazing bossfights.Remove the filler enemies nobody really cares for anyway.Give the main character a gun to go with the electric katana.Make it top-down.Make it super difficult but fair.Now you have the short but amazing Furi."
,Recommended,423230,29482019,Posted: 25 January,all,Savierpain,"Definitely in my top 10 games. I got this game as a gift during the winter sale and played off an on. I would give it an 8/10 only because the 9th boss should have been the first boss, and the ending kinda fell flat unless you go for the 10th boss."
76561198125930118,Recommended,423230,28263960,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Caramelised Cashews,"Damn I love this game. I bought this expecting to beat up some cool bosses with a badass character. What I got was infinitely better.Your thrown into this world with no explanation, and you quickly have to fight this badass dude with 3 masks. What I love about this game so much is the combat. It throws you in there and forces you to learn shooting and parrying, and when you do, the real fight begins. I love it cause you have to dash through or shoot projectiles, and parry any attacks coming from the enmy with your reflexes. After parrying you get to strike them for some good damage.It's really punishing if you get hit, but getting to the next phase just feels so much better.Another thing is the character designs. They look so damn good! All of them are detailed and look so badass, which makes fighting them great. Paired with the combat and music, it feels so fast-paced and gets my adrenaline pumping. They look like real threats, deadly to the fullest.Also, I love the music. It just adds to the fights in a good way. It seems really well made and I don't get tired of listening to it after the several times I get crushed by the enemies.I would highly recommend this game. It has my favourite combat system, awesome designs, and some nice music."
76561198277247864,Not Recommended,423230,31761534,Posted: 14 May,all,Flameheart,"PLZ, MAKE, IT, EASIER!"
,Recommended,423230,24610782,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pugg,"THINGS I LIKE:-Boss battles are on ♥♥♥♥ing point, hard as hell, but always fair. Every hit of damage you take is your fault.~~~~THE MUSIC ~~~~ is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, sometimes I play this game just to hear a track- The art style: it's all neon and glowy and 80's miami vice. Except with samurais. Cyberpunk samurais.THINGS I DONT LIKE:-the long, long, LONG walks between boss fights. I get how they're trying to be all ambient and stuff and try to immerse you and stuff, but it's deffinitely not working. We're talking slowww♥♥♥♥♥walking that will leave you wondering ""is it almost done yet?""-The Architect: one of the main characters, he flaps his gums while you're doing those long walks and most of what he says goes along the lines of ""you're mad, you should be mad, bad man ahead, kill him"" not to mention his costume design looks like Boy George trying to be the bunny from Donnie Darko. Just ♥♥♥♥ing why.-Trigger dodges: you have the choice on Xbox Controller of either using the a button or trigger to dodge, the trigger feels a lot less responsive and will take some getting used to.THE VERDICT:Furi is definitely worth playing, some of the director's choices make me scratch my head, but Furi shines in it's main attraction: boss fights. A true challenge, but always fair.8.5/10"
76561198060891102,Recommended,423230,25483790,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,WARPzone,"Furi, an awesome game and also what I feel when a boss kicks my♥♥♥♥♥Dark Souls was way too easy anyways..."
76561198040894464,Recommended,423230,25567806,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ReptileHead,Challenging bossfights accompanied by AWESOME music. The walking sequences between the bossfights offered great atmosphere.
76561197989807127,Recommended,423230,26005078,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Flightles,"Honestly this game suprised me.I wass expecting an average game, with average art, and an average experience.This game blew me away andd is easily my favorite game of 2016.  So much so that this is the only game I have bothered to review lol.Do yourself a favor and buy this game!"
,Recommended,423230,30094598,Posted: 21 February,all,White,"i've never played a bullet hell before so this game caught me off guard, however it was the hot music that kept me goingif you enjoyed the Hotline Miami games you are for-sure going to love this in the aspect that you're going to restart a lot and cry a lot, just how i did"
76561198054956552,Recommended,423230,34306218,Posted: 17 August,all,D1ckypr0st41nt,After I beat it i just sat at my computer staring at the screen not doing anything for ~20 minutes.It's really good.
76561198290471432,Recommended,423230,34378813,Posted: 20 August,all,Derosso,good game
,Recommended,423230,32408654,Posted: 14 June,all,Deified,Metal Gear: Rising mixed with the bullet hell genre. Short and sweet story. Play it.
,Recommended,423230,34438096,Posted: 23 August,all,LuWinKre,Excellent game. The game mechanics in this game really shows us what an exciting combat system is .Many other games are having♥♥♥♥♥combat system and they should all go eat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,423230,24820207,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Darkripjaww,"I feel like this game shouldn't be called Furi. It should be called, 'The Beat'. I have over 3500 attempts on The Beat, with a time of 1:51.My time played on steam is not true, as I was an adventurer of the high seas. After around 250 hours, I decided.This game was well worth the $30 Cad.If you are only going to play the campaign once, this game will run you about 3-5 hours. If you play practise (Individual levels) This game will destroy your life, since you keep on trying to get that 1 second less, only to have somone else beat you.My rage for this game on a scale of 1 to 10? My rage is 11. Furi would give it a 12."
76561198102547531,Recommended,423230,24942871,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,zero0068,This is game is simply amazing...The soundtrack is pure art!The fights are awesome!The artstyle is awesome!Graphics are very beautiful!Is it worth $25?F*** Yeah!Should i get the bundle?F*** Yeah!
76561198286761800,Recommended,423230,30050166,Posted: 19 February,all,Inverse,"This game is difficult, but fun. At no point do you feel underpowered, and you always know that, no matter the challenge, you can eventually overcome it. It's all about learning to adapt. Every boss is unique, each character interesting in their own way.The story is told well- it's vague enough that you can ask questions, but enough information is given so that you can at least piece it together.I'd recommend this game for everyone to play."
,Recommended,423230,35095915,Posted: 20 September,all,JohnnyBravoDosPampas,A mesma paudurecência que o Dark Souls dá.
,Recommended,423230,24198358,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Acceptable Ghost,"This is a surprisingly legit action game and if you are a """"character action"""" game fan then this is definitely a must play. Games featuring nothing but bosses are fairly rare and this game definitely shows that the idea is still cool and I hope to see more games like it in the future."
,Recommended,423230,24130345,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,♿ Sven ♿,"this game is sick, its challenging but you just need to practise the fights.edit: my thumb hurts for mashing the b button so much :("
76561198163597788,Recommended,423230,24128645,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cuck,Very hard but fun as hell
,Recommended,423230,24128747,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Surfshack Tito,"I don't really do reviews, but I feel this game is worthy of one. Especially since it more than likely won't surge in popularity out of nowhere like Undertale did last year. So I think its necessary to give this game as much praise as I can. Overall the game deserves and 8/10. But for more info read below.For a bullet hell game, the game is very welcoming to newcomers of the genre but also has difficulty to challenge adept players. At the same time it doesn't pass off as just another bullet hell game either. This game definitely sets it apart from others of the genre. With different ways of avoiding attacks and multiple ways to attack as well. If you want to repeatedly strafe and shoot your opponent the entire time, you can do that. If you want to get up close and slash your opponent the whole time, you can do that. You feel as if you don't have to be pixel perfect to dodge. Which lets be real, there is no skill in straining yourself to be pixel perfect. There is no skill in repetition to the point of irritation. This game punishes you reasonably well for messing up. This isn't a memorization game. You don't have to throw yourself at bosses just to recognize patterns in order to beat them. This game allows you to give ample amount of time to react to things, and there is no ""impossible to dodge move of insane difficulty with some sort of pattern."" Its all something the player can easily adapt to, react to, and counter attack. That being said, you do still benefit from memorization and trying again.As for the graphics, I absolutely adore the style. Cell Shading is usually a risky move, and very rarely its done right. This game isn't in the league of no more heros, Killer 7, Windwaker, etc. But the graphics are definitely great. It doesn't rely on high res textures to be good to look at. The lighting is just right so the bullets aren't obnoxiously bright while at the same time you're able to appreciate the background and foreground of each stage.  Not only that, the game runs very smoothly and I dont feel like my computer has to chug along while playing it.The models however could be a little better. A lot of objects on characters clip through each other. Though its usually small stuff, like the main characters sword clipping through his cape. Or his hair clipping through the neck of said cape. This is the developers first 3d game, it shows. But they don't have glaring major graphical issues aside from minimal clipping.The story is interesting. I haven't quite beat the game yet and from what I understand theres two endings. Which I'm fine with knowing that. I have no idea how to get both endings, or which one is better, but I guess I'll find out soon enough. Its hard to talk about a games story without spoiling it so I'll save that for the games description and previews.As for the characters the main character is a boring silent protagonist. Which I personally do not like. I'm not one who plays these kinds of games to put myself into the characters shoes. I save that kind of immersion for RPGs. As for the other characters, each and every single one has a great personality. One of which I thought was a very original take on something you see in just about every single video game imaginable. But its quite disappointing to see a game with this good of a cast with a silent protagonist.I feel the music will speak for itself. It's definitely excellent to my ears but it might not be some peoples' thing. The soundtrack is nearly entirely synthwave is definitely a mixed opinion genre.This is a very excellent game and I look forward to what the developer has in store for us after this."
76561198044102207,Recommended,423230,24128826,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AsakuraZ,"Simply put, an amazing game from start to finish.First things first, if you are expecting a game filled with exploration, heavy dialogue and memorable characters, this game may not be for you.If you are looking for heart pounding action, bullet hell, well timed parrying and truly memorable fights, then you came to the right spot.I cleared this in one sitting, I think clocking around 4hrs after completion. That was with zero deaths up to the last part of the game which proved to be a little difficult. This game is fairly challenging and will force you to think a little on your feet, but once you figure out each boss's strategy there is truly no greater feeling then slaying them after all that hard work.I feel that is what Furi trys to do, is capture the essence of combat and the high you can get as a player from giving it your all. There is a story here but it does take time to flesh out. A lot of people didn't care for the auto-walking scenes but honestly there a nice build up to the next fight. The dialogue, the subtle music, and the beautfiul designed backgrounds are a great time for you as the player to take a breather and really take in the game.Ideally if you like games like MGS: Revengence, No More Heroes, or Nier, I think this game is for you."
76561198200028054,Recommended,423230,30606714,Posted: 18 March,all,Oh It's Millz,I like it. I would recommend this to my dog. If I had one... :(
,Recommended,423230,25625376,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mistress Spitfire,"I don't really know how to explain this game to people. It's a game that fills an extremely unusual niche between twinstick shooter, shmup and character action. But nevertheless, this is probably my favourite game of this year. A surprisingly intricate story that leaves much to the imagination, the game is all about bosses. Killing lots and lots of bosses.Pros:Incredibly creative boss designs, some of the best I've ever seen.Seemlessly mixes character action and shmup, making for a very unique game.Absolutely mindblowing soundtrack.Parries. Not enough games do these.Cons:Keyboard controls aren't recommended.Although the lore-filled walks to each boss are interesting the first time around, there is no option to skip them, meaning you have to do the long walk each time you want to replay the game.The button layout will leave you with hands like you've been playing a game of finger twister. Only the move input is on the left hand, and the right has everything else on it. There's no option to rebind the keys, either. The big problem with this is that you can't just parry on a whim like you'd be able to if you could bind it to your left hand, you have to either charge up your dodge or keep your finger pressed ready to time your parries, making beating quite a few of the bosses more about memorisation than reflexes, which is something I don't like. Having the parry on Left Bumper or L1 would have made the game much easier on your hands.Overall, this game was an incredible experience and a great breath of fresh air, but I won't be revisiting it until they add an option to rebind the controls.EDIT: THEY ADDED THE CHANGEABLE CONTROL SCHEME, THIS GAME IS NOW PERFECT."
76561197996605767,Recommended,423230,24157428,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Buzerio,"This game is nothing but challenging and tense boss battles that ooze style, if this game is for you then you probably know it by now."
,Recommended,423230,24218825,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Solid J Mann,"Saw the trailer was intruiged by its sound track and it artitistic presentation. Once purchased I was pleased to find the gameplay is masterfull along with difficult. The story is simple and to the point : you in prison and you want out. Its Like Afro Samurai, with an EDM soundtrack."
,Recommended,423230,24245897,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,White_Summer,"Amazing game, tight boss fight gameplay, mixing bullet hell shmup and parry based melee combat.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets crazy on Furier difficulty but it feels so good to play.Also the soundtrack is literally porn for your ears.I guess it's also pretty at times.GOTY 2016 for me, so far."
76561198003440009,Recommended,423230,25702668,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,thecodemachine,"If there is one game that will get your boss killing itch its this one.  The music is so good, the soundtrack is my current running playlist.  The fights are so good you will want to replaythem multiple times."
76561198010362739,Recommended,423230,27894605,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tootu Shaboo,"Originally looked into this game because it involved some of my favorite music artists. Now I'm stuck here replaying the hell out of it, the gameplay is that good. There's a short story, but it is interesting nonetheless. Brilliant balance of fun and difficult, all the while the music keeps you tied into the intesity of it all. I grabbed this game on sale, but after playing it I would have bought it for full price."
76561198058358403,Recommended,423230,30050296,Posted: 19 February,all,FrankMN,"This game is so difficult that becomes frustrating at some times. I have rage quit several times after being defeated once and again. If i had to compare the difficulty level of this game, I'd say it's closer to dark souls'. It's a very detailed game and the graphics are gorgeous. I've been trying to get grasp of the story portrayed in the game, but it's been a little difficult to decipher it so far.Totally recommended if you like hack n' slash games seen from above."
,Not Recommended,423230,30622508,Posted: 19 March,all,KangaPower,I can't recommend this game due to the lack of AMD driver support. Nvidia cards I think should be okay but the fact that this game crashes at certain bosses because of the lack of basic driver support is sad.
,Recommended,423230,25784304,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Bob Ross,Good soundtrack.Good gameplayGood artwhat else cold you need.
76561198052447964,Recommended,423230,30355937,Posted: 6 March,all,lassipls,- Play game- Suck at game- Play more game- Still suck at game- Complete game- Increase difficulty- ???- Git Gud
,Recommended,423230,24130364,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gizmo the autismo,"i absolutley love this game its beautiful, its hard as hell, the music is fantastic, the bosses are ♥♥♥♥ing sweet, and a perfect challengeBUTthe delay on mashing my buttons and the actions happening is the only thing killing my vibe with this gamemainly dodging its honestly disheartning having to start from the beginning of a boss fight because and i quote ""I ♥♥♥♥ING DODGED. I ♥♥♥♥ING DODGED"" super over the top fast parrying im fine with i mean dark souls did the same but when i dodge i need a 1:1 ratio.still love it tho. buy it get, mad at it, quit it, come back and beat it."
,Recommended,423230,25746264,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,JungleRobba,"First of all, best soundtrack ever in a video game! The game might not be for everyone though, but if you love challenging, tough but fair and very well designed boss fights, it is definitely worth your time. Controls and gameplay feel perfect.I don't have many games to compare this to, but if you love bossfights in the Dark Souls games, you're probably going to enjoy this as well. You should have the patience to repeatedly attempt a boss/phase and be ready to learn its moves and how to react."
,Recommended,423230,24107264,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Male Manhood,"Holy crap.Out of nowhere this game just blindsides me. Gameplay is tight, music is fantastic and the visuals live up to their artist's portfolio.If you like masochistic boss battles, get this game."
,Recommended,423230,24647050,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,crab_f,"funbasically if you played no more heroes, this game is exactly that"
,Recommended,423230,28458154,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,fetthesten,Easily one of this year's best games.
,Recommended,423230,28690283,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Suisei,"This game is pretty much a mix between Metal Gear Rising, Touhou, and Hyper Light Drifter (?) and it just works so well. Every time you land a perfect parry, every time you succeed a boss phase, it just feels so damn rewarding. The game overall is great, albeit it is a little bit short and the animation in the cutscenes is sometimes awkard."
76561198032095974,Recommended,423230,28441397,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Xavier Hevertop,Weakest person in the game is you.10/10 would slam my ♥♥♥♥ing control on the floor and spend 50£ on a new controler the next day so i could play it again.
,Recommended,423230,28692257,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SpiffyBard,"This game was pretty damn hard, and not in the very best way. Sometimes it was some cheese but it wasn't impossible. It makes you feel damn good when you finally beat a boss. This was one of my favorite games this year. Not to mention the soundtrack was also one of my favorites this year. I always find myself listening to the album on Spotify."
,Recommended,423230,28775249,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,EJC,The proper way to play this game is with Japanese voices.
,Recommended,423230,24446397,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Necrossin,Hyper Synth Drifter on steroids.
76561198128472773,Recommended,423230,30034974,Posted: 19 February,all,valahbr,"Alright this was quite the ride.I found it interesting that even though this is a boss rush game each boss introduces such a great amount of different mechanics that it doesn't really feel like you are exactly fighting bosses all the time.It usually starts very slow and didactic and ends very bullet hell. Which in theory tends to build a great learning curve.Each fight goes on for so long that dying at the very last phase, although constant, is extremely irritating. It's nice when you restart the fight and realize how much faster you are able to finish off each phase, but only to a point, after a while it's just not fast enough.The combat system is quite diverse and complex. Takes a while to get used to all of the instances and moves. I feel like sometimes it just demands the player to be excessively quick on reactions and the reaction window might be too short. It gets annoying. Some of the bosses the only alternative I found was to straight up memorize the attack pattern and press buttons almost in advance. It grows on you though.I definitely had more difficulty at the beginning/middle than at the end, which never feels right.Overall playing Furi was fun, sometimes very frustrating, but mostly fun. I'd be thankful if indie devs would tackle more boss rush games."
,Recommended,423230,24121762,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ThronoCrigger,"A hack and slash mixed with a side dish of fast paced action and bullet hell.Pros:Incredible soundtrackSimplistic, but elegant mechanicsUnique and satisfying boss fightsCons:Awkward camera and movement control during boss prologuesBoss dialogue gets stale as they repeat the same line over and overOverall plot leaves me wanting moreConclusion:I haven't been able to put this game down since I bought it. A lot of the games faults can be pushed aside as the core game is incredibly well done. I feel I am playing a fast paced Punch-Out meets Dark Souls at times, but I am loving every second of it.8/10:Would play again!"
76561198041558581,Recommended,423230,24140002,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ratzing,"It's awesome. Also, you don't need to git gud to finish it. But it's better to git gud."
,Recommended,423230,24139013,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tabellen Peter,"It's hard, it's challenging. There is no babysitting, there is good music and there is the endless rage when you know why you failed. Just a boss-rush, with a nice groove. Every boss has a set of unknown and known mechanics and they are transported and enhanced through every boss very nicely. A normal playthrough might be 4-6 hours, even more with the hard mode, which extends the known mechanics. Then there is unlockable speedrun if you feel up to it after that. Love it."
76561198243010852,Recommended,423230,33167593,Posted: 2 July,all,Joshie Boi,this game is literally the best thing ever the combat is so good! why have I have never heard of this before!?!
,Recommended,423230,31726110,Posted: 13 May,all,Goofcat,"Furi is basically a boss rush game with just under a dozen stages, consisting of close quarters and long range bullethell combat. You play as a silent prisoner in an attempt to become free - you face several ""jailers"" along the way, who you must kill in the process of your escape. Each have their own unique abilities. You're aided by an odd man in a costume resembling a rabbit, who seems to be able to teleport on his own. He provides insight on your adventure.I really can't list anything that I don't enjoy about this game. The combat system is cool and engaging; the soundtrack is awesome, and the visuals paired with cinematic camera angles combine to make one of my favorite games that I've played this year. Definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,423230,33174028,Posted: 3 July,all,the end?,"Disregarding a handful of problems regarding strange keyboard controls (I know it reccomends gamepad), Furi is a solid game that holds up perfectly fine despite a lack of normal enemies or standard structure.To keep it brief, here's the good stuff:- Bosses are well varied and interestingly designed- Bullet hell sequences are balanced well, not too difficult, not too easy- Most of the mechanics are responsive (parrying, slashing, shooting) and satisfying- Fantastic music- Low-poly aesthetic works well with the game and really shines in some scenes- The story, while somewhat simple, is entertaining and worth seeing to its end(s)- Suprisingly strong voice acting from several characters- Runtime may be short (first playthrough clocked at 6hrs), but with difficulty modes, practice, alternate endings and unlockables it'll last a while- Glowing absCons:- Dodge seems iffy on keyboard, i'd occasionally dodge in a totally different direction than intended- Occasionally, RNG can change the timing on attacks, which ends up causing problems if you're working off of memorization/reaction- Bosses can be extremely frustrating if you don't spend time nailing down specific behaviors- Failure means repeating stages that end up being tedious when you're used to themOverall, I'd say it's a 8/10 game. It tried something new and succeeded, while staying true to its style and ideals. Delivered a good story through fun gameplay. Worth the price."
76561198056902770,Recommended,423230,24757332,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Lios,It good.Get it.
76561198066019984,Recommended,423230,24167152,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Chillingjcrazy,"A very good game, though not without it's share of issues. The core gameplay is where it shines, boss fights are satisfying and engaging, though some are rather lackluster at time.Particularly the final Jailer. The easiest boss in the game in my opinion that I feel could have been pushed closer to the sword and shield boss. Also, the *true* final boss is almost pure bullet hell, with little to none of the satisfying melee combat.The game's difficulty at Furi mode is...decent. I felt that it was a little too easy and I hope that Furier will provide a little more of a challenge.Story wise there's not much to go on, and that's either great or annoying depending on the person playing. The game continues not telling you much anything until the very end. Questions are answered pretty conclusively at the end as well. But I enjoyed what there was; and I definitely think the game wouldn't be as strong without it.The walking sequences give you the chance to look at the really beautiful scenery; but if you aren't invested in the little bits of flavor dialogue they can be lengthy, ardous breaks from the action. The camera going every which way without the controls switching up made it feel confusing and harder than it should have been. There were points that I honestly felt it should have just auto-walked me through, then at least I could enjoy the scenery without fighting the controls.Price tag feels just a tad bit too high for my liking. If you're a speedrunner/challenge gamer you'll definitely get your money's worth out of replaying it, but for normies like myself the experience felt just too plain short for the $25. Especially if you're like me and found the normal mode rather easy (I died a total of once againstthe true final bossand 3 chances for a phase seems crazy to me. Though there were incredibly tense moments were it all came down to that last health pip, only to pull back.Boss design is nice, very No More Heroes inspired from the looks of it. They all have these kind of wierd quirky bits to them that make them unique. Some will challenge you more than others, there's some that'll annoy you more than others, but they all feel *good*. The post fight cutscenes also feel a bit lackluster sometimes; the ones I think are the most important seem to have little to no dialogue. Then again, story may not be all that important to a challenge gamer, and it keeps up the pacing.The ordering of them could have been revised I think, but they'll all challenge you in one way or another.Looking at the above, you may wonder why I'm rating this up. Remember the ""core gameplay"" I mentioned? I'll elaborate on it a little. First of all, IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT. It feels fluid, fast, skillful, and fair. There's no handholding, there's no improvement trees, there's no absurd unlockables. It gives you the controls, and that's what you get. All the improvements happen when you learn to time your parries, when you learn how to perfectly dodge that one annoying attack, when you develop strategies to help play better and faster (For example, purposely normal parry all of a combo string for the health, and learn how to super-parry the final blow to mooch health from each string and get the counter hit.). It switches between bullet hell and close range action frequently enough to feel balanced. I can't stress this enough, the gameplay is what you're here for. The story is ok, the music is good, the fighting is great.Overall, it could be improved, and I sure hope it does if it ever gets a sequel. But it's worth the time if you're willing to pay the toll. Just be ready for it to be a bit high for the content."
76561197972380817,Recommended,423230,24165952,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pasta Fan,"Great game, the art style is beautiful, the combat is like a 3d version of Hyper Light Drifter, just finished it on furi difficulty, might be a little bit easy for people coming from the souls series, but you unlock a harder difficulty once you beat it.9/10"
76561197968207989,Recommended,423230,24150825,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tersidre,"Interesting little game..Mixes elements of bullet hell games and classic hack and slash combat...Also neat because the game is just one string of boss fights, you literally fight nothing but bosses with the exception of one that has some adds you have to deal with...Basically it goes bullet hell phase--->hack and slash/reaction speed--->bullet hell ... rinse repeat until you expend the bosses lives... if you get downed during a phase boss regains its health for that phase and you try it again until you expend all your lives at which point you restart the fight..Its a pretty decent challenge,.. beat it on normal difficulty but I can see where replay  value is here..is it worth the current asking price? Im not really sure, its quite the little visual novel and the story is kinda interesting.. its never really directly apparent if you're the bad guy or not until the end and a choice is to be made...The graphics are very well done and pretty artistic, its very apparent that the designers wanted you to experience their version of this little world and show it off every chance they can between the boss fights.Also the ability to just press a button and have the character autowalk in the correct direction during the crazy camera angles was much appreciated.Its a solid little experience if your looking for a good distraction that you can play  through multiple times and get some enjoyment out of it... maybe wait for it to be on a 50% sale or something if your tepid about it. Otherwise I enjoyed it start to finish and I intend on trying to clear it on the higher difficulties and attempt to get S ranks on the bosses."
,Recommended,423230,28317227,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,codewing.de,only beaten the first two bosses but its a lot of fun!
,Recommended,423230,33265451,Posted: 5 July,all,Fayx,"Gameplay is fast and fun (difficult though), Music is pretty good and gets you pumped for fighting and into it, when i started it i expected it to not have story, but the story is GREAT, overall very good gameit made me feel like a terrible person, what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,423230,34079192,Posted: 7 August,all,Punished Bump,"This game is just on the cusp of being 10/10.The controls are tight, the combat incredibly satisfying, the human bosses are balanced incredibly well and all have their own unique feel, and the story of the jailers, the Stranger, and the spooky bunny man is wonderfully intriguing.Warning, spoilers ahead:Then you beat the game, the credits roll, and you walk around a bit and find the secret final boss. And boy lemme tell you, this boss is garbage on all accounts other than the music.At this point, the mystery of the Stranger is revealed: You're Rider, some random clone of an alien AI's clone army, sent down to the planet to determine if it was suitible for assimilation. You're immortal because you're an alien, I guess? And everything you get near dies and decays because uh, I guess that's you assimilating it or something?Half the draw of the game's story was how mysterious it was. Why was the Stranger immortal, why is he here on maybe-Earth, why does the ground around him crumble away? It was all great to wonder about, but it never -needed- to be answered. The focus was always on the Stranger just wanting to be free, coupled with the dark implications of what would happen to the world if he was. The only reason these plot points existed was to act as a justification for him to be imprisoned. We didn't need to know -why- he was immortal, or -why- he fell from the sky one day, we just needed to know that it'd be -very bad- for the planet if he was allowed to walk around as he pleased, but that he was willing to do whatever he had to to be free. This last 10th of the game pulls a complete and total 180­° on these themes and just turns it into generic ""Robot gets emotions then rebels against his masters"" schlock, and it totally destroys the atmosphere the game had going for it the entire time.Also the fight itself is just bad. The entire rest of the game was one-on-one melee fights where you had a gun for dealing chip damage as you dodged attacks, but the focus was always the melee combat (Some bosses did shoot at you quite a bit, but your own controls remained the same in said fights and your goal was always still to get up and smack them around). Then this boss just completely takes that away and turns it into a generic bullet hell with clunky controls (doesn't even matter whether you're on M/KB or gamepad, they're♥♥♥♥♥♥either way). It even gets rid of the one-on-one aspect for 4/5ths of the fight by giving the boss a set of drones who all have their own attacks and seperate health bars. To top it off, your power attack, a giant laser beam, which you -have- to use at certain points as the boss's bullets cancel out your own, has so much bloom that you're completely unable to see the bullets it's overlapping, so expect plenty of cheap hits because you literally couldn't see them coming.My recommendation: Play the game up to the credits,♥♥♥♥♥♥around in the final area until you find Bunnyman, then close the game without ever going to the tower. Then, imagine to yourself that the game had a choice point where the Stranger either walks off into the distance, the ground decaying as he does, or he decides to go back up into the Jail because he decides for himself to stay there, free but making the sacrifice of not expressing that freedom so that the world can be safe. If you do that, then the game's 10/10.9/10"
,Recommended,423230,33911970,Posted: 30 July,all,Nick,This game is worth it for the soundtrack alone.
,Recommended,423230,25787082,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,D̛͢͏̢a̢̨r̷̀͜͢͞d̸̛a̵͏n҉̀ú̷͜y҉p҉,git gud.also the fusion of raiden (MGS) with lucian (LoL)
,Recommended,423230,28264511,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,EKSTREME,"Holy crap, this game...Just beat the first ""boss"" on Furi mode. Just, wow. I'm amazed. Do yourself a favour and buy this. Took me an hour of dieing to beat the first level, but man was it fun.10/10 No problems. One of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,423230,24147698,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pundit,Are you good at video games? Play Furi and prove it.
,Recommended,423230,24125655,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tauman2010,"I find this game Furi Kuri, which means I love it. The only thing that annoyed me was that I didnt know you could push a button to make him auto walk through the levels. I was using the joystick the whole time with the switching camera angles through out the levels freaking my character around. But now that I know, its all Furi Kuri >:D"
,Recommended,423230,24195571,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vongrak,This game is quite enjoyable and I recommend to people if they enjoy a challenge. Me and a friend played this game together and tried to see who could beat it in the least amount of deaths. It was quite the challenge and I enjoyed it alot. Do not get this game if you do not like boss fights though. This game has some boss fights that are much tougher than others.
76561198035463395,Recommended,423230,33436151,Posted: 10 July,all,The Devil's Lettuce,The gameplay tells the story just as much as the mad bunny man who may or may not exist.  I give it a Groovy/10.
76561198017126502,Recommended,423230,24240225,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,standaloneworld,Feel your Furi rise as you get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you in neon.
,Recommended,423230,24243097,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,OneTugBoat,Do you like phat beats while getting your♥♥♥♥♥beat? Then this game is for you. Very fraustrating but once you learn...only the best feeling comes next.
,Recommended,423230,24130280,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HeatBox,Worth the price of admission for the first two bosses and soundtrack alone.
76561198039986249,Recommended,423230,24116460,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Shunejii,"Buy this. No, seriously. Buy this. Amazing soundtrack, satisfying combat and smooth controls? Do you play video games? Then you need this.(Also, don't forget to hold the right stick for EXTRA BADASS DAMAGE MODE)"
,Recommended,423230,24121216,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zhnigo,It's ♥♥♥♥ing good.Update: It's still ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561197961802237,Recommended,423230,24132857,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MrMeow,This game is challenging but fair I think I'm in love.
76561197998541651,Recommended,423230,24234491,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Oboro,INTENSE
,Recommended,423230,33681654,Posted: 20 July,all,SwaggyBadger,"This game is what happens when Yasuo, Lucian, Afro Samurai, and Dark Souls have a baby."
,Recommended,423230,28621213,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Pingas,The first boss took me one hour. On normal difficulty.And I tasted every single second of it.
76561198043112840,Recommended,423230,28621477,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NeonJellyShark,Very fun game with really cool music.
76561198047249602,Recommended,423230,28659488,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vestery,Best Game I have played for a very long time!!!I like everything about it!- Graphic ++- B.O +++- Gameplay +++ (very fluid)- Language selection +++ (I took japanese *_*)Awesome game
76561198004732811,Recommended,423230,28660191,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pinhead Larry,"A mix of bullet hell and fast melee combat, furi is an exercise in both reaction times and skill. While some of the boss fights can be frustrating to beat (The Edge paddled my♥♥♥♥♥in to next year) its still a hell of a rush to play this game, especially on furier mode."
76561198046685576,Recommended,423230,24409738,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dandelion,"This is a good game. Hard. Infuriating at times.No small fryes, only boss-battles and the walking/story sequence on the way to the next boss-battle.Bosses have multiple hp-bars and switch patterns each time you whittle one away. When the boss gets to the final bar all hell breaks loose (usually bullet hell). The battles are often pretty long(or feels long at least) which can breed irritation if you take the boss down to the last bar fairly easily though not quickly, and then die in the bullet hell phase. Playing the boss from the beginning again just for a chance to get a grasp of the bullet hell phase is frustrating.Short game though enlonged a bit by Three difficulty settings a speedrun mode and online highscores.+Good combat and decent story, Great storytelling. Good voice acting (at least in english)+-Difficulty spikes mid-combat, sometimes revitalises combat, sometimes frustratingI definitely recommend this game to all masochists and/or challenge seekers out there. Keep in mind though that the game IS short so to get your moneys worth you may want to wait for a sale."
76561198027866461,Recommended,423230,29046964,Posted: 5 January,all,Xo1o,"I could go on about how the game needs free customization for button layout and that some of the controls have unfortunate downsides (dash on button release, charged shot aiming, awkward parry/dash while shooting) or that the sound cues for when to parry actually make it harder to learn the game (because early bosses take too long to swing)... but at the end of the day, Furi is just an outstanding, cool experience that anyone who values the journey of learning something hard (and fun) should not miss. The music and artwork are fantastic and the walking cutscenes inbetween fights do a great job of setting the mood (and they don't strive to be more than just that).Similar to a real martial artist your beginnings will be humble, you will falter at every unexpected attack while learning and internalizing the basics, and just when you think you're slowly getting good, the next boss will require you to step up your game in a different aspect of Furi's combat. Once you've done this enough times and built up enough muscle memory, those challenging early bosses will seem harmless, their attacks slow and predictable, so don't give up too early and take a break after a while, Furi takes a lot of concentration."
76561198026410504,Recommended,423230,29394610,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr. Hustler the Jimmy Rustler,"This game will satisfy. Tight controls, exciting, freshly designed bosses with a killer soundtrack.The storytelling is pretty slow, but in my opinion, it's only a minor annoyance. The gameplay more than makes up for it.Furi is fantastic, especially for the price. My new favorite by far. Buy this if you want a brutal, fast-paced, pure skill bullet hell.Bring a controller, and enjoy becoming a lightning-fast killing machine."
,Recommended,423230,27947516,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ℳystik~🦋,"Very fun and challenging. Full of fast paced action.You will be faced with a sequence of boss fights, the first of which offers a small tutorial at the start where you are taught the controls and the abilities at your disposal. After you learn them it is up to you to figure out what ways to use your tools in order to defeat your opponents. Reptition is key for improvement here as with every boss you'll most likey find yourself suffering utter defeat the first few tries before finally getting a feel for their movements and attacks. You inevitably improve after every attempt which feels very rewarding and each victory fills you with a sense of confidence as well as determination for the upcoming battle.Brilliant."
,Recommended,423230,28088826,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Takashi Zero,"Furi is a game that challenges you through various boss battles that have multiple parts to them, each getting harder. Challenges include dodging projectiles, parrying attacks, and having the best timing. The story/plot is great in my opinion and the combat is very addictive and fun to play. If you're looking for a game that has a challenge and will test your skills, this is the perfect game for you. Highly recommend! Also the OST in this game is amazing~"
76561197993358822,Recommended,423230,27971243,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dyo,"Sci-fi Afro Samurai. Intense and amazing boss fights, simple but interesting and well narrated story, does well what it wants to do, it's a work of art."
,Recommended,423230,29091691,Posted: 7 January,all,Lemon Snake,"Fury is a 'boss rush' type of game. There is no gameplay aside from boss battles, but if you think that means this game lacks substance, you are very very wrong.You are an unnamed 'stranger', imprisoned on a floating island archipelago. A man in a pink rabbit mask frees you and tells you that the only way out is to go through every island, killing the guardian that resides in each.Graphics-wise, the game looks stylish in screenshots but in-game, there's plenty of capes clipping, wonky hair physics and repetitive animations. That said, you will always have a clear understanding of where you are, what to avoid and how to do so, even when the screen gets messy, so the graphics are very functional. I'd also like to mention that a late-game boss dropped my FPS from 60 to 30 for a couple of seconds when it started shooting, and I'm running a GTX 1080.The stranger himself controls nicely. You have a snappy dodge that warps you quickly around the screen and gives you a few invincibility frames, a slashing attack, a ranged attack (via the right analog stick, twin stick shooter style) and a parry (very similar to metal gear rising: revengeance). Every one of these actions, except for the parry, can be charged by holding the button to increase its power.The bosses are long, one on one duels in multiple phases. Each phase gives your opponent new attacks or improves his old ones. Most bosses have two health bars for each stage, one blue and one red, or ranged and close quarters combat.Ranged combat reminds me of bullet hell style japanese shooters, though it doesn't get nearly as hard, at least on normal difficulty. Close ranged combat, on the other hand, will test your ability to parry attacks and dodge clearly marked AoEs.The timing for all these things can be hard to grasp the first time through, but this is a game about learning patterns and trying again and again until you get it right. The game encourages you to experiment with your tools until you find the best counter to a given enemy tactic; for instance, a boss's rush attack was giving me trouble, since it tracked me if I dodged too early, but then I realized I could just shoot a fully charged shot at her to knock her down and prevent the attack altogether.So don't get discouraged if your reflexes aren't good enough to play hard games, since strategy and memorization are perfectly good ways to beat this game aside from raw twitch reactions.The music is phenomenal, and pumps you up before, during and after every fight.Story-wise, the game goes the ever-so-popular minimalistic/cryptic route. While I don't think it makes that much sense that you wouldn't know the Stranger's past, since, you know, you're playing as him and it's never mentioned that he lost his memory, the story picks up at about the fourth boss and becomes very enjoyable. I was genuinely moved by the ending sequence, although I wished the world and characters had been fleshed out more.There was plenty of room to do so: in between fights, there's entire minutes of uneventful walking. Literally walking. You can even press a button and just 'auto-walk' all the way to the next fight. There's nothing to explore, no secrets to discover, no upgrades or items to find, by design. All you get in these sequences is a tidbit of exposition by your pink rabbit friend.Add to this that a few bosses strike as uninspired, or not fleshed out enough; and only a few of them actually reflect the current stage of the fight in their dialogue. They keep their cool and don't get nervous or angry when you're about to beat them. Even when the script seems to imply anger or desperation, the voice acting fails to deliver. The ones that do deliver, however, make for memorable moments.I recommend Furi to people who enjoy a challenge, don't mind a light trip through a bullet hell, and are looking for a nice yet simple story."
,Recommended,423230,29656987,Posted: 2 February,all,archdeco,If Huey from the Boondocks made a game this is what it would be.
,Recommended,423230,30804872,Posted: 28 March,all,TheSidescroller,This game is a goddamn masterpiece and definitely my favorite game of 2016. It's well worth your hard-earned shekels.
,Recommended,423230,29270354,Posted: 15 January,all,PqI,"""On a scale from 1 to 10 she's an 11, and she'd give herself a 12"" ©"
,Recommended,423230,29290019,Posted: 15 January,all,TesseracT,Solid mix of bullet hell / boss fight game. Has a tight parry mechanic similar to that of third strike. Can't go wrong - 10/10
,Recommended,423230,30893282,Posted: 1 April,all,Kitten,"Best game ive played in a while. Its action makes you feel like a badass and makes it clear when you made a mistake. Everytime I got KO'ed or hit, I knew it was my fault.Buy this game now on sale. It is worth the price."
,Recommended,423230,29193907,Posted: 11 January,all,Blood Warden,"This game is amazing, Great soundtrack, Great combat, Great art. Even though the bosses can be extreamly difficult its fun to try and try again and it feels rewarding to finally beat the boss that has been kicking you in the teeth for several tries. Each of the bosses have a lot of personality and keep the game very enjoyable. Every single enviroment that you fight a boss in is different and fits in with the boss and theme and their enviroments reflect the designs of the character. This game is totally worth picking up if you love bullethell and difficult but intense boss battles."
,Recommended,423230,29717643,Posted: 5 February,all,Blanc,"This game was quite amazing, even though I don't really like the story of it. The graphics are unique and so is the soundtrack. The gameplay is astonishing and the fights are freakin' AWESOME! I honestly hope this company makes more games, if they do I'll play the lot of 'em. I recommend this game to anyone who likes Action games."
,Recommended,423230,29731835,Posted: 5 February,all,NAP | The Twisted M I X X,"Ever heard the saying ""Diamond in the rough""?That's what Furi is. It's like 12 diamonds in the rough. Awesome soundtrack, an actual challenge that I haven't found from any other game, and a really really awesome art style. Same character designer(s) that the guys who made Afro Samurai had. It's just a really good game and is definetly worth a buy on sale. Full price is a maybe, buy it at full price only if you really like nice visuals, good music, and awesome fights."
,Recommended,423230,29143413,Posted: 9 January,all,xerocuil,"Furi = Enter the Gaiden.Furi is an intense boss-rush that switches between twin-stick bullet-hell long-range combat and ninja reflex close-range combat.It's like Enter the Gungeon and Ninja Gaiden had a sadistic cyberpunk baby. I recommend a  controller and probably some snacks, these boss battles are long and punishing."
76561197993241429,Recommended,423230,29260953,Posted: 14 January,all,Sinis,Best walking simulator of 2016.
,Recommended,423230,29615968,Posted: 31 January,all,Punhist,"At the time of writing this I've played Furi around 18 hours with a xbox 360 gamepad and played it on various patches.Tl;dr: If you like gameplay focused, boss rushing games, challenge, learning patterns, feeling total bad♥♥♥♥♥and big sparkling balls I can full-heardly recommend Furi for you. You might also find the anime-like feeling and Takashi Okazaki's character design quite the treat. If none of those interest you or you're looking for a story rich narrative this game most likely is not for you.Things I liked:+ Amazing synthwave soundtrack, defnitely worth buying the OST+ Gameplay is incredible smooth and feels good on a gamepad+ Bosses are different enough to feel unique...+ ...But all of them teach you to use your arsenal to the fullest in way that feels logical+ Difficulty feels very organic; if you take it slow you can quite easily beat bosses without breaking sweat. If you are looking for challenge you can try to go for quicker times and taking less hits.+ Everytime I took a hit it felt like it was due to my fault. I never found getting hit due to game being ""cheap"" or ""unfair"".+ The game is very forgiving with giving you an extra try when you beat a phase of a boss. Helped me a lot ot learn the patterns of the bosses.+ Speedrun mode!+ There are PC settings to tailor the game run well on your pc+ Rebindable keys on keyboard...Things I didn't like:- ...But no rebinding keys on controller. You get a few different layouts but full rebindability would be better. Due to this I needed to change my hand position constatly depending on a boss and their phase. This is the biggest negative for me- Unskippable transition scenes. You can skip cutscenes but you still need to transition from boss to another- No furier speedrun mode for the truly masochist peoplePersonally, even with these negatives I still love this game. That being said, I'm the kind of person who loves when you can see tangible results of learning: first time through I got my♥♥♥♥♥royally handed to me but after beating furi and furier mode I am already seeing how the roles have turned around: I got only A and S ranks trying the speedrun mode for the first time. Next challenge: S story mode rank of furier.Edit: fixed grammar and added bunch of bulleting points and some more text to the end."
,Recommended,423230,30744731,Posted: 26 March,all,Corrodias,"I recommend it with a healthy dose of caveats.It's fun but also incredibly frustrating due to the controls. You'd think you want tight controls in a melee game like this, but your dodge and parry moves are sorely *delayed*. I can never quite get the player character to do what I want. The enemies telegraph their melee attacks, but in order to parry them, you can't just hit the button as soon as you see the telegraph, oh no. They take differing amounts of time to hit you. Do it right away, and your parry will end before they hit. Do it too late (like ""just before it hits""), and the delay will prevent it from working.It always comes down to memorizing the patterns, moreso than reacting to dynamic combat. That's not what I'm looking for in a game like this. That said, that's just my own preference, and it's fun enough, on its own terms."
,Recommended,423230,29532777,Posted: 27 January,all,wrin,Nice!
,Recommended,423230,30782761,Posted: 27 March,all,RadicalM1nd,"I'm not a big writer, just wanted to give this game a recommendation. Great soundtrack, awesome gameplay. Just play it."
,Recommended,423230,30800709,Posted: 28 March,all,ping,A great bullet-hell game with amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,423230,31439444,Posted: 29 April,all,Thedesserted,"So, I wanted this game the second I saw the trailer. The music gave me chills. the action looked intense. I just finished the game yesterday, so I'll try give a good breakdown of what I think:Cons:-Some of the bosses feel ""Unfair"". Now Im not necessarily talking about the hardest ones, but some of them just didnt feel satisgying to beat. When I say some, I mean two. There were two bosses I just did not like at all. One of them just takes unnessecarily long, while not providing a sufficient challenge.-Sometimes the visuals can be too overwhelming. Now this isnt an usse for everyone, but for some people this can cause a lot of headaches.-You really need a controller for this game or you are just making it way harder on yourself.-THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. Ill be putting the reasons why in the Pro's, as those pro's are why this game isnt for everyone.Pros:-This game is HARD. It will kill you, over, and over, and over. But thats part of the challenge. Part of the game. You learn new things with each enccounter, refining your skills and your reflexes.-A near perfect difficulty curve. I had no idea how much better I was getting till I went back to practice on some off the first bosses. I demolished them completely. The game gets harder, while you get better, but it always feel challenging.-As far as gameplay goes, The bosses are each unique. They all feel different, and they all give a HUGE adrenaline rush (Unless you are already amazing, in which case you will just breeze through, but I am not amazing)-The sound track. My god. The sound track is absolutely incredible. I have never come across a sound track for a game so fitting, or so.... incredible... (More my opinion this one, but if you dont like the music in the trailers, you wont like the music at all)-The Visuals are stunning. They are dark in the right areas, bright in the right areas, the colours contrastng so well.-Controls. The controls are tight as heck. Dont listen to the reviews saying they are unresponsive or poor. I hate saying this, especially being a souls veteran, and seeing it so much in that community, as its barely any help, but GET GOOD. Practice, work to improve, and you will. The controls work so well, and feel incredibly satisfying.Over all, I give this game a 9/10. This game is an experience I'll never forget, and It was worth absolutely every cent I payed for it.  Thank you."
,Recommended,423230,32198585,Posted: 5 June,all,Plexogonagal,"Possibly the coolest game I've ever played, much better than those games that everyone is so hyped for."
76561198249557872,Recommended,423230,32180251,Posted: 4 June,all,Herosticky,"If you are looking for a game that will test your reflexes, get your adrenaline pumping, and give you a very satisfying experience, then this is the game for you.Also, don't get discouraged by The Line (the third boss); IMHO his first phase is the worst part of the game.  The bosses get way better after that."
76561198135804742,Recommended,423230,32266232,Posted: 8 June,all,misterbiboulac,"Crazy game !For ones who think that video games are not only entertainment but a lot more.This game is the perfect demonstration of how video games can be the 8th art (or 9th i'm dont remember).Artistic direction is just stuning, gameplay is really precise and fair, music is perfectly choosen and immersive..What else to say, play this game is living a unique fighting-poetic experience, and you can be sure to discover something make with the heart.Thank you to all the team for this great game, im sure that you gave us a part of you !ps : i hope that this content is readable/understandable :)"
,Recommended,423230,32099584,Posted: 31 May,all,MY NAME JOSH,"A game that actually pushes you to improve if you want to win.  No new gear, no upgrades, just improvement.  Get this game."
,Recommended,423230,27405932,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,confusedTurtle,"I remember seeing the E3 trailer, with the gameplay of the Burst, and I thought it looked kinda cool. The music was what caught me off guard. So I did some pre-launch research and found the trailer music (and the music for that boss) was done by Carpenter Brut.So I got hyped.My hype paid off though. My initial interest was the music, and I expected an alright game, but I got a very fun and exciting action game to go along with it. The game is minimalistic to the right degree, as you only have 5 real abilities: Shoot, slash, charge, dodge, parry. No intricate combos, no juggling, and no damage sponge bosses. The pacing on every stage of a boss feels just right. In addition, to quote a favorite long time reviewer of mine Acornflims, ""a testament to a good game is that it makes you get better."" And Furi does exactly that. It teaches you the basic controls, keeps them basic, then expects you to learn how to utilize them. But it's also very fair in its difficulty. There is only one boss who can one-shot you, and the move is very well telegraphed and delayed. Also, bosses never chainstun, so one mistake will very rarely ever cascade into your defeat. You can always recover.All in all, Furi turned out to be my GOTY 2016, pretty easily. I highly recommend it, as it lived up to my hype. Even despite the claims that it's short (which it is, to be perfectly fair), it keeps you coming back. Try your best to go in blind, as difficult as that may be so long after launch."
,Recommended,423230,27797750,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,allPOWERFUL,Best sound design of all time 10/10. HARDCORE
,Recommended,423230,24301929,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tauréolé,"To be honest the trailer kinda hit me in the guts really hard. The music, the art, the game description. And boy it is just that.I have yet to finish that game on the normal difficulty (damn 6th...) and i absolutly love everything about it.The controls are enough, all that matter is timed reflexes, anticipation and learning skill. Everything in the game is designed for you to learn bit by bit each fight and at a time win. then repeat the process.I guess it's not a very lenghty game, probably if you're not in speedrun thingy. But for me it is a game that deliver what it was designed for. Pure Fun, Pure Challenge and Pure Music."
,Recommended,423230,24123574,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nyxes,"At the time of writing this review, I've made it through the first three jailers of the game, and I can already say with conviction that this game was worth the purchase, especially if you're a fan of challenging games. It's also worth noting that I've been playing with a controller, and my guess is that playing with a keyboard is a much different experience.The gameplay can be difficult, yes, but not to the point of feeling unfair in any way; the more you play, the more you learn how to spot 'tells' in the middle of the fight and react to them. The combat feels incredibly smooth, and you'll get a feel for the rhythm of things -- so to speak -- fairly quickly. Even though you have a limited set of moves, I can't say that I've found the combat repetitive, likely due to the pace of the fights and the phase system that is implemented. The art style is amazing, and the soundtrack is incredible, and both lend themselves heavily to the overall atmosphere of the game. I will admit, however, that the segments between the fights are a bit slow and awkawrd to maneuver, though they are heavy on exposition; but there is the option of just hitting A/X (depending on what controller you use) to have the game take over your movement controls until you reach the next boss.All in all, a challening, fast-paced game with a great soundtrack and fluid controls. Would recommend."
76561197998601671,Recommended,423230,24292052,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tideswell,"A short review coming up! So this is a special title that might be one of those games that down the line will be seen as a underestimated game. If you like fast paced, top down, awesome new wave music, really cool character designs and bosses then this is the game for you. Actually the whole point of this game is the bosses because that is the only thing you will fight. So it is as simple as that, the strong part is the bosses. They will really put you to the test and not to mention the hardest difficulty is super hard.The only thing that I think a lot of people will not like is the sequences between the boss fights. Because that will be you walking really slowly to the next boss with a ""sidekick"" doing something narration which I really enjoyed. I thought this was a cool concept and the environments you walk through is a real treat. The only thing that I would like is that there was a way to cancel these sequences.So that's my review I hope it helped a bit to make a decision to buy it or not."
76561197994263286,Recommended,423230,24870912,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Clinic,GOOD.  DO LIKE.  FUN GAME.  HARD.
,Recommended,423230,25664735,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,The Dandy,It's like a capcom boss rushif they were fun.
76561198058800461,Recommended,423230,25238516,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,English Narwhal,"This game is no walk in the park, but if you love this kind of game- it is absolutely for you!"
,Recommended,423230,25338839,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Splurfy,"Had a real fun time with this game. Boss Rush meets dual stick gunner meets bullet hell meets hack n slash w/ an awesome sound track. 10/10, would play again."
,Recommended,423230,25345867,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,FANTAK,Devil may cry fan? Get this game
,Recommended,423230,25357501,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pinhead,"This is truly one of the best games I've ever played. It is so unique and so fun that I'd have to recommend it to everyone. The only thing is that it's pretty hard so if you're not into challenging games then maybe stay away, but I think everyone should give it a shot."
,Recommended,423230,25374791,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ZyberLock,Made me rage alot good game. Brings back that old school feeling of getting rekt all the time but when you prevail it feels great.
76561198062150599,Recommended,423230,25395153,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vimto [Season 5 Grand Bronze ],10/10 combat system
,Recommended,423230,25408269,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,dude2o,Check out the video!https://youtu.be/0N6nOV-hjNQ
,Recommended,423230,29806294,Posted: 9 February,all,Zetablaster,"BUY THIS GAME... Now for the actual review.  I usually don't play games that are difficult, but games where after a little practice are still challenging are an exception, games like dark souls and monster hunter.   This is honestly the first and possibly only bullet hell game that I have played.  That is mainly because no other bullet hell game could possibly compare to this one.  Buy it, play it, beat it, and play it again."
,Recommended,423230,30048388,Posted: 19 February,all,Johangir,did you think you were good at video games???
,Recommended,423230,30110383,Posted: 22 February,all,Accel,No More Jailers
,Recommended,423230,31943931,Posted: 24 May,all,eelijah,"this game is pretty good. the main feature is the focus on boss enemies, where like Shadow of the Colossus you are only fighting bosses punctuated by small lengths of storyline/dialog. gameplay is comparable to hack.n.slash games like DMC but can punish slipping up in ways similar to Dark Souls and God Hand. my main complaint is that the voice acting/art style can be kinda cringe in an invader zim type way, pretty twee. if you can get past that you'll probably enjoy it."
,Recommended,423230,24634196,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,XxX_le Binguin_XxX,I would usually rather cut in a corner than play single player games but Furi is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
76561197987209172,Recommended,423230,26484890,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Not a Wizard,"Furi is a hard game, this is something you need to accept before buying. The further in the game you go, the more you feel you are actually getting more and more skilled at the game. The game gives a feeling of being hard but fair...kinda...sorta...hmmmI played furi with a mouse and keyboard, yet i didn't mind the controls everyone keeps complaining about. Actually i didn't mind in the slightest. The trouble comes mostly with how the enemy AI works. The AI for bosses dosn't like to stay consistant with when you are ""allowed"" to attack them. For example, during fights a boss ""commits"" to attacks, or in other words, if you dodge the attack you get an opportunity to attack. This is would be fine and dandy if it were consisntant. Sometimes if you attack quick enough it will work, but sometimes they will just block anyway, or sometimes they just parry you. It's kinda wierd especially in the fight with the swordsman(I don't know his name sry this is explained later) where he will parry you and you sometimes can attack but sometimes you just keep parrying and you don't really know how many times he will try to do that. This could be fixed with a color-coded system. If the game expects you to parry mutiple times before attacking change the color to blue and then back to white on the last parry.Anouther thing is how much time this game sucks up. And not becuase the bosses are so hard (because that is actually a GOOD reason) but becuase everything takes SO LOOONG. The sequeces between bosses where you walk should be cut down significantly. If there was talking all the way through, then these walks would be at least bareable, but your ""companion"" as i'll call him dosn't really talk as much as he should, resulting in long streches of walking without much dialouge. This isn't even the worst thing though asduringthe fights is where a large chunk of time can be lost. The cutscenes in between phases of a boss take away the control of the player and waste SO MUCH TIME. The way that it takes a minute of animation to pass everytime the player loses a life box significantly affects the flow of every fight. You can't skip any of them at all and shouldn't be included in a very difficult game about quick paced combat.This game is very difficult and should have a more complete easy mode. Yes they currently have an ""easy mode"", but that mode is really just cutting content and making itslightlyless difficult. Easy mode should have focused more on reducing damage, increasing parry health gain instead of just directly cutting content. They even shame you at the begining of the game when given the option of difficulty mode. I played through on furrier originally, but accidently lowered the difficulty while fighting the first boss. I couldn't change it back so i just kept going. I enjoyed what little story there is and played again on furrier. My first playthrough was difficult for me, and i probably would have just quit the game entirely if i kept trying to beat furrier as the easy mode is still quite difficult for a first timer of furi.Furi lacks this important flow that most games do well. The lines delivered by your ""companion"", for example, don't hit the mark always. Consider the last fight with the snow lady. He says, for the last timekill the jailer and you will be freebut the walking segment still goes on for around 10 seconds. Howcoolwould it have been if he actually delivered that lineright beforeyou met the boss instead. Timing is everthing with that sort of thing, and this game just ♥♥♥♥s it right up. The flow is killed by things like that, which are relatively easy to fix.The character are pretty neat, but i have no idead what the ♥♥♥♥ their names are. This could be fixed by adding their name above or below their health bars like how darksouls does during a boss fight. It would really make knowing who each character was easier...This game also lacks polish, as some animations are well done, but other's are crudely made or missing entirely(look at your character as he ""falls"" into the pit for the sniper girl there isn't an animation at the begining). The fighting isn't the cleanest either, as parring somehow dosn't feel quite right, and perfect parrys fon't always feel consistant with the white light OR animation of their character. The soundtrack, while good, isn't exellent, in my opinion of course. The game just dosn't feel as tight as it should, but despite that, it is still a very fun experience.This game is fun, but hard, and maybe for not all the right reasons. Despite this it is still worth playing...not 25 dollars worth (so wait for a sale or something) but still a good buy eventually."
76561197994298061,Recommended,423230,25231711,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mert,"No foreplay, all pounding!"
,Not Recommended,423230,28966014,Posted: 2 January,all,SalmonPunch,"I feel bad not recommending this but the dash mechanics in the game feels flawed to me.Its set to trigger after you release the key without any way to cancel or quick dash (intentional from what I've read). Super lame, Would refund but to many hours wasted trying to compensate.But I love the style and story"
76561197985066209,Recommended,423230,24793569,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Lapkine [Fr-Ru-Us/Uk],"Awesome game. Very twitchy, hard but the learning curve isn't too steep (with ONE exception, being the final phase of The Burst which is so insane that it will give you cancer. I am currently stuck at this phase). The mechanics are good, everything feels epic, and the soundtrack is great. I highly recommend you buy the OST as well, because it is sweet."
76561198057336982,Recommended,423230,28204506,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Tom,"An excellent, fast paced, challenging, and fun bullet hell/hack 'n slash combination.The plot is also very mysterious and good.10/10"
,Recommended,423230,32051341,Posted: 29 May,all,RadiantOnyx,"An intensely fun, fast-paced bullet hell/hack-and-slash that focuses on memorising attack patterns and rewards fast reflexes. This is intensely challenging but a lot of fun and remember - the more you fail, the more you learn. There is little to say other reviews haven't already, but personally I really enjoyed this. It took a while to figure out how to play (Read as: Many attempts on the second boss) but soon something clicked and I was able to do this without a problem.Just remember: The jailer is the key, kill him and you'll be free."
,Recommended,423230,24876634,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,airmaverick,"Furi has made me a better person. I want to have this game's babies!Wearing a ""Git Gud"" t-shirt while playing is entirely optional, although you may have a tough time making friends.This game is a beautiful recipe of character design, music, sound, challenging but fair difficulty and the story is quite good for a game based on 10 boss fights. What final choice will you make?Recommended ONLY for those that like Bullet Hell Shmup cross Boss Rush arcade action games. This is those that still appreciate games where you have to practice, require quick reflexes and for those that like an arcade challenge.Final score 10MASTERFUL!"
76561198220149681,Recommended,423230,29117125,Posted: 8 January,all,田口アレックス,Dark Souls ー eat your heart out!
,Not Recommended,423230,32734921,Posted: 24 June,all,Comrade Sprinkles,"A good game, but it's NOT FOR EVERYONE. Don't be fooled by the action tag, this is a bullet hell/sequence memory game primarily.Pros:- Great soundtrack. Seriously, the game is worth it for the soundtrack alone!- Awesome art style. Love the neon toon shaded look, which also makes it perform really well on most systems.- Great tutorial. The first boss teaches the player how the game works very well, you won't be stuck wondering what to do most of the time.- Cool ideas for mechanics. The twin-stick shooter element of the game goes great with the melee combat, very satisfying to play.- Good audio feedback. You can often time parries/dodges on the sounds made by enemies alone. (Although It is a shame the visual feedback is less clear than its audio companion.)- Stopping projectiles by shooting them yourself. (When has this not been fun?)Cons:- No checkpoints at all during fights. Having to re-do entire 15 minute sections of a fight that are menially easy but just take a long time, in order to get back to the difficult part is incredibly frustrating/dull.  The vast majority of the time you spend playing this game is spent getting back to where you were before. I know some people like the 'challenging' aspect of this but it would be really great to get a checkpoint on some bosses after they get down to half health or something. It made playing the game a chore.- Holding the analog stick forward for 5 minutes to get to the next fight. Just do a cutscene or actually let us walk around please, weird camera changey hold analog stick down mode is just annoying.- Unclear visual feedback. For example, parrying in this game often will stop the enemy's combo attack, however sometimes it won't. I have no idea why this is. Therefore it's usually just better to just dodge most of the attacks and parry the last one to get the counter-attack.- Some attacks/enemy phases are simply too unpredictable for you to reasonably beat them first time without prior knowledge of the fight. This would be fine if the aforementioned checkpoint idea were implemented, or if the fights were shorter. However this makes a sort of♥♥♥♥♥♥sandwich with the first con, compounding the two issues.Notes/Conclusion:This is more akin to a bullet hell platfomer than an action game imo, more similar to games like 'I wanna be the guy' or 'super meat boy' than dark souls or platinum games. Some people will like that, I however found it more tedious than challenging.Buy it if you're into very hard gauntlet style games that rely on memorising long action sequences. If you're not into that you will find this game a chore like I did. So I will end by saying that it is a good game, just not my cup of tea, so unfortunately I can't reccomend it."
,Recommended,423230,24127717,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Suhvon,step 1. get pooped on during last phasestep 2. wipe tears away and pray you ♥♥♥♥em up next timestep 3. repeatstrong 8/10one of the best games i've played this year
,Recommended,423230,24126809,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,acezone,2 words. git gud
,Recommended,423230,24224107,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,A Purple Crayon,Yes
76561198002691611,Not Recommended,423230,28923358,Posted: 1 January,all,Slumbering,"The name of the game is discipline and repetitive play.If you like that you'll enjoy.  This is all you really need to know.  Read on if you want.The story is as thin as mosquito net, and the meat and potatoes are the fights in the game.  That being said the fights are limited to how well you can learn each opponent's attack patterns.  There's no big picture or grand build up of skill.  You are powerful, incredibly so, but your power comes from how well you can see patterns and exploit timings.  Find the pattern, execute your moves, win the fight.... always.  Difficulty is a series of hanicaps. The fights really don't change... the story doesn't change.Don't buy for the music (Hotline Miami 2 has a much better soundtrack).Don't buy for the art (The effort is all in the character models).Don't buy for the story (it doesn't matter and when it does... it still doesn't matter).Also the voice is probably the most annoying part of the game.  He's needed because without him it's just a dull walk along a linear path, but his nutter-butter musings are probably as thrilling as absolute silence."
,Recommended,423230,24221546,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zinterax,It's Good.
,Recommended,423230,24206692,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mirage,"the jailer is the key, kill him and you'll be freeintense, insane, minimal story and 10/10 soundtrack"
,Recommended,423230,24135340,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ceut,"New:Okay, so still not working with headset, now playing with earplugs, and the game is amazing!Old:Crashes on launch with headset plugged in, if plugged in after menu, the sound is just broken.10/10, how do you even ♥♥♥♥ that up?Edit:Headset: Razer Kraken 7.1 (USB)Computer:Intel Core i7-4790K CPU @ 4.00GHzNvidia GTX 980"
76561198094902770,Recommended,423230,24133523,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Aeternus,This game is not for boosted animals.
,Recommended,423230,24143928,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SHAME,"Buy this game. Don't even think, just buy this game.10/10. 100/100. Best game."
,Recommended,423230,24176733,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nav,Extremely fun game-play with stellar music. I highly recommend purchasing this if you enjoy a proper challenge.
,Recommended,423230,31607042,Posted: 7 May,all,Pain2368,Simply one of the best Indie Games out there!DObuy this if you want:5-8+ hours of pure (partly pretty hard) gameplaySpeedrun challengesSuperb musical environmentBeautiful game environment(!)A fun and challenging game to play in spare timeWell designed bossfightsDo notbuy this game if you expect:Stunning graphicsTripple A game style Story / Game lengthProgression (Leveling etc.)TL;DR:12/10Furi 2?
,Recommended,423230,24147627,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tedric,"Furi is so satisfying to play. I've completed the game on Furi and Furier difficulty. I have also done 2 speedruns. If you're the type of person that wants to just beat a game once and move on, the length may not be worth the full price tag.The Good:The amazing soundrack, which was the first thing that interested me in the game.Responsive combat and controls. I used a controller, so I can't speak for KB/Mouse.Boss design, and in general, the all around art design of the game.The challenge - Boss fights felt very rewarding, and none of them ever became too frustrating.Neutral:The story - It got more interesting towards the end of the game, but I ultimately wasn't invested in the characters or world.The Bad:The walking ""cutscenes"" in between fights - I usually like to explore when given the opportunity, but in Furi I just hit the auto-walk button and wait until the next boss. Sure, It works for delivering the story and giving you a moment to rest. You also get to listen to another amazing song from the OST, but it discouraged me from exploring and getting extra dialog."
76561198129612653,Recommended,423230,33164118,Posted: 2 July,all,Unabledoom,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,423230,24127030,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,vintage,"Wow. The colors, the OST, the story, the combat. Just wow. 10/10 I recommened."
76561197995113249,Recommended,423230,24143209,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PoilDeFesse,Hard but rewarding. That's fair right?
,Recommended,423230,31735301,Posted: 13 May,all,C O R E Y,It's like hotline miami especially with carpenter brunt in there. Sick game
,Recommended,423230,24164677,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Massive Monk (ARMY),My hands hurt.𝟏𝟎/𝟏𝟎
,Recommended,423230,24160874,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,frede,git gud
,Recommended,423230,24234133,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JeanMe1321,Very fun Twin-stick like fighter meets bullet hell. A very difficult but fair Game that rewards perfect mastery of simple mechanics.
,Recommended,423230,30415380,Posted: 9 March,all,Mentha,"High-intensity, bullet hell + hack-and-slash hybrid gameplay with only a series of boss fights to play through. The fights are separated by walking segments of a couple minutes each, though they can be automatically progressed through with a simple button press. After finishing the game once, you will also unlock a speedrun mode that does not include the walking sections, but can only be played on the normal difficulty. Hard mode remixes attack patterns and makes each boss much more aggressive, rather than changing stats.Fun game, rad and original soundtrack"
,Recommended,423230,30577679,Posted: 17 March,all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),Words can't describe this game...but numbers can - 9/10.
76561198039227604,Recommended,423230,24150095,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,empty,"Let me preface this by saying, this game isn't for everyone. Furi was made with those insane few of us in mind who will spend hours mastering a single boss. If this sounds like something you can get behind, then I cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,423230,29092982,Posted: 7 January,all,Discobot,Haven't had as much fun learning a game since Dark Souls.Plus that music is god tier.
76561197994923997,Recommended,423230,27423439,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ScuM#1,"Truly a wonderful game.Exciting boss fights, that bring a real challenge."
,Recommended,423230,28263949,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ÆpEEK!,It has Waveshaper on the soundtrack and that's an automatic 10/10 from me
76561197965830188,Recommended,423230,29050673,Posted: 5 January,all,Jamaicanmecrazy,This game is amazing. The style is great and the music is rad. I love how intense the fights get. I have been recommending this to all my friends.
,Recommended,423230,27323913,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Internet Knight,"Furi is an amazing ""boss fight"" sometimes bullet hell game where you fight through numerous 1v1 encounters against the folks keeping you on an orbital prison.The combat is well fleshed out and the ""bosses"" are all unique and enjoyable, the music is fantastic and suits every situation they're used in and help pump up the action.The graphics look nice and except a few very, very close looks it never looks ugly.I'd recomend this for the gameplay alone, but the soundtrack and aethetics make this a must get."
,Recommended,423230,30644981,Posted: 20 March,all,Lambontae,"Simple, stylish, and punishing."
,Recommended,423230,31250657,Posted: 19 April,all,marshmeelon,"Frustration is fun for me. 10/10On a more serious note, Furi has a wonderful soundtrack, brilliant graphics and an amazing art style. Each boss is mostly unique and are just so satisfying to overcome. A warning to some people that this game can be inFURIatingsorrybut being a person who plays Hotline way more than I should just because I can, I thouroughly enjoyed every aspect of this game.So if you are ready for a fast paced game and are prepared to die quite a few times, and you enjoy a storyline that isnot directly feededto you like Hotline Miami's storylines, then I highly suggest this game.Also apparently walking between fights is difficult."
,Recommended,423230,30838005,Posted: 30 March,all,ptitbinchen,"Good gamplay, art , music in the same game, what could be better ?"
,Recommended,423230,30886393,Posted: 1 April,all,mr.robodude,Hard but fair. Only parts that feel cheap sometimes is the last stage for every boss. Good game.
,Recommended,423230,31291531,Posted: 22 April,all,Yacht Rockerman,So you think you can game?
76561198110718915,Recommended,423230,25173708,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SirDerpalot,Perfect Parry Simulator 2016Starring the Following Bosses1: Tri-Face wants to hurt you real bad2: Your ex-girlfriend on drugs3: Old man pong simulator4: Acid Man5. Ganon Fight 2.06: Decteptive B**** With Wings7: Not my  problem8: Call of duty leet sniper chick9: Paddle Daddy who wants your very best10: Pushoversecrets: Mainframe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or WE ARE LEGION
,Recommended,423230,29776533,Posted: 7 February,all,Memesse,i ♥♥♥♥ing love it. it´s like a skillful boss rush artstyle is cool
,Recommended,423230,25413951,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Gunter,I've been through the 2nd boss's first three phases 11 times. Never playing this again.Good game.
,Recommended,423230,31100651,Posted: 12 April,all,Supreme Gentleman,"Furi is one of those games that could make you scream in fury (get it?) because of how difficult it is, but you find yourself keep on playing just to beat that one damn boss. The game is basically one huge test of your reflex, and trust me, you're going to die. A lot.Learn to parry, and git gud."
76561198041774909,Not Recommended,423230,29193471,Posted: 11 January,all,Neko,"Cumulatively, my impression of this game is that it's ""alright"". I wouldn't go out of my way to play it, but it's short and decently fun. However, for me it's also entirely forgettable.There's a bunch of small technical issues that really got in the way. The controls are not entirely responsive. The dash has a delay (possibly because it starts charging the moment you press the button), which takes a while to get used to. Homin behavior on the slash attack is sometimes unreliable, albeit rarely. Aim assist on projectiles is the same. I had a lot of audio glitches, and there were awkward moments where the game just stopped for a second or two. It seems that a lot of other people liked this game, so maybe it's just not my deal.Other than that, the art is competent, but it doesn't amaze. The animations are stiff. Some of the music is excellent, some is whatever. The plot is unimpressive. The dialogue is bad. The voice acting is par for an indie game, but nothing to write home about. Still, these issues are a grain of salt because it's an indie game. A lot of it seems to be stretching further than it can reach though.It's hard compared to other games, however the normal difficulty isn't that hard. The difficulty overall was just right, and this was really welcome for me."
76561198038990541,Recommended,423230,31212202,Posted: 17 April,all,Forsaken,"Short but incredibly fun. There's some replayability in the form of getting better ranks/times, but even the first playthrough is worth the price tag."
,Recommended,423230,29835152,Posted: 10 February,all,Camperface,Amazing game.
,Recommended,423230,32577737,Posted: 19 June,all,LastTao,Nice slasher with good style and amazing OST. Sometimes a bit hard but it is really woth it.
76561198041742429,Recommended,423230,25769485,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,samuipr,"This game is a gem! Having a blast with it so far.  It is a Boss battle type IP.  One thing though, it seems to be allergic with SLI which is not a big deal at all.  The gameplay, the art design and the OST are top notch! Bravo!"
,Recommended,423230,29901217,Posted: 13 February,all,Empu0323,This is art.Awesome art style with the best soundtrack in recent years to boot.Play it with a controller.
,Recommended,423230,24220271,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fowks,"My hands are bleeding, My ears and my eyes feels great.Furi/10"
,Recommended,423230,24200360,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,LordTacodip,"To do more what you were meant to do. To become something more than what you really are. This is more than just another fast-paced game. Amazing atmosphere full of mystery, questions, and suspense. Absolutely incredible.11/10 Definitely took me by surprise.Before doesn't matter, what matters most is what you're going to do now."
,Recommended,423230,28963229,Posted: 2 January,all,Kazakhstan,I think I dissapointed Mercy.
,Recommended,423230,28709904,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Antun-chun,"This is a game that got recommended to me by a friend of mine.This is my GOTY 20169.5/10Pros- Fun and challenging gameplay- Beautiful Music- The Scenery- Hard game but it is fairCons- The moment when they want to ""build up"" tension for the next boss battle when you are walking slowly to it and get a narrative experience from ""the voice"" can be a bit bland sometimes and you just want to get to the next boss battle.- Sometimes the boss battles can be a bit longer than they should beShould you buy this game?If you want a challenging ""bulletstorm"" type of game then this is perfect for you. This game is short as well, if you don't have a lot of time to spend I can recommend this (that is if you don't die all the time)."
,Recommended,423230,28536072,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zendo,good
,Recommended,423230,24171403,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,jazxsora,"I've followed this game since the announcement and was initially drawn in by Carpenter Brut's involvement, so hype was high from the start. Then unexpectedly getting to play the game at Pax East and chat with dev Emeric Thoa further increased my excitement.Actually playing the game has completely smashed my expectations. This game is the most hard driving, heart pounding, badass feeling game with the best soundtrack since Hotline Miami. I'm not typically good at bullet hell games but with by learning how the stranger moves and what his abilities are, anyone can get good at the game, but it takes a while to master. The battles are quite a challenge, but like the controls once you learn the enemy you're fighting, you can deal some serious blows in a badass manner.The lulls between matches work wonderfully for both storytelling and cooldown. My one gripe is with the controls during those lulls but pressing A has you automove and lets you really take in these beatiful environments and soundtrack they have created.All in all I absolutely love this game, and cannot wait to see what The Game Bakers have in store next."
,Recommended,423230,24328645,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,tomato,"if you think you might like it, dont even hesitate to buy"
,Recommended,423230,25035186,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Scary Monsters,This game is too beautiful. Too pure. It's a cinnamon roll that's too good for this world.
76561197968813283,Recommended,423230,31894669,Posted: 21 May,all,Mr Blu,"The game is hard in all the right ways. You'll spend numerous attemps trying to down bosses, but once you understand the pace each win feels extremely rewarding. The art style is fantastic and there are a bunch of subtle nods to Afro Samurai (the art director is none other than Takashi Okazaki who is responsible for the design of Afro Samurai).I will say if you play this with a KB/M setup it's going to be 100x more difficult...trust me. The soundtrack is amazing and actually features a few of my favorite producers including Danger (tight af). If you enjoy bullet hell, a good story, and immense frustation this is it. Furi is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197988083653,Recommended,423230,33894786,Posted: 29 July,all,GallowsCaliber,its just so damn good.
76561198090482494,Recommended,423230,34133033,Posted: 9 August,all,Heliotherapy,"Score: 10/10Graphics: 9/10 ( Great art style but can look a bit dodgy in small 'non playable' parts )Sound: 10/10Story: 8/10 ( Not much going on but its not that type of game, and what's given is enough for now )Gameplay: 10/10Performance: 10/10Spec:i7-6700k @ 4.5MSI GTX1070 8GB @ 2050 Core 4404 MemSSDAsus PB278QXbox 360 Wireless Pad*Played at native 4k max settings.Thoughts in game;''Awesome Soundtrack''''Great Art style''''F*** this first boss is hard, best try again''''Ok now the last boss feels easy, THIS lazer shooting, segway riding cyber chick is SOLID''''Holy S*** I did it...took a few tries...great challenge''''Walking upside down to funky synthwave''''Oh wow, now this is hard''''Ah ha, phase 1 done you stupid old git''''oh no phase 2 is hard...lol''-Some Time later after learning to parry better-''Yes phase 2 completed''''Phase 3...''''....''''........''''................''''OK, This is loads of fun, might be a while before I beat this old dude''''Holy F*** I need to take a break I have not got up in 4 and a half hours''"
,Recommended,423230,30544141,Posted: 16 March,all,RodgerSmith,allahım şarkılar çok güzel
76561198178600505,Recommended,423230,30459027,Posted: 11 March,all,Pan_Rozum,Love the way it switches from bullet dodging to extremely intimate sword fighting. Forces you to stand right next to a boss and duel them. Surprisingly great story too. Oh yeah... the soundtrack... several really standout tracks.
,Recommended,423230,30528701,Posted: 15 March,all,Yorkie !!,"Not perfect, but incredibly stylish, fun boss fighter.Insane soundtrackMy GOTY for 2016"
,Recommended,423230,30461234,Posted: 11 March,all,D O N G L E S,Bullet Hell meets action hack n' slash. I'm not even good at these types of games andI fell in love with it. Fight a decent number of unique and challenging bosses. A soundtrack lined with incredible artists putting together some insanely good original tracks. It feels awesome when you get into a flow.Can't recommend this game enough.
76561198049292464,Recommended,423230,30575891,Posted: 17 March,all,Le Dorian,"On a scale of 1 to 10, this game is an elven. And I'd give it a 12.I know this already has been said, but really, this is one of the best game I played recently.+ Precise and punitive gameplay+ Incredible musics and arts+ Best rythm of anygame ever created+ Even the scenario is a blast"
76561198088615969,Recommended,423230,28622198,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,xXShadowOwlXx,"God dam. This game...Furi was for me, by far my number 1 game of 2016. And saying that is actually a surprise to me. I thought something else would be. But out of all the new games i played this year... Furi was just unbelievably hard at times but so satisfying when you had beat a boss fight.The gameplay was simple but crazily addictive with the mix of a great soundtrack makes me happily say that i by far recommend Furi."
76561198079419485,Recommended,423230,28682085,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SodaKid_7,It's chaotic poetry.
,Recommended,423230,28653554,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,NTY's 急死アヘ顔,"Everything I had hoped a Dark Souls game would actually be, then made about a billion times better with a wicked soundtrack and interesting story. If you like fighting games, shmups, or getting your face pushed in (and deserving it) this is the game for you."
,Recommended,423230,28265375,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Minikloon,One of the rare games which doesn't treat the player as a dumbass.
,Recommended,423230,31958751,Posted: 25 May,all,SATAN,Wasn't able to not pay for this game after getting so much ♥♥♥♥♥♥s about it
76561198037680270,Recommended,423230,25855320,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gixkung,"Fast, Strong, Unique."
76561198371090592,Recommended,423230,34724623,Posted: 3 September,all,Ezio,"If you're a weeb like me and dream of being in an anime style fight, here ya gooooo."
76561197984892655,Recommended,423230,29034560,Posted: 5 January,all,Xzeno,"Long story short, Furi was an amazing game from start to finish.Completed the main game in bout 6.5 hours, 1.5 hours spent replaying the game due to a flaw mentioned in the flaws part, +2 hours spent practicing and trying the harder difficulty.Recommend playing the game with controller.Gameplay, graphics, story and OST were all incredible.Gameplay, which in Furis case is combat, was sharp, engaging and almost rhytmic, it was the part of the game most affected by the amazing OST.Graphics were beatiful and the world they depicted was colorful and varied. Artstyle in particular is unique and refined, unifying the characters and the world into a single immaculate work of art. A true reminder that a game never needs triple A graphics to deliver an incredible visual experience.Story was a intriguing trip from the uncertainty to realization, the most interesting part is how many tales it managed to tell me in one package. From the main character to the antagonists, each one possesse a characteristics and personality that had me begging to know more of them, their reasons and their past.OST is definately the jewel of this game. There is not a single aspect of the game that is not amplified by this masterpiece, from engaging combat themes, to the mind soothing backround tunes, this OST kept me completely captivated.The flaws.The walking parts between fights. Even though you can just autowalk trough these and enjoy the soundtrack, I found out that some voice lines seemed to only activate if you derive from the path. This had me wandering around the paths looking for these activated lines, which was a bit annoying since the walking parts were a good time to space out and listen to the dialogue and OST. If you give the players a choice to autoscroll through the walking parts, make sure to give the players a choice to take a scenic & dialogue heavy route or just a straight walk to the next part.One of the endings to the game was abrupt and unexpected, while giving the player a choice is good, the way it forced me to start from scratch after I had witnessed this ""alternate ending"" was a minor annoyance, but a major flaw in desing. For me it was not that bothersome since I was able to make it back to the same point relatively fast, but for players who struggle more with the combat, this might be an arduous task and very very disheartening.Big thanks to everyone who worked on Furi, the game was a pleasure to play."
,Recommended,423230,29035355,Posted: 5 January,all,Eteat,"On the plus side, one of the most satisfying games I've ever played, awesome soundtrack, nice story.On the meh side, It's a bit short (took me around 7 hours, and I'm not good at this type of games) but that also prevents it from becoming repetitiveOn the down side, the graphics aren't that great, and the walking phases are a bit boring (but nothing too serious, plus you can press the a-button to make your character walk on auto-mode).I fully recommend it though if you like a challenge, I'm usually not a fan of hardcore games but this one is extremely fair, and honestly, not that hard once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,423230,27957365,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FlareBlade,"The game was overall great. The gameplay is solid and is very clean. It's a bit repetitevely because you usually just follow the same pattern of Avoid/Block Attack -> Punish -> Reset, but each of the fights are different enough in theme and attacks to keep you invested until the end."
76561198025173573,Recommended,423230,28105185,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Traf,"Do you like boss fights? For one, I love boss fights.I can spend several hours on a game's boss rush mode.Furi is all about boss fights.Story :You're being held captive in a space prison, alone, you don't know why. Then a guy with a creepy rabbit mask breaks your chains. The only thing that stands between you and freedom are nine jailers, one on each floor.The Jailer is the key. Kill him, and you'll be free.Storytelling is mostly done while walking from one boss to another, with the rabbit guy talking to you, giving you insight about the game's story, and telling you about the next jailer you're gonna face.While the story is simple enough, it is sufficient to keep you involved, trying to understand why you were in chains, and what's up with the rabbit freak. And you actually get those answers, not much is left to interpretation.Gameplay :Challenging. In a good way, that is.You get your whole moveset from the get go (well, after the short tutorial), you won't unlock skills or anything like that. And yet, by the time you finish the game, you'll be times stronger than when you started, simply because you will have gotten better as a player.There IS an easy mode, but it's almost like the game is making fun of you for picking it.If you fail, it's your own fault 99% of the time if not more. But don't fret too much : you WILL die. But each time you fall, you get back up with new knowledge.One feature I think is very well thought is the ""rounds"" system :The boss has several ""lives"" (around five per boss). When you get his HP to zero, he loses one and you move on to the next round, each time harder than the previous one, the last one usually being you trying to survive their ultimate onslaught until  they run out of steam so you can finish them off.You, on the other hand, get three ""lives"". When you loses one, you get back up (not without the boss taunting you a bit) and the round starts from zero, giving you a second chance to overcome what just killed you. And everytime you manage to finish a round, you get one life back.The game is pretty short, I'd say around 7 hours for a first playthrough? Depends on how you're doing, really.Replayability is nice though, especially since Hard Mode isn't simply enemies hitting harder, they actually get different patterns!There's a speedrun mode (actual boss rush, no cutscenes, with stats results for each boss), and you can always try to improve your ranks, if you care.So yeah, get a controller if you don't have one, and play this game."
76561198063063384,Recommended,423230,29132059,Posted: 8 January,all,Wolfy,"Beat the first boss first try""HELL YEAH""Tries second boss 3 times and loses""Im going to take a break..."""
,Recommended,423230,29134947,Posted: 8 January,all,Kalnos,Awesome boss rush action game with shmup elements.  Sets a great standard for difficult but fair design.  Awesome soundtrack is the icing on the cake.
,Recommended,423230,27250116,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,milton,;;
76561198009795235,Recommended,423230,27282492,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deutschi,"Awesome music, fantastic gameplay and a real challenge."
,Recommended,423230,27324369,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Iskald,Frustratingly addictive bullet hell game with a great soundtrack.
76561198024989976,Recommended,423230,27695286,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DilonInJapan,"A love letter to classic Japanese games : gameplay makes the game. It needs some getting used to, and you will get spanked at times, even feel the game is cheating you with its not so tight controls, but like many before (Meat Boy comes to mind) Furi wants you to die, and try again, till you get better.In a day where most title like to hold your hand through, Furi gives you a big slap in the face and taunts you, literally (boss dialogue). If you've missed steep learning curves, incredible frustration and overwhelming elation at finally suceeding, don't hesitate. IMHO, one, if not the best game of this year!"
,Recommended,423230,27740525,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Humding3r,"I'm a simple person.I see Carpenter Brut, Danger, and Scattle all in one soundtrack,I buy."
76561198074201420,Recommended,423230,29105143,Posted: 7 January,all,Lando,10/10
76561198034092202,Recommended,423230,29680072,Posted: 3 February,all,ActuallyKun,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DIS IS GUD GAEMImpulse buy after watching a zero punctuation videoIve said it with dark souls and Ill say it for this game YOU DO NOT NEED TO MEMORIZE PATTERNS TO WIN. SURE YOU COULD DO THAT BUT ITS BETTER TO JUST PLAY IT SLOW AND SAFE. Realize that you can't just spam attack like in other games and wait for the opportunity to strike. Ooooor you can just just spam attack, get hit, retry, and then slowly memorize when you can and cant spam attack."
,Recommended,423230,30612383,Posted: 19 March,all,Alzerkaizer,"This is my first review ever and i must say i had never played a indie game like this one, the music is probably the best i heard in a long time because i love this kind of 80s music that give you a sense of purpouse in general the game is very intense , its a difficult game but also a really good one."
,Recommended,423230,30625625,Posted: 19 March,all,CrazyRandomShit,"A fantasticly designed game with intricate and detailed boss fights that will have you trying your balls off to beat. Furier for the sadists that think Dark Souls is too easy. The soundtrack is also superb.Also the DLC bosses are very well made and though Bernard's design is ""unoriginal"" his attacks and behaviour make him an insanely hard boss. Got past his first 6 health bars while basically not breathing for 10 minutes then got tilted when one attack kept hitting me.Buy this game and it's DLC."
,Recommended,423230,30681657,Posted: 23 March,all,The Coen,"This game no joke left me hyperventilating.Fair, intense and unforgiving fast pased gameplay. Furi was without a doubt worth my money and it's probably my favorite game from last year.(I never thought a game could have a better soundtrack than Hotline Miami but oh boy did Furi prove me wrong)"
,Recommended,423230,30687756,Posted: 23 March,all,Shen.,"highly recommendable!awesome game + awesome music = awesome experience....and ♥♥♥♥ bernard, i hate him."
,Recommended,423230,30710594,Posted: 24 March,all,#dota aposentado,"jogo perfeito, bem feito , jogabilidade sem comparacao, 10/10"
,Recommended,423230,30768220,Posted: 27 March,all,Murk Ambiguity,"VERY challenging! I just fell in love wth this game! This game makes you a god at dodging projectiles! and if you play games like league of legends, this game will really train your reflexes in dodging skillshots!"
,Recommended,423230,29286257,Posted: 15 January,all,Athakaspen,"This game is amazing. I love bullet hell games, and this is Exactly the difficulty level I love: Hard enough that it'll take you several attempts, but not so hard you have to devote a lifetime of study to it to be able to finish. The reaction-based close up sword fights are just as fun, and it does a perfect job of balancing the two. The fights all use the same basic mechanics, but they are different enough that each one feels unique, and the voice clips (though repetitive) succeed in giving each guardian it's own personality."
76561198126227410,Recommended,423230,29338963,Posted: 18 January,all,FancyFerret,"Finally finished the game.And yes, i do really recommend the game if you like a challenge."
,Recommended,423230,30625765,Posted: 19 March,all,arcticmi,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ so much adrenaline!
,Recommended,423230,29268329,Posted: 15 January,all,TheFifthMoon,"Half bullet hell, half hack and slash, Furi is a game that requires patience and accuracy. It punishes mistakes, but it rewards players who learn a boss's pattern. It's a solid game that gives any skilled player a good challenge (and a rage here and there).Furi's art style, soundtrack, and character design gives the game an excellent atmosphere with great tension between boss fights.If you enjoy boss rush games that test a player's skill level, then Furi is for you."
76561198071310897,Recommended,423230,29398096,Posted: 21 January,all,Pylot,"Most pure form of hardcore focused battling, direct 1v1 vs very powerful and punishing bosses. Absolutely love it.Not for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,423230,27016203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McStebb,"If I was asked to describe this game in one image, it would be this:http://i.imgur.com/mHh6voE.png"
,Recommended,423230,27016697,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red_Algae,This game will make you suffer and you'll be asking for more. It's a pure beauty
76561198090142950,Recommended,423230,27048826,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pepe Avery,You don't level up the main character. You level up yourself.
,Recommended,423230,27269093,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anguish,good
,Recommended,423230,27439789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blackcorn,"This game was quite a surprise when I've played it. Hard and straightforward like any old arcade game but with an amazin artistic direction, from the soundtrack to the voice, the visual graphics and even the story (it needs to be played until the end to get the whole picture). My only regret was to not have a choice about ending each fight by a death sentence or not, however it makes a lot more sense at the game since the whole story and character is built on it (I won't spoil more). If you are a very hardcore player and what to struggle a lot, the highest difficult level will be the challenge you are looking for, beleive me. Speedrun elements are also included in the game which is very much appreciated. The Game Bakers managed to produce a quite unique game everyone should try if you enjoy arcade games or boss fight situation (since this is only about it!)."
,Recommended,423230,27608813,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daddy,"This game is a truly great and difficult game. If you lose, it's due to your own mistakes as EVERYTHING is telegraphed. Even with everything layed out in front of you, the correct response may not be readily available. The character design was done by the same guy who created Afro Samurai and it shows. The boss fights can feel a little grindy at certain points but the combat feels so fluid that I can forgive it."
,Recommended,423230,27818630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sepiks Prime,"Game is Poetic as Hell. Hard as Hell. But Gratifying as Hell.For my first Bullet Hell, i completed it in 5 hours on Furi. I got a bloody D as my overall grade at the end after choosing the good guy ending. Even with such a crap grade, i got the same feeling as i did when i cleared my first playthrough of Dark Souls. It's that feeling of wanting to do it again, but even better and HARDER."
76561198033063891,Recommended,423230,28150276,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,rajan1981,"Furi is easy to pick-up but difficult to master.  It's basically a character action boss rush game with shmup elements.  It also has a cool aesthetic and fun sci-fi story.  The combat is fast paced, challenging, and most of all, really fun.Absolutely worth the price!"
76561198000852812,Recommended,423230,29048331,Posted: 5 January,all,Rahzum,"A wonderful demonstration of what Unity can do when a team with drive, artistic merit, and a good idea are behind it, Furi is a Hack and Slash Bullet Hell Boss Rush with a demented sensibility and a surprisingly melancholy story. A series of Jailors stands between you and freedom, and you must kill them all to become free. Who you are and what your freedom will mean is only revealed in bits and peices and in passing, giving the game a good sense of wonder and mystery, despite it's short run time.The only complaint I have is that the 'True' Final boss of the game spoils a lot of the mystery that makes Furi engaging, calls to question a lot of character motivations, and locks the Final Boss behind an absolutely *bafflingly* stupid moral choice that even Bioware would have called too ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to put in.But if you turn off the game after the credits and before the epilogue? You're left with one hell of a ride."
,Recommended,423230,29256038,Posted: 14 January,all,bassreactor,"1st time with 1st Boss - ""I really suck at this game""1st Boss after beating game once - ""I don't remember this boss being so easy""This game will improve your skill."
,Recommended,423230,26993259,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tristan379,"Great soundtrack, challenging but fair difficulty curve, amazing soundtrack, a lot of replayability, really good boss music, a speedrun mode to master, a soundtrack that only Undertale can compete with, and extremely well designed bosses.Overall a great game that I replayed multiple times to get all achievements and perfect the story modes. I still have boss fights left to beat in practice as well, so if you're a perfectionist expect to get a lot out of this game."
76561198097721473,Recommended,423230,27570080,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,2MuchSwag4Putin,"""Do you recommend this game?"" lol"
,Recommended,423230,27883927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Scriptimus,Top class gameplay with a superb soundtrack!
76561198097059257,Recommended,423230,27892890,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Galbrei,"Fast-paced, challenging and stunning to look at and listen to. The game may be short but if you like a challenge you'll probably be back to test yourself against the higher difficulties and even after that you might just keep listening to it's amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,423230,28141657,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Salt God,"Difficult but great game. Soundtrack and gameplay is amazing. All of the boss fights are different enough to each be a unique experience and be memorable. As all the fights are pattern-based there's a lot of trial and error but it's all entirely fair. Each fight gives you opportunity to regain health and if you failed a dodge, parry, or attack, you know it's your own fault and not poor control design. I only wish that more of the lore was exanded on and not just implied."
,Recommended,423230,24184560,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Done,gg ez
,Recommended,423230,24184372,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ZenManDj,"Improves ur focus , A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥+."
76561198048242752,Recommended,423230,30647424,Posted: 20 March,all,belk1,its good. get it and git gud...
76561198000731909,Recommended,423230,30647785,Posted: 21 March,all,BrainDps,"Furi is a challenging and punishing game. It is pretty much moving from one boss battle to the next with some one sided dialogue from one of the supporting characters to provide context and story.It's stylish, smooth, and one hell of a challenging ride."
,Recommended,423230,30854980,Posted: 31 March,all,Yehnli,"Colorful characters and fast paced gameplay, a very good mix of story and action. I did find some of the fights a little tedious, but overall it's very good."
,Recommended,423230,31339531,Posted: 24 April,all,OSad,"Top-notch gameplay, befuddling plot.Real uh, award-winning ending."
,Recommended,423230,31551305,Posted: 4 May,all,RoninAtWar,Beautiful soundtrack.A few annoying bugs.Hard but FairDark Souls - The Bullet Hell
,Recommended,423230,32186342,Posted: 4 June,all,onFyre,"This game is the best kind of hard.Every miss, counterattack or fall could have been avoided, and was telegraphed to you. The colours might just look like they wanted a synthwave aesthetic, but everything has a meaning and you can tell the properties of every bullet and beam, while still looking really sweet. This means every fight is fair. Some of them could be more fair, like some ranged-focussed bosses probably needed their patterns spread over one more health bar so you didn't have to do so many at once, but it's still possible, no, feasible to beat them without taking a hit. Barring a few rare glitches and slowdown, or camera weirdness, (it's still a Unity game) you always know what you could have done to avoid that hit.This game is just bosses. The devs clearly noticed how the best parts of Metal Gear Rising and No More Heroes and the like were when you were duelling someone with similar powers, so they left out almost everything but that. It's not as relenless as that sounds though, there's a breather between each fight to give you some sorely needed explanation as to what's going on. More importantly, each boss is contrasted with the next in fighting style or attitude to you, usually both. If you talk to someone about this, you'll probably have a different bosses that you loved more than anything, could barely touch and walked all over.Get this game if you love those duel bosses, a surprising subtle story, and the sweet cyber sounds of Carpenter Brut and the like."
,Recommended,423230,32278074,Posted: 8 June,all,Sebocto,Amazing.
,Recommended,423230,32322173,Posted: 10 June,all,1nonly,"Probably one of the most difficult games I have ever played but so hard to let down.  This game is essentially a series of boss battles with no real story to pay attention, just patterns to remember and getting beaten over and over.  This game is only recommended for those who love challenges."
,Recommended,423230,30968905,Posted: 5 April,all,nep nep,"Great game if you're up to a challenge and don't mind retrying over an over again, and if you complete the game you unlock a higher difficulty if it was too easy.Also it's a bullet hell which makes pretty much anything good.Also there's a DLC which is supposed to be very hard but I haven't bought it yet.Edit: OH♥♥♥♥♥♥I ALMOST FORGOT TO MENTION THE SOUNDTRACK, THIS GAME HAS ONE OF THE BEST SOUNDTRACKS I'VE EVER HEARD"
,Recommended,423230,31031947,Posted: 8 April,all,angelo18lopez,"i got to say this game is awsome .  i havent have this joy in ages !!!why you may ask , the combat style and the way the controls are . the story behind is getting interesting .it takes a bit of time to get use to the controls , once you got the hang of it . the gameplay flowsi been really happy playing this game , im looking forward to finishing it , see how harder the opponents get !"
,Recommended,423230,31428721,Posted: 28 April,all,Sleeper,Solid game. Great soundtrack. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,423230,31486063,Posted: 1 May,all,Yung Princess,On my top 5 favorite games list. Play this game.
76561198046897109,Recommended,423230,31589749,Posted: 6 May,all,Trailsmix,"This game is just FANTASTIC. It is a truly difficut game, being a mix between a bullet hell and kind of a beat-em up, but has a high reward for just beating a boss. Each of them unique, and intriguing in their own right. Reminder that this is a increadibly hard game, it takes knowing when to dodge or parry, as well as knowing when to stop fighting. Just be careful that you don't die."
,Recommended,423230,31650503,Posted: 9 May,all,SWXY :'D,"Game title describes what I'm feeling right now after fighting the final boss.Please remember to use your charged beam.If you are looking for a game with a great story, don't get this.If you are looking for a way to build your patience, get this."
,Recommended,423230,31622774,Posted: 8 May,all,YADANGUS,"Challenging in the best possible way. Easily comparable to a single player fighting game.Surprising amount of variety in combat, incredibly rewarding, soundtrack is awesome as wellIf you like action games pick this up I would be floored if you didn't like it."
76561198103668838,Recommended,423230,30635008,Posted: 20 March,all,Batke,"This game is awesome, it's my favorite game right now. It's 100% skill based, and you always want to improve and get better. The bosses and environments are all really unique and the music is great. Completely recommend."
,Recommended,423230,30659524,Posted: 21 March,all,MAGi,worth it
,Recommended,423230,30664306,Posted: 21 March,all,megacorpse,"Good soundtrack, and fluid, fun and interesting mechanics. There are also various different styled bosses, which is a really great thing. I personally liked The Edge's fight the best, he's like the mega super proto surfer dude who you really angered."
,Recommended,423230,30706671,Posted: 24 March,all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,"Left, right. A, A, A, dash behind, B, A, A, A.....I swear on my grave I dream of the patterns of this game in my sleep. I have not been so taken by a game in such a while...Finally, a game that is brutal, challeging, yet, fair. After beating this game a dozen times over, Furier mode answered my call of a truly challenging feat. AND a sick soundtrack to boot?! This game is everything to me. I t takes me back to my true addiction of impossible NES games like Ninja Gaiden, or games like Shinobi. The story plays out like an alternative Shadow of the Colossus, the visuals are truly breathtaking. It's as if the cinematics were well thought out. I have played this thru and thru, and I still find myself enticed by the surrounding worlds as you walk onward to your next battle.Do you like getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked while listening to emotional adrenaline pumping tunes? Do you like to make hard games look easy? This might be for you. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,423230,30716467,Posted: 24 March,all,FistMeDaddy,Yaes!
,Recommended,423230,24256715,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bonsewswesa,"It's short (but not if you like replaying), difficult enough and has a ton of style. Yes, the price is a bit high but Furi has a lot of class and polish in its mechanics, everything feels super satisfying and well-made. The story and world also had my attention.It's not the most complex game ever but it has enough depth and requires enough precision to keep you on your toes pretty much the whole time, with a hard mode unlockable later on that changes the bosses' behaviours if you're into that. Apart from 2 of them, the bosses are all varied and great fun to fight but I will say that the final boss nearly made me break my mouse.Note to Game Bakers: If you guys do end up making DLC bosses, I highly, HIGHLY recommend that you make mini-campaigns for them instead of releasing one at a time on their own. That way players can still have a goal when fighting (to unlock the next boss and see a cutscene or something) and have an actual in-game reason to beat a boss instead of just to say ""I beat it."" It doesn't even have to be the same player-character, as long as the bosses are good I don't think anyone will care."
,Recommended,423230,24282387,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,♡,People that enjoy Dark Souls and Ravio's design from Legend of Zelda: Link Between Worlds are probably going to enjoy this game.I had enjoyed this game.
76561197973703998,Recommended,423230,24251552,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Data,"Great artsyle. Great music.Combat is punishing but rewarding.There are no one-shot mechanics. You can take a few hits, and there are room for error. The challenge lies in how long the fights are.The combat have clearly defined rules so there are no surprises. All attacks that you can parry while have a white glow around it. If the boss is golden you can't hurt it. Simple but robust rules. During my few hours with the game I have come across no BS.All in all, a very good game if you like the Bayonetta/DMC/DS-type of combat.The biggest downside to the game is that it is a bit costly for a smaller indie (?) title.Considering there are some graphical jank outside of the combat, I feel the game should fall around the 15-20 dollar mark."
,Recommended,423230,24281572,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AAM,"An amazing game, loved the art design in it, the gameplay, and most of all the music is truly astounding. A game that provides a real challenge, there were times where I almost broke the controller but it's been a while since a game proved as challenging as Furi. Also there are a lot of references from Afro Samurai which is great. All in all, if you are looking for a game that is challenging and is only boss fights then it is definitely worth the purchase."
76561198020921585,Recommended,423230,24258513,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BOT-Offline,"I must say, super fun game. Even on normal difficulty you have to be good to proceed to the next level. Music is fun, story is creepy awesome and just overall super fun to play. I must say, sometimes I wanted to throw my controller through my monitor, but once you beat the level.. super great feeling.Also PLAY WITH A CONTROLLER, or you will never get past any levels.. promise."
,Recommended,423230,24307761,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jet Edge (✿ ♥‿♥),"now I know why this game is called furi, IT FILLS ME WITH RAGE AND FURI!!!"
,Recommended,423230,24261421,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rett_,"I have to say I saw a bit of the game on peeves stream and I loved it at first sight it is by far one of my favorite games. The art direction the music the reaction time you need to have to be able to beat the game, it just all combines into this one perfect little box that just sits nicely but egging you on to open it up once again and again for a better score or faster completion time or to beat the Furier difficulty level. Which in all fairness is what Ng+ should be. I loved this game from start to finish and I have to say even though the 25$ price tag is there its still very much worth the purchase. I give this game a 10/10 for what it is i.e. a bullet hell, hack and slash, boss batlle only, shooter,that requires skill. Each boss battle is different from each other but they all prepare you for the next one. Though the game has a learning curve over all you need to remember each boss does something different and youll need to react accordingly. Again 10/10 from me!"
76561198040215186,Recommended,423230,24285311,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Robo,"Stylish satisfying combat that is difficult without being frustrating. If you like character action games with afro samurai aesthetics and bullet hell dodging, pick this game up"
76561198078317925,Recommended,423230,24251062,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,IN OPTIONS,"its an action game with twin stick elements where the whole game is a boss rush. The game is slightly a bullet hell, but the focus is dodging past it all correctly and going in with the sword. Its really fun because no fight overstays its welcome, which makes every fight feel alive; secondly, its slightly difficult which will keep you on your toes. Its runs smoothly, its got stylized graphics, a fantastic soundtrack, and an interesting story concept with extreemly minimalistic plot.My only gripe is that I feel the parts where you walk to the next opponent do last a tad longer than they need too, and the price is a bit much for how short the game is. As someone who has good reflexes in games, beating this game for the first time was similar to how long it took to beat superhot or hotline miami.But even then, it has some replay value with a grading system, and speed run mode.I'd give it 7 to 8/10"
76561198010296643,Recommended,423230,24289080,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,REKTUM,"This game is fun. Gameplay is fast paced, story contains some suprising depth, and it looks really nice."
76561197996144272,Recommended,423230,24309049,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Mr. Batz,"Insanely fast paced, Beat-em up gameplay with a load of dodging bullets beams and sword slashes.  By far one of the best games to be playing this July!"
76561197985562658,Recommended,423230,27237593,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tweedledumb,It's been four months and I'm still listening to the soundtrack every single day.Pretty awesome game too.
,Recommended,423230,27518679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quacker,Want a game that requires you to learn the mechanics over and over again and eventually make your own way to beat the boss? This is your game!!!!
76561198036868400,Recommended,423230,27528787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lorling,"Finally, a challenge! I have never played a game this challenging. Getting hit always felt like a mistake, rather than ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The world and story felt very strange and mysterious, which is good since it gets you thinking.Definitely recommend this to anyone who likes a challenge."
76561198044956018,Recommended,423230,27668151,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,A/0,"Fast paced, skill based hybrid between a bullet hell and a kind-of character action game. With gorgeous walking simulator interludes. Awww those parrying mechanics!"
,Recommended,423230,27755076,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Diozide,"Smart, purposeful, intense and fun.A game that hones you to become a boss."
76561198029357453,Recommended,423230,27024653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mister NU,"This game is a trip. i reccomend you go for a ride. it'll shake you up if you're not used to close combat in your bullet hell, so be ready for a fun experience."
76561198044986245,Recommended,423230,27032283,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Plasma,"Refreshing, and with its price being $15 right now I'd say its a good a time as any to get it. Especially consider if you're a fan of Afro Samurai, as it is reminiscent of it at times, likely due to having the same character designer."
76561198053462690,Recommended,423230,27046085,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darblet,"Fun, Great music, can't beat the sewer boss, raged out"
,Recommended,423230,27128240,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neko_urself,Like Bullet Hell?Like Hack and Slash?Like very skill based gameplay?Like sick synth OST?Heck this is your game dawg!
