user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198267791186,Not Recommended,423580,32188981,Posted: 4 June,all,michael.doerneman,"OK -  So, Are you looking for SimTower?  Well This game, is sorta like SimTower.I was feeling nostalgic and was truely missing the old days of playing SimTower when I was a kid (ironically 20 years later- I go to work everyday as an architect).  The nostalgia.  The feeling of getting taller and taller as your economy grows.  I remember just LOVING that opening sound with SimTower that epic (kong/kong) that to this day... I have no idea what it really was;  But mannn I sure loved hearing it as people poured in from my metros every morning and flooded my tower;THE REVIEW;Project Highrise is very much simular to SimTower,  It harks back to the wonderful days of 1990's when graphics cards wern't a thing.  And your game could have 42 colors.  It sounds like it It looks like it, but some of the gameplay elements that I so dearly loved.  Were changed (how... why?... Whyyy?)ELEVATORS+GOING VERTICAL:Going vertical in Project Highrise just doesn't feel like a challege.  Which, for some people may be cool.  But for me.  It was definately not a cool thing.  I loved how SimTower had a somewhat challenging elevator managment system;  Elevators had a maximum number of cars and you could see them do their little dance every morning-  completely removed in Project Highrise.  It's like people go into the wall and pop out somewhere else.  Which, is so depressing.  The mechanic isn't challenging and there isn't a feeling of diversity in creating spaces.  I would love to see a more challenging elevator system worked in;  Limited number of elevator cars, cars that skip stop on levels, stairs, esclators, elevator height limits- those were the BREAD AND BUTTER of SimTower; Removed...  What WAS added however was a rather complex ""closet"" system.  Where players are challenged to manage the vertical movement of resources up the tower.  You provide, water/cable/phones (which is suprizingly realistic to how real towers work) - And I was actually quite exicted to see this worked into the game;  Although.  It didn't feel very complex.  it was more or less.  Build it.  Have enough of it. and keep buildling more of it.  Which.  left me with a very luke warm...Score: 4/10Verdict; Not challenging.  Boring even.   And actually borderline FRUSTRATING.  As this mechanic seems so VITAL to get right in a tower building game.CUSTOMIZATION:Ok.  Project Highrise takes the cake here.  There's LOTS you can fit in your tower.  Copy Rooms, Computer Service Rooms, Florists, Cafes, Fast Food, Sports Bars.  The list goes on.  Which is great.  I particularly loved how the Lobbies can be customized and you can bling out your tower good ole' Donald Trump Style.  It feels cool.  Although. going back to the vertical transportation diversity issue.  Organizations of what goes were: sorta matters.  But sorta doesn't.  You can place the office service/maids room 50 floors away from your best executive offices.  And they fly up the magic elevators like they are only the next door over.  I felt very much not challenged.   It was fun seeing how Storage space is required for your shops, but their relationship in the tower to the shops didn't matter much;  So long as there was an elevator somewhere to that floor, everyone seemed to think that 1 elevator was enough.Score: 8/10Virdict; I'll give some bonus points in this genre, because it genuinely made the game really fun to play for about a day or so; and then I got bored.  Placing chairs in a lobby isn't really worth 20.00. Not to mention that after playing 10 or so hours I had money up the wazzoo.  So although the feeling of being able to build ANTYHING (workshop?! heck yes) is cool.  It's pretty boring in the grand scheme of things when there's not much challenge of making it work.POPULATION / GAME MECHANICS / ECONOMYOk.  The metro station;  THE METRO STATION!  It was the collest thing in SimTower.  You could see all the little sprites buzzing around your basements and it felt like a little New York City maze down there.  Unfortunately.  Project Highrise.  Missed the mark again.  The metro connection takes up something like 8 or so tiles.  It's not animated very ""interestingly""... It's just some gates that brings people to the tower.  And it's not even very many people!   I wanted to create a great subterranian metroplex full of shops and buzzing with people.  Instead.  It felt more like... a bombshelter with storage rooms and IT support closets... It Just wasn't as glamourus as I expected.  Not to mention that Luxury shops arn't very luxurious underground in Project Highrise so tennants just kept leaving.  It didn't feel very well thoughtout.  My underground megamall just wasn't going to happen  under my mile high office tower. and my office tower wanted food and dining.  But they didnt' want to eat undergound (next to the metro station).Economy;  What economy.  I suppose to be fair;  SimTower wasn't exactly challenging to make money.  If you wait, money will come.  But Project Highrise didn't really offer any challenges with organizing my tower.  The game managment didn't really offer anything more than picking some wallpapers for my lobby... which.  Like I said before, was slightly cool.  But... the coolness wore off fast.  And the feeling of ""being challenged"" was non-existant.Score: 2/10Verdict; Snore.  And starting to regret paying as much as I did for a game that missed the mark in so many places.Final Verdict;Is the game worth 25 dollars?  well. Sure. considering that going to a movie and being entertained for 1 hour costs 12.00 these days.  Sure.  Project highrise is about as exctiing as that overpriced craft beer that you bought to impress that hotty totty date you brought along.  It was cool for about 2 seconds.  Your friends were like; Oh.  Well- I didn't order that one...  And the next day you're left thinking.  Wow.   Why didn't I just order a water.Is the game worth a good review?Eh. Nah.  When I started, I was thinking oh, hopefully they address this... and after a while I thought... Yeah. No.  they're not going to change it.  So It's just kinda a bummer to see such a good attempt to hit a home run and instead just get a face full of dirt.Overall Score46% Positive Points from me."
,Not Recommended,423580,28223537,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Dieselhead,"This is a very well made game and if you enjoy these kind of managment games (not just Sim Tower but games like Theme Hospital, Anno, Banished, Settlers etc) you will probably be able to spend a few hours playing this. There are some issues with things you'll see other people complain about, mainly the speed of the game and some UI details. There is however another huge problem that sits at the very core of the game that I haven't seen mentioned in the other reviews.The game is basically split into two paths, Offices and Apartments. Both of these paths work in almost exactly the same way. You start by building either an Office or an Apartment. After this you need to build supporting rooms that will provide services for the main room. For example an Office might require a Copy service room. This room will have a couple of people working in it that run around between your Offices and service them. The same system is in place for Apartments only with different types of services. If you lack the correct service for the Offices or Apartments the tenants will be upset and move out, resulting in a loss of income. You can pick between different tenants for your rooms, some who will pay more than others in rent but require more services.So you build Offices and Apartments to generate income, and service rooms that cost money to run but in the end are essential to keep your tenants happy and paying rent.The core problem I am talking about is that the progression is only done by having larger and larger Offices and Apartments, that require more and more services. There are Small, Medium, Large and a couple of other types of Offices but they all do the same thing. Generate money. This means that you can simply build a bunch of Small Offices and enough services to keep them happy, set the game speed to fast forward and build up a huge bank. Once you got enough money you can just start building the largest Offices, that generate the most money per tile, and skip everything in between. You can also destroy your Small Offices because they are just the same as the large ones except not as efficient.This is slightly simplified but it highlights the problem that is there. Games like Anno solve this by having each tier of buildings still be required at all times. Even the end game buildings require materials produced by the very first buildings you place. In Theme Hospital patients with the same kind of illness you treat on the first level will still be wandering into your hospital on the final level. In Project Highrise there is no reason to have Small Offices once you've saved up enough money to build a couple of Large ones.It really pains me to post a negative review for a game like this. I have huge respect for the people who make these games and the work they do to make their games a reality. If it was possible I would have flagged this as ""Yes, but be aware of these things"" but I'll have to settle for a No."
76561198343564648,Recommended,423580,32740129,Posted: 24 June,all,Lv01 Magikarp,"Initial ThoughtsProject Highrise is a great little game that has done what people wanted, a modern Sim Tower; although a lot of the negative remarks surrounding this game are from Sim Tower fans (Which yes I can relate, I too wish the elevators acted similar to Sim Tower) you need to remind yourself this isnotSim Tower so things are going to be different!Gameplay1-2-3-4-5-6-7-[8]-9-10The idea is simple, build a tower and make cash; how you go about doing this is down to you. There are plenty of dfferent things to build in Project Highrise ranging from your small ""Kwik-E-Mart"" stores to 24/7 Diners, the larger stores, hotel rooms, offices etc get unlocked as your tower increases in revenue, fame and other factors; the amount of progression in this will be keeping me hooked for a long time; start small finish huge with a fancy Casino on the top floor.During managing where to place your new rooms (Shall just refer to everything as rooms to make it easier) you have to factor in things like your electricity, water, gas, cable and phone suppies on top of certain clients that you rent a room too might only be happy if your tower has certain amenities for example a courier service that will travel 40 floors to pick up Miss Snobby Lawyers package so she doesn't have to leave her office.Things start out quite easy at first but if you're not careful can spiral out of control, I started much like most with a modest income making slow progress then was making quite a lot of cash, I got ahead of myself as I had unlocked various upgraded rooms (Enter miss snobby and her demands) and had taken on a contract to get X number of X types of clients working in my tower. This led to the degeneration of all my other residents rooms (because ♥♥♥♥ you i'm not paying to clean up just yet) whilst I scrambled to place a cookery service and other various amenities that these high paying people wanted. Fast forward a few days and I have my new amenities which has drained my power and overloaded my phones leading to all these high paying clients to tell me to go f myself whilst moving out.To sum that up, the game will challenge you and will provide you with plenty of goals and satisfaction as your tower grows and gains popularity.Gameplay / Controls1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-[10]Controls on a game like this are never exactly rocket science or need discussing, simple and easy to use.Visuals1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-[9]-10Love the art style of everything, like the controls you don't really expect anything mind blowing.Sound1-2-3-4-5-6-[7]-8-9-10Don't generally pay much attention as I have mostly been listening to music whilst playing, again nothing amazing, not that you'd expect it to be, typical traffic noise, chatter and patter of footfall etc.Overall1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-[9]-10Overall I love the game, I originally bought just the base game and after 30 minutes got a refund to purchase the package as I knew it was a game I will be playing for a long time.There is plenty to do in the game with various tiers / upgrades that don't just give better rewards but also come with their own challenges, it's not just as simple as unlocking them and placing a better store down as that better store will expect more from YOU the owner.Hugely recommend this game to anyone that enjoys management games or was a fan of Sim Tower back in the day; just remember this isn't Sim Tower, not everything can be the same, elevator management isn't really a thing in this, like other reviewers have said they pop in one door and out the next, which is quite down heartening but I am hardly going to let such a minor point ruin the experiance and beauty of this game.Pick it up full price or on sale, worth every penny."
76561197972207073,Not Recommended,423580,25449792,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hopback,"Think of Project Highrise as Sim Tower Lite. It takes the basic idea of Sim Tower and puts a modern game design spin on it. It works in that the UI is clean and easy to navigate, but in general, the game is quite simplistic. After just 4 hours of playing, I have a decent mid-size tower with a Metro, underground mall, offices, and apartments. All the while, money is pouring in and I have no problems with cashflow. I'll try it at higher difficulty, but that's not my biggest complaint.This game lacks the complexity and nuances of Sim Tower. The most glaringly obvious difference is the elevator system. Everyone who played Sim Tower remembers the stress of managing elevator cars, but that added to the challenge of building up a tower. Build too high too quickly, the elevators can't keep up. Express elevators were a solution, but that's additional cost and maintenance. In Highrise, there seems to be an infinite number of elevator cars that just appear when needed. While it removes the need to micromanage, it also takes with it a huge part of the game's challenge.The tower upgrade system is too easy to come by. You just wait for stars and prestige, then upgrade. In Sim Tower, you had to wait for the all-important VIP to come and review your tower for the next star. That visit, from the moment of the notification until the VIP leaves, added anxiety and anticipation to the game. Who didn't follow the VIP around the entire stay? We all modified elevator schedules so they wouldn't have to wait too long. Who didn't go into panic mode when a terrorist attack struck at the same time? It added to the fun of the game! In Highrise, there's no such thing. You just sit and watch the numbers rise or fall.And then there's the multiple variations of each unit, i.e. small office, medium office, large office. In a game that already sets a very narrow limit on lot-size, having these odd-sized units can be extremely frustrating. You can be left with 6 spaces on a floor with large offices when you need 7 spaces for one more unit. One simple improvement would be to note the space count in the unit description window. But, honestly, I miss the more limited number of unit types in Sim Tower. You can easily plan each floor of your building. In this case, Highrise adds complexity but it doesn't help the game.So all in all, while the game is entertaining, it starts to dull out pretty quickly. Maybe it's because of my anticipation and expectation for a perfect spiritual successor to Sim Tower, but Highrise just doesn't hit the mark. For $20, it's alright... but I would suggest waiting for a big sales discount to make it worthwhile. I'm just waiting for someone to make Sim Tower playable on a modern machine.edit: corrected a word"
,Not Recommended,423580,30905547,Posted: 2 April,all,MetaChimp,"Summary: More tedius than enjoyable.  There are so many frustrating things about the design of this game.  I'm not talking about needing to plan ahead and strategize (I absolutely love Factorio, and SimTower).  But this game does not provide you the information you need to accurately plan ahead, and forces a bunch of blind trial-and-error, then punishes you for every error with lost ""stars"" for every change you need to make.  I truly appreciate attention to detail, and in many ways, it's lacking in this game.  I unlocked just about everything and really tried to enjoy it (and bring back the fun of SimTower from back in the day), but it was overall more frustrating than fun."
76561197975745917,Not Recommended,423580,30676297,Posted: 22 March,all,Victarus,"I don't know how to review this without sounding harsher than I want to. I don't *hate* this game; it just isn't what I wanted, and it tries to pretend to be that too often for me to be comfortable with.What I wanted was a modern SimTower. For those who don't know, SimTower is a classic mid-90's Maxis game where the core gameplay mechanic is handling elevator traffic: You place offices and apartments, but the basic problem you're always fighting against is handling the massive flood of people trying to get from points A,B,C to points X,Y,Z during rush hour. There are other mechanics around this to throw a wrench in things — offices don't like having heavy traffic outside, hotel rooms need a front desk and cleaning staff, etc. — but it all revolves around that core of dealing with the traffic these units generate.The issue is Project Highrise has no core: Every mechanic is so shallow that it's basically a mobile game. Every problem you have to solve is either trivial (put a place for garbage near your restaurants, throw one of the various service rooms in the basement if you need another one), waiting (need more money for X), or busywork (go through every unit and pick a tenant, order regular maintenance when the little icon pops up, draw electric/water/phone lines across the floor). Other than trying to keep things pretty or *maybe* going for an optimal layout, there's just no challenge there: The only point of the game is to see the pretty tower grow, but there's no real sense of accomplishment that goes along with it: After fifteen minutes you have all the skills you need to beat the game, and there isn't enough sandboxiness to make it a creative endeavor.If you want something more meaningful, go find a copy of SimTower (or Yoot Tower, a slightly later version). It's far from perfect and shows its age in a lot of places, but at least there's a little bit of depth to it."
76561197983727040,Not Recommended,423580,25503065,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,${Me.Target},"I played SimTower. I loved SimTower. This game is just... meh.I'm not giving this game a negative because it is different from SimTower but I did buy it because I initially compared it to SimTower.There are similarities between this and SimTower that simply cannot be ignored:You lay out a floor and place businessesYou can build above and below groundYou have renters and office space, visitors come to your tower to buy thingsAnd that is where the comparisons should effectively end. I will hold off on any more comparisons between this and SimTower from now on and only focus on what lacks in this game.Problem #1: Bad interfaceOne of the most common - and tedious - tasks is the laying out of utility lines. Each room you place in your tower typically requires electricity and one or more of gas, phones, water or cable tv. You'll need these utilities in place before a tenant moves in or they'll start to complain and move out within a minute or two, so you look down at the user interface. You look for a ""utilities"" button, but there are no words, just images. A nondescript ""Hammer and Electrical cord"" are your utilities. You press that button and a submenu pops up above that with tabs for Electrical, Gas, Cable, TV and Water. Electrical is already highlighted. You click the 'Electrical lines' button and begin placing individual squares of electrical lines across a floor. Its a bit slow and laggy dragging the lines but you get it done. You resume the game. The game next informs you that the building needs Water, so you again click on Utilities, then click on a water tab, then click on 'Water lines' and place individual squares across the length of a floor. Resume simlatuion. You need gas lines too! Open utilities, click the gas tab, click the gas line, place individual gas tiles across a floor.This isnt so bad when dealing with a few floors, but when every floor (100+) requires some combination of these utilities it becomes nothing but a timesink and an annoyance. There is little gain to the utilities system. The lines are dirt cheap so there is no cost management in the placing of utility lines. The only consideration is building enough transformers or switching stations to handle capacity, which is different than utility lines.Problem #2: 'What did this building require again?'You place an apartment and get to choose the level of luxury like basic or deluxe. You mouse over the options and it tells you 'needs dog walking services' or 'needs garbage disposal'. You place that apartment and a whole row of differing types. But what did the apartment need again? Let me mouse over the apartment... Nope, doesnt tell you. Click on the apartment? Nope, doesnt tell you. Gotta wait until someone moves in and then starts to complain of missing 'dog walking services'. When you get a payday every evening and start building the next day's stuff, there is a good chance you will run into this several times per day as you place blocks of rooms throughout your tower.Problem #3: Where is the challenge or risk?Maybe its wishful thinking, but I was hoping for challenge. In this game, there is so very little. Right now the only risk is running out of money, which is not an issue since several blantant exploits exist for easy money.Usually in games like this you will face 3 different forms of challenges: User-created problems, environment-created problems and antagonist-created problems. This first is issues you create yourself through bad resource management or planning. Second is unavoidable problems like bad weather or earthquakes or the uncontrollable, and the third is trying to satisfy or neutralize active opposition.User created problems are avoided by simply hooking up utilities and placing buildings of the same type on a single floor.Your environmental problems are only 'rainy weather' which lowers your traffic to businesses to around 75% of what they usually are. Businesses dont get upset enough to make any impact.And as for any antagonists, there are only the people of the tower who only care if there are utilities hooked up or if there are enough services in your building. Easily remedied by just buying extra services whenever they complain.The problems are shallow, the solutions are shallow. There is no multi-tiered approaches to solve problems. Its just ""need dogwalkers? buy dogwalkers.""Problem 4: Tiered unlocks and their lack of goalsYou start the game with basic building types unlocked: basic offices, apartments, restaurants and stores. If you want to advance to the next tier of apartments, build 10 basic apartments. Want to move on to the next tier of offices, build 10 offices. Next tier: you want the next level of apartments? Build 15 apartments and 1 restaurant. All you have to do is place enough of the buildings and you move on. You dont need satisfied tenants other than 'spam buildings until next level is unlocked'. There is a ""prestige"" system in the form of seemingly unlimited stars which helps unlock some buildings but it is so vestigial and ornamental. With only the 'Build X buildings' requirement, it removes any challenge of actually keeping tenants happy. You could build a massive tower only relying on the power of 'buy more buildings'Problem #5: RepetitionWith the lack of depth in the actual gameplay, the game can become stale quickly. The resource management grows thin once you consistently make a profit and since there are no tenant management aspects to the game, there is not a whole lot left other than seeing how high you cn build before just starting a new game.SUMMARYThere just isnt enough to keep me interested. Its like those clicker games where you advance in the game by just clicking on a single button, and then when the next button unlocks, you click that button.I guess maybe I am wearing nostalgia glasses but this game is just far too shallow to have any replayability."
76561198044254475,Not Recommended,423580,25798955,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lorathor,"I've played Project Highrise for about 9 hours and I really have to say that I'm a bit disappointed. I absolutely love SimTower and YootTower and thought that Project Highrise will somewhat connect and to these two games and further improve. But sadly it's not a good successor.First, let me tell you, the graphics are awesome, I love the style and artwort. There is so much detail in every room and the variety of rooms is astounding. What lacks is a variety in single rooms. If you place an apartment it will always come with this orange wallpaper, all of the same furnitures and it won't change at all. Same goes for the offices but here it is not that crucial.There are offices and apartments in all kind of sizes and grades. A lot of restaurants that provide different kind of meals for different times like breakfast, lunch, small snacks, coffee etc. Many of the tenants need different meals throughout the day so you need to have everything available. The offices and apartments also need services like a copy room, post offices, warehouses, laundrys, daycares and a lot more. The ""better"" the room the more services it needs. I think these dependencies are a great addon and add more variety than YootTower or SimTower. It is fun to care about your tenants with different services and keep everyone happy. But there also is a downside. If a office needs 6 different services, you are totally fine with only satisfying two or three of those needs. Sure, the tenants won't be that happy but it doesn't matter - they pay the rent and keep on living.That leads me to another point which is the level of difficulty. From the beginning I started with the hardest difficulty. There are small changes in the economy and prices to pay to build rooms but other than that there are no changes at all. The first 1-3 hours are hard and you really need to think twice about your budged. But, and that's the biggest let down, if you manage to get cash flow in you really don't need to care about other things at all. You just fast forward and can't lose anymore. There is nothing that is influencing your income or the economy. You basically can activate fast forward, minimize the game and wait until you got enough money to build another 5 floors to fill with more rooms, fast forward and repeat. The only one that can make it difficult for you is yourself. If you're building a bit cautious you won't lose and fly thorugh the game in an instant.There are some contracts and objectives you can complete. A contract most of the time gives you some money upfront. On completion you get another amount of cash. Most of the time you need to build more rooms or get more tenants. There is nothing bad with this so far BUT: There is no downside or penalty by not completing the contracts. You can leave them (max. 2) open as long as you play after you accept them. There is no timer that says you need to accomplish the contract in a period of time.Another try to bring in some difficulty are the electricity and water cabinets. Every room you build needs one or more of basic requieremtns: electricity, water, phone, cable TV or gas. In order to satisfy these needs you have to build cabinets on every floor and build every line one tile after another. This is basically a great idea but right now it is annoying as hell to build every line where you need it, a quick ""build to this point"" or another kind of building-style would've been better.The game highly lacks of immersion. One thing I absolutely adore from YootTower was the immersion it build up while you play. The sounds, the graphics and the tenants, everything was fitting. In Project Highrise the building is always bright as day, all the lights are turned on at night, the only thing that changes is that Background which slowly fades but that's it. If the tenants are working or living they are static in their room. There is no real animation that show what they're doing. In YootTower there were literally 2-3 frames of people doing stuff, it's not that much but it immersed you to an unbelievably amount. Also the lack of sounds is really depressing. If you turn off the music and play the game you literally can't hear a thing. There is this background-loop of a city going on and on for eternity (it also won't change at night or days, it is always the same). If you zoom in really really far you can hear some sounds from the rooms but they are so decent that if you zoom out a little bit to a normal state you won't be able to hear anything. You can't hear elevators, visitors, tenants, rooms or the workers doing their job. It is a big, depressing and really quiet building. The best example is YootTower: At night the whole tower was dark, no lights were on (only the apartments where people lived but when they went to sleep they also turned down the lights), there was this silly ""caw caw"" raven sounds in the morning, I can't describe it but this little sound reminded you of a new day and that the tower will go alive in some minutes. You could also hear the tenants work and live, you could hear people talking and chatting which went louder the more people visited your tower. The more elevators you had the more elevator sounds you could hear. These may be very small things but the immersion they build up is incredible. There is sadly nothing in Project Highrise that reminded me of this cozyness that let me feel that my tower is alive.All in all I can't recommend Project Highrise right now. If you're into challenging simulation or managing games that hook you for many days, wait or look for something else. You will see everything that project highrise has to offer in about 5 hours and there is almost no replayability."
76561198012068872,Not Recommended,423580,29432978,Posted: 22 January,all,oldeguy,"As real  building a simulation as unicorns and flying pigs are.This is not the successor to Sim Tower or Yoot Tower. In those games, the fun was growing the tower and seeing the building all blue or satisfied. In this game, there are built in roadblocks to making it enjoyable. Grime is the first problem,in real life you'd need to have a building next to a mine, coal processing plant  or auto salvage yard to get the same ammount of grime this game creates in the building. FIVE game days in the grime creep starts. You can have a janitor on every floor, a broom closet on every floor, yet the tennents will complain ""this place is so dirty"".You spend absolutely unreal amounts on maintenance and refurbishing, to no avail. If you forget for ten seconds after you built a new floor to run electricity the tenant will move out because you are stupid since the game gives NO WARNING OF IMPENDING ISSUES. The only warning you get is the Red face of SomaSin and they are gone. There is never enough traffic to make profit a reality for shops and restaurants, not untill the rents are at 50%.Smells and noises are another complaint.HOW DO SMELLS AND NOISES TRAVEL BETWEEN TOWERS 30 SPACES APART (flawed mechanics that's how).  How can a tenant be unhappy with the amount of traffic and noise when they are the ONLY one on the entire floor?Its as if the Devs decided, ""we need to make this a micromanagement puzzle because we don't care what you want"".  I watched these same problems in the Let's Play videos  Summer 2016 and waited till recently to buy the game hoping they were addressed.They weren't.In real life building tennants PAY for extra services in this game EVERYTHING is included in the rent and YOU the player pay foreverything extra and if you don't pay for the services the tennants move out destroying your office or store  after them.Meh. 4/10. Everyone who claims this is the second coming of the Sim/Yoot Towers wasn't playing Dos games in 1995. Too bad they muffed this one. There is also a game breaking garbage collection bug whereas the garbage isn't picked up at 8AM, the bins fill up and tennants move out. Should have been patched long ago. Another example of choosing cosmetics and fluff  over function. But hey you can build nice lobbies and casinos in the DLC where the bug still resides.Now it's noisy elevators in the dlc and noise complaints from hotel guests. So we have to put up with another bit of broken mechanics to annoy us in the game?  Why can't the Devs just make the damn game fun to play instead of throwing these roadblocks in the game? Grime, out of control, noise and smells, out of control, noisy elevators, Excessive daily 'refurbishments'. What's next rat infestations? They have flat out stated they dont think we should be able to turn off the annoyances and play as we want no matter how much money you've spent on the game. It is my opinion they aren't the ones controlling the content.Until they give us the ability to buld as we see fit, the game will be flawed.  PS you can change the rent value in the mods and use external programs to make enough money initially to build the tower of your dreams untill the walls are so dirty the tennants move out. Bogus company fewer than 10,000 now play according to Steam Spy. Real popular game.. They are NEVER going to fix the issues. The grime and now the noise. It's on YOU the player to work around the faults they've built into the game. If you think the game has slacked off dramatically, there is virtually no activity in the forums. Maybe that will spur them to fix the broken mechanics. But I highly doubit. They care more about squelching comments than fixing the game."
,Not Recommended,423580,25429067,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Nonon,"Please don't misunderstand, this game isn't bad. It's a good game. My problem with it, it's that there is no sense of satisfaction whatsoever. I've played for around 5 hours and I feel like I really don't need to play it anymore, and this is a bad thing considering the game's price range. I remember playing hundreds of hours in Yoot/Sim tower, maybe I am remembering wrong and sim tower's mechanics haven't age well, but there's just no 'magical feel' to this game. The gameplay loop is kind of whatever, build, new upgrade, build, new upgrade and so on. The game is very easy and there's no real sense of strategy, it's like I've seen it all and that's it. All these things together make the game an okay time waster, but not really that fun or interesting.I'd say if you really really want to play this game go ahead, but honestly just wait on a steam sale for ~ $9 or less.Sorry, devs. I tried to love it, I really did."
76561198036022602,Not Recommended,423580,32606040,Posted: 20 June,all,ilducadivenalzio,"There isn't really any 'game' to this game.  It's basically just an expensive simple phone app; you just add and add to the tower with no challenge to the 'game'.  SimTower was about traffic management with the elevators, the closest thing in this title is to put A near B but not near C, that's it; which gets repetitive and boring pretty quickly."
,Not Recommended,423580,25728316,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Pepto¿,"First I would like to say It is a very great game, it just is not for me, and might not be for you too.Currently, I believe it is not worth the $20 price. Once you built one skyscraper, you've built them all, and the whole game suddenly becomes a ugly mess or micromanaging each individual room in your skyscraper.The skyscrapers do not look very asthetically pleasing once they get large, no matter how much effort you put into them. They turn into a very huge, and ugly mess of crazy.There is not enough good mods (yet) to make it interesting, but that will change with time. I reccommend waiting.There is only 1.1hr on this account because I have played it on my friends before deciding to buy it, only realizing after that there wasn't much to do."
,Recommended,423580,25452818,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nelson,"The BasicsThis is actually the first review I've ever done which wasn't as a joke, for one simple reason: I loved the SimTower series. It rivaled TTD/OpenTTD in the absolutely ridiculous amount of time I spent playing it. So, as soon as I heard about Highrise, I signed up for the email list, and as soon as it went on preorder, I put my money down. Yeah, you shouldn't preorder games, but this was one game I was sure couldn't go wrong.Except it did.Don't get me wrong. I marked this game as recommended, and I still would recommend it on its own merits. The problem is that - despite what the developers say - it still has to stand up against the sheer titan of nostalgia that is SimTower and its derivatives. And, well...ehhhh...What They Got RightProject Highrise is about a simple of a game as you can get. There's one screen. You build offices, apartments, stores, restaurants, and services. You know it's a bad idea to put a sports bar next to a bunch of luxury apartments. You can figure out that people need to go places. The standards make sense - medical offices like being near the ground floor, financial offices like being on top. The game is, for all intents and purposes, pretty predictable.Since this is no longer the 90s, gaming has evolved to the point where you're guided through the game to learn how to play. SimTower just plopped you in, and you had better have read the manual, or else you're going to be frustrated. Highrise has five tutorial levels which really cover everything there is to know, and then adds on an (often irritating) advisor.There is a lot of stuff in the game. With SimTower, you could build some offices, then maybe some apartments, and you're all set. With Highrise, you really have to be on your game. You need to provide utilities, all kinds of services, maintenance, the list goes on and on. But is it really enough to keep you entertained?What They Got Really, Really WrongIf you were a SimTower fan, you probably heard about its successor, Yoot Tower (and maybe even the Japanese equivalent, The Tower II). Yoot built on the original by adding, in the words of LGR, ""just a bit more"". Highrise threw away that logic. While the game is undoubtedly based on the Tower series, it's far from an upgrade. It's a reboot.Now, the one benefit to this is that they can start fresh. If there's something in the Tower series that doesn't make sense, they have free reign to drop it. You are no longer confined to the broken Engrish prompts that plague Yoot Tower. If you look, you know what is going on, what people need, and what to do next.Here's the problem: the developers' policy here was to focus on the economics. I'm sorry, but economics isnotwhat people play sim games for. People didn't play SimTower, SimCity, or The Sims to mess around with budgets. The economics is what limits the player's progress to keep them focused on moving forward - it's not meant to be the entirety of the gameplay.That is, unfortunately, where Highrise falls flat. Most of the game is just waiting to have enough money to build another floor, then building whatever is most profitable, then picking the tenants that pay you most. Here comes the key point of this review, and SomaSim, I hope you're listening:I want my elevators back.When you distill the Tower series down, the underlying game is traffic management. Keeping a watch over where people go, making sure they can get there, and optimizing that traffic so they keep stores and restaurants in business while avoiding the noise problems that come with all of it. It was addictive because there is always a new method to try. An express elevator here, stairs here, make them snake around a sky lobby here... the game isn't about ""pick the tenant with the biggest number"".I know the developers want to avoid the baggage that comes with rebooting a beloved franchise (ahem), but listen guys, this game is so predictable. Here's how it plays out:Build out first floor and put an elevator in. Delete the stairs, they're a waste of space.Keep building more floors and adding elevator stops.End of game.The issue here is that in the Tower series, the elevators were actually simulated. Yoot Saito, the original developer, actually went through great lengths to get this right (going so far as to ask an actual manufacturer, who snubbed him). But in Highrise, people just magically teleport to whichever floor they need to go to. The only time they get slowed down is if the elevator breaks for no reason. It's really just a slap in the face to the sheer logic behind the original Tower gameplay to throw all that out the window and say ""lol who wants to actually manage people"".On top of that, there's no point in actually playing the game. The Tower series had VIPs, who allowed you to upgrade your tower. It had random events, which sometimes gave you extra cash, started a fire, blew stuff up, et cetera. In Highrise, you just get prestige points from adding more people and buying artwork. There are no random events besides the barely-noticeable economic trends and weather. No joke - 4 hours of my playtime was me taking a nap because the game was just so boring. I woke up to $1M, built the rest of my tower, and stopped playing.The game is just oddly unbalanced in this regard. At the easiest level (Contractor), it takes no time to get things running, then you make more money than you can spend. At the normal level (Engineer), it takes ages to get enough money to build more than a 2-story hut. Something is wrong here. It's as if there wasn't enough beta input. I feel like the developers played their own game once, then gave it to us to see if they got it right. Well, no, ya' didn't.I don't understand why they added all of this complexity just to waste time when building. The utilities system really annoys me. I can understand building the utility closets, but having to build out up to 5 different utility lines for every single floor just becomes such a drag. I really hope a mod comes in to auto-build the utilities when you build a utility closet.In short, the game simply doesn't have any character. There's no fun stuff to find. It's just droll. Sterile. Boring.How They Could Fix ItModders, take your marks... I don't mean to be rude, but Highrise runs into the SimCity 2015 problem. Developers who got in way over their heads and ended up with really a disappointment of a game. The only redeeming quality is they have the Cities: Skylines benefit of potentially building a modding community. If the developers don't fix these problems, you better hope the modders will.I really hope that someone is out there right now figuring out how to mod in actual elevators. The stupid ""enhanced"" elevator as an unlockable is really a pathetic excuse - there isalmost no reasonto bother with anything more than one elevator, because it's not a traffic bottleneck. That is just... jaw-droppingly stupid. What is the point? Sure, you can have a sky lobby, but why? It serves no purpose.Now, I will give them credit. The developers have, within 2 days, issued a patch that fixes all of the bugs I'd noticed during my gameplay, so there's no point bringing them up here. They are on the ball. But guys, really, youhaveto add more content. The game is just going to sit at <10 hours for alotof people if you don't figure out traffic.The VerdictOkay, after all of this ragging on the game, I still recommend it. Why? Because the developers need to get it in their heads that people want this game. People will buy it. It's not something they should just give up. They need to eat too, and they need to fix these problems.So buy it. It doesn't live up to the Towers. But we need to show them that they have a great game that's just waiting to be finished."
76561197971259511,Not Recommended,423580,25457836,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Brancer,"As someone who grew up with Sim Tower and then the Pseudo-Yoot Tower, I can say that I was excited to play this game. Unfortunately, it needs a lot more polish for me to recommend it.The difficulty comes with tedium. As the complexity of your tower increases, you'll find it harder and harder to stay interested. Utilities are tedious to place, and services (places that help support the rest of the paying customers) are ridiculous at upper levels.Also, the elevator system is not particularly dynamic. There was more strategy in a 20 year old game than this new one.Its not a bad game, just not a particuarly good one. Wait til a sale.7/10."
76561198066149447,Recommended,423580,28319884,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,x__Poker__x,"This is Sim Tower totally remastered!I'm writing this review after a 12 hour session, all in one sitting. Sim Tower veterans will know the ins and outs of what's needed when running a tower, still it's worth doing the tutorial just to refresh your memory.I spent a long time watching clips of this game before deciding to buy it. As I'm a long term fan of the Maxis games I spent countless days on Sim Tower and other titles. This game feels like a full remaster with some extra added awesomeness!I started a Tower, followed a few of the contracts laid out for me, kept my tenants happy. After the first hour i started getting adventurous, built a whole floor out of glass and pillars, then added some residential rooms hovering above the midway lobby, the public and visitors to my tower loved that idea so much they asked me to build high roller suites in a similar fashion, after hiring building managers, artistic teams and security I had a thriving ten floors of the filthy rich, each with access to a helicopter pad.It was at this point my Tower became almost self sufficent.I must of taken a 30 min power nap, all I know is I awoke to find everythng super busy and still thriving, plus I had 7 million in cash waiting for me.If you manage to set it up correctly the building will look after itself, with minor help from you, if not...then be prepared to work for an hour or so trying to figure out why Mrs Gutteridge on floor 75 still hasn't got running water, even though all her neighbours do.I highly, highly recommend this game.If you're a Simulation veteran or a first time builder, you'll easily be able to get into the flow and before you know it 12 hours will have passed, because this game is totally freaking awesome!!"
76561198086274705,Not Recommended,423580,26129503,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,A_Paraplegic_Rabbit,"Overall a great game with fun, interesting and rewarding gameplay. But, and here's the crucial part, Barely any replayability. Yea you can customise the towers to look slightly different, but thats it, apart from that you make the same building over and over again.There's nothing driving you to make your tower the biggest it can be because once youve unlocked everything then all your doing is making money, to make more money.in conclusion, it's a really fun game the first time you play, maybe even the second time. But after 10+ hours, you're just repeating yourself. Which is a shame because the game really is fun the first time you play."
76561198025317898,Recommended,423580,25410827,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,jarcher1991,"I pre-purchased ""Project Highrise"" after watching LGR's review on Youtube.After completing the tutorials and working on the first scenario, I have to say, I'm hooked. It is reminiscent of ""SimTower,"" and brings me the same appeal that game did. However, it is different, and deeper than the original title. Enough so, that it feels modern, and like more of a proper business management sim. Having to manage utilities and tower services to appeal to different clients is something that really adds a special facet to the game.The art style is simplistic, but I like that. I feel that simple ideas executed well are better than lofty ideas that are buggy and incoherent. However, when you select an individual tenet, you are greeted with an animalistic or nearly neanderthal ""Uh-huh"" - all the time. There are male and female tones, and variations for differing levels of satisfaction, but I admit i chuckled when i heard it first. It works though, for an acknowledgement that I have selected them for information, but I hope it's expanded upon in the future.For the price, I feel ""Project Highrise"" can't be beat. It really fills an amazingly open void in the gaming library that mixes older, nostalgic gameplay with some newer, modern elements that keep you engrossed for long periods of time."
76561198079885934,Not Recommended,423580,25563365,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,GameKitten,"The game is not terrible. But for me it is more frustrating. There is unbalance everywhere. The AI pathing is terrible. Place a far elevator at the end of the halls. Further your advancement and place a middle elevator to your building. Build apartments more and get all their stupid demands of services and place stairs on the entrance of the building. All the sudden the other two elevators become invisible to the occupants of your tower, and everyone decides to use the stairs by passing all the elevators and then have the nerve to complain about having to use the stairs..Yeah AI forgot the I in AI. The requirements to build higher tier buildings is too much. There is a few buildings that want high traffic but hate noisy places (seriously says this, traffic equals noise). Contruction and matience is super slow even with influnence capped. Not to mention the overally decay problem that is a constant button pushing fest. Hotels missing and being considered for a dlc pack..heh. Ask for other commerical buildings and being told modders can handle that was a big turn off. The game needs some serious balance and tweaking love. Right off the bat the employees you pay demand coffee, breakfast, and dinner before you even begin to build which is blocked off with restrictions not being met. Once you get a restraunt or two in the very beginning it still isn't enough, besides the restraunts complaining they do not have enough customers. Utitlity (SP) are time consuming and really not necessary to have to do manually.  I found myself getting annoyed more at the mechanics of the game than I ever did with Sims Tower elevators.The graphics are okay and a bit better than Sims Towers and Yoot. There is a lack of animations in the game. You need dog walking services and childcare.. but the game does not even show these. There is a lack in buildings..Toy store? Pet store? Etc.. Their is a lack of seasons but rain. There is a lack of charm and fun. It feels more like a job than a game. There is no rewards..or feeling of wow look at what I did. No gardens besides the main floor, that the little pixels do not even pay attention too, so that bench is pretty useless.I do not mind that it isn't an exact copy of Sim Towers. But in this day and age, I did expect more and to feel like I accomplished something in a game, not feel like I just went to work. Technology that we have today.. this game just falls short. And I was excited for it and even pre-ordered it..It is an okay game, but for me it sent me right back to Sims Towers..the rewards are better.."
,Recommended,423580,26493629,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Assisting,"This is an easy recommendation. I think anybody with even an elementary interest in building and management games could get several hours of enjoyment out of this, although at time of writing I'm sitting at about 27 myself. Well worth the price of entry.That's the TL;DR, but allow me to expand on why.Project Highrise is essentially a game about confronting your own lack of foresight. When you want to put in that new block of apartments, you're going to have to deal with all the choices you made on lower floors, and if the lobby is 30 storeys down, it's going to be tough to fix problems unless you're willing to think outside the box.Sometimes the progression can feel a bit odd, though. As other have pointed out some of the requirements to get certain businesses can seem a bit esoteric (we need more sports bars before we can build that accountant's office!), and with how the prestige system works you can unlock a lot of the high-end apartments by focusing exclusively on offices (and vice versa), but these aren't huge problems for me.A few other reviews have pointed out the limited replayability. It is true that there do seem to be a few optimal setups; not in the sense that there is exactly one way to play the game, so much as sets of systems that work well together when you get them running. I don't know if that's too much of a problem. For one thing, the devs have been pushing out the odd gameplay change to help keep things interesting, and a few of the scenarios make for a fun challenge. For another thing, no game is ever infinitely replayable, and for what it cost me? I've already got my money's worth."
,Recommended,423580,25410700,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Kathom67,"I've been looking for a game similar to Sim Tower for years! Glad I stumbled across this one.First overall impression is good. Runs smoothly, nice graphics, clean interface. Menu shows enough options to construct some nice buildings. I also like the buzz and influence features.Remains to be seen how mechanis work in the long run. Especially elevator strategies.IN ADDITION:Played some hours by now. And still like it, but:* A real letdown is that elevaters and stairs have to be placed next to other structures. Sim Tower from the 1990s allowed them to be placed in front of them, adding a third dimension. Also, no escalators, as it seems.* Different from Sim Tower this game is not so much about elevator management, but about ressource and pipe / line management. You only have a limited supply of energy, water at one time. And you always need to plan ahead of the needs of your tenants.* Take your time. It's a slooow game. You may (and will) hurry game speed, especially during the night."
,Not Recommended,423580,25777052,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ocfos,"The game doesn't feel very complete yet, as you really don't have much to do just a few hours in, which is quite sad.I'd say hold off on your money for now, and see if things don't improve in the future."
76561198257717501,Recommended,423580,25464132,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JoeyE3™,"So I've played this game for about 9,5 hours, and I really like it! But at the moment I have a 15 floor building I have over $55000, and I make $7700 a day, I don't know what to do anymore just expand the tower(I've played up to the Engineer level.). I wouldn't say it get's outright boring, because if you've build a big tower there is allot to (micro) manage. But at the same time it does.7.5/10'Keeps you entertained and busy, but for how long?'Pros:- Building a (complex) tower with the right balance so you make a profit and everyone's happy can be a challenge, especially if you just start the game.- Easy to learn.- You can delete floors in between so you can experiment and design your tower how you like, that's a big thing that makes me coming back and build a (new) tower.Cons:- Can get kinda repetitive, once you've build a tower that works and you make over $5000 a day, there's not much left to do except keep expanding. Because you can't go broke or fail after that."
,Not Recommended,423580,25535249,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Castenada,"The game is OK. But it gets stale quick. Low replay value.I played on high difficulty. Once you get over the initial hump of getting a positive cash flow, you are just going thru the motions.If I could pick a neutral recommendation I would. Not bad, but not good enough to warrant a thumbs up."
,Recommended,423580,28808483,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,†<ȻȻ><SᴋʏᴇRᴀɴɢᴇʀ,"AbstractProject Highrise is a game that I've been following after I discovered that SimTower would no longer run like I wanted it to, became really difficult. It finally came out on Steam, and so I bought it. After playing for a number of hours and designed 2 or 3 different towers (Haha, rhymes); I decided to write my review.GameplayI love Project Highrise, I think the complexity...or I should say, realism of the game is very well done. When first starting out, if you have plans of getting that ""high-rise"" status, you have to plan your buildings. Where the wiring/utility closets go, the number of tiles a cafe and an office take up, and so on. The game is very dependent on decisions you make prior to the next event. A very building block kind of theme. Advanced apartments like lost apartments require luxery shops, luxery shops in turn require these utilities and this many of a different shop. Office headquarters requires so many of a type of office along with various amenities. The list of prerequisites grow with the more advanced you get, but have no fear, the more advanced you get, the more money you make a day.MechanicsProject Highrise's mechanics apart from being very ""building blocky"" is very dependent on your ability to manage your monies to spend on something that will benefit the building. Having a maintenance office over building that office will be much better in the long run becuase you'll need those maintenance crews more than that one office. Placing services and various amenities that don't require above ground or ground level can be placed below ground to save space and potentially not worry about the satisfaction of other tenants.Thesatisfactionof your tenants come from all kinds of variables. Location in the building, how close they are to elevators, how much traffic goes by, how aesthetic the place is, different ""smells"" that come from different things in the building; and of course, utility connections. If a place requires a utility, you'd better give it to them or else you're going to have an empty space there.Prestigeis another interesting mechanic. The more prestige you earn, the more amenities and building services and places you can unlock. More prestige grants more ""fame"" so to speak. The more fame you have, the more things you can build, and the more things you build unlocks even more services and feature of the game that all the more increase your pretige and economy.OverviewGraphics: 9/10 - Pretty much the best out of a 2D game you're going to get, the movements of people might not be fluid like they're actually moving in realtime but the style of the game rules that out.Gameplay: 7/10 - the initial learning curve is a little sharp, but apart from that once you figure out what you're doing, it can very easily be overlooked. Some of the things you have to do for your tenants may get repetative.Mechanics: 8/10 - Very realistic, job well done. This includes how you can build. You don't build parts of a tower into a little cloud of cement, physics applies.Creativity: 8/10 - This game allows for a very formal kind of art, architecture. The more playful you get with tiles and paintings and wallpapers, and just the general placement of tiles can really make a tower look unique.Score:8.5/10 - Would highly recommend to strategy/simulation players, and would go back and build another tower any time."
,Recommended,423580,25434049,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,monkeywobbler,"Absolutely addictive.Balancing the many (many) needs of your tenants, along with designing something aesthetically pleasing is deceptively difficult. It's true that there's not much variation between room types, but the workshop will soon sort that out.There's ALWAYS something wanting your attention and I've already been playing for a few hours and it feels like five minutes.There are lots of different types of offices, restaurants, shops and apartments to build, each influencing something near it in different ways.For example;One office wants greater variety in restaurants that serve dinner, you plop it down and the guy next to him starts to complain about the smell.Meanwhile, the restaurant complains because they can't empty their rubbish, so you pop a rubbish bin down; the guy near that starts to moan about the smell and next to the restaurant has become too noisy so one of your tenants demands a rent decrease.I love this sort of thing because it absorbs you for hours. I really love this game - I'm sure there's a perfect balance to be struck with placement but I'm yet to find it. I'm enjoying the search though!"
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,423580,34357115,Posted: 19 August,all,Blackadar,"Project Highrise is a stylish game to build a tower with occupants of your choosing. Residential, small commercial, large commercial, retail...you can put them all into a large tower and try to get everyone to have a good time. The major decision you make is the one at the start - do you want a commercial tower? A residential palace? A retail shopping destination? With the DLC, you can even make a casino hotel. The game seems to work well and while I'm not a fan of the art style, it's an attempt at creating personality.It takes its inspiration from Sim Tower but it's not like Sim Tower at all. There is none of the challenge of managing an elevator system and traffic. Every building seems to start off the same. 4-5 floors of commercial office space, followed by a couple of retail/restaurants, followed by more commercial or residential. Repeat. The real down side here is that rather than offering more interesting problems as you build like Sim Tower, it simply offers more: more services and more requirements that don’t increase complexity at all. Bigger offices/apartments require more ""stuff"" but that's easy to put down.So you build. Then you wait for your money to fill up. Then you build again. Repeat. That wouldn't be so bad but I don't get the sense of planning during those waiting periods. I'm just waiting for money to slap the same ole' stuff on yet another floor of an unattractive monolith of a building. It's almost formulaic. Then there's the repetitive bits, like having to manually replace tenants who seem to want to leave at the drop of a hat.Project Highrise isn't a bad game. But it's not a fun game. I'd rather spend my time building in Prison Architect where I get interesting situations to solve. Or Rimworld, where the game constantly throws challenges at me. Or Cities Skylines, where I have more freedom to plan and be creative. Or Banished, where it's more fun to fiddle with my creation and I feel more personally connected to my denizens. Or Sim Tower, where I'd have more challenge with the elevator system. Or Anno, which offers more supply chain puzzles. The list goes on and on...I don't get that same vibe from Highrise. I'm building something here but I'm not enjoying my creation - there's no pride in it - and I'm not finding enough challenge to overcome the lack of pride. So it's a thumbs down for me. YMMV."
76561197972755423,Recommended,423580,26551566,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,He Who Is Pale,"It's like an old Maxis game, only if Maxis was still old Maxis."
,Recommended,423580,35277247,Posted: 28 September,all,snort,"This game is not Rimworld. This is SimTower for a new generation. Certain aspects of SimTower are removed: There is no traffic management of elevators, or rules about elevator sizes. I'm 50-50 on that. It was both crucial and important to SimTower, it is not so much here. To say it is less complex or simple, I would say is looking at rose colored glasses for SimTower.If you are the type that is into min-maxing into the perfect tower, stay away. Once you reach a steady mid-game state it's 'downhill' from there. Large towers, and 'end game' apartments, businesses, and offices are fairly easy to keep happy and profitable. I can agree to reviews that say this is simple, but this is also because it lets you play at your own pace. Once you understand base mechanics you cannot easily fall into a trap that would create difficulty for you.For me, this game scratches the same part of my brain as Cities: Skylines. While underlying mechanics are simplistic and once you cross initial hurdles you can expand upward (literally and figuratively) very readily. In this, and in Cities, I can turn a profit very readily and get a 'perfect' grid of a city, or in this case, a tower. That can happen quickly, and the challenge from that angle is very light.My advice, you can and should design aesthetically pleasing and interesting towers. Make separate towers for your apartments and your offices. Make a skybridge to a mall area from the apartments. Challenge yourself to design aesthetically and think realistically: Maybe I want every floor to have a common area, or a coffee shop. Maybe I want to make a tower with some odd shape.This game absolutely will not have universal acclaim, but I think that's OK. If you are a creative type that likes a game at your own pace, with a decent art style, and want to create cool towers that still function efficiently despite design challenges, this is a thumbs up for you.If you are a min-max sort of person who wants the challenge of Rimworld or other similar games where efficiency is absolutely key and more difficult to achieve and don't care about decorating a lobby, skip it.On sale for $5 I almost immediately bought all of the DLCs after playing for only 30 minutes because I knew I was into it. Admittedly $20+DLC is a little bit more than I might value it for how casual it is, but I will definitely put quite a few hours into it especially if small DLCs come out periodically. It also has workshop support which is a nice addition.TL;DR*If you like to min-max and don't care about making things look aesthetically good in a builder game (Rimworld, Dwarf Fortress, Cities:Skylines), avoid it.*If you like designing things aesthetically even if they are not perfectly efficient but still finding a way to make it work and look cool while doing it, pick it up.*The price point is relatively fair, but I would say a small sale (~$10-$15USD) is my personal value point. DLCs are far from 'necessary' but a nice addition for relatively cheap. *NOTE I have not played Vegas, yet."
,Recommended,423580,25413598,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Trem Fury,I played a Sim Tower game years ago and recently enjoyed Fallout Shelter on Android. After seeing the positive reviews here I went to You Tube to check out a video or two and it didn't take long for me to decide I wanted this game.After many years of gaming but not so much patience now I am quite fussy and get bored of games quite easily. This one has me hooked so far and I only have a small tower yet so have a long way to go. The plus side is I have started making enough money to speed up building.Addictive? I'd say :)
,Not Recommended,423580,25457223,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Mulder,"I've played about 5 hours now and I just don't seem to be getting anywhere.  Nothing grips me and I've started a few new towers.  There are some major economic imbalances which frustrates - you can only make money via contracts because the rest of it is all taken up by constantly having to renovate your units.Comparisons to SimTower are also way off - there is no lift management, no escalators, no lobbies, no hotels (that I have seen) and all the things that made SimTower fun and well-thought through, are missing from here.As it stands, the game feels like an early access game with several major features missing, but yet to come.  Looking at the version number though, this is the full thing.  It is disappointing."
,Not Recommended,423580,25535269,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Purgatouri,"Steam says I've played this game for about 40 hrs...The reality is I've probably played for about 15 total.  The other time was spent with the game running in the background on max speed while I cooked, played xbox, took a shower, etc etc.  My point is that there is no challenge in this game.  It was fun the first few hours but once you manage to weather the first few days and make a profit you can put it on autopilot.  This is true for ALL difficulties.   The situations that the developers implemented to add challenge lack much thought at all.  This includes renovating..which is more an annoyance than a challenge.  The game play is shallow and empty.  There is no complexity to this game..The management is lackluster.  Your elevators are instant and infinite.  There is nothing stopping you from growing as fast as you want.With that said, this game has some potential.  It was fun for the first few hours.  I think it is too expensive for the amount of play it provides.   I'll update my review after a few updates.  As of now I cannot recommend this game for the price."
,Not Recommended,423580,28134179,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mattaust,"I can't recommend this game at all.It lacks complexity in contrast to Sim Tower.Elevator Management is a thing of the past, It's basically a teleportation pad now.The game gets very reptitive and the balance of cash in and out misses the mark.Overall I'd call this a shallow experience.P.S. Why was my previous steam review flagged and deleted?"
,Recommended,423580,25476470,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,adityasitumeang,"Overall gameplay is great. i really enjoy it.+ A good nostalgic feeling to and old game, SimTower, which I cant play anymore unless using DOS box.+ Arts really can make the value of a building raise.+ Easy to understand and to get familiar with.+ Steam Workshop item- Tenants tend to eat at one place even though there are plenty of restaurants- Even when you pick auto fixing for maintenance staff, it all will only happened at night and you will receive so many complaints at day.In the end, I enjoy playing this, and I hope that this game will be great in the future."
,Not Recommended,423580,25491453,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,SEWER RAT,"was hyped as for this game but after 3 hours I don't really see the point in playing, sitting here laying cables and pipes and phone lines over and over, renovating over and over. there no point in half the buildings because its to easy to just profit big time of small office. its looks nice and i guess i had fun for 3 hours but I kinda expect more for $20."
76561198077663073,Recommended,423580,27850129,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gabphi,"for the people who remember sim tower this is a great updated version. all about playability and graphically this is slighty better than sim tower. For people who love sims, this is a great little game to have in the collection when you don't want to think too much a game while playing it."
,Recommended,423580,25412087,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,lithpiperpilot,"I know I haven't given the game enough time for a full review, but it's extremely intuative so far, and has surpassed my nostalgia for SimTower. Looking through all the different rooms and services and everything to unlock, it seems to be a wealth of options. The best part though, is Project Highrise has workshop integration and I expect that to keep this game fresh for so long. So far I would reccommend this at $30+, so I highly reccomend it.Edit: 5 hours in and i'm still on my first tower with items still to unlock. I jumped right into a new game no tutorial, and it turned out to be a great idea. The game highlights new items as you unlock them, and uses contracts as a way to guide your progression, so no refresher needed if you're a veteran of SimTower"
,Not Recommended,423580,34232032,Posted: 14 August,all,road to potato,"I wanted to like this game so much, but its a slog. Its tedious, lacking depth and repetitive, oh how insanely repetitive it is.It shares more in common with Tiny Tower than Sim Tower, which is a huge shame.Maybe micromanagers will like this, but my fingers certainly dont. I probably have a higher APM playing this than starcraft. This game is beatifully flawed because its not poorly coded or ugly, quite the opposite in both of those areas. But the core gameplay is like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clicker game, where you have to keep going back to your previous clicker infrastructure to repair it or replace it.Bad analogy? Not sure what a clicker game is? Ok lets compare it to a city builder instead.Unlike SimCity or City Skylines, you are placing every nitty gritty detail. Imagine how tedious SimCity would be if you had to choose each and every building without zoning. Do you want a small townhouse, medium semidetached house or large mansion? Ok townhouse it is but wait: would you like it in a american style, european or british style? Please note if you go with the british style you will need a post office immediately or else the tenant will move out as soon as theyve moved in.  Oh and when a building tenant decides to leave, you go through this process again rather than having the system fill it automatically. Repeat this for 100 times, no wait 1000 times, and it gets old fast. Really fast.Now lets layer in some good mobile style initiatives like every x amount of minutes you generate a resource which you can click for temporary and mostly meaningless effects(50% less expensive telephone wires, whoopty ♥♥♥♥ing doo) as well as needing to rennovate structures every two or three days(yes days not weeks not months not years but almost every ♥♥♥♥ing day) by clicking a button, it just becomes a joke of a gameplay loop.Go buy prison architect, rimworld or city skylines or hell, even the latest failed simcity on origin because theres no simulation here."
,Not Recommended,423580,25800892,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Devmonster,"While the game is really polished and the graphics are nice, the game needs more depth and complexity. It just seems to me that the game is just a chain of requirements (A requires B and B requires C). There is little management. I hope the devs still improves the game. Right now, the price is too steep."
76561198120660539,Recommended,423580,25581124,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ethanos,Y'know how you play a game for what seems like 20-30 minutes but turns out to be 3 hours and it's 4 in the morning and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I need sleep oh dear god.
76561198069890266,Recommended,423580,25482473,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bogey,"All I can say is if you enjoyed Sim Tower as a kid you'll enjoy this game.  I've played for almost 15 hours and something about the game keeps pulling me back.  The game has a vast array of offices, restaurants, cafes, shops, and support services that you can build.  For the price (19.99 USD) you can't go wrong with this game.  Below are some more specific pros and cons I've noticed so far.The Good:- The huge variety of offices, shops, stores, restaurants, cafes, apartments, and support services you can place in your building.  There are also special rooms related to different aspects of the building - such as interior decorating.  Within each of these groups there are several different classes of rooms that each come with their own requirements.- Utility management - some have complained this is too tedious but I think this adds a layer of complexity to the game.  It forces you to constantly think about how much gas, water, cable, and electricity your rooms need.  Early in the game you may end up losing tenants because you spent all your money placing the rooms and didn't leave enough in the bank for utilities.- Contracts - Throughout the game you're provided with contracts that provide some cash up from and more cash once completed.  I've found I continue to play longer trying to complete that next contract.The bad:- No elevator management - The little sims simply seem to teleport from one floor to the next.  There's absolutely zero management involved.- Buildings feel cold and static - Everything about the building is static other than the sim's moving around.  Doors don't open and close, lights don't go on an off, Sims don't wheel trash around, ext...  It would be nice if the building had more life to it.- Only 1 soundtrack - After 15 hours of play through I have the same music burned into my head!Final thoughts:Overall this is a pretty good game for $20 and I hope the developers read these reviews and incorporate some of this into future reviews.  If you're a fan of Sim Tower you won't be disappointed with this game."
76561198395780759,Not Recommended,423580,32629156,Posted: 21 June,all,LordOfTendons,"This game feels like a beta release even though it’s had updates plus an expansion pack, with another expansion on the way. It’s fun, but many parts can be obnoxiously frustrating because of monotonous tasks and insidious limits on creativity. It’s clear that whoever created this does not want people to make large towers, not because of computer memory issues, but because of the tediousness of many aspects of the game. The maintenance is particularly absurd, and Kasedo either can't or won't fix it. There are other issues too numerous to get into here. I would only recommend it for extreme Sim Tower enthusiasts."
,Recommended,423580,26717461,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Candunc,"Project Highrise is an interesting game, you have to deal with the logistics of your building (Power, Phone Lines, Gas, Water) while trying to expand profit by building more offices, and upwards. I've 'beat' the game on Medium difficulty after eight hours, but I haven't even touched the scenarios provided.My only critisms of the game are probably early game and end game, the loans in early game are provided to help you along, however I've found that taking out the loans means you've screwed something up, and will spiral into debt. Late game things like social campaigns get ridiculously expensive, however money stops being a concern. Once you start bringing in Buisness HQs and duplex residential units, there is very little to cause you to fail. By the time I beat the game by unlocking everything and building to the 120th floor, I was making $90,000 a day and had $1,000,000 in the bank. I wish it got more difficult by introducing a new mechanic, but others may not think so.I enjoyed this game, and might try out some of the scenarios later on, however once you've got the handle of building your couple tens of floors, there isn't a whole lot of difficulty involved. (At least, in my opinion.) You're probably making enough money at that point to not have to care about the logisitcs/services, and surplus electricity doesn't seem to hurt the ever-increasing profits."
,Recommended,423580,25812777,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"Did you ever play the original  Sim Tower?   If so, that might make you a bit of a fossil like me, but you can rejoice in that Project Highrise is a VERY worthy successor - perhaps THE successor we've been waiting for.  The premise is the same: remain profitable while building bigger and better rooms in a tower-shaped space (both above and below ground).  This is not a game about designing nice architecture, but a strategy game of balancing the best number of rooms with services and accessibility to keep your tenants paying rent, the building maintained, and the elevators fast!  The primary objective is simple: make money.  In Sim Tower, this same goal limited the scope and scale of the game (you basically built until you'd built everything and made money) and Project Highrise is no different in sandbox mode.  There are also scenarios you can play which increases the variety of gameplay.  Basically, the developers have taken the concept and expanded it in every way possible to give the game more longevity than its predecessor, but in essence, this is one of those games where you will likely have most fun building, then scrapping your game to start over (rinse and repeatad infinitum...).New to this neglected genre of building management are more granular levels to micro-manage: business types to accommodate (not just 'offices') and who won't thank you for being placed among too many competitors, the need to incorporate often-expensive building and business services that each occupant requires - as well as all the primary utilities, there are money-winning goals to aim for (in the guise of contracts) and a decent level of micro-management for anyone who likes to tweak individual tenant rents, sift through statistical reports and such.  The developers have made a great job in recreating the Sim Tower experience in 21st century clothing with the kind of management and strategy we expect in games today.While this game sits largely in the 'casual' game genre, expect to lose quite a few hours to it.  Recommended for all tycoon fans!  A must-buy to fellow aging Sim Tower fans!"
,Recommended,423580,25441026,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Puzzlebox,"I'm enjoying this game very much. However, it's not without its flaws. First, some quibbles:-No outright sandbox mode at this time. If you want to just experiment and play around with some creative ideas, you'll have to play the game regularly and unlock everything gradually.-Seemingly minimal amount of traffic control. People enter from the left on the street. When you unlock the subway, you can finally get some people entering from the right.-Time can feel slow. There is a 2x speed but, because money is earned at the beginning of each new day, you may find yourself sitting around and killing time more than you'd like.-No global utilities indicators. Part of this game involves resource management. However, it can be difficult to realize you're not supplying the needed utilities unless the affected tenant is actually in view or you're inspecting the utilities themselves.-Seemingly cannot destroy the original construction room, even after building a new one. This means that you are, to a certain extent, stuck with some original resources that are plopped down.-Overlay uses gradients while everything is based on tiles. This can make it difficult to tell exactly where noise/smell ends, making it safe for tenants that do not like these.-Constructing utility lines can be tedious, having to do it tile-by-tile from their respective closets. What'd I'd like to see is what was done in SimTower, where clicking on a point auto-builds to that location.Despite all that, I love this game. It's a nice little chill game for those that remember Sim Tower fondly. Truth be told, I haven't actually cracked open a proper ""New Game"" yet. I've primarily been having fun with the included Scenarios, objective-oriented lots where you have to, for example, build a great apartment complex. In addition, the contracts you can agree to provide short-term goals to work toward. If you're somebody like me with not a very expansive or creative imagination, both of these provide you guidance in designing your tower.The aesthetic is pleasant. I'm not sure how to describe it. It's colorful and detailed, yet flat. It's kind of like watching an old flash cartoon. Beyond that, however, I absolutely love the ability to pick-and-choose what types of units I want in the building. Each broad category of unit can advertise for and retain different kinds of things, allowing you to pick between things such as an Italian or Mexican restaurant. Certain units also allow you to designate what is essentially the wealth level of its occupants, although they will require more services than a basic tenant. ALl of this allows you to have more control over creating a more vibrant environment.Overall, I'm pleased and I look forward to plunking more hours into this game.QUICK EDIT: I forgot to mention the modding options. This game, like many others, allows users to create items for the Steam Workshop. It's a neat feature that I hadn't fully expected, and I've already got an idea or two of my own for it. The developers even wrote up a few guides on how to create content for the Workshop and provided assets to assist in getting your idea into the game. It'll be interesting to see what sorts of things people crave for their tower."
,Recommended,423580,25414841,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Neriik,This game picks up right after Sim Tower left ages ago.Played two hours so far and had to stop it because I got hungry.Really worth it and a good simulator.It's just missing some infos and tutorials when you need specific tenants for example.
76561198062891565,Recommended,423580,25410741,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,vanherrmann,It's SimTower but streamlined... but complex.... but it's simple. I can see hours being put into this game finetuning my towers. Can not wait to see what the Modding community will do with this gem.
,Recommended,423580,26437204,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jonathonarntson,"I haven't played a computer game in several years (SimCity 4 being the last), and Project Highrise is a great welcome back to what's about to become a bad habit. I live in Detroit where hundreds of buildings line the sky that look like they came straight from this game. I like that it alows you to be creative and challenged. I do wish there were a free-for-all mode where you could just build and build. And I think some better ways to keep track of desired services would be helpful. But overall, a great game!"
76561197971447102,Not Recommended,423580,25493586,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mas Bro Ridwan,"Positives:*) Reminds me of Sim Tower*) Competent resource management and tenant management game*) Real smooth performance so far with little to no hiccup.*) Mod support which should give this game longetivity when modders improve on the base game play. But it should not be the reason to buy the game.*) A distinct 90s pixel arts give this game a vintage feeling, although i wish there are more landmarks in place to signify the time this game took place.Negatives:*) Games feel shallow. There's a distinct lack of variety in restaurant. Restaurants that fall in the same category look nearly identical to each other. There are only three types of tenants you must satisfy. The office workers, the apartment tenants, and the commerce workers. I think there should be more variety.*) No Elevator management ala Yoot Tower. Basically all tenants teleported to their floors, no need for priority or express elevators. The tenants are dumb enough to not use the plethora of alternative made available to them when the elevator they queued in is broken.*) A distinct lack of activity in the life of the tenants. In Yoot tower, the tenants will prepare themselves in the morning, and turn off the lights at night when they go to bed. In this game, the tenants just stand around.*) Resource management information is unclear. There's no information that your services are being overloaded until you notice the service blinking warning to you instead of giving you a proper notification, or until the tenants got angry with you and leave your building for good.*) Not worth the full purchase price in USD. You should not buy this game at full price. Wait until it drops. You can get a maximum of 10 hours of satisfying gameplay until you reach that barrier in which everything feels dull soon after. The game also lack replayability."
,Recommended,423580,25414733,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,FOX,Fully functional game on the release day? This is preposterous!
,Not Recommended,423580,25533370,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DoggoTheGoodBoy,"Project Highrise is entertaining enough, but (like other players have mentioned) it becomes quite tedious/monotonous after awhile. Although I've logged about 18-ish ""hours"", I feel like a lot of that time has been spent on waiting instead of gameplay.I think if this game had been cheaper, I would have recommended it. However, for $19.99 I expect more than what Project Highrise delivered.✮✮✮✮✮ for the perpetual construction-worker jack attacks, though."
,Recommended,423580,25464853,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,omony,"A very nice relaxing sim-game. Feels a lot like remastered good-old simtower with a few new gameplay elements. You must build a tower that attracts different rent-payers. Small offices, corporate HQ, residential, shops and restaraunts. You have to solve different micromanagement issues - most of them are quite trivial yet entertaining to solve. On the other hand, there are strategic decisions that are hard to change later - like planning the people traffic to increase shops/restarants revenues. It is also fun to build several small towers from scratch within an hour or two - so this game is not really a time-consumer (which is a huge plus for me).Things that limit game experience:- Single music track. Could get you crazy listening to the same melody for several hours..- Few large investments solutions - no cinema, no parking, the underground station is cheap and small.- You cannot build ""hanging"" levels (like on the video) without building the lower levels first - this limits the ability to build bridges between towers.- You cannot place plaza / fountains on upper floors (which would be cool).- You cannot build express elevators.- The traffic on the levels / elevators seems to be unlimited."
,Not Recommended,423580,28852223,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yandlegaming,"Its a really good game if your into building Tycoons, but a game thats only fun for one play through, so i disagree with the price, otherwise, worth it."
76561197995375695,Recommended,423580,25489528,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,protean,"I was very happy with this little gem. I paid full price (a mighty £14.99) If you want to see my two warnings, and other generally good impressions see below.I spent a lot of time in SIM Tower back in the day, and like a lot of people I've been looking for something to scratch that itch for some time now. It's been surprisingly difficult: A SIM game in a condensed setting with enough depth and the right amount of difficulty.Project Highrise has hit that sweet spot. But in a modern way and on it's own terms.Warning One: SIM Tower was, at it's heart, a lift simulator. Whatever else you were doing you were watching the movement and queues for lifts. There are lifts in this game but they serve as a simple hack for getting people from A to B magically and occasionally a point of random failure (just for one floor) that might push a tenant ve the edge.If you were looking for a lift stress tester, keep walking. This is not it.If you wanted the simple yet deep enough placement simulator you are home. There a obvious dependencies like utilities. Not so obvious dependencies, like the nice to haves, that they'll begin to complain and, if you don't provide will ultimately leave over. And more mysterious dependencies like demand, competition, placement and oh m god, bin satisfaction.There is also a tech tree of sorts. As you go you'll be trying to rank up prestige as a general way-point for new items, Buzz for short term boosters, and Influence to unlock tower features.Many tenants also require a quantity of some other industry to be placed as well (you can put that exact quantity in the mysterious dependency category). Finally there a contracts you can take for money, bonuses and a bit of direction.As an added bonus there are a good range of lore friendly scenarios. They start with some light mix ups and ultimately teach you that you were a fool to think you'd mastered the game, just because you profitably filled the grid in sandbox.Warning Two: Do not believe the interesting shaped towers in the screenshots, they are far too impractical to actually use. But if you take that as a personal challenge the fill your boots.I really liked this, and can see myself wiling away some more hours on it. I doubt it'll get as much of my life as SIM Tower - but then again I'm not a student anymore so I've got a lot less life to give - and a lot more disposable income for other impulse purchases."
,Recommended,423580,25474963,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,CommanderPancakes,"I haven't written very many reviews but I feel this game deserves one.All in all, I would say it's a solid Good. The lack of what seems like essential components is a little bit shocking but I would not say it is game breaking.Pros:-Forgiving yet fun income to cost ratios-Ability to build absoulutely massive towers-Diverse requirments for different businesses and apartment styles-Nice art pieces for lobbies etc.Cons:-After about 1/3 of the way through a tower, the maintenance and construction workers have a hard time managing the floor space and the limited number that you are allowed means a lot of waiting and micro managing a system that, once upgraded, is suppose to be automated (The ability to hire more would fix this).-Lack of ability to set priorities for construction A.I. (At one point the workers would go all the way to the top of the building, build 1 panel piece, then run all the way to the bottom of the building and build 1 panel piece, then run all the way to the top again. This little snag means you have to really plan what you're building due to A.I. limitations. The ability to hire more may fix this.)-Some of the building features you can stamp and some you have to grab each individual piece. This means a LOT (and I mean a LOT) of scrolling through menus to repeatedly build certain rooms.-The services seem a bit under powered. In my building (150 across above ground and 20 stories high, 180 across below ground to the bottom of the map), I had 2 underground floors dedicated to copy machines, 2 undergound floors dedicated to file storage, 2 underground floors dedicated to couriers, 1 underground floor dedicated to bottled water, 1 dedicated to security, 1 to janitors. and several half floors. And when I say an entire floor I mean as many offices as I could cram into the space. In the end it boils down to about 2-3 offices that require a service per office that provides that service.Other than that though, the game is awesome. It's fun to get on and just kill some time and in my opinion, it was well worth the $20us I spent on it. Plus, it's good finger exercise."
76561198030931191,Recommended,423580,25422805,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,agentallamerican44,"If you grew up in the 90's and remember or loved SimTower, Project Hishrise is a must buy. I've waited over 20 years for a game to fill the vertical empire building hole in my heart SimTower left behind. It's an excellent reboot, without being a direct clone of the original, more like a nice modern homage to Yoot Saito's masterpiece. Excellent gameplay, and nice graphics which are undoubtedly an ode to SimTower. But even if you've never experienced the Maxis gem which was SimTower, Project Highrise is an excellent casual tower simulator in its own regards."
,Not Recommended,423580,25494118,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,cRAGGLE_Oz,"Somewhat entertaining until the tedious repetition kicks in. Much like the pop music of today, while on the right track, it lacks the soul of its influencers.Not recommended at this price, go itch the scratch with Yoot Tower.Positive:On the right track.Killed a few hours.Negative:Price (too high).Lack of deeper transportation (elevator etc.) management.Strange inhabitant logic."
,Not Recommended,423580,34229987,Posted: 13 August,all,Flintlock,"I'd give this a neutral review if I could.It's not bad by any means, but it's a little simplistic for my taste. After playing around in sandbox mode for a while and then completing the first scenario, I feel like I've already experienced everything the game has to offer. As a fan of SimTower and many other management games, I like the concept a lot, but I'd really need about 100 more things to play with to get my money's worth. There ought to be more visualisation tools, fine-grained sliders, prioritisation tools, elevator management tools, and so on. Even the settings menu is a bit sparse. I'd also like more simulation speeds, or, alternatively, for the rent to come in incrementally, since if you run out of money you're basically left with nothing to do until the in-game clock hits midnight.Fun for a while but I felt like I couldn't really get my teeth into it."
,Recommended,423580,28781403,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Deptacon,Buy It. If you played Sim Tower back in the day you NEED this game. It is similar but also different. Looking forward to future updates.
,Recommended,423580,25448230,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,jsauce,"Project Highrise ReviewLike many of the others who grew up on Maxis games likeSimcity, SimEarth, and SimTowerto name just a few. The nostalgic reminder of the games of old that sometimes factor into the decision making process when we purchase games cannot be denied. For example my purchase ofNo Man's Skywas certainly a result of deceptive marketing as much as it was ofSporea game I loved, and still love today. These kinds of purchases can be found throughout my library. FromCities Skylinesthat remind me ofSimcity, toImagine Earthwhich remind me ofSimEarth,toProject Highrisewhich remind me ofSimTower.Indeed its by no coincidence that developers go back to the ideas of old when starting their own game development projects, maybe because they know consumers will gravitate toward games which they already like, or maybe that the developers themselves having grown up during these times also feel that nostalgia and remind themselves how much they loved playing these games. It seems the latter may be true in the case of this game as released comments to this fact drawing a similar feeling on the part of developers, lead them to its development.But this also reminds us how often and terribly underwhelming these simple and seeming reshash of older games can be. Going back to NMS for example, I feel although the game is in some ways more ambitious than Spore, it lacks the foundation, not withstanding Electronic Arts part in Spore, and knowing just how much better it could have been without them, I draw a similar thought wondering how much better NMS could have been without Sony.But then you have these indie developers taking on a classic game like SimTower and putting their design spin on that as well. And what we have in return is not SimTower, but a good alternative nonetheless.Game PlayMuch of the game seems to revolve around the choices associated in running your own skyscraper project, from deciding commercial or residential room design, to choices of food court or full restaurant, or maybe even both. Sure it has other elements included like per floor wiring, and the installation of gas and water pipe requirements of your tenants. But unlike Simtower and it's japanese counterpart Yoottower, there seems to be a tedious feel to the design choices you make.In Simtower/Yoottower each element was not as important as to the overall tower itself, so you never felt the tedious placement of things. However, here each tedious action seems irrelevant to the end product. And by that I don't mean unnecessary, in fact all of that is required, only that I am more interested in the overall project and less interested in the details.So for example when I have to manually run electricity throughout a floor, it becomes annoying, however when I need to wire the entire tower, well that becomes a job in and of itself. The same is true of all the other little elements that make up the end product. Television cable, water pipes, gas lines, phone lines, each one of these things is a monumental task when you are building a large tower, and suddenly what should be a small task, becomes a huge amount of actual work. One person described the task of adding the utilities to his large tower took approximately 45 minutes. This seems like a gross error in judgment on the part of SomaSim the maker of Project Highrise.We should want to enjoy playing this game because it reminds us of the older sim games, and I do think it is incumbent upon a developer to separate and create something that is their own, but don’t get bogged in details. It’s a tower game, not a test in electrical engineering and wiring skills.So if I’m being honest about Gameplay, don’t go into this thinking that its a game about managing a tower, because Yes it does have that aspect as well, but the tedious nature of placement will wear you down very quickly, in an otherwise really great game design.The ControlsOk so here I’m going to be harsh on the developers. Although the game’s control scheme seems well tuned in terms of obvious things like WASD to move the screen around, a choice I like, it also has the problem of not having shortcut keys to automate some of the tedium I already discussed. Adding a few shortcut keys to quickly add a room, or elevator, or wiring closet, rather than having to click through a menu and select my choice, over and over, would have made the task of creating your building a little more fun, a little less work.Bugs and Weird IssuesTo be honest here, this is one of the more seasoned releases I’ve seen in awhile. Seriously, I encountered no bugs whatsoever. Now I’m sure they are there, and I’m sure others have encountered them, but so far I have seemingly be exempted from crashing issues, bugged interfaces, or framerate issues that seem to be the new norm in gaming. So for this I applaud them, they did a really good job in making sure that day one the game was playable, which I can’t say for some developers.Final ThoughtsI do really enjoy playing this game, not only is it a great reminder of SimTower, but it stands on its own as just a really good modern simulation game. Seriously, in an otherwise saturated genre that is mostly filled with trash, this game is a refreshing reminder that some developers are just better at making these types of games. And I think over time Project Highrise will be one of those games that remains at the top.But now to the bad news, it is not perfect. Seemingly bad design choices like individual utility placement, or an inability to clone within the game make what could have easily been one of the best games of the year fall somewhere in the middle. Now here’s the thing, these problems can be fixed, and if they are Project Highrise will ascend to a higher score. I do think that SomaSim will likely fix some of these issues being a smaller company, making the consumer happier only benefits them.Look they already have my money, they got my money the second that pre-purchase was available simply because they made it seem like it would remind me of SimTower, and in fact it does, but it also reminds me that the game that Maxis created is different from the game SomaSim has created. Both are great, but both although appearing quite similar have differences, and for SomaSim I do think in the areas I have discussed they need to fix those issues.So SomaSim if You are reading this, please allow us to clone things from floor to floor, add shortcut keys that speed up the process of adding elements, and For God’s Sake fix the utility problem, make it easier to wire a building, add pipes, and run cable throughout. I’m not kidding please fix this, because longevity in gaming is often determined to by how much you enjoy the details in a game. You may find yourself going back to play something you have beaten before because it's enjoyable to sit for a few minutes or an hour doing a little here and there. But this game does not have that, its tedious and annoying, just in that respect.Everything else is great.Final ScoreSo I struggled a little here in my decision, but I think this game is a solid7 out of 10.If they fixed the little annoyances, it could easily be a 9 or 10, but as it stands right now, I can’t give it that score. I still recommend it nonetheless, because it is a great simulator, and it is fun despite the annoying little things."
,Recommended,423580,32365208,Posted: 12 June,all,Roxel22,"Really nice and relaxing game overall, it doesn't feel overwhelming and it's easy both to comprehend and to manage. However, it's not for experienced players of management games as I feel this could get old real fast. Perfect for beginners as it shines for the simplicity. As many others say, the menus could use some polishing though. Excelent for passing time"
,Not Recommended,423580,33495254,Posted: 12 July,all,Demon,"Played a couple times and it's cool.  But this is for sure one of the games I wish you could just give a meh.  I have to say no because there really isn't a lot to do, as others have said after getting a solid foundation there is never any challenge.  The biggest reason I'm saying no is the game dev company apparently is content just adding paid visual DLC's that add really nothing new to the game that a mod couldn't.  Just new pictures no new features, and this game desperately needs features I'd say its visually complete especially with mod content but really some other suggestions have been made. Interacting with your tennets would be interesting."
76561198031060289,Recommended,423580,30581611,Posted: 17 March,all,ctcatuga,"Still a fervent player of Sim Tower (through dos box), and I have to say this is a fantastic modern update!!  All the details that Sim Tower lacked have been added to this game.  Rooftops, seasons, building services, etc. The details that have gone into this game are amazing.It's pretty difficult in the beginning to get your tower going, but after awhile you develop a rhythm that makes it easier.  Then a little while later you have to carefully plan out where you place certain tenants because noise and smells will affect their happinness.If I had to make one complaint about the game, though, I would say traffic management needs a big upgrade.  Sim Tower had an incredibly complex (for it's time) traffic management system with the elevators: choosing starting floors, which floors to include/exclude, different styles, types, speeds, etc., but the elevator system in PH is just a teleporter.  It breaks down occasionally, but maintenance men take care of it almost immediately.  You can easily get away with just one elevator.  Upgrading the traffic management system would make this already great game even better.Overall, I definitely got my money's worth!!"
,Recommended,423580,26508865,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,LordRick,"This game is great!  It reminds me of the good ole Sims tower only with a lot more features and updated graphics.  I can honestly say that if you like city builders, you will enjoy this game."
76561197996499481,Recommended,423580,25542319,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Etsat,"Simtower is a traffic simulator, Highrise a symbiosis simulator.If you have this in mind, you'll be all set. I have used many hours of my younger life playing SimTower, so when this game was coming I was all set. Its not a copy of SimTower, though. Its a Sim, its a realtions-sim of a tower. All things work together or they don't. Smell, noice, all plays a part of the game.But its good, its fun to play, and I find myself restart a new tower thinking ""ok, this time I'll do this, because later I'll need to do this, and..."" Thats the markings of a good game to me :)"
76561198140060204,Recommended,423580,25456052,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kevin H Y Lui,"It is very pleased to see a new tower simulation game turns up after the legend SimTower. I have played ST for a long time until I gave up my old computer. After I know the PH I pre-ordered it asap.Basically there is no big difference between ST or PH in terms of operation. You built it and let people comes in, they leave when you can't satisfy them. What has changed is the PH has added options in building, such as pick up difference types of Office, apartments, shops, and the electric and water pipe works. These offer more options for players to design the tower, which ST don't have.I must say the gameplay is still rather too simple so far even I have tried the hardness mode. Some of the area are really questionable, e.g. why should we have built the floor, then add the office? Couldn't these 2 works being done at the same time like ST did? The dray and built in PH is rather weaker than that of ST.The fast speed is rather slower than I expected.In general, I still recommend this game because it is a new generation of ST. However if it does not improves its complexity  I would be surely disappointed."
76561198024997780,Recommended,423580,35097702,Posted: 20 September,all,diafygi,"I was looking for a modern SimTower, and this fits pretty well. Recommendation: watch a Let's Play on youtube to learn all the non-intuitive needs (trash, gas connectors, etc.) so you don't get caught without space for infrastructure on a floor."
76561198134808890,Recommended,423580,25447396,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Phton,"Loving this game so far, but there is actually a bug that I consider nearly gamebreaking. Whenever you put down a large plaza tree, but bulldoze it, it puts debris ABOVE it, which is unreachable, and you cannot build over the debris, essentially making those tiles and all above them completely unusable. I'd still highly recommend this game though, very fun.EDIT: The bug was fixed!"
76561198004930490,Not Recommended,423580,25420694,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Nexrema,"I enjoy the game for what it is currently, but I can't help but feel that there is nothing to do. As it is you are basically just balancing stats with budget and tenants... I played for an hour and I feel mreally bored, there is nothing dynamic, nothing to make you want to keep on playing. It really feels like a remake of Sim Tower with minimal influence on your actions which makes for very boring gameplay. I am not sure what is missing but it doesn't feel right.I really want to enjoy this game but for 20$ there is not much to do but just balance stuff. I do not recommend this game at this point. As I said before the game is ok but it feels empty...DEVS: There needs to be something more to the gameplay, it is way too bland. I will wait a week to see where this goes but eventually I will consider Steam refund that is less than 2 hours gameplay in less than 2 weeks. I really don't want to do this but there is nothing to do in this game, boring AF, no replayability."
76561198267733346,Recommended,423580,25434438,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,aarontweten,"Only about 3 hours playing time so far, but really enjoying this game. Was hoping it would be somewhat like Simtower a game I loved back in the day and it does meet that goal.  However it is different and it's nice to see a new spin on an old concept. There are utilities to manage, which adds a simcity aspect to it. If you liked simtower then give this a shot."
,Recommended,423580,29127795,Posted: 8 January,all,Princess Milky,"Currently still... working on this... trying to learn all the mechanics and how to efficently build a goddam tower... but that's the fun!Not ""how low can you go?"" in this case but rather ""HOW HIGH TILL I TOUCH THE SKY?!"" and in my case so far i've not gotten past like five floors above ground... but that's just because i'm too busy spending too much tme in the little managment aspects. That's fun too.The game offers A LOT of variety in all aspects of what you put into your building and how much you can earn. Micromanagment at its best if I do say so myself. Everything somehow fits together, everyone needs something. It's your job to get it right.It's deff worth the price, but if you want just wait till a sale. It's very detailed and fun and it'll help you along the way starting out."
,Not Recommended,423580,35040298,Posted: 17 September,all,RionanThor,"A fun little game about building towers of all assortments and sizes, built the way you want. Perfect for relaxing and winding down, although full freedom isn't quite there in this game, even with the unlimited mode activated. This game definitely has some kinks and problems that I can't really overlook though, which makes this peaceful game a little frustrating at times.Not to mention some game breaking bugs, such as lost click input. For example, when trying to exit out and save your game and the mouse click not registering with the game that you've clicked to save and exit, and thus closing the popup and doing... nothing. Also, random control changes, such as the scroll wheel changing from zoom to directional movement randomly in seession. As I said, frustrating.The game is supposed to be relaxing and fun, and it is, when everything is working right. However, I can't recommend a game like this if it has frustrating bugs as explained above. 5/10"
76561197989737094,Not Recommended,423580,34843902,Posted: 9 September,all,Traksimuss,"Some designer decisions make this game less fun than it could have been.Also once you learn basic things, it is impossible to lose as there is no depth of options.Still, some fun can be had with this game, so pick it up on cheap if you like the genre."
76561198257854117,Recommended,423580,35354362,Posted: 30 September,all,billyvirgos,"Project Highrise is  a very interesting game for those ever thought that they could be the best builder of the best building in the world  and manage it to be the most suscessful at managing it to be that way for years to come...in a gaming sense of  way.  It is essentialy a building simulator starting with the base game itself. You can set the challenge level according to what you would like to accomplish.  Feel like being wacky and off the wall with your highrise, setting up the game to easy level with the option of unlimited cash and resources can  allow you to do that. But let us say that you want to understand what it takes to build and operate a highrise in real world terms as close as you can possibily understand at that moment, the game settings can allow you to do that. Also, this game teaches the player a few points that are essential in the real world when you think about it..patience, pragmatic forethought and money management.  Because, if you set this game to the normal or harder levels, patience is needed to wait for when the moment is right to build more and expand, pragmatic forethought is preparing yourself for when you need to make smart decisions in a time of crisis or take advantage of a bad situation in your highrise in order to advance your ambitions to the next level...whatever they might be.Some of my likes about just the base game alone is that the challeges you take on from the beginning.  I have to admit that although I had to restart my game to the beginning because I did not understand certain concepts of play or, for example, why I had to replace essential lines after I tore down a section of wall.  Once I understood that, then I was better prepared.My dislikes to the game is that there is no multiplayer competition or cooperative play options. I would assume that in real world building  and operations management...there are those who compete to see who can create the best highrise and keep it operational and in the black the longest or have a team create and operate a highrise together.If I could make any suggestions that might be of interest to the developers...as for random events, could tthere be some random ""human"" events that could happen in the game like a bombing or riot for example or some other nautral events like a hurricane or a tornado?  Also, since the Miami Malls DLC has been created, could it be reminded that commuter trains are to be build on elvated and not underground since the earth around Miami is largely coral bedrock or create a game option that can determine how far you can build underground.  One last suggestion, since there are other builldings around the world that have added green technologies into there building designs...I was wondering if the same could be done for this game as well?So, you like to building and running your own personal modern day monoliths for the fun of it, then Project Highrise is for you!!! ;)So, what will you build today????"
,Recommended,423580,25506214,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,HeavyMcD,"This game is bound to be compared to SimTower, so I'll compare it to SimTower.This game basically hits all the same notes for me that SimTower did.  You build things.  You make money.  You try to make your tower prettier.  Arguably, this is easier to do in this game than SimTower, because you have a few more tools in your box and a few less silly restrictions to work within.It is a bit shallow.  Even on top difficulty, it's fairly easy to maintain a positive cashflow.  But honestly, so was SimTower.  Once you got to the hotel stage, you were generally good to go.  So really the only ""depth"" that is missing here is elevator car management, which frankly I always found tedious and do not miss one bit.I paid $15.  I got $15 worth of fun out of it already.  I'm still not done with it.  Calling that a recommend.  If you're on the fence, wait for the inevitible 50% sale."
,Recommended,423580,25516494,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Roversword,"Project Highrise may be considered part the simulation and economy genre.You are building your tower with flats, aparements, offices, restaurants, shops and such (the clients). Those need services which you need to provide (electricity, phone lines, tv lines, gas, water, plumber, copy services, etc.).It is your goal to accumulate not only money, but als some sort of ""fame"" to grow and unlock more and bigger clients who you might have in your tower.Bigger clients also mean that you need to meet some criterias (offering certain services like copy centers or office cleaning teams or having enough varities in restaurants or office types).Each day represents a cycle in which all the services are being done and the rent is paid.The game is fun and certainly addictive (another floor, another optimisation, etc.). However, it is not overly complicated and not overly difficult.This in itself does not necessarily mean a bad thing, but at some point its more of a ""sandbox with nearly no way to fail"". The most difficult part of the game is the part to get there...Once you reached a certain income, it is only a matter of time to get the money to keep running and (safely) grow/expand floor by floor.This might change in the future (or with mods), however, the game is not terribly challenging at this moment.It has still some rough edges and there are still possible optimisations in balance.I have yet to encounter bugs. So far I had no issues. The game runs rather fast even on lower specs (at least in my experience)However, the game is still actively patched/developed which means that changes and fixes will come.Additionally it appears to be higly moddable which certainly is a very big plus, especially when it comes to new content and maybe even scenarios.If you are into games that offer simulation, economics and building parts, you are certainly not wrong to look at Project Highrise."
76561198261907714,Recommended,423580,27741110,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TinyFox,"Project Hirghrise is a take on a modern SimTower game.  However, it has basically no elevator management, which was a staple of SimTower, as those who played it will certianly remember.  If you were a fan of SimTower, you will definitely enjoy this game.  I enjoy this game, (as you can tell by my 45.4 hours on record), but the pace sometimes feels too slow.  It feels like the ""fast"" speed should be the normal speed of the game and they should add another faster speed option.  I'm guessing it would be difficult to add a faster speed with all the AI pathing the game has to manage at a given moment, but it would really reduce the amount of ""waiting around"" for more funds or things to get built.  The scenarios are robust and will last you a long time.  I think I have finished about half of them at this point."
,Recommended,423580,25415610,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Big McLargehuge,"The modern, deeper take on SimTower that I've been looking for for a long time."
76561197961058954,Recommended,423580,25583270,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Atrophy,"I really enjoyed playing Sim Tower when I was a little kid. This game does a great job of bringing that feeling back with fun, stress-free gameplay and unexpected depth."
76561197978061660,Recommended,423580,25848622,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dave,"As a huge fan of the original Sim Tower from the 90's, I have been in love with this game since day one.  No longer are you restricted to having to figure out how to run a Windows 3 game on a current system!Yeah, it gets repetitive, but I didn't buy it for a unique and captivating story."
,Recommended,423580,25502297,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,spiritedrinoa,"I was a huge fan of SimTower, and as my computer outpaced the ability to play the game, I was hopeful to find a replacement. Much searching turned up no results (the closest find being Unholy Heights, which, while good in its own right, really isn't the same as SimTower at all). I lamented, and worried I would never find a replacement for this game I loved (or, would have to forever be doomed to playing it in DosBox...)And then, I heard of this game. ""Coming in Summer 2016!"" it promised. I watched the promo, checked out their social sites. I was hooked. THIS was the replacement for SimTower that I had waited for for so long.I still haven't played a game through to unlocking every level of service, but I'm hooked on this tower building game. Many of the elements of the game are reminiscent of SimTower with a few differences. A major one is that you don't micromanage the elevator patterns (a huge plus in my book...that was always the most frustrating aspect to me). An added element is utilities - think SimCity if you will. You wire the electrical, cable, phones, gas, and water throughout your building as appropriate.Certain businesses/apartments will also have specific needs. Some will require phone lines, others won't. Some will want copier services, some will want janitorial services.The overlay maps are also familiar to a former SimTower player, with some added features. You can see satisfaction, profitability, noise level, smells, grime, and more via red/green overlays.Highly recommended for people who enjoy sim/management games. Doubly so if you too are a SimTower fan who has been feeling lost without your 5 star towers."
,Recommended,423580,25410944,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cyan,"If you played Sim Tower growing up, this is a great spiritual successor to it. It definitely feels like it has a great pace and makes you focus on perfecting your tower before it gets far too big to handle."
,Recommended,423580,27903236,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jungkookie,"I feel so nostalgic playing this game, bringing me back to the hours I've spent playing Sim Tower growing up. If anyone wants an ""Old Maxis feel"" with the perks of a bunch of upgrades, I highly recommend this!"
76561198314641948,Recommended,423580,29401843,Posted: 21 January,all,masongl2003,"Very good game! But the stress is crazy! If you expand too fast, you are gonna see many clients go, and one wrong move and your building will go from great, to a broke empty building. This game can use some more fetures, like a hotel option, or even pools, but this is a great must buy game!"
76561198325756197,Recommended,423580,33126337,Posted: 2 July,all,SalmaX33,"Really nice fun game, the las vegas dlc is worth it, get it in the steam summer sale while you can and have a nice fun unlimited game you can enjoy forever :p"
,Recommended,423580,25488486,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Lara Croft,"**first review so don't judge too harshly**First of all, I was hesitant to buy this game because I play a lot of simulation games & alot of simulation games are a hit and miss. I have completely been in love with this game since I got it and heres the deal.Yes its great. Amazing even, BUT there is improvement needed. I kind of got through the whole game really quick and I almost have all the achievements with little effort. I mean if thats the game you want to play then go for it! But I like to work a little harder. There is different modes of course for money you start with but once you learn how to play & work the system its pretty simple and start over on a new map.I do LOVE the art style, the options with the resturants, stores, etc. It has plenty of variety there. And the many things you do have to be careful about placing your residents or offices like noise, smell, etc. This game has so much potential and I really hope they add more to the game so it can become even better. I mean when I was playing I thought it would be cool to even have hotels as an option? On the other hand I have waited to have a managment hotel game for so long (yes I've played hotel giant) so I might be picky on that. But it still would be pretty nice.Overall: This game is great, addicting and has a bucket load of potential. I just think for the future they need more content to play around with because I play so much and I run out of things to do & place. If you are craving a simulation game with managment, this ones for you.++ For the price It's a pretty good deal if you have a craving for some management games."
76561198130561872,Recommended,423580,25537530,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,amorabbit,"This is this first game I've ever wanted to leave a review for, normally everyone has already said what I wanted to. Bare with me if it's a bit all over the place.I saw this game on a let's play from one of my favorite YouTuber's, Flabiliki. It's not the first time he's played a game and I've bought it, but it is the first one that's really grabbed my interest and I found myself wanting to play it more than watch him on his channel. So I pre-ordered the game just a couple days before it was released and I'd never been so happy with a purchase. I think on the first day I played it six or so hours. It was great. However I never played any of the old sim tower games I see everyone in the comments comparing it to. For me, this game is perfect to just sit down for a few too many hours, listen to music, and just play. Although the music isn't necessary, I quite like the sound effects in the game. I know a lot of people wish there was more of a challenge to the game but I enjoy it. You can make the game more challenging by putting it on a higher difficulty or trying out the scenarios, which are my favorite. No, your game is not just gonna implode and fail if you place one wrong thing, you can get away with doing things a little wrong. This sim game is more forgiving than all the others I've played and it's a nice break. Especially if you're the type of person who wants a more aesthetic tower versus extremely high functioning (or if you like to decorate ;P).So in short, if you want a really challenging and complex sim game I don't think it'll be your cup of tea (at this point in time anyway). But if you want a relaxing sim game watch some youtube videos, see if they make you want to build your own tower, and then go for it. Just make sure you have a couple of free hours. (;"
,Recommended,423580,27880953,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Barry Zuckerkorn,"If you are a fan of SimTower then this is the game for you. The objective of the game is to keep your office and residential tenants happy.  They pay your bills so make sure you satisfy their needs.  As you progress through the game, you earn prestige which unlocks bigger offices, apartments, restaurants, shops and building services.Things that are different from SimTower:-No more having to manage your lifts. People go on lifts as they please.-No hotel rooms (edit: hotel rooms added as DLC)-Have to manage the building's utilities such as electricity and water-Can build separate buildings on your lot-Have to manage your building's noise and smells generated from restaurants and shops. Offices and residents do not like that."
,Recommended,423580,26762737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Winter,"Addictive and fun, hoping it will have more demeands and options such as diversity in population other types of rooms that have different modifiers (E. g - trash, -noise).In -game system should say how much itA nice blueprint planning feature would be nice too."
,Recommended,423580,25415844,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zeronaire,"The easiest way I can describe this is, Project Highrise is to SimTower, as Stardew Valley is to Harvest Moon.Take a classic formula, and expand upon it without scope creep. I say with no hyperbole I've been waiting for a game like this for years."
,Recommended,423580,25415533,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,robbie_86,Great game if your in to Simtower.
,Recommended,423580,25411510,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TheAxeMan33,"Very well-done and polished, it works quite flawlessly aslong as you have the system requirements met. It gets really addicting after just a few minutes of actually playing the game."
,Recommended,423580,25411533,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,HiggsBoson,"Enjoyable game... takes me back to my beloved Sim Tower, except this one has some upgrades over that game. Could have had some better graphics, or a 3D feel to it... but overall I'm pleased with my purchase, $20 is very reasonable for what you get."
,Recommended,423580,25484936,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ultrae Vires,"Good replay value, forces you to consider your choices and can be unforgiving at times.Some UI changes need to be made, tutorial is badly needed for new players. Once you get into it, you'll have a lot of fun if you enjoy micro-management and builder games."
76561198041276115,Recommended,423580,25514027,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,katbarf,"No it's not exactly like Sim Tower. No at this point the elevators aren't something you have to worry about unless they break down. This game is fun, it has a growing mod community, and the devs are quick to answer questions and make fixes.If you like city builders you will like this. As City Skylines is Sim City's spiritual successor, so is this game to Sim Tower."
76561197965449137,Recommended,423580,27676763,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blackanvil,Really enjoy this game. Very relaxing. Building. Micromanaging. Watching people go to work; eat; sleep; artsy.Very calming.
76561198229486552,Recommended,423580,26277879,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Megtheridon,"This game is a lot of fun. Many challenges in it, but if you get off the ground and proceed through the game, it gets much easier. After a while, though, I reccomend getting a few mods, to spice up your building. (Also, don't add 50 floors at once without the extra construction office mod. It takes way to long to build them. Trust me; I know.)"
76561198204406073,Recommended,423580,25811949,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,mumbles2364,Great game.  Simtower in the twentieth century. The technical assistance from the provider is great.  They really attempt to see what the issues are and see if there if a fix on their end or if the problem lies in your own system if you have any issues.
,Recommended,423580,28854403,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spearminty,Highly recommended if you are a fan of Sim Tower and have been searching for decades for its rightful spiritual successor.
76561197993270864,Recommended,423580,33631573,Posted: 18 July,all,Lyin' Devil!,"It's one of those, i'll just add a few more things then log off and before you know it you've added 2 more floors with 10 new tenats and another hour has gone by.  There is also a lot of starting options to build aswell.  Do i want to build a hotel, mall, apartment, office?  each with a deep tree of things to build.  Which makes starting fresh never bother me.  The DLC is priced just right, for what it offers.  The Vegas dlc is fun as you can build a big casino.  book singers.  make a massive hotel.  Just bought the Mall DLC, haven't tried it, but i saw huge stores, escalators, mall guards, and more.  the whole package will cost you a little less then 30 bucks which isn't that bad.  If you like building type games i reccomend getting this one.  You'll spent hours making different towers."
76561197974038051,Not Recommended,423580,25420435,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zevras,"It's not very good, and that hurts to say as someone with hundreds of hours in Sim/Yoot Tower. The utility system is very fiddly and un-fun, I dislike the way elevators work, and it really feels very shallow. Wide, maybe (lots of different rooms), but it's very shallow. Build A to unlock B, build B to unlock C.Balancing doesn't feel good, it's just bad... not satisfying.Graphics are not bad, audio/music is poor.A good tycoon should have enough complexity to the simulation that's rewarding to just zoom out and watch the wheels go round. None of that here."
76561198087083102,Recommended,423580,25411944,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Caz,So far loving the game just what I've been looking for
,Recommended,423580,25655473,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Che3zy_Grin,"Back in the day, I put a lot of hours into SimTower. It was fun, it was challenging. This game has taken some of the best elements of that game and modernised them.However, that said, it is a limited imitation and lacks some of the depth and complexity that I was hoping for. Despite this, it is fun to play and at a reasonable price with a vibrant modding community."
76561198092073090,Not Recommended,423580,25544900,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Skintick,"I would have a hard time recommending this game I think. The resource management side of it is fantastic. There's a lot of moving parts that make up the highrise you are managing, which makes for a constantly moving machine, however, I didn't find it particularly engaging.After 3 hours of playing I found it to be a bit of a chore, rather than a game that kept me interested. Boring isn't the word I would use, it just wasn't as engaging as I would have liked. A real story, with goals other than the ""contracts"" would make this an entirely different and comprehensive game."
76561198092344618,Not Recommended,423580,31922976,Posted: 23 May,all,SweVo - Elite,The platform is pretty nice and it is a game people waited a long time for. If your in to micro management you'll probably have a blast for a couple of hours. Get's pretty much same same later on in the game so if you can live through it I'd recommend it.Fun but same same :-)
,Recommended,423580,25518512,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Bertie,"I never played Simtower or the like and picked this up after watching a let's play. So far I'm thoroughly enjoying it! Whilst it looks simple from the screenshots there's more to it than simply placing blocks around. At first I thought I'd end up sitting around a lot waiting for the next day to tick over so I could get more cash, however after my building gets started I find I'm actually having to pause the game to take care of everything I want to do.The only problem I've found is that spending a short time on it isn't possible. On the first day I spent something daft like 4 hours on my first building and ended up in bed a couple of hours late. It's been a long time since a game has engaged me that much!"
,Recommended,423580,25435669,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Arami,"I just blew my off day on this game and I feel it was well worth it. It has teh feel of SimTower, which I like. It's a bit too easy."
76561198148950479,Not Recommended,423580,26361860,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Robert Bob Johnson Smith,Fun game.No replayability.After a few restarts you'll know the best/optimal tower layout and there isn't much after that.Mods could've been a big thing but there's barely anything available.
,Not Recommended,423580,25444048,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ChefEff,"I think Project Highrise could have been excellent.Instead, it's just a well dressed dud.It does a great job of updating the old sim tower style and feel. However, it does a terrible job of updating the old sim/yoot tower style of gameplay. Complexity does not always equal fun, and a lot of needless complexity was added. There's a reason why Yoot/Sim tower worked so well. They implemented a complex game, but with mechanics that were in no way fiddly, or overly complex for the sake of it.They also failed to learn the lessons of the old Sim City titles, in regard to plumbing and wiring. Nobody likes doing plumbing and wiring on individual cell units. It's tedious, and annoying.Also note: The developers description is also misleading.They claim, and I quote: ""Open sandbox play with several difficulty levels and starting conditions allowing you to build your dream skyscraper towering above the surrounding city.""It isnotopen sandbox play. It is an easy mode, with $20,000 in starting money. Everything is still locked at the start. The ""several"" difficulty levels amount to lot size and amount of starting money. When asked on the discussion board, it would appear they have no intention of actually supplying an ""Open Sandbox"" mode. This is highly misleading, and whether they admit it or not...most people do not consider what they have offered as an ""Open Sandbox"".So, consider yourself warned. The game does not offer ""Open Sandbox"" play.At least, not by any gamers definition of ""Open Sandbox"".Having reviewed the modding tutorial, it would also appear that modding is fairly stunted as well. Mainly limited to items.In short, I would not recommend this game at all. I will be pursuing a refund. I was hoping for a game with sandbox content. I loved the original Sim Tower and Yoot Tower. (Admittedly, they were not pure sandboxes either, but we at least had a save game editor. =) ) However, Project Highrise is not even close to being a worthy successor. It's needlessly complex with things like wiring, plumbing, etc. It's got a decent style to it, but that's all it really has. It looks nice, but looks aren't everything. Underneath, it's just ... awful. The game was a huge disappointment."
76561198002866199,Not Recommended,423580,35147200,Posted: 23 September,all,ik911only,"This SimTower reboot takes all that was good about the 1994 game and throws it out the window.You're left with micromanaging each and every office and home, laying pipe, waiting for construction to happen, and generally having a bad time. Yuck."
,Recommended,423580,26653701,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,scrombled,"This is a good game as a time-waster, but I don't feel that it's worth $20. The game feels a bit empty, honestly. Probably more worth $10 or $15."
76561198051482123,Recommended,423580,27731460,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Astral,"While I still recommend the game it really needs more time to bake, way to many bugs, issues, quirks and logic flaws.  Something possible or common in reality is not even a factor in the game.The game is fun until something stupid ruins it for you.  You are not allowed to make certain mistakes without being unreasonably punished.  If you place an office of room in the wrong spot and assign it before you realized it, you have to take a hit to prestige and money to fix it... BEFORE it even starts construction!!!You cannot pay to relocate businesses and neither do they want to move of their own desire.You cannot ""upgrade"" rooms, once you build it you are stuck there unless you want to take hits.Everything is a life long lease?  How about some options?External City life feels complete detached, stores in building rely too much on the people in the building instead of the so call entire city surrounding the building.  Same goes for the opposite direction, you cannot have luxury items unless you have the associated supporting businesses they want.I am also dying to know how a store or restaurant 2 flipping floors down from an office is too noisy?  To smelly?  Yea if the ductwork is garbage but noise is not common except right next to each other.Building maintenance and management...  it could be improved a lot.  I already know that is not realistic to turn a 4 story building into a 20 story but it is a game for games sake, however there is a lot more that goes on between the floors than this game gives credit for.  Where are the A/C & heating systems?  This would be a wonderful element of management to add to the game.  Make sure that proper ventilation is had for certain businesses so nearby businesses don't complain.How about wall insulation?  What never heard of it?  O, that's right, build a bank of phones in a building that sells cell phones.  To many things are just not well thought out!Oh, and floor only baloney!  Why is there an arbitrary limitation like that?  Really?  I have to waste resources on every floor because logic dictates that the Trash can all the way on the opposite side of the building is better than the trash can one floor below you, right next to the elevator.  Or how about a common room or vending machines?  No restrooms?  Better hold your fluids and push those jalapenos away because you can also live there and you don't want to be the one pooing on the elevator!The game is adicting to play, but geez I am tired of feeling like too many things need to be too well planned in advance.  if you can look paste things like this, then go get you some fun!  yes I am recommending this game despite my hollerin, but there is a lot of stupid you need to look past for it!"
,Recommended,423580,26529795,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,slothmountain,"Fun game that's like Sim Tower, but less complex and involved - mostly a good thing! Love that the developer is pushing out updates and features so quickly, and that the mod community is growing. Definitely recommend."
76561198004379535,Recommended,423580,29886075,Posted: 12 February,all,Nelgoth,"Absolutely great! I have been playing on hard and it has been delitefully challenging. The mechancis of the game feel really smooth and offer just the right amount of complexity; it was really easy to learn how to play and still offers a great deal of customization. As one would expect, it definitely scratches the SimTower itch, but it still has a very original take on a somewhat cloistered genre. (Also, don't believe the reviews that state the game is just tiny tower, they obviously only played the game for a few minutes.)  At the time of this review, the game appears to still be getting a decent amount of love from the developers and the Mod community seems to be latching on as well."
,Recommended,423580,25508211,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ben,I am hooked! This is my kind of game. So glad I discovered it.
,Recommended,423580,26125562,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,lorenzmartincruz,"I've been waiting for a successor to SimTower and Yoot Tower for ages and finally someone considered making one.Project Highrise seems more in-depth compared to Yoot Saito's games. I also like that the tenants lo. Although it didn't pretty much give me that x-factor I got from the aforementioned games, I'm positive this game's only gonna get better and better.For those looking for a new SimTower-like game, this is the closest we have thus far.P.S. It would be awesome to see moving cars in the background to give it more life."
,Recommended,423580,35438830,Posted: 3 October,all,LachD_1223,A nice little tower bullding game in the rein of Sim Tower. There are a number of missions ( plus more in the DLCs) in addition to sandbox mode. It can easily take 2 hours to complete the gold objectives in a mission. Despite a fair amount of annoying busywork (like having to put water and electricity lines on every level) the game does many things right and has a fair amount of depth for me to reccommend.
76561198000158614,Recommended,423580,35435853,Posted: 2 October,all,Ҝąŧąąŋğ,Great game! Definetely a nice way to take a break from your normal games that you play and just enjoy a nice little strategy game. Would defintely refer to a friend!
76561198039771086,Recommended,423580,35471044,Posted: 4 October,all,Jimbo The Bimbo,"I feel like I had to review this game because I was on the fence about getting it and want to help others make up their mind. For months Ive been on and off looking for a way to play SimTower but not only does it appear that there are not any safe downloads available but it requires a 32bit operating system.I came across Project Highrise one day coincidentally and thought I'd give it a go. Am I disappointed? No. Not at all.Its a great game which takes the core of SimTower and adds to it more diversity, complexity and intuitive gameplay.The player's objective is to build a thriving tower from scratch incorporating retail, residential, commercial and hospitality which is largely similar to SimTower. How Project Highrise differs is the player must construct and micro manage that tower all the while giving consideration to changing factor's like the outside economy, construction price increases, staff strikes and local competition.For anyone on the fence about getting this game, I highly recommend it and assure you this is a great way to sit down and unwind."
,Recommended,423580,25686740,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Nombie,"In the first week I think I'd spent 31 hours playing. It's good fun, a little repetitive but isn't everything. A few minor QoL things which need to be worked on, but it's a new game with a workshop and what looks to be an active Dev Team so issues can be ironed out with updates and what not.Overall I love the game can't really fault it. It's a fab way to kill some time. I like the scenarios but perhaps a story mode would be fun idk."
,Recommended,423580,25519617,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mr Peppah,This game is great. I can't wait for more updates to be added.
76561197993854638,Recommended,423580,25457743,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SirMunchALot,A brilliant building game.
76561198182720410,Recommended,423580,25412406,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,bashapretsch,If you loved SimTower your gonna love this. Great game.
,Recommended,423580,25496043,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kimberly,Great game! The campaign is pretty cool but sandbox mode is where you'll probably end up. The fact that you can make your own items in the workshop is the cherry on top.
,Recommended,423580,25513075,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Natirs,"Great tower sim game. If you liked Sim Tower, you will love this game."
,Recommended,423580,26084120,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nenitosoyyo,"I use to love to play SimTower way back then, so glad someone has decided to recreate the idea into something new and better. I have enjoyed the game, and love that mods are a allowed, because the community can get creative and add more to the game. If you enjoyed SimTower, you will defiently enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,423580,34821342,Posted: 8 September,all,LordCapitan32,"I find this game a nice way to relax and chill out- I've not explored the entire game; I have bought the expansions and will play through them at some point.  Having only just under 7 hours logged on the game, I don't feel that I have anywhere near seen all that is to offer but what I have seen and played is ""comfortable"".  By that I mean it is a relaxing game.  I haven't felt massive stress or urgency while playing the few scenarios.If you have a break from the game it can be a little confusing to relocate all of the different building types, e.g. services but that could just be me.It's a steady game which I will play now and again- perfect for dipping in and out of."
,Recommended,423580,25465926,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Aurghyadip,"Project Highrise can be considered as one of the (actually, only) true successors of SimTower. It's almost the same experience. Some advanced features are not present but I am sure community updates will add the features after some days/months. The strategic side of the game is just fantastic. It ca all end up in a big mess if you do not plan your tower well. :)"
76561198283489750,Recommended,423580,25521743,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,adleathermanemt,"This game is great! I downloaded it yesterday morning and have been hooked ever since. So far I haven't found any bugs (crossing my fingers now that I've said that). But in all honesty this game has been done very well. The animations are great. The gameplay is smooth, it's not so intricate that you get annoyed trying to do things in the game and after playing for a little over 5 hours (game time), I'm still finding new things out about the game. I would recommend this game. Also I don't have a super fancy computer (well laptop really) and this game plays just fine on it."
,Recommended,423580,25546351,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,mistergreen,"I think my play time speaks for itself when I say I love this game. As a Sim and Yoot tower player, I enjoy this modern twist on a old classic. I don't usualy review games, but seeing many negative comments with a few hours of play time made me pause The Game, and quickly write this opinion.Bug fixses and updates seem to be spot on for now. Hope they keep it up. Modding community seems to be slowly growing with plenty of workshop content to be tested as well.Would recomend for the ocd builders like me!"
,Recommended,423580,34104268,Posted: 8 August,all,lljk://the.deadly.hume,"First up, I quite enjoyed this game.It's probably worth getting this out of the way, it's sort of, yet not really like SimTower / YootTower. I think the main difference in gameplay is the the total elimination of elevator and passenger traffic management - i think having that in here in some form might have introduced another interesting wrinkle to deal with but I can also see why they elided that here in preference to other considerations.Nevertheless, Project Highrise has definitely taken some inspiration design wise, but basically - you build things up as you go, manage services and utilities so as the class of your tenants goes up, so do the challenges in keeping them happy, as you strike a balance between ""too close to the elevator/coffee shop/neighbours that bang like two squeaky rocks"" and ""too far from everything"". So perhaps a puzzle element in there as well.Aside from that, you've gotten a fair bit of freedom to build whatever sort of tower you want, particularly with the Las Vegas DLC bringing in hotel and casino management (I do have to say that the hotel side of things can be a little tricky to manage as continued low occupancy can really send you on a debt spiral if you don't have other sources of income), and the new Miami Malls DLC fleshing out the choices of shopping mall tenants as well as other handy new feature like the bus station (handy if you want foot traffic coming from both side of the tower!). Both DLCs are quite cheap for the variety they add to the base game and I would recommend these.My particular play style seems to be to get heaps of the basic unit type (whether it's apartments or offices as you prefer) for the first 4-5 floors, making sure the basic services are dealt with while relying on modest profits as well as contract goals. Usually I would then give over the 2-3 floors (plus maybe two basement floors) to retail and food for the cashflow, set up the metro for more foot traffic, while trying to move the utilities further down. Then I usually try pushing upwards and introducing the higher rated occupants which get more and more demanding, but also more lucrative.I've never been big on min/maxing for profitability but it's at this point where I can start messing around with details and fixing the problems that I've caused for myself, all the while trying not to annoy the mid-tier tenants who tend to become your bread and butter. So there can be interesting challenges at each stage that you can set for yourself.I wouldn't say it's the most intense game but once you get the hang of managing your finances, there is definitely a zen like quality in building things up, while the Modernist art style is really quite well done (although it's true some people might find it a bit bland) and in the end this is what seals the deal.Certainly worth a look if you like building games with a light management aspect."
76561197993262426,Not Recommended,423580,26571708,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,gman877,"Slow game pace doesn't help, but my biggest issue is the UI. You'll plop down a new building type only to find it has requirements you can't meet. I also feel like I often run out of money, and just blast time in fast forward waiting for the midnight funds to hit. It's ok once or twice, but I have that happen way too often.Decent Idea, but it didn't feel like it delievered."
76561198033402886,Recommended,423580,25456266,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Woshie,Exactly what you think it is from the store page. Runs well. Good price for what you get.
76561197984854716,Recommended,423580,25613928,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,thebeasle,"Great game, even if it's short. If you're looking for an exact SimTower remake, this isn't it. The biggest difference is the elevators. There's less micromanagement in Project Highrise and more focus on making your tower profitable. On the highest difficulty making a profit isn't always easy. As others have said, Project Highrise doesn't have a lot of replayability. But neither did SimTower. The fun was in building, in maxing out a tower and then starting again. I waited until maxing out an office tower in Project Highrise before writing this review. I want to go back and build a residential focused tower next. Will I endlessly manage these towers once they're maxed out? Probably not. But I do expect to occasionally start a new tower just like I did with SimTower. This game has provided a lot of fun for 19.99 USD and is well worth the price."
76561198084601823,Recommended,423580,25449837,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,FreazyE,"Start a tower and one of three things will happen: you will experience epic failure in the first hour and start a new tower; you will survive the first hour only to experience epic failure thereafter, quit to desktop, take a ten minute break, only to return to start a new tower; or 8 hours will have gone by and you'll have developed the best fricken tower ever, save it, take a break, never to go back to it because you've already started a new tower. 9/10"
76561198115829784,Recommended,423580,25446641,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,frank2351,"It could have been better graphics and a little more dynamic. Also missing a couple of items and more game modes but all in all it's a nice little relaxed game. Not too many bugs. Buy on sale, not full price."
76561197998032512,Recommended,423580,25417017,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,quarkdragon,"This is NOT a paid review.A few months ago Kasedo Games contacted our live stream at Diz.tv and asked us to try out this game. It was an early build still, but we were intrigued and so we gave it a try. Almost instantly the Sim Tower nostalgia hit us and everyone in the chat community. We played the game for about 16 hours over four days and really enjoyed it.The game is sim tower only as something I can compare it to. You build the tower, place the rooms, and the elevators and stairs and manage the finances. There the similarities end. In Project High Rise you must also anticipate the needs of the tenants and provide them everything from copier services to high-speed internet connections.The higher paying tenants want more from you than the lower paying ones do, and will move out quicker. There is also an economy simulation in the background, this means some types of tenants will be more popular and pay more, or become less popular and pay less. There is so much to cover and balance here its a challenge to keep up.I am glad to see this game release! If you are a fan of simulation and management games I think you would have a great time with this one.Thanks again Kasedo Games for pointing me here! If you hadn't I would have never known about this little gem.QuarkDragon"
,Recommended,423580,25410229,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,taytortot,"Purchased this game (and found out about it) because of NerdCubed. I've always absolutely loved SimTower. This game truly does offer that gaming experience, but in an even more detailed way. I highly recommend this game to anyone that loves management games, tower construction, or SimTower."
,Recommended,423580,25534905,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Quimogen,"First of all, let me preface this by saying that I am a huge fan of SimTower. I loved every aspect of that game and still find it entertaining and challenging to play today. That said, I did not make the mistake of going into this game anticipating Project Highrise to be a SimTower sequel. I began learning about Project Highrise by watching Let's Plays and reading information provided about this game. I spent weeks going back and forth between pre-ordering the game and buying it once it was released. Eventually I caved and I pre-ordered the game, and I am not disappointed.While there are things about this game that I feel could be improved (flooded departments (courier, copy, housekeeping, etc.), a wider variety in offices and apartment designs), the devs have already delivered on a few of those early bugs. Most of what I would like to see can be satisfied through mods. Some of which I am already employing in my regular gameplay. Early bugs, to be expected, have been dealt with efficiently and professionally so I don't see a future drop in the quality of work the devs will deliver to this game. The elevator system, in my opinion, serves the purpose of this game just fine. After all, this is Project Highrise, not SimTower 2. It needn't be overly complex to achieve the goals of a game with a focus on economics and resource management. Nothing else need be said.For those who found SimTower's elevator management system to be the core of their enjoyment in SimTower gameplay, don't bother with Project Highrise. You will apparently be massively disappointed. However, if you are a fan of the tower building genre and enjoy the asthetics and design/management aspect of casual gaming more than logistical approaches, you will likely find a great game at an extremely generous price."
,Recommended,423580,25592204,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Glaex,"It's not as complex as SimTower, but it adds a good layer of creativity, and is a fantastic game if you want a more chill experience compared to SimTower."
,Recommended,423580,25593576,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Operator AERIS,"Project Highrise does follow in SimTower's footsteps, but brings a bit more intriuge and challange to the mix.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROS:-Utilities add a whole new level of complexity. You need to accomadate a utility closet on each floor to bring phone, electric, and cable.-Advertise to bring in additional visitors, offer ad space to utility companies to get a discount, promote your 5 star restraunts-A varity of businesses that accomadate other businesses. Create an ecosystem in your tower.-Get assistance from business consultants and lawers to grease city halls wheels.-STEAM WORKSHOP CONTENTCONS:-Any store, office, apartment buit will not show the required utility connections once set. You need to go back into the build menu, or wait until the new residence complain about not have one service.-Sometimes, a tennant's reason for leaving isn't always completely clear.-The ""High Traffic, low traffic"" desires of tennants are a bit hard to determine exactly how to accomplish.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL:DRFun if you enjoyed SimTower with a nice bit of depth and additional challanges. Workshop support enabled, but the game is young and could use a few improvements.7.5/10"
,Recommended,423580,25492389,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PurpleMentat,"EDIT 2:SomaSim Games has directly and rapidly addressed the colourblind concerns. I definitely recommend this game and this developer.The developer appears to be addressing this issue. I am tentatively hopeful, and will adjust this review in the future if changes are made. Join the discussion here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/423580/discussions/0/343786714894814551Had to refund. Game relies on multiple information overlays that recquire fine red / green differentiation. Impossible to play when colourblind."
,Recommended,423580,25426565,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ddvlad,"I love this game.  You will probably love it too if you're a fan of Sim/Yoot Tower.At first I was a little worried about the pace, with some bits being too slow.  That's all right once you realize that things move a bit slower at night, of course.  Feel free to speed up at night and let your builders work on the new floors or such."
76561198051520031,Recommended,423580,27243419,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blockix,"Because of loving games in this Tower-Building/Management genre (similiar to Sim Tower or Tiny Tower for Mobile), I expected the release of this game with tension. And it delivered exactly what I was looking for. You have different lot sizes, different difficulty levels and you can choose between a couple of scenarios and free-build mode. The visuals are very low-end friendly but have a nice art style, however one could find them lacking depth. Modding this game, atleast visual aspects of it, is incredibly easy. Its just all around a very nice, realxing game.Although at launch, I got bored after building two towers, the developers kept adding new and usefull stuff to the game and I played a couple hours after every update."
76561198210914592,Recommended,423580,31316856,Posted: 23 April,all,ganguro83,I cannot understand why some persons talk so negative about this game. It is a great mixture of Sim Tower and a management game. I already enjoyed it for many hours and can highly recommend it!
,Recommended,423580,27250983,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$crooge,"Have not finished a ""complete"" tower yet, but got far enaugh to take a look at all features, so here is a review.This disclaimer also bring me to one of the negative points of this game, much like similar ""peaceful"" building games (Anno, Banished), there is a point you understand all, unlock all and nothing challenging is coming up anymore. This game is no exception to that, but to relativate, takes some time to reach that point and keeps at least new, if not challenging, goals coming up. And of course, making another good point, the games motivation rests on your own goals and offers a very nice canvas for that. You can always optimize something, through out tennants, rip out walls and redecorate. Here, bad side again, moving tennants in and out has a problem: it's ridiculously expensive and a punishment (not literally, prestige is lost, not literally, it's an ingame value).Now if that sounds a bit good news - bad news for you, we can thankfully stop here. You just have to overlook having a harsh time on your first playthroughs (I failed twice!) and learn from the game as you go. Since you only see what a specific tennant requires or costs or how much space it needs, once you placed it, this is what the game wants you to do, gather experience (not ingame value, but literally) and use that to build a better, bigger tower! This is a concept that works for me! It is quite motivating and entertaining.Further features:You can name tennants and shops.Indoor fountains.Also this game has style, just style and a well executed one at that.To sum it up: I can recommend this game definitly to genre fans and outside of that to anyone who likes a relaxing building game and sets athmosphere over complexity."
,Recommended,423580,29971559,Posted: 16 February,all,helen damnation,This is really a solid sim game--I highly recommend it if you like being able build something and let it run on its own. The scenarios are nice to keep things fresh with a good range of difficulties.
76561198000088094,Recommended,423580,29979293,Posted: 17 February,all,GOObER,I was reluctant at first having been a big fan of Maxis Sim Tower. I was hoping for something that would bring me back to those old days ...Is this game good? Yes it is great and the devs keep making it better. It's all that I had hoped it would be. It's a really fun two dimensional tower simulator. It has all the ingredients to make you become addicted.But it does have a slight learning curve. But it's simple if you follow the tutorial.So there is nothing holding you back. Get this game - I promise you will love it if you put in the time.
,Recommended,423580,27659708,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Falcoyager,"Perfect video game if you are a creative person, or a real building designer.Boredom 0% (Should've played more.)"
,Recommended,423580,29935604,Posted: 14 February,all,MacCunnegan,"This game is on the move and brings back so many memories of playing Simtower and the like. It has a lot of traits as Simtower but offers their unique ideas and improvement.Pros:Lots of room to expand up and outI like the different levels of difficulty. Beginners mode takes it easy on you with lots of money to startI like the concept of having to supply certain Offices with enmities to function as well as the residential part.Good graphics and the game seems to run smoothlyHours of Building and goals to accomplishIt hasn’t crashed or bugged out on meRegular Updates and ImprovementEasy to Use interface with great descriptionsGreat Interactions by Office Workers and Provided Services such as the File Room, Copy Service and etc.Cons:Maintenance Crew does not repair automatically and fees can add upNeeds a Game Speed Balance – Either normal to super-sonic but nothing in betweenCleaning Crew for the Building and not the Janitorial Crew dedicated to the Office do not seem to reduce the grime in the building.Employees, Residence and office Workers sometime do not recognize that you have food courts and leave the building.For Laughs: Sometimes the simulated people stop and creepily stare at you. I don’t like being judged. LOLThe Smell Complaint is a tad be odd for resident and Office Workers and seem to creep up through the floors.But overall a really great game for the casual gamers."
76561198089010776,Recommended,423580,30350573,Posted: 5 March,all,Pumpkin3.14,"i love this game i will definitly recomend it to my friendsBUT... devs if you read this i have but a single request please! please! please! add a shortcut button for the all the menu branchs? if thats what you call them idk like the infastucture, bulldozer, offices. you know what i mean just please add shortcut keys"
,Recommended,423580,30468934,Posted: 12 March,all,Rathguard,"I may be saying I recommend it but that is because I think its a good game, it just isn't my cup of tea. I can see if people into this sort of management game like it but I do not find it fun."
,Recommended,423580,25523990,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bunny Emperor,"I really like this game, it is my current favorite and I love playing it!Every time I start playing I cant stop myself from playing for hours. This is the first game I ever made mods for, and it went pretty well, because the developers made mod making so easy.Thank you SomaSim, for this masterpiece of gaming."
,Recommended,423580,27625690,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NikkiGump,"Very addicting, good learning curve and good throwback feelCan't wait for more content!"
,Recommended,423580,27825019,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hula121,"It's been a long time since I've played a game so involving, so satisfying, and so chill as Project Highrise. I almost suspect that original SimTower dev Yoot Saito had a hand in its development."
,Recommended,423580,35409027,Posted: 2 October,all,Neko,"The best way I can describe my reaction to this game is 'mixed but likely to improve.' I'll try to explain why.In my opinion the 'Simulation' genre, is a genre that is almost more Sandbox than the Wide Open Sandbox games. The Simulation genre of games like Tropico, Project Highrise, or a huge amount of Kalypso's library are literal sandboxes, where you decide what kind of game you're going to play this time.""I'm going to build a huge hotel with zero offices and the best Casinos and Concert Halls on the block.""""I'm going to build a mall with no offices or apartments, and literally nothing but stores and restaurants.""""I'm going to build a Dystopian Style Office complex with nothing but Plebs making me money.""And so on. Think of them like terms and conditions for your playthrough of that Sandbox mode.And well....the more DLC that comes out for a game, the more tools you have in the sandbox. The more options for roleplaying with your imagination and building your tower come out. The DLC is pretty cheap, and the game goes down to around $5 for the base game during sales (It's 5.49 Canadian as of this review), and the bundle gives you a good 10% discount on all DLC if you get it as it comes out.Ultimately although my reaction to this game isn't that it's the most stellar thing ever. I seriously have to look at something like say Tropico 4, or Fallout 4, or the Sims 3 and ask myself. ""How fun would those games be if you had JUST the base game and literaly no extra content?"" No cement factory or plantation in Tropico 4, no farm plots, robots, or vault stuff in Fallout 4, and literally none of the wacky stuff that makes Sims 3 into the equivalent of living in a Midsummer's night dream with Witches, Fairies, and Robots.So yeah, this game might seem like a 7/10 right now, but I have no question that when the last DLC is out and we have every tool available to us, it'll be an amazing piece of tower fun. I mean it's not like the game will get worse with more options.So I'll give it a recommendation, it's certainly worth the money if you get it on sale, and it's a simulation game, so you're likely going to spend enough hours in it just getting through the first few scenarios to make it worth it."
76561198024975130,Recommended,423580,35425838,Posted: 2 October,all,Cartoon Head,This game is such a time sink. In a good way.  Like a cross between Fallout Shelter and Cities Skylines.  One of those games you play for 20 minutes in your head and 3 hours in real time.
,Recommended,423580,35429346,Posted: 2 October,all,British Cunt,"Quite challenging, but very well balanced and ultimately a great game.  The only downside is that there is slightly too much waiting - once you've expanded as much as you can for the day you have to wait a good couple of minutes before the next day ticks around even on ""fast"" speed.  Would be better if you could skip to the next midnight instead, or if there was more to do while you're waiting for the next paycheck.  Could just be my play style that's causing this, or maybe I just haven't progressed far enough, but it feels like there could be more to micro-manage anyway."
,Recommended,423580,35435068,Posted: 2 October,all,opec,"This is fun. It really brings me back to playing Sim Tower many years ago. There's a lot more detail layered into this than Sim Tower ever had. I appreciate that there is an unlimited money mode built right in, for those who just want to build big right away. The normal mode that requires resource management is designed well. Seeing that the game was built in Unity makes me hopeful someone will bring back another classic Maxis game, Sim Ant!"
76561198030205744,Recommended,423580,35457901,Posted: 3 October,all,Ible,Quick review...Still needs a little work.. its good game.
76561198013779551,Recommended,423580,35458904,Posted: 3 October,all,vincenco,"This is a great game for the money.  I’ve been spending days playing it already.  It really seems like once you get the hang of it, you could enjoy it for a really long time.  Build out different ideas and test different scenarios.I like games where I am in control of everything.   This is a good one for that.  It also has some great features as you progress to make the game less tedious, like automating maintenance.  A task that gets old quick.   Contracts are a great way to teach you how to advance in the game.The main issue I have with the game is laying down utilities.  It is extremely tedious.   There has to be a better way to lay utilities.  I wish you could move infrastructure items like wiring closets and electrical units.  Also, a shortcut for Relocate would be great.  I wish there were more shortcuts for this, and in general.  I also would like wider maps, so I can build more of a tower complex.  I have 3 buildings stuck right next to each other now.  The game does allow you to lay utilities across floors in different buildings if they are right next to each other.  I don’t know if this is a bug, but I like the feature.  This allows me to only have a single wiring closet and trash on each floor."
,Recommended,423580,35431140,Posted: 2 October,all,Teknokid,"simple and addictive, like one of those mobile farm game, not as stupid though"
,Recommended,423580,35431004,Posted: 2 October,all,airforceWolf,"Fantastic, theraputic game. It takes a little while to get used to things and to get your building looking smooth and attractive.The game loads in split seconds (not even a joke, you'll be surprised) and runs seamlessly.I was a little hesitant at this game to begin to with, but its honestly a fantastic buy, especially when on sale!"
,Recommended,423580,35444623,Posted: 3 October,all,Ssthalar,A nice little game.
76561198021180607,Recommended,423580,25470196,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,staticgrazer,"Love the game, there's a lot of detail in maintaining the tower your building and multiple ways of acieving victory on each play through. There are some smaller bugs, and a few features that Sim Tower had that i'd like to see, elevator queues, disasters, esclators, and a few others.Also, I think that adding non-cosmetic mod support would be amazing. I would love having more that 2x speed for when I'm trying to gather cash.Great game, if you like city managment games you'll enjoy this one. Buy it!Steam 2016 Awards Update:Yep, I chose this one to update for a digital badge. Game is still fun and getting normal updates with bug fixes and content within the game.Still looking for non-cosmetic mods."
,Recommended,423580,25609292,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Valkor,"A very enjoyable and relaxing game. It honors its heritage with solid gameplay and a distinctive art style. If you enjoy simulation games, this is worth trying. If you loved SimTower, then my review won't change your mind :)"
76561198049350749,Recommended,423580,25425438,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Skirlasvoud,"It's a really nice, relaxing interdependency or symbiosis game. I wouldn't compare it too closely to Simtower, as this is far less about traffic and more about the relation between different parts of your tower, but that's okay because soon enough you're swamped enough to be grateful that traffic isn't a factor.What I mean with interdependency is that as your tower grows, you unlock better rooms, but those rooms have more demands of your tower. A lvl 1 office might only require you to power it and you can start small with a nice stack of them plopped down just about anywhere, with maybe a caffeteria as a bonus. A lvl 2 office wants not only power, but dining restaurants, shops, a quiet area and proximity to an elevator. Those dining restaurants, have a list of demands of their own and before you know it, you're figuring out what the optimal placement of all the parts of the sum are. More than Simtower, your skyscraper feels like an organic whole that is complex, bustling and truly your own with the little touches you made.I don't feel that all the systems lain across this work as well as they could, since things like buzz and influence that unlock things of their own are a bit of a hassle at first, but there's a really solid, likeable game at its core and I'd wholeheartedly reccomend it."
76561198039589054,Recommended,423580,25470875,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Meridian,"This is the game I have been waiting on for decades to get developed!This game is SimTower's spiritual successor, and it is modernized with much more depth.If I did not have a job, I would get lost in this game for weeks."
76561198097557709,Recommended,423580,28147253,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Morthdread,"Two words: ""utterly addictive""!Can't say anymore got to go back to my tower ;)"
,Recommended,423580,25495748,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,xent,"""Project Highrise"" is best compared with the much older game called ""Sim Tower"". For people that are a bit younger of age... This game revolves around managing your tower by building spaces for tenants to move in and cater to there needs. It is the sort of game you find your self installing years from now just for the fun of it.One can argue if releasing a game like this may not appeal to most gamers, after all on first look its graphical and play style seems so simplistic. Most are used to high quality games by now. But in reality a game like this with all its nostalgia can be just what a gamer needs. The game boots up very fast and has a low installment demand and because you always feel the need to play this differently like ""will i focus more on residents or offices"", one can predict a long enjoyment of the game. Not necessarily in one go but like mentioned over time you find your self coming back to this game.One note of warning is needed, Project Highrise might not be a game for you if you suffer from OCD because later structures you build wont all ways fit with what you planned out, and you often end up with empty spaces."
,Recommended,423580,25448652,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,PaplooTheLearned,"Pros:- SimCity for an office tower (or SimTower, for those that already know).- Addictave: Time flies when you're having fun.- Can be as in depth of an optimization puzzle as you want it to be (I like puzzling over optimal layouts taking into account growth characteristics, but also like being able to ignore that sometimes too).Cons:- Lacks the imagination component that the old Maxis games had; everything is realistically drab, and there is no elements of grandeur, and no silliness to be had, which kills some of the personal engagement you could have with the game (and with all those individually simulated peoples).- I know this isn't SimTower, but I do wish there was some more challenging componentry to elevator management. Everyone whose worked in a high rise knows how much of your personal opinion of the building is tied to the efficiency of hte elevators!- I seem to be hampered in building only single level floors on top of existing single level floors, which reduces the potential for interesting architectures; for example, I'd love to have multiple towers with various skybridges between them, or even two towers that come together in an archway, which would go a ways towards the grandeur criteria.Summary:Given the size of the dev team, this is a VERY solid first release that I expect to spend many hours playing. That being said, I do look forward to some DLC in the future to add more interesting elevators and maybe some imaginitive spark.In the end, my recommendation is that if you, like myself, enjoyed the old SimCities, SimTower, and Big Pharma, then this game will be fore you; but this game won't be for everyone."
,Recommended,423580,25545402,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Caedus616,"This is a brilliant creative management game. Although the art style is simplistic the gameplay is fantastic. Everything you do requires thought and planning to make sure the whole tower doesn't end up collapsing due to lack of services, trash not being collected, bad wiring etc.If you like games like Theme Hospital and Prison Architect, this is definitely worth a look at."
76561198007009305,Recommended,423580,25540157,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,AuzzieDevil,Great game. Hopefully with some good expansions will be even better.
76561198004167126,Recommended,423580,30322872,Posted: 4 March,all,TheCardGame,"Great Game, like it even better then I liked SimTower."
76561198035183997,Recommended,423580,30476471,Posted: 12 March,all,eagleknight,Project highrise is an excellent evolution to sim tower. I am looking forward to the las vegas dlc!
,Recommended,423580,25419828,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Techno,"After binge playing for around 6 hours on release, I can say that there isn't much replayability. You'd have at most four playthroughs, one for making a pure residential, office or commercial tower and then one for a mixed tower.There isn't much depth to the game and it gets repetitive fast. Once you get out of the early game and have an established cash flow, the game becomes about waiting for the next day so you get more money to expand so that you can earn even more money the next day. (Also utility lines are frustratingly slow to place for some reason)While there is some variation in tenant needs (eg some shops say they don't want to be next to a restaurant), there are little to no consequences to ignoring these.Do I recommend this game? Yes, for $20, I feel like I will get my money's worth from this game. The inclusion of mod support may well be the saving grace for this game."
,Recommended,423580,25776452,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Nahiz,SO much fun for me
76561198048766142,Recommended,423580,25838186,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Haydenw37,"Personally, I think Project Highrise is a wonderful tribute to SimTower. While not seemingly as techinically complex as SimTower, there is still a reasonable amount of planning and challenge involved with regards to placement of key facilities.I have found the major sticking point is your basement which houses all of the services that attend to your tower to be where I find myself stuggling for space most (have yet to find myself close to the height caps) BUT must also add that with proper planning this can be less of an issue (i.e. don't build an adundance of expensive luxury lots... they need far more services).While I can see that there is not much going for the end-game part of the game, where you don't have a lot more to achieve for your tower once you've unlocked and built the top-tier buildings, this tends to be the way for simulation games. Without something else to unlock or being restricted by room, you won't find much else worthy to pursue except perhaps trying to make your services and space use more effecient.However, after completing 3 separate towers in the 'endless'  mode I am enjoying the challenges of the 'scenarios' which restrict various aspects of the game that are available to you (just completed the apartments only challenge, which gave me a better understanding of how to plan for these buildings and not rely almost entirely on offices)All in all, if you loved SimTower, I believe you can get some very satisfying hours out of this title and is well worth the price tag."
,Recommended,423580,32664175,Posted: 22 June,all,theorangeangle,"I would give Project Highrise a 8/10. Im ~5 hours in as of writing this review and while I love the game, I can understand what some people are saying about it being boring. Like any simulator, sometimes you have to mess around with the starting settings to make it more fun for you. And the Las Vegas DLC adds what feels like a missing ""third' of the game: hotels. With hotels it adds so much more to the game, and it greatly extends the playtime you will get out of one world. If you're on the fence, just buy it and set a timer for 1 3/4 hours. if you don't like it by the time the timer goes off, refund it. Otherwise, explore what the game has to offer and enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,423580,25411641,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,mavvytan,"Project Highrise has the potential to be the next BIG SIM Tower. You can't really speed building in this SIM but requires careful planning running efficient utilities and taking care of surroundings factors. If not, the tenants will shift out and you would hit negative balance. Certain businesses and apartments requires variety of shops before deciding to move in. Some strategy thoughts required."
,Not Recommended,423580,31987170,Posted: 26 May,all,Omegamerc,"Was hoping this was more in the idea of Sim Tower-esq, this was more in the version of New Sim City, once you figured out the basic pattern it was just a matter of sitting through it.  The graphis are big and wonky, I particularly didnt care much for them as they dont have life and feel a bit robotic"
,Recommended,423580,31159916,Posted: 15 April,all,SketchNI,I really like this game. It's fun to chill out and play and its not hard to learn.My only nags with it are:- The UI could a little better organized- Hiring building staff could be easier
76561198325991682,Recommended,423580,25843689,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,lped127,I love this game so much I hope the person who made this adds holiday decorasions for halloween etc. and signs that show the name of your building
,Recommended,423580,25847263,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,protoborg,A really cool tower building game.  It lives up to the hype.
,Recommended,423580,25509474,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,EchseKuhTor,Interesting game
,Recommended,423580,25503964,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Everyone I Heal Dies,"I pre-order this game and am genuinely happy with the game I bought.This game has happily meet my need for another building game, and the devepolors are constantly posting in the forums and updating the game.Have I gone into the forums and posted into the topic for ""Updates and improvments""? Yes, and in that forum are the developers acknowledging us and asking questions.The other reviews that are knocking the game for not being ""Sim Towers"" need to listen to their own words. ""This is not Sims Towers, you are correct, this is Project Highrise! A game that I look forward to continue to play and enjoy!"
76561198187484095,Recommended,423580,25557951,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,pgitty,"SimTower players will find this game ridiculously easy. The first time I started the game I went straight to building a new tower. Five hours later, I had a big box 80 story tower, taking all available space, with every type of room installed. Money was pouring in and I never even touched the 'buzz points'.So, why recomend? Because it held me for those five hours. Making sure no floor had any wasted space, rasing the rents on old, cheap tenants to make them leave so I can bring in larger, higher paying tenants.And when I maxed out this tower, I started another one right away. This new one, I decided, would have an art deco silhouette. Now I'm 26 hours and three towers in.So, while I hope the addition of traffic managment makes it into the game at a later state, I would still call this a complete modern-day tower builder. With enough content and micro-management to keep things interesting."
,Recommended,423580,25503715,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Turquoise_Falcon,An awesome successor to Sim Tower
,Not Recommended,423580,32678704,Posted: 23 June,all,JaY,Main game lacks content and they add dlcs wich is disappointing.Do not buy this game if you want a SimTower game.
76561198044073402,Not Recommended,423580,32950782,Posted: 28 June,all,iMad,"Game is way too slow to my liking even at max speed, especially when you're done building stuff and just want to get the rental income or pay off the instalment loans. It's essentially a tile/block stacking income/expense balancing act, which is pretty dull for a management game. I regret not refunding it sooner."
76561198175967894,Recommended,423580,32030607,Posted: 28 May,all,cbockstadter,"Project Highrise is one of the best games I've every played, and I would recommend it to anyone looking to buy it any day. It has plenty of content and hours of play. Personally, I think this game is special, love the graphics and is a wonderful building/management game. Definitely worth the money!"
76561197997319612,Recommended,423580,35139495,Posted: 22 September,all,Appranax,A game to play whever i am drunk:) I am mostly a paradox game player. In order to not destroy my progress in paradox games it is a great alternative. By the way i am not joking i love this game. I respect:)
,Recommended,423580,34319241,Posted: 17 August,all,Mike Death,"I picked this up looking to relive the some good memories playing Sim Tower.  This isn't the same game, but it a fun spin on the same idea.  Expect a long sessions building up your tower and figuring out what you're into, then scrapping everything so you can start over and do it right once you figure out all the ins and outs.   Once you get your fill from a few sessions you'll likely be done with it for a while (it was after 10 hours for me), but I see myself taking another stab at it somewhere in the future. 7/10 recommended price: $15"
76561197971171818,Not Recommended,423580,31168868,Posted: 15 April,all,Toowizard,"I was pulled in by the ""what sim tower should have been"" tagline but i'm underwhelmed.  This is more detailed than sim tower in some ways -- need to run services like electrical/phone/water/gas -- but in other ways like housekeeping it's less detailed.  It seems like it is a good start, but i'd consider this a somewhat unfinished good game or a completed mediocre game.  Sim Tower had a lot more information on which services were overtaxed (like housekeeping, elevators) while this game has more information on power and cable, but little information on trash services until it's days late.  The mechanic of letting you build units that don't have necessary services and then having them move out hours later is a little frustrating.  The game needs an indication of what's missing when you go to rent out the unit.   Overall, i'm a bit negative since it seems like the devs believe they're done.  Endgame is also a little unbalanced.  In the early game, you're watching your daily income vs. expenses and budgeting to be able to build that next apartment in 2 days.  Endgame you're making money hand over fist and it hardly matters anymore.  It's like cheat codes -- if it's too easy it's boring.  If you're encouraging the comparison to sim tower, you need both the elevator mechanics as well as hotel rooms, which are soreley lacking.  Also there is a limited amount of extra room types, like the bowling alleys, ball rooms, etc that sim tower had.  Overall, i'd rather play Sim Tower."
,Not Recommended,423580,31143001,Posted: 14 April,all,GamingRenegade,"As soon as you start to get a pretty big tower, the micromanagement starts to get anoying. Sudden economical changes makes the tenants want a lowering on rent...but you dont get a warning for this only a tiny sad face on the room."
,Recommended,423580,35067829,Posted: 19 September,all,Midnight Moon™,"Project highrise is a wonderful game that you can experiance, you can build a multipurpose building with lots of shops to apartments and to offices if you have the DLC its awsome to make hotels or shopping mallsi give this a 10/10 becuase i used to play managment games like RCT or ZT (rollercoaster tycoon and zoo tycoon)this really brings me back to my childhood ^^ and i like to thank you (the dev team) for bringing the child in me again.(some pple speack that this game was not like sim tower i didint play sim tower and i bet this is nothing like it tbh)"
,Recommended,423580,32395218,Posted: 13 June,all,travis.nope,"Heres to all of those who say there isn't enough content in the base game of Project Highrise: I agree, to an extend. It would help to have more content but the original game is very sufficient.You can use so many different designs and tactics to keep money and stay sustainable (strong and stable :)) or you can let loose your imagination and make a resturant complex in the shape of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Or just complain about it until you realise there's a really cheap expansion that add a lot"
76561197970828289,Not Recommended,423580,26075204,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RLJSlick,"I really want to like this game, but too many dumb restrictions in this game. For example, to build a large financial you need stores with more clothes and apparel. Now why on earth would a financial office need anything like in the same building?!?  The game should have been more of a sandbox.  I can’t recommend this game."
76561198025164291,Recommended,423580,29736203,Posted: 5 February,all,Peabo_1,"A real throwback to SimTower, but with some new fresh stuff."
76561198021321149,Recommended,423580,25430093,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,GnomenusR25,Great micromanagement.Support the game! Time for Building some skyscrappers!
,Recommended,423580,25431793,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,noob inc,"Fantastic game!  There are some minor quirks that need to be worked out, but I think it is well worth the price.  If you enjoyed Sim Tower and/or Yoot Tower you should enjoy this."
,Recommended,423580,25425440,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Wicked Mouse,"Project Highrise is the spiritual successor of the highly acclaimed SimTower, designed by Yoot Saito and published by Maxis in 1994. I've played the heck out of that game back in the day. It was so unique to its genre of sim games. So after all these years it's surprising no-one tried making a modern version of it. Until recently!In this game you are given the reigns over designing and managing your very own highrise building, to be filled with offices, apartments, shops and restaurants and all the services need to keep things going smoothly. As you build up the place your will notice that you get to build not only bigger and more profitable offices, shops and apartments, but also more demanding ones! They get ever more pickier about their neighbours' noices and smells and keeping everyone happy and things going smoothly is getting increasingly difficult the further you develop your skyscraper to-be.To unlock the better paying tenants you often have to supply for a wide range of services. From the basics such as electricy, phone lines and water, to laundry services or maintenance crews. It's fairly important to make note of the needs of your new tenants, because eventually it's going to cost you prestige stars if they are unhappy with your provided services or the lack thereof and decide to move out. Because it's the prestige stars that in many cases alows you to unlock new stuff.Where SimTower had some form of traffic management to make sure your visitors and tenants get where they want or need to be quickly enough, in Project Highrise this is a little less of an issue. Also there are no escalators or any events that happen, like special visitor or emergencies. But this can all change in the future. And if you find the aesthetics of the game too dull, you can always design and upload your own, as the game supports the Steam Workshop!So if you like sim games and like the idea of micromanaging your own new Empire State, then this is certainly the game for you!"
,Recommended,423580,25841855,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,dofod,I like this.
76561197998740055,Recommended,423580,25718893,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Spacemania,"This is a good update to one of my old favorite games, Sim Tower. It has a familiar interface and multiple similarities to that game, but with a good visual updates with additional features. It is an enjoyable timesink that can be returned to periodicaly as an ""interm"" game between AAA titles. The fact that it already has a diverse steam workshop collection is an added bonus.Its only downside is that its price does not reflect its gameplay value in my mind, but with that said I do not regret the purchase."
76561198044052444,Recommended,423580,25702928,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,hsdiamond,"I've branched out from major titles on Steam just a few times, with less than stellar results. But I definitely don't regret giving Project Highrise a chance. If you're into tycoon/expansion games, this will definitely fit your interests. It's not exceedingly difficult or overly complex, but the optional goals and the ranking up of unit types keep the game interesting and let's you immerse yourself in the balancing act of constructing a profitable yet balanced building.The main challenge stems from trying to keep all your tenants happy. Some want more restaurants, but most tenants can't bear the smell. The higher the rent and size of the unit, the more elite services they demand, which drives up your daily budget and can get out of hand if you're not supplementing housing with profitable offices and vice-versa. Lastly, it's asthetically pleasing and has a consistent design that unites each of the elements.I definitely recomment this game for anyone looking for a casual tycoon experience, or those who just want to bulild up fun towers and manage populations."
76561197972443152,Recommended,423580,25673703,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jesse,"This is a lot of fun.  The elevators are not as complex as Sim Tower, but I still had a blast with this game."
76561198063448067,Recommended,423580,25411205,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Satinav,"Perfect example of a manage game should be. But for me this game should never be compared to simtower. Simtower was a fun game. This is have much more things to do and its kind of stressful. You need to keep an eye of things that simower didn´t have to. Simtower had a better animation also. Doing my Tower everyone stand still, hardly moving in office, except when they have to go eating, like robots."
76561198006642638,Recommended,423580,25421912,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Commander Greyscale,"Worth every penny for a resuurection of a dead genre alone, It's not just sim Tower, it's it's own thing aswell and thats cool. If only sim ant could have got this treatment."
,Recommended,423580,25609851,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,UncleDrax,"A well thought-out Building management sim/game, easy to play and get the hang of. Build either Commerical, Business, or Residential areas. Build up or build wide, or build however the scenario you picked allows."
,Recommended,423580,25423948,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,AKARI,gamenya bikin addictsampe lupa waktu semoga ada gedung ekstensi yang bisa dibeli biar makin luasawkwkkwkww
76561197970655913,Recommended,423580,25420936,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,jztemple,"Update to original review: I'd like to mention how involved the developer has been on the Steam forum for the game, taking suggestions and responding to bug reports. That's something that a lot of developers wouldn't bother to do.This game does hit a Goldilocks spot for me; it's not too easy or repetitive in the build process that you become bored, or too hard and brittle so that if you make an early mistake your scenario is doomed. In my first scenario ran into an issue where I had built services such that I had a negative cash flow and couldn't take out any more loans; I assumed I was cooked. But by fiddling with rents and adding some tenants I got over the hump and went back to a positive cash flow. It speaks well of the game that it wasn't till the sixth of the seven hours it took me to play it to completion that I had so much money rolling in that I could quit having to carefully monitor my expenses every day."
,Recommended,423580,25437942,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Commissar Draco,Best damn thing since Sim Tower!
,Not Recommended,423580,30065447,Posted: 20 February,all,Mettool,"Having adored Sim Tower and Yoot Tower as a kid, I really wanted to love Project Highrise, which makes an attempt to emulate the formula seen in those games. But unfortunately, this game misses so much of what made those games fun.Project Highrise is just... slow and uninteresting. The towers never really feel ""alive"" as much as they feel like an endless chore watching your tenants on fast forward until you get your nightly income, which more often than not is spent on one of the many resources that need to be micromanaged. Part of the fun of Sim Tower was getting a big payday and building to your hearts' content. But five hours in, almost all of my money was being funneled into daily costs, maitenence for office units which deteriorate at an alarming rate, and building facilities that only exist so that your actual money-making units don't move out.Which, by the way, If a unit is ready to leave, you have an extremely small window of time to fix their problem or your already-slow construction crew will drop what they're doing and clean up after them. Building anything already takes forever, and the many thin layers of micromanagement will slow any progress you're making to a crawl by the time you hit 10 prestige or so. Even on the lowest difficulty settings, getting anything done is a practice in tedium.It's very clear that the game expects you to play a certain way: very slowly. It never feels like I had the freedom to expand the tower at a reasonable pace because of how much of you resources are allocated into maitenence and building costs. And perhaps the hardest part is feeling like you're never actually in control of anything. Sure, you have the freedom of choosing to build an apartment-focused or an office-focused tower. But because of the very linear progression of unit types and the facilities they require, every one of my towers ending up looking and feeling exactly the same. There is also very little variation in what some of the units look like, so if you build 40 small offices, they'll all either be Office A or Office B with different people in them.To its credit, it does improve on some areas of the SimTower formula: The elevator system in Project Highrise, for example, is nowhere near as complex as in other games and while some enjoyed it, I found it mercifully less frustrating.Project Highrise really does try its best, but it's just lacking the magic of what made its predecessors so great. It's slow, it suffocates you for expanding too quickly even on the easiest difficulties, and it's just not fun."
,Recommended,423580,25414095,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Shiro | Gamdom.com,"So far so good, tutorial is detailed which allows you to get a feel of the game pretty fast. Game feels smooth and has no notable performance issues. Another notable fact is the game's varying difficulty levels which cater to both hardcore and casual gamers.All in all, this is an extremely good timewaster and i recomended you to buy this game if you're a fan of SimTower or similar tower management games"
,Recommended,423580,33192583,Posted: 3 July,all,Vic Romano,"I was looking for something like SimTower, and the top review mentioned it was like SimTower, but not. Even though he ended up not recommending it, I've been looking for a game like this. Simple strategy. Playable with only a mouse. Practically AFK playable. I've only played a little bit, but I've thorougly enjoyed the few hours I have in it."
76561198035005114,Recommended,423580,32318081,Posted: 10 June,all,josh.g500,"if you played Sim Tower when you were a kid, then you'll love this game.  If you just simply like general management games, you'll most likely love this game.  I'm amazed how many hours i've put into this game.  It's very addictive and well balanced in terms of giving you a choice as to what type of tower you'd like to build.  Modding comunity is a little weak, but there are some diamonds out there.  all in all, i'd give it an 8/10, definitly worth the $20 price tag.Vegas expansion is priced perfectly.  It adds just enough content to the game to make it worth it."
,Recommended,423580,33018107,Posted: 29 June,all,carbonfibah,"Reminds me of good old Sim Tower..... so yeah, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,423580,32668636,Posted: 22 June,all,Papau,love this game great way to pass time
,Not Recommended,423580,33113689,Posted: 1 July,all,"""CRAZY"" Gaston","I was super mega excited when this game came out, because I wasted a great deal of my life playing Sim Tower and Yoot Tower as a young teenager. I made the rookie mistake of comparing a timeless classic with an indie -- and I hate to say it -- immitator.Sim Tower was basically about building, and building, and building like crazy. It had a real charm to it for being minimalistic but still with fun things to discover all the time, and a really epic ""completion"" condition. In that respect it was much like Sim City 2000, the endgame being the ""exodus"" easter egg after you build a bunch of launch arcos.In any case, this isn't 90's Maxis. There are of course a lot more features and management considerations to make in PH, but to be quite frank, they're just tedious. There are a lot of 'unlockables' that exist purely for aesthetic reasons, which are about as useful as a Steam achievement (except you can at least pick up chicks in bars with Steam acheivements). This is also a question of taste, but I really don't like the ""Mad Men"" aesthetic of the whole thing.Why does Japan get the good Tower games???"
76561198005510116,Recommended,423580,33511709,Posted: 13 July,all,Dr. Claw,Simtower reborn!
,Recommended,423580,25414004,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Huggie86,very good and fun
,Recommended,423580,29883790,Posted: 12 February,all,Ross_Zombie Skinhub.com,10/10 Built Mega Tower. Judge Dredd style.
76561197993546920,Recommended,423580,25413941,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,zymoticspade,"good one, i feel like playing sim tower from way back"
76561198025056924,Not Recommended,423580,28176768,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,bauerbach,"I loved simtower, but this... well its just tedious.  hooking up individual utilities?  Id appreciate some of the complexity if it wasnt so cumbersome to balance.  just building randomly and whoever moves out, well, too bad I guess.maybe Im not putting enough brain cells into this."
,Not Recommended,423580,26125941,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,xylonez♥パンツ,"It doesn't have enough content, and the UI is cumbersome. It involves a lot of clicking and there's no keyboard shortcuts to access the UI. It might be fun for the first few hours you play, but then it gets repetitive real fast. Modding is also quite limited at the moment.With more future contents and mods appearing, it might be worth it, but it's not worth the $20 price tag at the moment."
76561197986835194,Recommended,423580,25430529,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Faymango,Reminds me of sim tower but better.  I am a huge fan of  simulation games and  know i will spend plenty of time playing this.
76561198162505288,Recommended,423580,25875502,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,k.lupanko,Fun!  :)
,Recommended,423580,25411561,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr. Pu,"So far so good, meeting all the expectations that I had"
,Recommended,423580,25435616,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Sgt.Mays,"Having seen this game at PAX West, i ended up buying it and already liking it quite a bit.Really brings back what Sim tower had and makes it look modern, i quite like how it does not take long for cashflow to start rolling in if you do things right also."
,Recommended,423580,25436680,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[PP] Calous,pretty good tower sim
,Recommended,423580,25436175,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thomas Clancy,Good time waster pretty fun
,Recommended,423580,25440753,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,zac50333,"This is pretty swish. A few more game updates and this will be a very soild game.By the way, you can use an i3 with 4GB ram and get 30-60 FPS.(yes i played 13 hrs in the first 2 days of release shhhh)"
,Recommended,423580,25439141,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AKWolf,"If you love simulation games, and especially if you were a fan of Sim Tower, you owe it to yourself to play Project Highrise.It's well designed, sports a really cool art style, and has a ton of depth. I'll be playing this one a ton."
,Recommended,423580,25434300,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JohnnSy,10 of 10This is best game of this type.
76561198103241151,Recommended,423580,31891620,Posted: 21 May,all,Beadwizard,Game is fun and addictive and I recommend to those who love building games. I still miss SimCity Societies and wish they would up date it to play on windows 10.
,Recommended,423580,31924180,Posted: 23 May,all,MineUnturned,"Now to sum up the game I would give it a10/10This game goes in depth so much about tower building, but still has the same fun creative point of any other sandbox game.I have the Las Vegas DLC, which goes more toward hotel and tourism.Now this game goes as far as even haveing services for each type of tenant in your tower, Offices, Homes and Hotel.Mods are a plus to this game and there are tons of them out there for you to try!Art in this game is fantastic, simplistic and just wonderful, even modders try to stick to the style.Music, well i am not a pro music creator but i got to admit it is really good.Well that does it, if you think i should add more to my reviews, tell me, but anyways Project Highrise is an amazing game and i hope it continues to be that way!"
76561197971967825,Recommended,423580,25476366,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DaBoss,"I never played Sim tower so i had no model to compare it with, however as building sims go I enjoyed it,sure it has a couple of things I would like to change( background colours on the utility screen), but thats true of most games. It has a nice learning curve, and your tenants become ever more demanding ie more shops and services,but I still managed to satisfy them and make a profit. I would agree that it could get repetitive and eventually you become well aware of the challenges ahead, but the same holds true for most Sims, the challenge comes from doing it better next time. For the price you could do a lot worse if you have any interest in biz and building sims this is well worth trying."
76561197982313626,Recommended,423580,28777496,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jack Frost,"This game is amazing! It takes the old Sim Tower game and gives a new spin with great challenges and wonderful gameplay. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes to play tower building games with the aspect of buidling a city, because that is what you are doing, building a vertical city."
,Recommended,423580,31157708,Posted: 15 April,all,G.C.,这游戏实在是棒，简直是细化的天际线。唯一不好的就是字体太小了，希望能更改一下。This is a great game. It looks like a detailed SkyLine. The only disadvantage is the text in this game is too small that I am hard to see the words clearly. Hope the next update would improve this.P.S. IT WILL BE MORE PEOPLE PLAYING THIS GAME IF IT HAS CHINESE.
,Recommended,423580,28167860,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shewshake,"While this game isn't and updated and enhaced SImTower, it does copy the basic buil and then add all it's little flavors to it. This is definetly the game to take SimTower's place just as city skylines did simcity. Extremely addicting management that will take a second to get used to their mechanics but once you do it's off to the skyline for you."
76561198119717174,Recommended,423580,29757096,Posted: 7 February,all,Sickofwork,Sim Tower without the elevator nightmares.
76561198067296800,Recommended,423580,33400546,Posted: 9 July,all,TheApologist,I want to leave a positive review to counter the negative ones that seem to be written by people expecting a different game. It is what it is & what it is is awesome.
,Recommended,423580,25478888,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,noktulo,"Really fun, more in-depth than SimTower/Yoot Tower, but easy to get into."
,Recommended,423580,28066868,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bloody100,"Project Highrise is, so far, the only successor of the classic SimTower (and Yoot Tower).While it is not perfect, it has an interesting take on the tower building genre. Some features of SimTower were replaced, which is good in most cases. The major downside is the reduction of complexity (especially the much simpler transportation system), which is only partly replaced by the several scenarios.On the other side, many new features were added, and the developer is very involved in the community and has already put out a major patch to address player concerns.All in all, if you likes SimTower, Project Highrise will make you happy as well!"
76561198065647499,Recommended,423580,31152592,Posted: 15 April,all,Gambi,"If you remember Sim Tower you basically know what to expect. It is pretty much the same.There are so many things todo that you easily get lost in it and forget the time.I do agree that the demand for most of the support buildings are kind of hard to grasp and you usually suddenly find yourselfe in an extreme shortage of one or two of them without any space open for a new one. Especially trash collection rooms are a pain. Also some of the demands for certain type of office or flats are badly explained. What is concidered a ""wide variety of"" ... apparently about two but what do I know.Still... this is fun and a great time dumb"
,Recommended,423580,35355449,Posted: 30 September,all,falkathemage,"So, I was a 90s kid. Sim Ant, Sim City, Sim Farm, and of course, Sim Tower. These were my passion, and my start into simulation games. When I saw Project Highrise, I instantly thought of Sim Tower, and how much I loved it. I figured it was just a knock off, but it ended up having a lot more features and ""quests"" that added another element of gameplay. I've put 8 hours into it since buying it yesterday, and definetely enjoy it and recommend it for anyone who likes simulation and management games. Cheers!"
,Recommended,423580,26349051,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BlackSkyAbidingZ,This game got me 8 hours straightsuch an addicting game .....
,Recommended,423580,26236034,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Telttavaras,"The freelance play is fun and the scenarios are engaging, so on the whole this was a new favorite game for me. There are some small problems with the tempo of the game where speeding up the game progress more would be ideal, and some of the management tools could be more innotative but on the whole this is a very good game for those of us, who thrive on strategy and micromanaging. The game is also suprisingly addictive. For the players who like games like the old school SimCity, I'd warmly recommed trying this."
76561197964478612,Not Recommended,423580,31141615,Posted: 14 April,all,bjclang,"As a simtower lover it's sad to see this concept executed so poorly. This game is so stale, dull. I don't understand how the elevator management is almost non excistent. Really, poor execution! So sad!"
76561198156170696,Recommended,423580,30864773,Posted: 31 March,all,Severno,"This game is for people who love to design things and like games where you manage companys and deal with money. You can build really cool stuff in this game, like offices, apartments, resturants, and more, but I am not into managing stuff like that. The game is good and I recommend it to you if you like to build buildings and the other stuff I said you can do.I don't really like having to manage a lot of stuff so I didn't really like the game. You should see information about the game before you buy it."
76561198025475672,Not Recommended,423580,31138616,Posted: 14 April,all,Robbo425,"Lacking a core - it feels superficial or shallow when it comes to the objective of the game. Once the mechanics were figured out, it left me wondering why I was playing. I remember reading a review, which subsequently rang true for me, on this game - in which was mentioned the 90s construction and management classic SimTower. It mentioned how, in SimTower, an emphasis was put on lift/elevator magement. That was to say, that one was tasked (among other things) with the micromanagement of lifts - optimising the traffic flow of people that wanted to go from Stops 'A', 'B', 'C' & 'D' etc. to the stops 'W', 'X', 'Y' & 'Z' respectively and so on. Logistics in this sense were key to the game, and a lot of fun to manage. Project Highrise has no such complexity. It is indeed a pretty game with extras (compared to SimTower) which add scope - but not depth - such as utilities, and the corresponding piping, and support servives for offices and apartments, but once these have been built there is no management of them to be performed - they just 'there'. Overall then, the main problem with this game is the deficiency in the management component - which is essential for such games."
76561198007336920,Recommended,423580,25413239,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Wolffire,Well it's nice to see the old building and management games are getting a comeback. I miss them alot they not really been around since the 2000's. I wish and hope there be more of this type of games in the future along with RTS games that go back to the older roots.But over all I love the game. Never got to play Simtower back in the day. But now I finally got a way to play something around that way.
,Not Recommended,423580,25420061,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Liquid Electron,"If you've played any sort of city builder, you'll find this is way too easy for you.If you haven't, it might be a good game to get your builder strategy skills up a bit.It's a cute game, it's got issues, though.  The game is called 'Project Highrise', keyword Highrise, yet your building is limited to 50 above-ground floors.  It has a fairly good size build-area, yet you are limited to using a bit more than half of it.  Imagine my surprise as I was building along and the game let me know I could use no more tiles.  Well, great?Basically, it's too easy, it's highly limited, and it's not worth $20.  Prison Architect is probably what most people are looking for in this sort of game.Can't recommend it.  Sorry.Quick Edit: I see there's an achievment for building a 100-story building.  Is this even possible?  I honestly confess I haven't checked to see how deep the basement area can go, if 50 below ground and 50 above ground counts as 100, that's kind of sad."
,Recommended,423580,26000084,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,petskuletsku,Its worth the price.
,Not Recommended,423580,29328991,Posted: 17 January,all,Darknuke,"I'm not really a fan of aesthetics driven strategy games when those aesthetics barely differ. Games like Rollercoaster Tycoon are fun because making a theme park is interesting to look at and the mechanics are far more rewarding. Plus, you can design your own coasters.This game is a very complex and deep game, granted, but lacks so little motivational tools to keep anyone but stat crunchers going that I just couldn't get into it. When my upgrade was ""smaller boring looking room"" to ""bigger boring looking room"" I hit the refund button. Sorry. I actually was a big fan of Sim Tower back in the day, but that design document has not aged well."
76561198040965040,Not Recommended,423580,32431244,Posted: 15 June,all,Pappageorgio,"他のレビューにも書かれているとおり、このゲームには「ザ・タワー」のような「ビルが高くなるにつれ、エレベーターを増設しなければならない面白さ」が無く、そのかわり電話線やケーブルテレビなどの「インフラ整備」に重点が置かれている。こういうのが好きな人には良いゲームだろうけど、自分には合わなかった。as many other japanese guys says, compared to the japanese game back in 90s called ''the tower'', for PS1. in Project Highrise, there is no excitement of being obliged to add more elevators as the building gets taller. and insted of that, there are too many facilities and life lines such as electricity, a phone line, and even a cable tv line to install by your self.I totally respect other players who like this game. but for me, I wanted something more interesting goal, or a reason of playing it. I want to be more challenged with questions of ''capacity'' ''efficiency''and '' dealing with rush hour''."
,Recommended,423580,28557558,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Evil Panda,"Been looking for something like Sim Tower? This is it! Litterally, this is the only game like Sim Tower out there."
,Not Recommended,423580,25597979,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Iamus,"This game has a long way to go. I don't feel that there is very good feed back with anything. What does it mean I need more [what ever shop here]. Why does a print shop cost me money? Why can't I just charge for the service to break even? Why are some things like Trash in the build menu? Why is the store room in the build menu? The speed at which people leave is mind boggling. I solve their issue, and they've already left. Why do you have to micromange repairing units? Why do they wear out so darn quick?I am not impressed with where the game is currently at."
,Not Recommended,423580,28231895,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,x3ll0s,"This game was a lot of fun at first. You can get really into it, designing your own tower. The gameplay is challenging, what I would call ""classic"": limited information about the aura of buildings, you have to learn things the hard way.However, 20 hours into it and after several tower playthroughs with every building there is nothing left to do."
,Recommended,423580,28436775,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BinaryEX4,"Great game, bought it on a whim just to try, expected to refund it as it looked kinda meh, HOWEVER, how wrong was i, this game is very moorish and very polished.  At this point i have only played 4.5hrs, but thats 4.5 hours straight in one sitting and i had to force myself to save and close the game down, its one of those games that gets you thinking, hmm ill just do this before i end the session, oh no, ill do this aswell and i need to do this and this, and before you know it you have lost 4 hours of your life.Great game to keep you coming back for more, very addictive."
76561198063878961,Recommended,423580,31139293,Posted: 14 April,all,ExactChaos,"After quite a few hours of Project Highrise Las Vegas in the 24 hours since the DLC has been released I have put together my 'opinionated facts' about the game and the expansion.For the full video review:https://youtu.be/wj0HErcZ4M8For gameplay video:https://youtu.be/wBb8VAdw9CA..and the verdict is. I highly recommend this game.It has tonnes of depth, and the expansion has added much much more depth. Multiple development streams (apartments, offices, hotels, events and all of their service demands and issues) leads to very little or no repetition.The level of detail in the simulation is great, you can follow the guests, workers or entertainers around and see in their thoughts how your choices are affecting them. You can also see how each tenant is responding to its location, neighbours and foot traffic. Lots to micromanage if you want.The game is light on stats, and I don't think it gives you the info you need (at least not in an easy and understandable way) to really optimise the way your building works. How many elevators are enough, how many housekeepers do I need, etc. These questions largely goes unanswered and requires lots of inefficient trial and error before you get it right (if ever).The games presents some great challenges to keep you busy for hours. The various development streams and their intricacies, the co-location of amenities, services and tenants is a challenge. The requirement to go back and fix problems you create through expansion keeps you busy and thinking. The space planning element is great fun and a constant challenge with all the facilities and spaces at different sizes you are constantly trying to build the puzzle a little better than you did before. And finally as with most management games there is the challenge to balance the budget, with so many services to provide it is a fine line between over providing and running out of money, and under providing and not growing.The game provides a lot of freedom, both in selecting your goal for the game and how you achieve it. Do you want a super tall building, do you want to make a lot of money, do you want to create a prestigious hotel or a venue that features famous popstars, the options go on and on. The contracts system is also great if you need a bit of inspiration.All these aspects make it very replayable and you should be prepared to lose a few days or even weeks of your life on figuring out how to build the perfect tower!Apart from the lack of statistical information, a small criticism that I have is that the renovation mechanic is unrealistic and a bit frustrating (no building renovates the same places every second day or even year), I am sure it serves to balance the game but there are better ways this can be done. These are only a minor negative points and will in no way stop me from playing the game."
76561197993997665,Not Recommended,423580,25481372,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,duffy,"This game is fun. for 10 minutes. full of bugs. In one of my restaurant, the waiter itself is complaining, there is no spot to eat dinner. damn, then what a heck can do in a restaurant? but the guest in thet place were happy to have a nice dinner. so what now? I was build some supporting structures, such as office suppliers, copy center, but still has no office yet. but they are allready complaining, that they are so busy, can't handle the orders, so build some more from the same type of room. what? The max amount of builders is 4. that is all. You cannot control them, what to build first. if you made a hughe corridor, but then you want to have an office somewhere else, then only the god's now when they start to make the office spot, maybe they finish the rest of the corridor first. because you are not able to set priorities! one of the tenant want to move out, because the place what he is renting worn out. I set up the automatic renovation, but my maintenance employees just having fun in their office, and giving a f*ck to move their as*.... the sim tower was way to better then this. sorry guys, but thumbs down on this."
76561197998622318,Not Recommended,423580,33255664,Posted: 4 July,all,Emperor Pigmetheus Porklyn,I like games like this but this one is not scratching the itch.Just uninteresting.
,Not Recommended,423580,33463766,Posted: 11 July,all,Hedam,"Generally it doesn't matter whether you put a legal office, an apartment or something third, which makes the game really purposeless. I hoped that there would be more focus on the individual unit in the building, than focus on the building as a whole. Examples could be tenants destroying the unit, forgetting to pay, emergencies and such. Instead this game is about meeting quotas and making services available. You can't even argue with your tenants about these services or make compromise. They just require them. If you do not do what they want, they'll leave."
,Recommended,423580,28002656,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zero,"It's Sim Tower, but a little more modern and simpler.  There are no massive networks of elevators to manage anymore (and yes, I'm aware that was integral to SimTower but I personally found it endlessly annoying).  Instead you have to manage the likes and needs of your tenants.  Things as simple as needing power or water (Oh how I wish there was a faster way to lay lines) to needing specific locations to increase traffic or decrease smells.  Even the individual economies of tenants can factor into their enjoyment.This is definitely a sort of hands-off game.  You set it up and just let it run like a well oiled machine.  It's soothing and there's a sense of accomplishment from having a well run tower."
76561198042032227,Recommended,423580,25522058,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,au8633,BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,423580,31269571,Posted: 20 April,all,不装B无法游戏,"i need chinese, though the english language is not too hard for me. Chinese may give us a deep understand of this game."
76561197970486639,Recommended,423580,25419296,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CipherPants,"One of the first games that I remember falling in love with, Sim Tower, has finally received the noble sequel it deserved. The game is part simulation, micromanagement, and ant-farm simulator. Whereas, each person in your tower has a personality and needs that must be met. Tenants will complain about various things with the building and meeting their expectations becomes quit challenging. While the simplistic art-style may be a turn-off for some, it opens the doors for a blooming mod-community. Thanks a bunch for developing this project-- I'm looking forward to playing it much more!"
,Recommended,423580,25555850,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,[DD] Inegale,Awesome games which brings back allot of memories of SIM tower.
76561198183246095,Recommended,423580,31146655,Posted: 14 April,all,Mattsashl,Built up my Tower and Casino until I became Howard Hughs and found myself alone in a dark room with Klenex boxes on my feet and pee in bottles in the corner... Suden earge to build a plane out of spruce and then the skyscraper started to just build itself! 8/10 Would become Howard Hughs again...
,Recommended,423580,25706474,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,SwishyRebooted,Ever wanted to know what it feels like to be Donald Trump and create obnoxiously disgusting towers whilst sucking the essence out of everyone who enters the building. Well this is it. THIS IS THE GAME. You can get rich quick and bankrupt yourself and everyone around you in the same day. Ontop of that discover what it feels like to ram as many people into the tiniest spaces known to man.
,Recommended,423580,25652814,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,"This is a great game, but it should not have been released yet. They have fixed a lot of the annoying bugs, but this game really needs more content to make it worth $20. The groundwork is layed and now it is up to the developers to make this into something modern and innovative.If you were a hardcore fan of Sim Tower/Yoot Tower, this is a must-buy. Otherwise, just wait for a sale and/or more content patches from the developer."
76561197972849694,Recommended,423580,25702747,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Icron,"This game is fun, but still leaves a bit to be desired. Over all 80/100Pros: Fun, good amount of progress can be made, various scenarios are entertaining.Cons: It feels like parts of the game are missing. I know it's trying to be different from Sim Tower, but I feel as though a good deal of customization hasn't been built out."
76561198178200434,Recommended,423580,25865853,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,鮑勃羅斯,project highrise is a game where you try to build a tower.If u conserve money and not build it might be boaring. It is a good game but sometimes you might get board.(sorry about spelling)
76561198116882999,Recommended,423580,31373698,Posted: 26 April,all,✪ Lykanforlife cs.money,Just buy it. THE BEST BUILDING GAME I HAVE PLAYED. ALSO WORKS WITH MAC VERY NICELY
,Recommended,423580,28909922,Posted: 1 January,all,Horst Seehofer,"- absolute timesink- easy to get into, but challenging scenarios"
76561198305156624,Recommended,423580,25911846,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,OrheoMonster,fun
76561198025052370,Recommended,423580,27984115,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,venomlash,"If you're like me, you spent a significant chunk of your childhood playing SimTower, a fun little game made by Maxis (the patron saint of simulation games until it was bought and ruined by EA). If this is the case, you'll certainly enjoy Project Highrise; it's not incredibly challenging from a financial-management point of view (your tower mostly runs itself if planned well) but it's an engaging little study in optimizing your use of space and planning your construction out ahead.8/10, map size is kinda restrictive but mod support is good."
,Recommended,423580,33626639,Posted: 18 July,all,marcpatricktuazon9632,Great game!
,Recommended,423580,25984462,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,LordYabo,"I had fun building my tower for about 6 hours.  Then i ran out of interesting decisions to make.  So i decided to build all the way to the 80th floor and put in some head offices.  That to me was a win condition.  Once I did that there was nothing left to do.The build ""up"" is fun while it lasts, but like many medicore sim games there is nothing left to do once you've seen everything.SimCity has longevity because you can't do everything you want, it is always trade offs between this and that.  And then when a university or stadium comes up it requires tons of tearing down the old, putting in the new, and repairing the damage.  There are also new problems to solve as you get into late game: sure taxes aren't an issue, but traffic or healthcare now is.Once you solve the immediate needs in Project highrise of janitorial service, or piping in gas, it's solved.  Nothing more to do."
,Recommended,423580,25440270,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The_Osiris,"This game has so much potential, but is not quite SimTower levels of fun... yet.All the elements are there, it has a lot of stuff to build, and many support systems to deploy. It just needs a few tweeks and improvements to the gameplay mechanics (to make them more engaging) to make this game fantastic. It needs more managing of chokepoint type stuff (elevators etc.), and it needs dynamic events.Hopefully the devs keep working on it, and the modding community steps up too.I do recomment if you like this type of game."
76561198200565328,Recommended,423580,33398567,Posted: 9 July,all,stuballs89,"I've only put in 25 hours so far but I would have to say that this game is definitely worth a purchase. If you enjoy games like Prison Architect or RimWorld then you will definitely enjoy this. With the addition of the DLC as well it brings whole new challenges. If you have played this game already and want to try something slightly harder then try opening a building that specialises in one market e.g. Housing only or Offices only, or my favourite Hotel only. If you get bored of all that they have about 20 senarios for you to play through. I would recommend this game and give it an 8/10."
76561198048639088,Recommended,423580,35216795,Posted: 25 September,all,Hayzelle,Super enjoyable game and all the DLC worth the price. A well-balanced game with an intuitive UI.
,Recommended,423580,35408647,Posted: 2 October,all,ﺭﻓﻥ,"This game allows u to build with Steel Beams but i already finished my Buliding, no launch button for Planes to crash with it, (you can see planes in Loading screen tho..) HAHA JK!i raet this gaem 9.11/01, so much fun"
,Recommended,423580,34530531,Posted: 27 August,all,Radipon,"Anyone who enjoyed SimTower (or Yoot Tower) will find ample distraction here, provided you pick up all the DLC to fill in the base game's lack of variety."
,Recommended,423580,25418464,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,VietZACH1423,"Project Highrise has been one of the best management style games in a long while.I play alot of tycoon and management based games, there are some really good ones like Game Dev Tycoon and there are some games that aren't as good as they should be.Project Highrise has set itself an excellent standard and I think all the hype around the game has been really worth it.Project Highrise is a game where you be able to do a lot of things and never get bored with it. I've played almost 4 Hours of the game and it has been an absolute blast. Never got bored of it, I just kept going.SomaSim, you've done a great job!"
,Recommended,423580,25413106,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Klesh,"Great for Sim Tower Fans!Great tutorials and straight to the point.But it's just a spam build and meet requirements for each floor.It might get repetitive after some point, or I missed something.I think it's a bit overpriced right now, but if you liked Sim Tower buy it or wait for a steam sale.I still recommend this game."
,Recommended,423580,25415347,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,zoinks!,"I honestly really enjoy this game! Great fun, addictive, very good time killer."
76561198068858211,Recommended,423580,25432385,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Trump,Amazing game!
,Recommended,423580,25415224,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Bringles WillSmith,PROJECT HIGHRISE GOTY PLEASE BUY IT
,Recommended,423580,25472113,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jed,"If you enjoyed SimTower, pick this game up it is like SimTower but well in 2016 and a little more micro manager, but I think it improved the game play, keeps you on your feet in stead of just click and build rooms.It took me around 7 hours to build my first successful Tower with 120 Floors, after three bad attempts. The game is good at showing you what your doing wrong so you can correct yourself, but some times you dug the hole too deep already."
,Recommended,423580,25472626,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,fordflaresides,"In ways the systems and various types of units are actually more complex than SimTower. But, at least on the lower difficulty it isn't as hard as SimTower (I haven't played max difficulty yet.).  But I think this may actually be a good thing for beginning players. I remember getting so frustrated with SimTower that I gave up as a kid, it wasn't until I was older that I figured it out. With this game, just do the tutorials and your are ready to succeed on the lower difficulties (at least as far as I've gone in 4-5 hours of gameplay). This is a great introductory management game and worth it's full $19.99 price. If you see this on sale for like $5, don't even think twice about buying it unless you hate management games."
,Recommended,423580,25465622,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineProject Highrise is a game developed by SomaSim and published by Kasedo Games. The game is heavily inspired on an old Maxis game known as SimTower and yes even a bit of TinyTower, however, unlike TinyTower, that game is a free to play mobile game with ridiculous wait times, in-app purchases and microtransactions, unlike Project Highrise, TinyTower I got bored of in a couple of minutesSo, this game is more or less inspired by SimTower. SimTower was a game in the Maxis 'Sim' series (SimFarm, SimHealth, SimTown and even SimCity) which I absolutely adored and cherised until I discovered SimCity 3000 and later on The Sims in my early childhoodIn SimTower, you could run your own tower basically. In which you build a tower housing offices, restaurants and cafes and residences. In Project Highrise you do more or less the same, only with updated graphics and some nice music to fit the gameProject Highrise lets you make your own tower and make it one of the best. You have the choice of either playing in a 'sandbox' mode in which you can build the tower of your dreams with the amount of funds provided or play the scenarios offered to you. Honestly, I just played the tutorial then went on to play the sandbox mode and completely ignored the scenariosOriginally, I pre-ordered this game a few days after it came out so I also have the pre-order bonus content that was being offered. Please note, I still do not agree on pre-orders and pre-order bonuses but I had already seen and read reviews (such as Lazy Game Review's review) and I was such a big fan of Maxis' SimTower that a few days before release date (like two days before) I bought it and was eligible for the pre-order bonus contentThe game's graphics are pleasing and very nicely detailed. The music and city sound effects are realistic and made me feel as if I was really in busy New York or London or any other place that is crowded with unpleasing people, huge towers and bucket loads of trafficProject Highrise also offers mod support which I cannot wait to see what mods can make this game bigger and better than ever before. The only complaint I have thus far in the game is that whenever either your residents or office workers complain a big red angry face appears on the office and/or apartment block and when I click to see what the complaint is all about, all it says is, the tenants are thinking of moving outFair enough, but if the game told me what was the problem such as loud noises caused by other tenants or traffic then I could find out a way to solve that problem but as it is right now, the game doesn't tell you anything. Also, the game offers you the ability to add services such as a courier service, printing service and so on, however, some tenants may not require it at the present timeHowever, in order for you to check if the tenants want the service after a while, you have to click on a button then scroll to the service you were looking for. I just wish they could add a notice saying that the tenants want this service or that service instead of always clicking on a button, then scrolling down to find the desired serviceThese are just little things in a very good and enjoyable game. Project Highrise is a fun game to play, if you love simulation/strategy games or were a big fan of the SimTower game, then Project Highrise is the game for you!RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,423580,25466297,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Marco Mouse,"This game is so awesome. If you are a fan of Sim Tower, you will love this game! I'm already put tones of hours into it and still havent made it past 6 prestige because of the challenge. I hope that they expand on the game farther not that it needs it but because I'm in love. How erver I wish there was more to the people within your tower like stats or personality, just something you can do to spend time while the builders are building.I also like the fact that you put in the lines in the building water, electric, gas, phone and cable. a very nice touch. The noise, smell and elevation needs are also very nice and takes carful planning. I do like the difficulty of having to balance all your resorces and money so you cant build so quickly otherwise you will be in big trouble I had to restart many times because of this making fir a nice challenge!Is the game worth it? Yes ever penny! What a very nice sim. I give it 5 stars!"
76561198056612508,Recommended,423580,25428724,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,s.pranav1998,Great Game i love simulation games and this is one of them and now after i ahve started i cant stop thinking about the game it blaced simulation which gives a pleasure experience not like some simulations where the gamer will be stressed. Definetly Recommend to play for all whom love playing simulation games.
76561198293939846,Recommended,423580,25759397,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Protoflare,"I was inspired by Jacksepticeye to play this game and I was not disappointed. It was a great game considering I haven't played SimTower. The mechanics of this game are great. The art seems in the mid 80s and represents many things that the manager of a building has to deal with when taking care of a building. It is a great game and I highly recommend it to people who are buying their first game on Steam or wanting to look for a fun time killer. I really like cozy, laid-back games that still offer a challenge so I also recommend it to people who like these games. Really impressed with the work put into this game. When I first got it Inplayed it for 4 hours straight lol. Anyway, one of the best games I've played in a while."
,Recommended,423580,25691679,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,jc,"The game is pretty good at the beginning, but now I've got bored with it, as it's not challenging enough.And the gameplay becomes repetitive.Nevertheless, I enjoyed a few good hours with it, so I'll recommend it. Reminds me of the good old time of Sim Tower."
,Recommended,423580,25646097,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Xiupan,Truly a modern day SimTower! Love it! :)
,Recommended,423580,25740751,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ENCORE,Its a cool game without too much features. I recomend you trying it out. To the devs: If you contact me ive got some bugs I can tell you about and some features that make your game way to easy...
,Recommended,423580,25747683,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,therealjohnconnor,"Greatly enjoyed 'Project Highrise' and got every achievement except Terrifically Trashed, which I think my own system was bugging out.'Project Highrise' isn't really a 'SimTower' remake and it's not about engineering; it's about economic ecology and does this in a way that makes for compulsive, continuous gameplay even when, paradoxically, this can be very same-ish in mid-late game.Game mechanics are deceptively simple - but more than enough to serve as a creative outlet. The designers have really studied the achievements of Modern architecture and 'Project Highrise' is their celebration of them. Fellow enthusiasts will get a lot out of this game.(BTW: Terrifically Trashed bug was exceptional. I found that after initial teething trpoubles, this game played remarkably smoothly and without a single crash or anomaly - hell of a rarity tyhese days and a credit to the small design company behind it, who also provided except support when I was playing 'Project Highrise' immediately after release.)"
76561197991859264,Recommended,423580,26103130,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Garuda Warrior,"Been waiting for more than decades to play another ""Sim Tower"" game, and finally they did it... It's quite good and meet my expectation--- keep up the good work dear developers & community :)"
76561198002567184,Recommended,423580,29007528,Posted: 4 January,all,Björn Thünderfist,The next best thing to Sim Tower.
,Recommended,423580,29024136,Posted: 4 January,all,borisvolodnikov,"SimTower with a far more engaged developer and free updates! Very much what might have been with Yoot Tower, though I'd like to see different maps (like the one from Yoot Tower that was essentially a giant basement behind a waterfall). The only failing of Project Highrise is that it could have been just a hair more ambitious - but I guess we need something to look forward to in a sequel."
,Recommended,423580,28810231,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MYstiK MeWTwo,WE CAN'T FUNCTION WITHOUT A GAS CONNCTION!still haven't given them waterxd/10 realistic priorities
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,423580,34059250,Posted: 6 August,all,kshid,"I didn't like this game because it becomes repetitive so quickly,I didn't even finish the first scenario because that is how quickly it stopped being fun."
76561198072652273,Recommended,423580,34244452,Posted: 14 August,all,xander,Sim tower 2.0
76561198300371077,Recommended,423580,31831288,Posted: 18 May,all,jesscarr,"Gets boring after awhile (for me, long before I finished all the achievements and challenges) but this is a fun game that will give you lots of hours of good play.  Different scenarios help keep things interesting. I recommend restarting often, as there is a learning curve on optimal building design."
76561198009190916,Recommended,423580,30371690,Posted: 7 March,all,Biggamer,Good game. $20 no 9.99 good price with workshop maybe 12.99. Price to high. Going to give it a thumbs up for a blast from my past.
76561198223710704,Recommended,423580,34691929,Posted: 2 September,all,MathEhMtLoko666,"Very enjoyable game, I recommend"
76561198131281061,Recommended,423580,29289048,Posted: 15 January,all,Saphire4260,"love this game, wish the scrolling up and down your building was a bit easier but i really love this game thats my only complaint"
,Recommended,423580,29264559,Posted: 14 January,all,the_wokman,"If you ever played Yoots Tower or Sim Tower, this is the closest thing there is!  Not sure what it is, but building your own office tower is SO much fun!  Unfortunately, the elevator mechanics from Sim Tower is not a part of this game but it doesn't make it any less challenging.  :)"
76561197996738656,Recommended,423580,29274553,Posted: 15 January,all,Mythophile,"Ah, this game. I really like the creativity and balance the devs have struck with the mechanics, since I don't find myself frustrated when playing. The only thing I really want is more content, decor, and maybe more lots and types of rooms/offices/stores. Just for visual variety you understand.I recommend this game to the creative types who like to build things up or try new and different approaches."
,Recommended,423580,25421007,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,PestilenZ,"Gas and water use the same utility box. Who let the German plumber in?Fun game overall, but perhaps could be upgraded in the future to have more things to do."
,Recommended,423580,25431970,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NikCam13,A modern day sim tower! It's nice to see another game like sim tower just more detailed! It's a micromanagers' dream game! Really worth it and is an enjoy experience. Not a single problem yet!
,Recommended,423580,25431674,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,minecraftislife97,SUPER GAME! I Was Wanting It Since July And I Love This Game! Cant stop Playing it!
76561198165965456,Recommended,423580,35184404,Posted: 24 September,all,filipcaron,Its a fun building game if you liked SimTower back in the day.
76561198010456967,Recommended,423580,35240077,Posted: 27 September,all,selash84,"I have just started playing, but I am hopelessly addicted. Great controls. Neat graphics and building options!"
,Recommended,423580,35249805,Posted: 27 September,all,Raellu,"To all gamers who love ""empire"" building style games:I highly recommend this game. The mechanics are easy to grasp, just beware of extra conditions that may affect the population's happiness!Aesthetic: 9/102D gfx of this game makes it simple aesthetically. I'd like to see a nicer blend of colours however.Soundtrack: 4/10Not going to lie, it's just the one soundtrack on repeat which can get quite dull - highly recommend having music/Netflix or something in the background while playing! I'd have expected at least a variation on the sountrack after 3 DLC releases.Interface: 7/10Interface is self-explanatory however I feel that it can be a trawl going through all the small tabs to get to the facility you require. Also, it may help to have the size of the rooms for better planning.Enjoyability: 8/10Does get a little tedious after all the options have been unlocked. Almost like a grind game! However, I love this kind of thing hence the high rating.Overall: 8/10Despite the music department lacking in variability, I love this game! Thanks very much to the developers who made this <3"
76561198313641619,Recommended,423580,35012689,Posted: 16 September,all,jstrom08,Would recomend it to others!
76561198050974659,Recommended,423580,25414343,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Pvt Dog Bollocks,Good fun
76561198012053364,Recommended,423580,25412736,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Seaward,Very addictive game
,Recommended,423580,31478635,Posted: 30 April,all,giancarlo1985,"I used to play SimTower years ago and I loved the game. It was mostly centered on the constant battle for elevator service to the various floors. This game is more centered on other services (like various office related services - I would know as I work in an office!). There are various zoning types including residential and office (in the original game). Hotels were added in the expansion DLC (which I highly recommend). I'm usually wary of DLC, but Las Vegas does add a great deal to the game and is well worth the price.The game has nice, classic graphics and the sound is appropriate. The music could be a little better, however, that doesn't detract from the fact that the game hits the right notes in other regards.If you loved SimTower, you'll love this game. Just a word of advice, don't expect a clone copy of SimTower. This game is quite a bit different and has other levels of immersion (such as utility services, building services and trash/recycling). Not so much emphasis is put on elevators.I do recommend it!"
,Recommended,423580,35351585,Posted: 30 September,all,Sweet water(Battlefield),i love this game very fun if yuo like building games and infostructer.
,Recommended,423580,34254354,Posted: 15 August,all,The Courier,its a great game like sim tower now the game has many things to unlock through it  many ways to make money  the game is really fun you can make ofices but they need certain things like courier servecises  copy serveses and much more im gonna update this review and add more later just hang tight
76561198157129605,Recommended,423580,35301315,Posted: 29 September,all,GodGenesis,Loving this game since day 1
76561198131546879,Recommended,423580,35308174,Posted: 29 September,all,PainkillerDeb,I recently purchased the game and have enjoyed playing it a lot.  I would recommend the game to others who like building games.
76561198007199608,Recommended,423580,35403177,Posted: 1 October,all,budamon,"Modern updated take on SimTower.  Scenarios present interesting challenges that keep it interesting.  The game is stable, I haven't had a single crash and haven't noticed any bugs.  Figuring out some of the requirements for new office types took a while, but that only added to the enjoyment.  I recently went back and played SimTower and have to say I like this better.  7/10 wookie roars."
76561198275836990,Recommended,423580,33420820,Posted: 9 July,all,StopUniform34,I love this game!I bought the base game with the Las Vegas extension pack and think that it was totally worth it.  I'm definitely considering on purchasing the Miami Malls extension and can't wait to see what else they add to the game.
76561198086206357,Recommended,423580,25453061,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gunny,Reminds me of sim tower. This game is more advanced than i expected and well worth it. Great game and plan b4 you build.
,Not Recommended,423580,35475671,Posted: 4 October,all,SilverGull,Very plain and boring gameplay.
,Not Recommended,423580,31881958,Posted: 21 May,all,Goris,"Fun start, but boring later on. Anything from next tier just wants some next tier services, more wires and gives more money.Economics are very straightforward and dumb, upgrades are illogical.After 1 hour, i often wanted to click ""Ultra high speed day per second button"", but there is no one...To devs: Guys, buy a game designer.3/10"
,Recommended,423580,31126161,Posted: 13 April,all,FuturamaKing,"Really nice tower sim, a bit like the old sim tower :)recommended"
,Recommended,423580,28304025,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Admiral Kirk,"Gameplay 8/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 7/10Graphics 7/10Replayability 8/10Overall 8/10A solid and fun building/tower sim, you want to build your own Trump Tower named after yourself well then this is the game for you."
76561198144826386,Recommended,423580,32545869,Posted: 18 June,all,chainedbear314,"I waited twenty years for this game, and it was worth every moment of that. It is truly spectacular for any old SimTower player. It goes above and beyond all that ST dreamed of doing.Maybe my only problem is the slight lack of keyboard shortcuts for some of the more tedious tasks of running the tower. Keep in mind though, I had to really think to even find a problem with this game. Its basically all I could ever want as an old '90s Sim game lover."
,Recommended,423580,33752940,Posted: 23 July,all,Soon It Will Be Cheese,Excellent game. Kept me sane through a 24 hour sleepless trip. Very addicting and peaceful.  Cute artwork.
76561198045411208,Recommended,423580,25717672,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,minndawg,"I love this game... so much but it feels like it's still lacking a lot. I grew up playing Sim Tower at a very young age and while there are  differences there are many similarities as well. Fortunately this game has workshop support so items I feel are missing, like cars and car garages, are being supplemented by the players.The base game as it is is definitely worth the price. I hope they follow the developers of Cities: Skylines... they add their own paid DLC, free DLC, and now even bundled up player created assets into a DLC. This game would benefit greatly from some DLC.As it is... buy the game! You won't regret it... and if you get bored just check out the workshop. Game is new so in time there will be plenty of mods to play with."
76561197966710013,Recommended,423580,30069476,Posted: 20 February,all,dested,Addicted
76561198236083196,Recommended,423580,32396850,Posted: 13 June,all,ActuallyTom,"When you can remember where everything is, the game is great to play to kill some time. After a while it can get a bit repetitive though"
,Recommended,423580,25412991,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,scorp_stanton,Definitely don't regret preordering
76561198008364656,Recommended,423580,28298129,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,des010,enjoyed it
,Recommended,423580,34308793,Posted: 17 August,all,Quant Liz Lemon,I am obsessed with this game.
76561198027118809,Recommended,423580,32909890,Posted: 27 June,all,rh1ann,"I did not think I would enjoy this game as much as I am.   The premise is simple, the execution of said premise can get a little challenging.  The key is to watch your money and be patient.  Which is the opposite of what I did - got broke quick because I was just building, building and building - got a little ahead of myself  :)Overall, a very pleasant and fun surprise."
,Recommended,423580,25436513,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Grep,I actually refunded this game because it wasn't really for me. But that doesn't mean it was bad. I liked what little I played of it but not enough for me to want to keep playing it. But for people that are really big into games like this will love it.
76561198253708980,Recommended,423580,28423252,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,choyland8,"Would be a lot better if there was a way to install utilities automatically on floors, very tedious doing it floor by floor.Great game otherwise"
76561198082605993,Recommended,423580,25433635,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kimosabe,Great Game
,Recommended,423580,28183916,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,BerlinerKindl,11/10 office workers
,Recommended,423580,26341904,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,StarshipUK,This is the best Erection Simulator of 2016 I have played so far.
,Recommended,423580,26692741,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Yagtosan,Building Just building
76561198030048030,Recommended,423580,26715601,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Happy plays,Good
76561197971048574,Not Recommended,423580,25600845,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Killforfood2,"3 days in, my workers do nothing cause i planned a few floors ahead""I cant get where i need to go"" they saidWell how about going to do♥♥♥♥♥♥where you can go instead morons, you're all fired"
76561198085935655,Recommended,423580,30090506,Posted: 21 February,all,JohnyMcFace,10/10 Would Become Trump Again
76561198163794025,Recommended,423580,33839789,Posted: 27 July,all,Cheesetim21,Great game with pretty nice towers 27/34
76561198355288471,Recommended,423580,33011704,Posted: 29 June,all,CoolBeans10009,I love the game but it gets old when you play for 14 hours over 3 days
,Recommended,423580,26130990,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Discobot,"Very much reminicent of Sim-TowerIt's at the cusp of something wonderful, I expect the developer will soon have this within their grasp."
,Recommended,423580,29290372,Posted: 15 January,all,Dr. Krunk,"As soon as I saw this game existed I bought it. And yes, this is what Sim Tower should have been back in the day... or Yoot Tower for that matter... I'm glad this genera is back in the spotlight!"
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,423580,26104253,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,becephalus,"This is a serviceable Sim Tower like game that you can have some hours of fun with.  Was not quite the advancement on that past theme I would have liked, but everything works fine and plays well.I probably wouldn't reccomend it though unless you really want to play a game of this type."
76561198387084164,Recommended,423580,31696363,Posted: 11 May,all,Jt,"Very good!Though no Chinese  ,wonderful  piece!"
76561198206477572,Recommended,423580,26628886,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SqueakySqueak123,Good game
,Recommended,423580,31764688,Posted: 15 May,all,Wayhard,"If you're into building simulators (especially SimTower) then I cannot recommend this game enough.Having said that, on the surface you may think it's just a rehash of SimTower... It isn't. There is much more depth and detail on show here. It's very much a case of ""easy to learn, difficult to master"".For me, it's a solid 9/10."
76561198008518777,Recommended,423580,35202176,Posted: 25 September,all,bronzedragon45,I like this game alot. it is simple and entertaining.
76561198040704435,Recommended,423580,35232528,Posted: 26 September,all,GamerJB_15,"Even tho I only have 3 hours into this great game, I certainly see potential in what you can build in this.This game was inspired by the old sim towers that people would have played on their DOS computers, Project Highrise takes that and gives it a nice fresh look as well as adding things that otherwise the old 'sim tower' wouldn't / couldn't have at the time.You would and CAN have lots of fun designing cleverly built or waky out of place towers, maybe even rebuild the twin towers to your liking. (No T bomings included)"
,Recommended,423580,28298866,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Vamoose,Fun for the first 10 hours
,Recommended,423580,35245348,Posted: 27 September,all,乔克,"Hello,developer. I don't konw if you're watching it.But I have to tell you ,I really need chinese. It's not just me,there are many chinese gamers who love this game. PLS"
76561198272069860,Recommended,423580,34741261,Posted: 4 September,all,Doggo354,very fun game
,Recommended,423580,32813175,Posted: 26 June,all,atomik_thunder,It's pretty much an updated Sim Tower.  Dev continues to work on and improve the product which is pretty commendable and awesome considering how much abandonware is on Steam
76561198306776784,Recommended,423580,25418793,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,CCR_Revival,"I have been looking foward to this game for quite some time, and im happy to say I was not dissapointed. Great game with tons of content and mod support. Hope it grows a stable community soon. 10/10 would play again"
,Not Recommended,423580,25423478,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Manny,"I've watched many hours of gameplay on Youtube of Project Highrise and after getting past the almost unappealing graphic style and the unrealistic 2D building canvas, the game started to grow on me and got hyped for its launch.Get the game, start a new game in Engineer difficulty and play. As I go along building, the first cool thing I want to do, bridges/suspended floors by having 2 towers, is not possible unless you use a trick by spending a lot of money building up then demolishing. This trick also allows you to cheat by only having 1 trash/recycle bin in the same floor even with the separated towers. You can also get your workmen trapped forever while demolishing downstairs. Unfinished stuff like this extends to various other parts of the game which leads to frustration and losing money.Another frustrating part is when demolishing building services, you never get any money back and the most advanced ones can be really expensive to build.The prestige mechanic is also very punishing. Allocated a room and want to undo? You'll have to deal with -1 prestige that takes like 7 days to clear up. Don't have enough prestige to keep other rooms running? Let the game run and don't touch it. It's not fun.After you unlocked and built all the building types, it feels like you finished the game and there's nothing else to do. There's nothing that makes you to keep going up unless you really enjoy a non-challenging sandbox.The music is fine but doesn't have any variety. Tools sound effects are good yet it lacks a lot of ambience because it barely has any sound outside of that.It was still fun to play the first 5 hours and overcoming the balance and needs challenge while trying to build a symmetrical building as much as possible.In short:-Fun planning your own building and managing the needs while you build.-Get frustrated due to lack of measuring tools for better planning.-Get frustrated due to some building mechanics being very limited or unfinished.-Decorations seem to do nothing making them a complete waste of space.-Trash bins being required in floors with apartments and restaurants, along with many other stuff is unrealistic and kinda ruins the look of the building.-Lacks dynamic mechanics to keep gameplay interesting and challenging.-Shallow/Limited gameplay content.Disappointing and not worth the price."
76561198103075863,Not Recommended,423580,25772678,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Boss Jawbreaka,realizing i just paid for a flash game
76561197971524919,Not Recommended,423580,28171686,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,CoMMiCH,"I can't recommend this game at all.It lacks complexity, The game gets very reptitive and it is a shallow experience.Not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,423580,26714040,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Chaonix,"This game misses the mark. The controls are weird, the art style is absolutely hideous and it just misses being fun."
,Not Recommended,423580,25568261,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,My.Con | Ariano,Really bad economy AI... Don't waste your time.
,Not Recommended,423580,33790907,Posted: 25 July,all,Adamantite,Cost too much for the content in the game
76561197972886149,Not Recommended,423580,34087144,Posted: 7 August,all,*****_icebear,"Boring game as it takes too long for a day to pass. There need to be more speed options, like 3x, 4x, 5x normal speed. If CPUs are the problem, maybe disabling some simulation aspects would help."
,Recommended,423580,25438464,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sentinel,"After speaking to the Devs on Twitter before release really hyped me up even more, they are so dedicated and friendly. I was very exited for this game and pre-ordered. And by god i wasn't dissapointed with it. *Unlike No Man's Sky* Please buy this, its one of the best things you can buy right now!"
,Not Recommended,423580,25510805,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jared555,"It is an ok game but it is missing a lot of the challenge from the older games like Sim/Yoot Tower.So far each time through has been a challenge for the first 20-30 minutes, a lot of waiting for money, and then hitting a point where I have so much money I get bored with the continuous repetition building things with no other challenge."
,Not Recommended,423580,33862536,Posted: 28 July,all,Stalker1o2,Even on the highest speed the game time passes way too slow.
76561198035157418,Not Recommended,423580,25610235,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Wolverine Chosen,"Sadly, the game gets uncontrolable after a while and late game.Too few different shoptypes / no early warning system for trash / grime sneaks up like a B..ch /  ...Game has potential but at the moment not worth the 20€ spend on it.There are better games then this out there"
76561198023157788,Recommended,423580,25465957,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,✾ Matsukaze ✾,Ant Farm SimulatorThe Metro Station keeps spawning more Ants !10/10
76561198186581081,Recommended,423580,25911268,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,broodje_snor,Some people like It other don't. I enjoy playing this game and recommend it. but it needs to be the kind of game you like.
,Recommended,423580,33689290,Posted: 20 July,all,Noodles,"Game is good, Not played much but what I have it works very well!"
,Recommended,423580,25413510,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mobster112,"You get what you payed for: a fun and complete tower sim game. No more, no less. Just buy it and play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it!"
,Recommended,423580,25666159,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,PankO,"Awesome game, 11/10 still playing and would play again.w0w w0w west coast"
76561198116673749,Recommended,423580,25661130,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TanksAlot05,awesome play this if you ilke busdin
76561198041715428,Recommended,423580,28679532,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gildas,"Great game. Nice sim game with good depth. If you like these type of games, this is for you."
,Recommended,423580,33153364,Posted: 2 July,all,Magnuz,great game like simtower
,Recommended,423580,33696769,Posted: 21 July,all,ShenShiro,Good Game~
,Recommended,423580,25419492,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dantastik,Great game    10/10 should buy
76561198139145390,Recommended,423580,25454300,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DJ Ricky D,I had a massive void in my heart once Sim Tower became no longer became available to play. Void is now filled! Only 4 hours into this and the game hasn't even touched the surface yet of what it has to offer. This game provides all the fun Sim Tower did back in the day and much more. You have full control of how your tower operates without it being too complex and the Tutorials are short and simple and only need to be watched once to get you ready for the action. I see this being an easy cult classic on steam kudos to the developers.
,Not Recommended,423580,31126857,Posted: 13 April,all,Composite,"Great game reminiscent of simtower, but just to hard to get a satisfying build.So...5/10"
,Recommended,423580,28573794,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gunam,Project highrise is a very good modern simtower. I look forward to spending time on it.
,Not Recommended,423580,25510510,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Killua,"If you're looking for a good throwback to SimTower, don't play this game. I did not find it challenging, I found the sound effects to be blah and the music to be meh. The UI feels clunky and the tennants just don't have a ""realistic/organic"" feel to it. I really did want to enjoy it though, sadly I could not and returned it."
76561198007283050,Not Recommended,423580,26143585,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kalanar,Refunded. Sim Tower is still preferable.
76561198030882681,Not Recommended,423580,31252960,Posted: 20 April,all,Hangfire,"Sorry, just not fun.A soulless and empty builder that made me feel like I was colouring in squares on an Excel spreadsheet, with a similarly unsatisfying result.Lacking in  personality, depth and character.For me, a builder like this is about seeing and interacting with your residents. Sadly they are nameless .gifs that just sit there and instil the same level of existential dread as the thought of being a faceless office drone in an uncaring corporate machine that wants to reduce you into a colour coded 'efficiency' rating.It may work for you, but keep a close eye on the refund clock."
76561198296160090,Not Recommended,423580,25764238,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,sevotastic,Good game but absolutley annoing!Why?Because when i spend hours and hours like i did yesterday from 5pm-2am playing and i felt really happy so i saved and exited. I came back today a tried to play the game i saved all it came up with was a black screen! 9 hours straight! and i get a black screen!Rating:so i give this a 4/10
76561198014053979,Not Recommended,423580,32247740,Posted: 7 June,all,lyra,A certain game from over 20 years ago is still infinitely better than Project Highrise.
76561197964101912,Not Recommended,423580,31992222,Posted: 27 May,all,Blueflame (NOR),"Nothing like The Old Sim Tower. Old graphic, annoying music. Way to much to consider when building, no accidents, fire, flodding, police squad = really no action in the game, even though this is not an action game, there should be at  least some action events taking place to juice ut the game a little. Really boring game, and I loved SimTower in the old days. This has potensial, but it needs a lot of work, graphic inhancement, way better music and skip all the interior building options like flowers, lights and so on. Stupid.There should also be an alternative to build radio towers and observation floor.Just boring."
,Recommended,423580,25878351,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Pauly C in Mourning,"Project Highrise is a fun little casual sim.  It's easy to learn the basic mechanics, and not very difficult to understand the higher level mechanics.  The game becomes a bit dull when you're a couple thousand dollars in the black but the early game can be a bit challenging if you make a costly mistake early on and fail to correct it.  Most of the fun comes from the scenarios and contracts.  Once you've reached the point of self-sustainability, there isn't much to do except optimize your layout.  The art aesthetic is alright, though many of the rooms and suites feel a bit samey with no distinguishable difference between rooms of the same type.  If you're a fan of the genre it's definitely worth picking up, but don't expect a heavy challenge.  If you're not a fan of the genre, you'll still probably have some fun."
76561198043141723,Recommended,423580,25592815,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ezzmann,.
,Recommended,423580,26003796,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Sentuis,Simple clean fun.
76561198120361513,Recommended,423580,35189347,Posted: 24 September,all,kuok1984,simple is good
,Recommended,423580,25416915,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SnackTimeCat,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, however...In order to build sky-bridges its necessary to build up floors underneath the bridge and delete themLarge offices constantly complain about being near an elevator, and there being high traffic, even if they are ~6 spaces away from an elevator and there is only one office on the floorLastly, (I'm not sure if this only happens on macs or not [it was a free computer]) after loading a save file for a larger building, the file seems partially corrupted, with a few texture bugs as well as terrible framerate....its happened multiple times, and is quite dissapointing as it means I have to choose between starting over, or living with a poor framerate and texture bugs.Update: The developers have been quite active fixing bugs and adjusting various things, making the game even more enjoyable than it already had been."
76561198084595254,Not Recommended,423580,25582371,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,"Rake, a unruly peasant",GAME IS WORTH PLAYING FOR 6 HOURS.THIS WAS OVERPRICED AT 15 QUID.WISH I REFFUNDED AFTER 2 HOURS EVEN THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS FUN FOR 6 HOURSchanging my mind on this still like it but I do regret droppping 15 pounds on this.definetly one of those to google its steam key see if you can pick it up for 5 pounds or under
,Recommended,423580,25501207,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Fire0x,Super fun to play
,Recommended,423580,31127650,Posted: 13 April,all,chelsea dagger,Style 10/10Gameplay 8/10Replayability 6/10
76561198160293632,Not Recommended,423580,34210292,Posted: 13 August,all,badasgil87,I hope various industrial facilities such as factories or distribution center will be updated.
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,423580,25468045,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"After 38 minutes of boring gameplay, I've had enough.  The game isn't difficult and it's straight forward.  It appears complex, but frankly I can see only after 38 minutes how easy it would be to master.I was on the fence about wasting my time trying to get into it and thought I'd check out some discussion board topics.  I delved right into a locked topic about bugs and found several users clearly stating their bugs in a succinct way.After repeatedly explaining the issues because the developer/moderator/jerk couldn't grasp it, one user politely said there might be a language barrier.  Based on reading the devleoper/moderators previous posts, it was clear that English was not his first language.  It wasn't an insult.  It was an observation as to why there might be miscommunication.This was enough for the moderator/developer/jerk to give him a ""warning"" for arguing with a moderator. As far as I could see, there was no argument.  There was no name calling.When the user pointed this out, the thread was locked.I'm not interested in dealing with moderators/developers that treat their customers in this fashion.Here's the topic, I assume it will be completely deleted soon:http://steamcommunity.com/app/423580/discussions/0/343786195663151151/"
76561198261066527,Recommended,423580,25486014,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),i am very talented playing games and judging there potential so i will make this quick... number one i do reccomend this game it is highly addictive even if your sat there wondering yes buy it now or wait for sale like i should of. but 15 gbp is still worth it i would pay 20 most. anyway... as this game stands right now not 15gbp it should b 6 7 gbp . there are numerous bugs and flaws.. the biggest flaw i found but also will work to your advantage is that jsut before rent is due 1159pm.... one way getting rich over nyt is put the rent on everything in your highrise building to a maximum wait one minute gain the cash then decrease it before tenents want to move out... this bug is destroying my experience with this game once they have fixed it. i will be ver yhappy because this is a decent game with potential. i ask the devs to fix this  bug ( or should i say exploitation) because its an exploit not a bug. i havent even seen any bugs really nothing major but this exploit neds looking at asap because now ppl can cheat there way to the top i did it when i had 10 money left. and over night i got usually i would make in my 4 floor highrise 500 profit a day on here. but with the exploit i managed to get out of debt and make 4000 5000 that next day now yo usee why it needs fixing it is ridiculous... however gameplay is amazing yo uwill fall addicted to this game. plotting where to put things and what makes things more effiecient. you will be addicted soon as you start the tutorials. however i would like to see more content and also . i wish i could see people eating not just sitting down.  stuff like not being able to buy more construction staff straight away or ever is also a nuicence you will be speeding this game up most of your time because construction will annoy you to hell..  all in all this is a good simulation of highrises i give this game  at the moment as it stands with price tag and the flaw i found and bugs . 7/10 once the exploit has been fixed i will give it 8 to 9 out fo 10 amazing game and yo ushould buy or wait until they send a patch for this exploit :)
76561198057687731,Not Recommended,423580,26397867,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Bengahehe,Simtower and Yoot still the champs.
76561198326410172,Not Recommended,423580,33508302,Posted: 13 July,all,WolferBooy,First game i ever refunded just boring comparing to games lime it.
76561198031044405,Recommended,423580,28368478,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BlackGhost,Higher is allways better!!
76561198053880762,Recommended,423580,30680476,Posted: 22 March,all,Bradles,pros: is updated Sim TowerCons: no maxis logo :(10/10
76561198133730257,Not Recommended,423580,26131475,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Alice084322,"I am not sure if anyone use ios have same matter with this game, but I cannot play it because of its blur and tiny words"
76561198098160173,Not Recommended,423580,34750632,Posted: 4 September,all,$teamygreenfart,"high price, low content, and new content for a price?, nothing compared to sim tower, may be great some day. however not close now. just wait to buy until they add more, twenty minutes of fun at most."
76561198026386095,Not Recommended,423580,25448096,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,erfqfrqe,Not really ground breaking
76561198282294684,Recommended,423580,25426619,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,philip.scotia,Amazing game. You must try it out.
,Recommended,423580,25416332,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Terranova,This game is like No Man's Sky but actually with cont....whoops wrong genre
,Not Recommended,423580,30491372,Posted: 13 March,all,ArmusQ,"A waste of time, space, and money. Don't bother buying it. You won't be playing it for long."
76561198347858009,Recommended,423580,28315304,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tom,This a good game could do some inprovments but it ok.5/4 stars
76561198311288344,Not Recommended,423580,26680369,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,radapooie,meh
,Not Recommended,423580,33095770,Posted: 1 July,all,bazinga congoman,"All work, no play"
76561198023682338,Not Recommended,423580,28656050,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pandaeatworld,Really poorly balanced.
,Recommended,423580,33108187,Posted: 1 July,all,5th Hardest Man In Cloughton,8/10
,Not Recommended,423580,25688582,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Woutertje,This game is crap!
76561197998918324,Not Recommended,423580,34672255,Posted: 1 September,all,Scylla,This game is like prison architect but worse.
,Not Recommended,423580,25413908,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Foxy,"A lot of the charme that simtower had is gone with the weird way the elevator just ""spits out"" people randomly without need for consideration from the player. Also the weird micromanagement with the water and electricity is no fun, just annoying so realy a remake of sim tower would be awesome but this is not it."
76561197967942268,Not Recommended,423580,25417348,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,w00ty,i bought this expecting a remake of simtower.. talk about disapointment. no elevator programming. you have to choose people to move into offices.if you are thinking of getting this with simtower in mind. DON'T.
76561198013758367,Recommended,423580,25431661,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[W.I.S.P]Albrat,"Ok... I sat down to record a video about Project Highrise. It was a first play of the game, I was thinking I would do just 20 minutes and then release the video after i had completed editing it.I played away, built my tower up and made my little empire grow. 2 seperate buildings with residential and offices, then an additional tower with shops and restaurants...  I looked at the timer expecting 30 minutes to have passed...  I have recorded 3.5 hours. Ooops.  So I kinda got dragged into the depth of the gameplay.  My simple one episode review has not turned into a several episode playthrough by mistake. :DI definately reccomend this game to everyone.  Just set a timer to tell you to stop playing and actually eat / go to bed. :DNB: I purchased the game hoping to make a few videos about it. I have placed this in my list with Factorio and Minecraft.  Worth playing more.."
76561198170043850,Recommended,423580,25431664,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ZX_Nano,project highrise is a fantastic game and i highly recomed you play the game its fantastic
,Recommended,423580,25431772,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Jewish Nun,"If you enjoy managment and sim games, theres plenty to enjoy. Everything runs well with no glitches or bugs. All of the scenarios I have played have been enjoyable. In sandbox early and mid game are quite fun, trying to expand and grow your tower and meet all the demands that go with it, unfortunetly late game is pretty boring and there are no real challenges after your building gets filled with all the services it need. Hopeful that the modding community will add some new interesting features and much needed late game content. Not sure if its worth the $20 price tag but its definatly worth grabbing if on sale.5/7 I have enjoyed all I have played so far."
76561198016912291,Recommended,423580,25444444,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,[CMF]Uncle_Saddam,"1) It's inevitable to compare her with SimTower. Looks the same, feel the same, but with more to do.2) The game is pretty fun, but begins becames repetitive quite fast.3) There're a few bugs, but nothing that will make you give up playing.4) The rooms appearence needs to get more variety, it would decrease the boredom felling wh get after having a big building.5) The sounds are quiet annoying, after all, they're all the same over and over.It's a nice game for all SimTower's lovers. I recommend buying it"
76561197975411268,Recommended,423580,25446628,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Caid,Just like sim tower but do not forget the utilites
76561198086362665,Recommended,423580,25446660,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Daffydj,"I seriously recommend this game for anyone who likes any building related games! It is a great game, in fact, I am writing this review right now while I am in the game itself! But seriously, this game has a nice, cute, and simple art style. I saw quite a bit of games at PAX West, but this one got my intention and I tried it out there! (it was on saturday!) I find the gameplay of having to satisfy every person in the game as well as make spaces for new ones. Thanks for the awesome game and 10% off code!-daffydj"
76561198058604553,Recommended,423580,25451334,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Spudgunner,I'm enjoying it a lot but I have one question.Why're my rooms deteriorating faster than American politics?
76561198092371435,Recommended,423580,25444904,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The incompetent artist,"Dont listen to most of the negative reviews for this game, if you like resource management games then you will like this game"
76561197973664976,Recommended,423580,25445194,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,mdennis1point1,"I will rate this game a buy, but it surely isnt a tripple a title."
,Recommended,423580,25432387,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,tCxSteelEel,If you loved SimTower you will love this game. It has a lot of the same elements but expanded on and done better. Really loving it.
76561197996668645,Recommended,423580,25446078,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lephtovermeet,"I love this game but I'm kind of a huge nerd who likes tedious micromanagement without particular reward.A few things are really dumb and need to be improved. For instance:* I lost half my office tenants when I demolished and rebuilt the phone switchboard even though I did at 1AM and no one was in the building.* Currently limited to like 40 floors which sucks :(* Sooooooooooo slooooowwwwww.They need like 2 more incremental speeds because currently it kind of crawls by and optimally there's not a whole lot to do on the day to day.But overall the game is really fun. It's a great old school throwback sim game. You build floor space, allocate it, rent it out, maintain facilities, add stuff that increases prestige, and that sort of thing. I think it's a lot of fun. I would absolutely recommend it for geeky micro-management people."
76561198052734402,Recommended,423580,25480918,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,swankypoo,"If u like SimTower or YootTower then Project Highrise is a game that you need to play. Though lacking the livelier invite unlike SimTower, it is still a good and fun Tower Simulator building game. I hope theres more stuffs added soon in the SteamWorksop to make my tower look unique and interesting."
,Recommended,423580,25451441,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,dawnerd,Finally a sim tower clone thats fun to play!
76561198052839637,Recommended,423580,25421589,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,adrianna.ak,"I bought it this morning and I played it for 13 hours straight. I forgot to eat. Fit tower pieces together, keeping your tenants happy. It's fun, though it does tend to get a little boring once you've bought all the upgrades and someone who is NOT obsessed with getting a build ""perfect"" would probably only have about three or so hours of fun from this. I, however, am obsessed, and look forward to many, many more hours."
,Recommended,423580,25422503,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Scofield,Just one more floorjust one more floor
76561198044014556,Recommended,423580,25420981,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,overcast204,"This is a fun, addictive, and surprisingly deep logistics puzzle that promises a lot of playtime and replay potential despite a lack of concrete challenge options.On its surface, the game appears relatively simple -- place three main types of buildings (apartments, office, and retail) along with the support staff and facilities necessary to keep them happy. The challenge comes in balancing the various rooms and services on both a spatial and logistical level -- the higher-end commercial and residential clients want a greater variety of stores and restaurants, but to build these facilities you have to invest a lot in support services that incur a sizeable daily maintenance fee. Managing these tradeoffs in an expedient manner presents a fulfilling puzzle.Once you get the hang of the various systems in a sandbox format, the game currently presents 10 scenarios with 3 tiers of challenge conditions. These impose a variety of space constraints or other obstacles and often demand an efficient design and expansion strategy to pull them off. The developers promise more scenarios to come and the day-one modding support promises to enhance the work of this one-designer, one-developer team.Overall, it's certainly worth the price tag. I watched several hours of pre-release review copies of this game on streaming services and emerged impressed enough to pre-order. I haven't been disappointed."
,Recommended,423580,25422629,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,✌🏻 jess ✌🏻,If you loved Sim Tower then this is for you. A little bit more in depth than the original title however I cant see much repeat gameplay happening unless they expand on it. It's nice that it's open to modding however.
,Recommended,423580,25421176,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ruzen,"Ok. I am having a blast! It needs more work but only to improve, what is already been there. The content, challange, progression is all there. Mod support needs some work but there is a potential. In fact everything here has potential but that doesnt mean Project Highrise doing everything half!There is no need for me to write in a review about my feedback but belive me when I say It: It is a good game. The Challange is there. Gameplay doesnt bore player because of the simulation and opportunity to be creative.Game feels good all 90's game. Good fun. The visuals are so-so. The textures is not that highres but thats not bringing down the visuals in my opinion. It's the lack of animations is bad. No light differentials or different animations and that is a very risky thing to do for a game that makes you watch your tower. Belive me when I say this you are going to stare your tower for time to time and It could be better to have better animations or textures.Quality of Life(QoL) features are very limited. The interface is not that good. The game forces you to hunt down information a bid much. Interface could have been better. Even info section isn't user friendly you can't expand the info in budget. Lack of hotkeys, mini map and information is not helping players to enjoy good gameplay.Content and Gameplay is there and there are good set of difficulties. I can easily recommend this game who were teenager in 90's but for the new generation I can only say: try It! You might enjoy It; the game rewards good planning and creativity but not very user friendly."
,Recommended,423580,25415013,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Robin,Love this game!
,Recommended,423580,25425360,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bearbones,"Exactly what I always wanted SimTower to be, nice to see the level of detail put into this."
,Recommended,423580,25412550,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Downunda Thunda,"I absolutely love this game. The controls of everything are really intuitive, and I had absolutely no problems while running it. I've played it now for a solid 3 hours already, and I forsee many more fun-filled hours to go.I can't wait for the promised Steam Workshop support and mods to come in. I think these will open up new boundaries on a game which already gives the player vast amounts of freedom.If I was to have one complaint about the game, it's that even in the sped up mode, once your building(s) get to their larger states, the construction workers are really slow, and they go about jobs in a seemingly random order, which tends to slow down the construction of the building. There's been times when I've placed down an area for a specific room, and then once the area was complete, I'd forgotten which room I wanted to put there.Despite that negative, this is still a hugely enjoyable game, and I look forward to seeing what updates will bring in the future.One quick suggestion to the Devs... if possible... a way to walk through your completed buildings in first person would be amazing."
76561197972366975,Recommended,423580,25424782,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[Petoria] Pyro-5,I recommend this game to anyone who love SimTower or SimCity. Might take a few tries to learn the sizes and proper placements of all the facilities but it's still a solid game. Proper managment game done right.
,Recommended,423580,25423474,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Wolfgang,"I had a good time playing the game yesterday, the tutorial is good enough to dive into the game. As the game is in it's current state I think I can have quite some hours with it still and personally I do recommend the game.Some things like laying the 5 different cables (electricity, telephone, cable-tv, water and gas) can be somewhat repetitive after doing it for a while though. Perhaps when money no longer is an issue have the option to lay all the electrical related (electricity, cable-tv and telephone) in one movement and the water/gas one as a separate laying both at once option. Or making a small check-box which allows one to select which lines to lay in one go depending on the required situation)The complexity of the game is mostly in positioning where certain apartments, offices and facilities go as well as what is required to keep them all running.A few more tooltips on what certain ""unit-blocks"" so to say require when clicking on them would be quite helpful, now one can only get that information when selecting tenants moving in or later in the facility building overview where it mentions if there is demand for them.What I find a bit silly is that all the people seem to come from the left side of the map where the bus stop apparently is but not the right side, this hugely influences the flow of people as in which parts will be busy and which parts will not be. If the subway station later is build on the right side of the map this mostly compensates the flow direction of the people to balance it so to say. As others have mentioned there is plenty of room for extra facilities like those that SimTower had such as parking lots, cinema, the hotels and escalators. Yet of-course it is not supposed to be a clone of that game so other things would be great as well but a little more variety would be good."
,Recommended,423580,25429710,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Porygon2,"Amazing game if you like micro-managing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of an apartment building. Would be even better with cloud saves, but great as is."
,Recommended,423580,25429761,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,TeamKiller,addict
,Recommended,423580,25433258,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Roselillya,This game is amazing. My biggest complaint is that I cant move buildings I've placed and it really ♥♥♥♥s me up when I want to organise all my buildings into certian areas when I have the space to later on.
76561198010820818,Recommended,423580,25430266,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mastadans,"No need to say this game reminds SimTower at first glance. However, ST didn't go into detail in many aspects of the game, for instance, a restaurant was just that, maybe chinese, maybe italian, but you couldn't choose anything. Well, Project Highrise goes into detail, and quite well. I'm just a beginner right now, but so far I can tell I've spent very well the money.8/10"
76561198042768697,Recommended,423580,25628827,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,howardwillard,"Love this game, and what makes it even better, the Dev's are very involved with thier player base in the discussions and bug finding/fixing.The game is very simple and easy to pick up, however this does not mean it is without it's complexities. One you understand them tho, it flows very nicely.Fun, stress free, way to spend some free time.Modding support was part of the game from day one, it is a bit basic at present but hopefully it will be expanded on in the future. The community is pretty active with mods already, 2 weeks into the game and already over 110 posted.Downside, limited replayability. Limited variety in its current state. A few optimization and game asset behavior issues still outstanding. Some aspects of the game are repetitive and ""busy work"" that are fun the first few times but quickly lose thier appeal after several hundred repetitions.This game has tremendous room for growth and expansion and it seems as if Somasim fully intends to do more with this game.Definitly worth the money. A game I will definitly spend many hours playing for years to come."
76561198153045246,Recommended,423580,25422091,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"I have but one thing to say:""If you enjoyed (or ever played to ANY level of enjoyment) the old game SIMTOWER (and YOOT TOWER which was it's mostly-identical sequel), GET THIS GAME NOW.""You won't be able to stop playing.It's a little more deep than Simtower was.  You're actually running more of the things, like maintenance, upkeep, and manually running cables and pipes, but it's fun - not tedious.  At whence it becomes tedious, the automation upgrades kick in the let you get back to concentrating on what this game is about:  Building a tower.Rest assured, I fired up an easy-mode mega-huge map and was easily able to make money once I had the appropriate prerequisites to keep my folks happy, be it office personell, food joints, or apartment scum.  I didn't need a tutorial, there's a few tips here and there you can tell to scram, but you won't need it if you played SimTower and it's still fresh-on-mind.  If things confuse you, well then that is what it is there for - THERE IS A TUTORIAL, it can be helpful!Choose how large or small a plot of land you want, and the difficulty in which it will be to make ends meet and keep the tower full of happy folks - or atleast just keep them paying rent.It has everything SimTower did, plus more depth - only to be expected in today's day and age with computers.  I mentioned it again, because well some folks might feel like hey it's not worth the price - well I really think it's worth MORE than they're asking.  I can't wait to see where they take this honestly.  I purchased the game, downloaded it in mere minutes over my rotten slow rural-DSL modem, and it launched instantly, no muss, no fuss.  Worked perfect on launch day - FOR EIGHT HOURS I COULD NOT STOP PLAYING IT NOR DID IT CRASH.  THIS IS UNHEARD OF.  NO BUGS, NO CTD, NOT ONE IRREGULARITY!I can entirely see why the reviews are 80~95% ratings here.  This game rocks.Graphics:  Nice graphics, quite detailed for the simple almost cartoony style it's got going uniformly.Music:  Well, some nice background stuff, typical sim-muzak, nothing too catchy, nor too annoying.  It's not as bad as what I heard in a department store earlier, tho (well ok that one vaporwave thing I heard at the mall was pretty darn good but... OOOPS... heh).  After a while you don't hear it - that's good.Sound Effects:  Good, they do the job, they do what they need to.  They don't really get annoying like in simtower they did with the elevators, the vacuums in the houses, and the offices with the ringing phones and secretaries saying 'myargum myargum myargum' every 2~3 seconds.  Nothing irritating to break your thoughts (myargum-myargum-myargum)...Gameplay:  Oh yes, it's got this, lots of it, sandbox 2d at it's finest hour right here.  About time they brought back this one!  What I am getting at here is, it really is the new Simtower of 2016.PATCHes have reduced vague-ness and fine-tuned the gameplay a bit better than it was on release day.  This is a good thing.MOD SUPPORT:  Yes it's here, and supports Steam Workshop in all of it's Steam-ing goodness.  Have your pick.Sometimes the finer things in life are but so deceivingly simple as this.  I am thankful for it.Fully Recommended by a man who used to play LOTS of Simtower on Win 3.11 WFW on a AM486/DX2/66 CPU.And no, I don't think you'll run out of elevators this time around.*Simtower office sound**RING* (myargum-myargum-myargum)...(myargum-myargum-myargum)...(myargum-myargum-myargum)... *RING*"
76561198058483944,Recommended,423580,25607653,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,nano_9001,"Good graphics, funny gameplay and challenging scenarios, that is all I ever need in a game"
76561198271293088,Recommended,423580,27616472,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NeoVevo,cool game
,Recommended,423580,25451343,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"Original Review 9/10/2016: As a long time SimTower/Yoot Tower fan, I had longed and pined for another like their kind on the market, only to be disapointed by time clickers like Tiny Tower and Fallout Shelter. While great games in their own right, they simply didn't scratch ""the itch"" for a building management/simulator that I craved. Enter Project Highrise. I forget now where I heard about this to begin with, but I'm sure it involved Youtube. The developer has been and continues to be so active with the youtube gamer community and the discussion and mod communities, that you can just tell there will be plenty of active support from the developer for the months and possibly years to come. As a first game out of the gate for SomaSim, it's stellar. There are improvements that could be made, but they are already in the process of doing so, so hurrah! I look forward to seeing what other games SomaSim comes up with in the future. A+Updated Review 7/3/2017: This game has already come such a long way in such a short time. Constant diligence, hard work, community involvement, and developer communication have made this game the best of it's kind on the market. I remember going into this game thinking, ""Great! A new Simtower!"" However, this game is everything Simtower wishes it could have been. Simtower was elevator management. That's what it always boiled down to. Project Highrise takes the building management simulation idea, and turns it on it's head with innovation and a simple, yet satisfying quality that keeps you engrossed for hours. The Las Vegas DLC is wonderful, and I can only imagine what the soon-to-be released Miami Malls has in store. I not only highly recommend this game, I consider it a mandatory title for any serious gamer. A+"
76561198098856402,Recommended,423580,33392806,Posted: 8 July,all,kenneth.larot.yamat,"fun game like sim tower, but i think im all played out on this game after just a few hours."
,Recommended,423580,33442490,Posted: 10 July,all,I Smell Smoke,"This is an intersting take on the the old SimTower. I nthe short time I have been playing, I have loved having the challenge of making the tower work. I have failed several times. But thats the fun. Learning to go slower and pay more attention to the needs of the renters. when I need abreak from survivals and shooters. this little builder is always a good choice. this game will keep on on your toes when it comes to budgeting your money. Buy it."
,Recommended,423580,32117868,Posted: 1 June,all,[slem],"Worth a try, easy to get into."
,Recommended,423580,29069004,Posted: 6 January,all,bgbopper,"Project Highrise scratches the need for SimTower, and gives you a nice back rub afterward.In sandbox mode, it takes about 10 - 15 hours to unlock everything. You choose a difficulty, how much space you could potentially build into, and have at it. The better your tower (based on factors that influence tenant happiness), the fancier your tower can be. More expansion means more potential issues, so the game's challenge progresses nicely with your skill level.In scenario mode, you get specific challenges to accomplish, similar to Rollercoaster Tycoon. This gives the game quite a bit of replayability and makes it well worth the $20 cost.My only complaint is how it manages saves. By default, it autosaves every 5 in-game days that pass, and it also autosaves upon exiting. This is great so you don't lose progress; however, this makes things a bit difficult if more than one person in your home plays the game.For example: If I play the game, it'll auto save a file called Autosave 1, then 5 days later it'll save a file called Autosave 2, then 5 days later it'll save Autosave 3. Five days after this, it automatically overwrites Autosave 1, then 2, and so on in order, always looping. I can click Save and change the filename to 300 North Lake Shore Drive, but Autosaves 1, 2, and 3 will be my tower. As soon as my wife starts a game, it'll overwrite my Autosave 1 with her tower, then 2, then 3. If she exits the game, it asks ""Do you want to autosave and exit the game?"" She chooses yes, and then one of those autosaves will be updated with her latest tower. If I load 300 North Lake Shore Drive, it'll overwrite all of her saves after 15 in-game days and she'll completely lose her tower. So even though has what seems to be nice autosave features to prevent losing progress, you WILL lose progress unless you manually save and create your own filename before every Quit Game.Overall, the game is a lot of fun and is an easy recommendation for fans of SimTower, Rollercoaster Tycoon, and similar games. However, because of the autosave issue, I give it 4/5 stars."
,Recommended,423580,28812779,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rawr xd,Great Game. It feels liek it has no boundaries to what building you can build.
,Recommended,423580,28981010,Posted: 3 January,all,Kenzie,"Simple UI, simple yet entertaining gameplay, and workshop support; pretty fun."
,Recommended,423580,29207500,Posted: 12 January,all,The Imperium of Mankind,A very wonderful refresher to SimTower.
,Recommended,423580,29734895,Posted: 5 February,all,^ea†er^,Wow in depth customizing everything. very cool game!
,Not Recommended,423580,29914898,Posted: 13 February,all,jrud05,"I loved playing Sim Tower and I've been wanting to play it again for quite some time but found it rather difficult to try to make a newer system compatible with the old requirements of that game so I decided to give Project Highrise a shot this evening.In the hours I've played the game, I have not come across any disasters which I find a bit dissapointing. I'd like to see random fires, etc. occur. The main dissapointment that I have though is that there are no hotels and then various other bonus rooms such as cinemas, etc. I'm going to hang onto this game because I believe it has potential and I hope to update my review soon if more content is added.As it stands, I give this game a 5/10. There's no neutral button and since in my option some rather important content is missing, I have to give the game a thumbs down."
76561197994207456,Recommended,423580,29944440,Posted: 15 February,all,yoshifreak,"Perhaps more similar to Fallout Shelter than Sim Tower in its gameplay, Project Highrise is none the less an endearingly engaging experience, and has much of what you'd come to expect from a tower simulation.If you're into these kinds of simulations, you'll swear you've only played for 15 minutes even though 3 hours have gone by. And then you'll swear even more as you attempt to stop yourself from playing for ""just another 15 minutes""."
,Recommended,423580,29956210,Posted: 15 February,all,Argent Prime,this is fun :) very close to simtower
,Recommended,423580,25608210,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mossarelli,"Spiritual successor to SimTower and Yoottower. Ah yes, I waited 2 months for this game after I prepurchased it. I've reached 100 stars on normal difficulty without cheating and played 13 hours. Lets write a review.Is it worth 20 USD/EUR?Yes.I've spent more than 40 hours playing SimTower in my life and I know how to get to 100 floors without problems. This game continues where SimTower could not go with: micromanagement, tenants, utilities and services for both offices and apartments. The game also fluidly simulates people moving around, coming to work and going home; something SimTower only simulated in elevator traffic and ques.The contracts is a good gameplay element and allows me to gain some cash for expanding my business. Loans, influence and buzz also work quite nicely and balanced with the game.I made a suggestion to improving the games a couple of days ago and the devs put one of the requests into the game. Which is a solid 10/10 already.Now for some cons:No bulk editing and building as of this date. No click and drag to place things other than utility and walls.No bulk selecting and editing apartments.For being economic sim there's not much micromanagement on the economical part except for 4 sliders for the different rents and categories.Utilities take a lot of time to place, especially when over multiple floors.No Saturday and Sunday simulation.Pros:Fun.Balanced Difficulty curve.Intuitive building controls.Loads of decoration and art objects to make the tower look nice.Status view shows many different properties of the tower.20 basement floors and 60 floors.I imagine putting many hours into this game, making a couple of mods and using the workshop.8/10.When devs put in the optimizations in the building tools it will be a solid 10/10.EDIT: Devs are putting in bulk editing optimizations. 8.5/10The game is heading for a solid 9/10 soon. The devs are still adding things to the game in each update."
,Recommended,423580,29655680,Posted: 2 February,all,KillerCoke,"ENG / PT-BRIt has some bugs, but the is pretty fun.Tem alguns bugs, mas o jogo é bem divertido.7.5/10"
,Recommended,423580,29654331,Posted: 2 February,all,AzemOcram,"I love this game! It's relaxing, fun, and beautiful. I like the new content they keep coming out with and its lack of a timeline or 3D aspect pushed me to start back up on my own SimTower clone (which I stopped working on in 2014 until now). The music is relaxing; the seasonal decorations are a nice touch; the lobbies look cool."
76561197971692688,Not Recommended,423580,25458785,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[57th] Stilgar,There is a level cap after which there is literally nothing to do.Great game for 25 hours and then wham. Boring.There had been a pre release thread about wanted content and a good portion concerned scripting events. Instead we were given nothing but skinning and cosmetics.I do commend the devs for continuing to push the base game a bit.I find the game like setting up a fish tank. Once you have built the basic structure there is naught to do but look at it.
76561198122276107,Recommended,423580,31307924,Posted: 22 April,all,MarcOwaR,"The game is tough as nails, still learning...so slow to start off with - need speed 3 setting...but, the moment you reach 3 stars, all hell breaks loose and you find yourself needing to build a trillion things just to get companies happy. people cry about not enough lifts, dirty rooms, lack of shops!Mate, I've borrowed what I can from the bank ffs, it's all spent! I have to wait for that 400 quid at 12pm to use to clean the dam rooms!Money is hard to come by ><Fun game, but so so dam hard"
,Recommended,423580,31350699,Posted: 24 April,all,Jimmy the Bourban,"Picked this up after seeing demo at Pax, looking to recapture the feeling of playing SimTower in my youth.  This is close enough.I'm a poor reviewer of technical details, but if you're looking for a low-key sim/econ game to play on a hungover Sunday morning, this will tickle your fancy."
,Recommended,423580,31351560,Posted: 24 April,all,lethardicus,If you in any enjoyed Sim Tower.
,Recommended,423580,31675759,Posted: 10 May,all,Espirofitos,"This game is quickly becoming one of my favorites. It is really easy to learn how to play and the help boxes are very useful. It kind of reminds me of ""The Tower"" for the Gameboy Advance, but with waaaaay more content and better graphics.The building scheme is flexible, you can build ""holes"" in between floors and the variety of things to build is quite good.I would some kind of way to queue the building order, but I can tolerate my workers jumping from floor to floor and leaving unfinished stuff in between.Also, the maintenance crew tasks could be handled better. It is kind of tedius to have to obssesibly check and click the maintenance office for buildings in need of repair. It does have an ""automatic"" option, but they take too long to react to repairs in need.Besides that, I would recommend this game. If you obsses over minor detail and are an order freak like me, you'll enjoy the game a lot."
76561197994408157,Not Recommended,423580,31845491,Posted: 19 May,all,DrFetid,Makes me want to go back to the ogirinal Simtower games.Highrise is a neat but also rough and wonky building managment game. For some reason the game just doesn't feel like a smooth experience.
76561197973375795,Recommended,423580,31843629,Posted: 19 May,all,krij,"An excellent and relaxing tower builder. While not incredibly complex, the game still allows for a wide variety of building types, and it's very soothing to see your tower grow in an almost organic way."
76561198207491505,Recommended,423580,34051698,Posted: 5 August,all,de444ar7,"Really like this game. Scenerios can be a bit of a challange. Would request more medium ones. One question, has anyone thougt about putting in an escalator. Keep up the good work."
76561198220682644,Recommended,423580,34093464,Posted: 7 August,all,owmo77,"Makes building,Almost goes in debt,Raises taxes to 200 percent at end of night and switching it back almost immediately,Get thousands of dollars and no one hates you,10/10 would do again."
,Recommended,423580,34161401,Posted: 10 August,all,Chocolate Cheddar,IT IS GOOD AND YOU SHOULD BUY IT. It's like a spiritual successor to Sim Tower.
,Recommended,423580,34212713,Posted: 13 August,all,Jojo Mojo,Excellent Game. Perfect for chilling out and relaxing.
76561198096006627,Not Recommended,423580,33341670,Posted: 7 July,all,pahuuden_ruhtinas,"At the beginning this game looks  interesting. There are many different options to build and the unlocks keep you interested enough to play on. It seems to be a whole another world just like any game should.But as you play on it becomes rather limited and boring. You cannot interact with your population in any way and also the people do not do anything but walk. No events happen in your building either. No accidents, no fires and nothing positive either. Nothing ever happens and you never have to do anything. The point of the game is to make money but you cannot use it for anything. No goals and no challenge either since you really cannot lose the game. The buildable area is small and once it's built nothing can be done anymore. It's not going to be even nice to look at the complete building since the graphics are  garbage.All you can do is build and building offices and pipes etc does not keep anyone entertained for long.I have seen better free mobile games than this. Absolutely not worth over 1 €."
,Recommended,423580,34873148,Posted: 10 September,all,wideawakenz,"I bought this soon after release and it initially left me a bit cold, but a year and 3 content packs later, I've dived back in and have a new appreciation for it.The principal challenge is optimising your layout to meet the contrasting needs of your residents - some of whom are very fussy. As with SimCity, the first steps you take to build your tower and get your finances in the black will soon need to be re-engineered as your tower grows.It doesn't have all the depth of some management games, but given the indie price, I've got my money's worth and then some."
76561198052573233,Recommended,423580,34924229,Posted: 13 September,all,mitchsb,"Love the game.  Since we now have the ability to construct shopping malls, why not put escalators in the game?"
,Recommended,423580,34908055,Posted: 12 September,all,SnatcherSime,FUN GAME
,Not Recommended,423580,34897649,Posted: 12 September,all,nixx0r,"Fun for a little while but not much to do. I'm 6 hours in and I've already unlocked everything the game has to offer. Short story: if you were a SimTower fan, this will probably come close, but it definitely won't satisfy your tower sim craving. I'd much rather pick a movie to play in my theaters than agonize over the type of chair that goes in my lobby.Some people called this a clicker; that's not quite accurate. You definitely have to do a bit of upkeep at the beginning, but eventually you can unlock maintenance automation and you won't have to worry about it anymore. Frankly, the bigger clicking problem is picking which specific businesses, people, stores, and restaurants show up at your tower. You have to pick every single tenant. Every. Single. One. It gets a little tiring.Also, at end-game you mostly just spend time managing constrained apartment and business services. Not enough couriers to go around; you gotta just build like 3 of each service. That's right, you have to build the services right in the building; apparently these sims don't know that they can leave your building to find lunch, get their clothes dry cleaned, or, you know, order a limousine. No Uber in this sim world. I found that mechanic to be a little bit pedantic.Speaking of pedantic, you have to do all of your own wiring manually, even electricity (what building doesn't have electrical built-in these days?). I might have believed it if it was just for cable, water, and gas. You also have to build your own generators, you know, cause the power company doesn't exist. You're basically building your own city. I guess it's SimCityTower.Finally, two related but different issues that kind of make this game hard to play:1. There are noise/smell mechanics in this game that don't really make sense and seem like they're only there to artificially add difficulty. Some tenants hate noisy neighbors, but ""too noisy"" can be as simple as having a single neighbor next door or below. Not only is that an unrealistic expectation for any tenant in any tower, it's also not really how noise works in any highrise structure. At least, if they add a noise mechanic, they should allow a way to insulate or something. Same issue with smell-- apparently restaurants generate enough smell to scare off tenants that are literally multiple floors away. If you can smell food in a restaurant outside of the restaurant, something is going wrong with your HVAC.2. The game doesn't really do a good job of letting you know which requirements the various unit types have. You WILL end up unlocking the 2BR apartments, spend all your money building a few new floors of insulation (see noise issue above) and wired the whole damn floor so you can add some fancy apartments to your building, only to realize you can only rent those units if you hit a certain prestige level or add other unit types in your building. These requirements only show up in the renters list. Would have been great to know about these before spending all that money to set up these units. Pro tip: it costs $0 to drop an unrented unit anywhere in your building where there is space. Do this and see who can rent before setting up the unit so you don't end up making this mistake.Summary:Pros:- Lots of customization if you want it.- It's SimTower-ish.Cons:- Not a lot of content.- Weird game mechanics like being forced to wire up your own electrical and build tenant services that in any reasonable simulation of Earth would be available somewhere outside your building.- Hard to know what tenants will need in your tower before renting. You only really find out that they need service X or unit Y after you unlock the tenant type and make room for them. Pretty annoying.Get it for $5 if it's on sale."
76561197961260654,Recommended,423580,34966367,Posted: 15 September,all,JadoeTovSki,"I think its a good game for the ones that like a sim without too many hassle. Quite straight forward and no real difficult strategy.I would recommend this game to everyone who ever played Simtower, this is just the better version of it."
,Recommended,423580,34964549,Posted: 14 September,all,Osiris,"Love this game,  its a great one to play while you watch some tv and drink some coffee."
76561198359488800,Recommended,423580,34938911,Posted: 13 September,all,CyberGaming,Really good game. Creativity is enabled whenever i play it.
,Recommended,423580,34939199,Posted: 13 September,all,mkmarq,Scratches the itch for a SimTower-style game.Differs from SimTower formula in many ways including:-you deal with infrastructure issues (water/power/business services)-you choose from interested tenants and have to upfront the cost to remodel the space before they move in-you have the flexibility to build or not build a lobby on any floor
76561198064243460,Recommended,423580,34984271,Posted: 15 September,all,Dr.DEXTER,"Great game, Great devs, cheap DLC. What more could you want from the next simtower."
,Recommended,423580,34996224,Posted: 16 September,all,TheAnonymousChild,"Brilliant Game, a fair few hours spent playing this game."
76561198240423662,Not Recommended,423580,34993618,Posted: 16 September,all,RANGA TITS KAREN,Not a very good product to buy. i am very unhappy with this product becuase it does require every last deatil to play this game. Something which i dont have is patience and extreame detail.
,Recommended,423580,35005805,Posted: 16 September,all,Kylnarielth,"GOOD- management game not simplified into stupidity!- happiness requirements for the various tenants (adds micromanagement, love it!)- The DLCs are very nicely priced and add a nice amount of content.- It's fun that the scenarios refer to real-life events (great depression, etc) and make us play with similar conditions.- Loving the contracts system as mini-goals and having the larger scenario goals.BAD- No load functionality except in the main menu... and leaving to the main menu will auto-save. So if loading is allowed, why not have it in the in-game menu? It's very frustrating to have to ALT-F4 just to load without ""corrupting"" the auto-saves.WISHLIST- The DLCs don't come with many scenarios. Understandably, the vanilla scenarios do not have contracts expecting the player to own the DLCs. But it would have been fun, when for example being asked for more stores selling accessories, having the sunglasses shop count.- The financial daily balance does not reflect direct tenant changes. For example, adding a restaurant will not add its payment to the day's balance sheet. This means one of two things: the day's added tenants don't pay until the next day (first full day of lodging) or it's just not showing.- I'm missing a way to see how many tenants of a particular sub-type are currently lodging in my building. There is a list of all tenants (store and business names), but not their category (small law office). Perhaps I just have not found it.- Occasional bugs. Example: In the Flatiron Project, I do not start with any contract and the only ones available require the completion of pre-requisite contracts. Therefore I can play the map, but not have contracts. This rather kills the scenario for me, even if I love the concept."
76561198138952848,Recommended,423580,35004844,Posted: 16 September,all,rynehanz,"Good solid product, fun, enjoyable, and worth a purchase."
,Recommended,423580,35032713,Posted: 17 September,all,FunkyTheDingo,"Fun to play, Simple, Beautiful."
,Recommended,423580,35037769,Posted: 17 September,all,Mikaufoxy,This is a pretty cool game -- sort of like building a city within the city. Heheh. ;)
76561198322709118,Recommended,423580,35014045,Posted: 16 September,all,cgirl110,great game needs more items in new updates tho
,Recommended,423580,35079549,Posted: 20 September,all,John,"Project Highrise is a fantastic skyscraper builder, following in the footsteps of SimTower and Hotel Giant. It offers a good amount of replayability (up to a point), and getting your tower up to a sustainable level that you can make profit off of it is a joy to do. As you build up your tower, more and more rooms can be built to generate more income, and each room requires different needs - offices will originally need Courier and Copying services, but will then need Executive Suites in end-game situations.The graphics follows a simplistic styling, meaning it is not too heavy on older PC's at early stages. From both far away and up close, you can easily tell which rooms are of which room type, and when closer up you can easily tell the different subtypes of room each room is.Citizens and tourists in the tower will seem to try and find the quickest route to their rooms or shops, and so placing the elevators and stairs at the far end of the 'soon-to-be' skyscraper is one of the best approaches to go. I would, however, prefer that citizens would take the quickest route at the time - if different elevators have more traffic, the citizens would go to less busy elevators. This may already be the case, although I can't tell usually.There's quite a bit of micromanagement in Project Highrise, like raising and lowering taxes, which has positive and negative effects based on what you do. As well as this, there is quite a bit of randomness in the events that take place, like local businesses shutting down and your tower profiting from increased tourism. It's an interesting concept, albeit not unique, as it can be positive or negative for your tower.All in all, it's probably worth an 8/10 by reviewer standards, but as a tower builder its definitely up there with the best."
76561198065437409,Recommended,423580,35070998,Posted: 19 September,all,rdavis,Such a fun game! It's fun to play and nearly impossible to have the same play through every time making the replayability awesome!
,Recommended,423580,35076120,Posted: 19 September,all,akuyume,"Like SimTower / Yoot's Tower but modernized and with more elements. If you liked them, you'll probably love this."
76561197971325273,Recommended,423580,34926877,Posted: 13 September,all,YesImShort,"Extremely addicting. Just when you think everything is perfect you get greedy and try to add another floor. Things, of course, go awry and you spend the next two hours trying to fix what you just messed up. Highly recommened."
76561198030853881,Recommended,423580,34953007,Posted: 14 September,all,ronavoigt,Some of the paths to more possibilities are a little bit hard to find.  May a 'What this' could help.
76561197988642196,Recommended,423580,35062523,Posted: 19 September,all,Richard Siegers,great game
76561197998818164,Recommended,423580,35060996,Posted: 19 September,all,Chaos Celebration,This really scratches my sim itch. Very pleasant to play and fun to keep building!  Even starting over doesn't feel like a grind because you learn so much from each time you play.  Really well done.
76561198201635378,Recommended,423580,35049847,Posted: 18 September,all,Mosgiel,"Project Highrise is a creative business simulator in which you build a tower from a 2D cutaway view. The game is well priced, I find it worth every penny I paid, but it is only for certain people. If you like being creative and decorating to a fine detail then you'll probably enjoy it, even if you don't like business games, as it has an infinite money option. But, like most games, it has a few flaws, in paticular is the end-game, or lack thereov. Once you reach a certain point in any one save, the game becomes repetetive and monotonous, there is little progression, and there isn't much point continuing the game at that point. All in all, Project Highrise is a very good, well-built creative business simulator, which you should definitely play if you like the sound of it."
76561198321891185,Recommended,423580,35051924,Posted: 18 September,all,Bowshot118,"This is very good game, with a calm atmosphere to it. It is very relaxing as you do not have to be constantly doing things. Great to run in while doing something else. All three extension packs add alot to the game, based on their price. After 60 hours on this game, I still enjoy and play it regulary. Their are a variety of scenarios gives you lots of goals to work towards, plus free to play and sandbow, giving options to be creative without limitations of a scenario. Grants give you alot of goals to move towards towards inside the game instself. A bit more areas to manage and this game would be perfect.I would very much recommend!"
,Recommended,423580,35278824,Posted: 28 September,all,McFancypants,"Pretty fun, but if you're like me and ain't patient you'll find yourself out of cash. There's plently of good options to get loans or complete contracts with the city to get cash, but they're better as a way to produce cash for a big project on your tower rather than saving yourself from the red.I'mBadAtSimpleMoneyManagement/10"
76561198085275587,Recommended,423580,35344148,Posted: 30 September,all,mystfal1,This is the game that we all wanted Sim Tower to be.  The game is as hard or easy as you want it to be and there are endless ways of putting your tower together.  I love the style of the graphics and as a micromanagement game it has the tools and reports to let you see what is happening to your tower in a pretty in depth sort of way.  Some of the reporting coukd be better and the game isn't all that hard to master but still well worth the money.
76561198007925816,Recommended,423580,35359267,Posted: 30 September,all,ettin0,Lots of fun
76561198359775185,Recommended,423580,35364393,Posted: 30 September,all,mshano13,"Easy to learn & fun,"
76561197962870007,Recommended,423580,35360946,Posted: 30 September,all,Serbo,Great game! I really enjoy sim games and this one hits the spot prefectly. Fun and challenging.
76561198060102293,Recommended,423580,35362114,Posted: 30 September,all,StarChic,Love the game and only have one suggestion. Please add the room dimensions to the info box so that you can know how much room you will need to build before hand.
76561198019909122,Recommended,423580,35356342,Posted: 30 September,all,charles022874,a wonderful game it keeps you mind moving
,Not Recommended,423580,35356841,Posted: 30 September,all,yuanz07,The game is interesting however essentially lacking.  The notification system is very ineffective.  It always gives you an unreasonably short notice and then things go wrong.  This is so bad that it ruins everything
,Recommended,423580,35334897,Posted: 30 September,all,Thinnest12,"This game is just great it has so much replayability, it sets you free on a large building simulator that doesn't hinder you if you don't want it but it can also challenge you with scenarios but with also just normal gameplay as creating a perfectly square building isn't as easy as it sounds . This game single-handedly got me into creating my own mods, though small scaled, but it's a really unique building simulator with nice graphics and challenges that will keep you on your screen for hours."
76561198240599838,Recommended,423580,35394991,Posted: 1 October,all,Haverstash,"Great simulation in the vein of Cities: Skylines. After setting up my highrises, it was thrilling just to sit back and watch the ""ant colony"" do its thing."
,Recommended,423580,35400954,Posted: 1 October,all,Reyan,Strikes the nostalgia strings (I played a lot of Sim Tower as a kid) - but also is a fun and attractive looking game with plenty of interesting details to discover.
76561198097140662,Recommended,423580,35398875,Posted: 1 October,all,Cini-Chan,Wonderful Game. I`m addicted.It is not as easy as it seems!
76561198408299468,Recommended,423580,35396762,Posted: 1 October,all,benEJ123,Project high-rise is a very fun thinking game I would suggest it to people who are needing a new game to play there are really no problems with it only that there is not enough under ground space so you end up putting stuff that should be under ground on upper floors and that can get annoying when you’re tower becomes really bigHope this review helped you decide on if you should play this game or notI think you should play it
76561198002833416,Recommended,423580,35399301,Posted: 1 October,all,Atomicfreaks,"Great game, a fan of sim game and this is a great time wasting game!!"
76561198025750050,Recommended,423580,35381260,Posted: 1 October,all,luther138,"Just the right amount of sim tower, with some added complexity of adding control of utilities.  Would recommend if you like to relax by building a self sustaining complex environment.  What a relief to have a game available like this that does not have microtransactions."
76561198171616750,Recommended,423580,35383760,Posted: 1 October,all,Jakeyquack,This game is honestly gripping! If you love building in games and managing as well as creating your own world in an apartment building this would be for you!! It is truly entertaining and can keep you busy for hours!
76561197996718494,Recommended,423580,35383688,Posted: 1 October,all,SeKeLuS,this game is awesome!! its really simtower 2 :) the only thing im missing is the control we had with the elevator like what hours and what floor it stop ect.
76561198152926942,Recommended,423580,35383708,Posted: 1 October,all,Chyyyss,Great Game BUY NOW!
,Recommended,423580,35382902,Posted: 1 October,all,Chloe,"This game is perfect to relax and unwind, and doesn't take too much focus - but this isn't to say that you can't delve into this game and make the perfect and balanced tower. Just buy it - especially if it's on sale!Great game."
,Recommended,423580,35394967,Posted: 1 October,all,Bigode,"SimTower did it better 23 years ago, but this is a good game. But SimTower did it better 23 years ago.You can download SimTower for free atAbandonia"
76561198032350578,Recommended,423580,35305428,Posted: 29 September,all,billiemartin_mystic_love,This game reminds me of the old style simtower game. It is fun and addictive.
76561198129666593,Not Recommended,423580,35301366,Posted: 29 September,all,ur mom gai,literally unplayable since there is no 3x 4x 5x or end the day options
76561198067985896,Recommended,423580,35349722,Posted: 30 September,all,Bobinux,"Addictive game, good if you like building/managing kind of games, the DLC's add some content like building a hotel/casino, but it's already great enough even without them, recommend it on sale."
,Recommended,423580,35349021,Posted: 30 September,all,hippiedip,"Project Highrise is a simple yet complex tower sim. The game offer so much, and with steam workshop enabled the game is well worth the cost."
,Not Recommended,423580,35349153,Posted: 30 September,all,erikb85,"Well. The idea is awesome, but the development stopped way too early. 5/10It's certainly fun for ~5 hours, but in my book that means it can't cost more than $5 as regular price. And that it doesn't have. The current $5 is just a special offer. So in general I have to give a thumbs down and suggest not to play it.The basic interaction is a lot of fun. And it's not just an idle game. You can influence the actual rents you seek from each tenant, office, restaurant, shop etc, which again may even influence other shops. Also one learns quickly that the most obvious part is not always the most efficient. For instance, when you need to regain some space, you can evict the tenant. But it costs money and maybe even stars. But there is another way, which is taking away things they need and increasing their rent to incredible heights. Then they will leave by themselves, and until then may even become super profitable.However, I will probably not continue to play this game again after writing this review. More than 7 hours is not in it. So, why is that?First of all you lack quite a lot of input. E.g. there is only one diagram, which is for the daily expenses and income. It is really hard to predict when the next big problem will arise and what it will be. Also it is really hard to say what a building needs as prerequesits. You need to assign the slot and then you can see it. When you finally have a lot of apartments it also becomes hard to figure out which cell belongs to which apartment since the apartments themselves also have walls inside.Then at least for me, the quests are okay but not really genius. It feels a little like cheating to get paid for stuff I would do anyways. They should at least have deadlines, and when they are completed already without contract they should just be gone. That way one would need to make meaningful decisions to take this contract or that. Also what's that stupid contract with the balconies? There are no balconies. And that quest is there 5 minutes after the game begins.Then there is buzz. A currency that collects from people interacting with your shops and restaurants. But you cannot do anything meaningful with it. Like, why would I increase one long term attribute only for 24 hours, while excluding all the other possible bonuses. Read some guides about developing RPGs devs. These buffs are annoying not helpful.Then there is influence. I really was excited about that part. And a few of these long term bonuses actually are helpful. But why can I for instance extend my 60 floors to 120 when I'm still in the first floor? The 60 floor limit is meaningless if I never hit it.And there we are at the second big criticism besides visibility issues: the balancing. It doesn't feel like there's a lot of balancing done. All these bonuses are not coupled with hitting a limit of some kind first, so you don't feel much value in them. Also some bonuses like extra quests don't help at all if you can just click the quest later even though you've already finished it.And I don't know if it's on purpose, but the restaurants are quite underused in the first part of the game. And later they are super brumming businesses that can easily raise >100% rent without ever fearing that there will be a problem.Lastly the biggest imbalance is losing stars when losing tentants that require a certain minimum amount of stars to be built. In my last game it snowballed in 2 minutes to a point where I nearly lost all tenants without much hope of recovery or stopping it. And lost stars can't even be regained. I just hope they are restored after a few days automatically. But since I have no info about that I won't give it a shot and hereby stop playing."
,Recommended,423580,35428415,Posted: 2 October,all,Spooτ | Sanctified,"great game....buy it on sale (5$ or so)you'll feel like you got a huge amount of value.at 20$...it's still basically accurately priced, maybe 15 would be better and still make them $, and increase sales...so id really say 14.99, and below is perfect price point.anyway to the review,Ive played this game a total of about 10 hours....and i must say, in 10 hours ive made a pretty sprawling little highrise cassino hotel resort, and it makes very good money, which makes sense from an economical standpoint, and am now investing more in office highrise adjacent to the hotel to entice big wig type company outlet, with plans of also making some wonderful condos for rent and yet another tower. space management and optimized arrangement of utilities and space really makes a diffence.I also already plan on making a new game to further expand of these and further optimize space and utilities.PROS:FUNEngaging, time seems to fly and want to keep playing and progressing.Like *sims* but more about building planning and management, fantastic concept.Smooth runningChallengingCurrently playing vegas highrise, and i have expansion DLC's to go....which are priced decently.BUY IT NOW WHILE IT'S ON SALE, AND HAVE NO REGRETS.Cons:Honestly, i'll let you know when i find some...the game simply is as advertised, it's quite good, and gives you freedom of options on how to proceed with your highrise."
76561198171227622,Recommended,423580,35427586,Posted: 2 October,all,E r i t o,"This is a very good game overall, but a bit more content would be nice."
76561198280244135,Recommended,423580,35389453,Posted: 1 October,all,djungelpojken (SWE),"Good game but missing when making a big lobby. so it's not possible to place an elevator in it. would like to have so you can build lobby all the way down and then put in hoist up it without having to interrupt anything else.Also lacking the ability to own escalators and that they also take up space where one places them. get more than one approved on how they built up the economy and other administrative parts with services, etc.feels like the game could have developed a bit like me but get a 3 out of 5"
76561198065547311,Recommended,423580,35389237,Posted: 1 October,all,ergo,this was definitelly worth getting on sale i enjoy playing it as a mess around game here nd their when i am bored its got a lot of interesting little things to it ive only played it for a few hours but i do enjoy it alot
,Recommended,423580,35391800,Posted: 1 October,all,Jaqen H'ghar,"I LOVE this game. It's fun to piece together an organic building with many unique demands.HOWEVER it does have several terrible game mechanics. It's also not very well optimized to run HUGE buildings, so late game is buggy, and kinda of easy."
,Not Recommended,423580,35396658,Posted: 1 October,all,phaen,"I really like this game, but it crashes every 20 - 30 minutes, so I can't really recommend it."
76561198206728500,Recommended,423580,35391038,Posted: 1 October,all,Strengerdenger,This game is simlpe but in no way boring.Music too is not bad.My overall thought i like it and wan to seee more of it.
,Recommended,423580,35384430,Posted: 1 October,all,Rarinstraw | hellcase.com,"This game is one of my favorites. Takes a little bit of getting used to, but this game is so much fun to play :) Great job devs!"
