user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198263427469,Recommended,423620,33383560,Posted: 8 July,all,Rurik,"Average game.Devs took TD idea and replaced towers with heroes. If there are usually a lot of towers in other TD games, there you can find only 5. Only 5, really? Yeah, it's the main game idea. You need to use heroes to defeat enemies. Every hero is strong against special type of monsters; the guy with arbalet kills vampires in a couple of shots, the old mage with holy water wipes out a pack of skeletons.There is a city, where you can power up your heroes. You can learn skill for each of them. Tree skill is small, but anyway it's interesting to choose which skill you will learn right now.Also, there is rune system. You can put different runes into hero's weapon and when you charge him (upgrade) in the battle, he will receive this bonus. For example, there are damage runes, range runes and more interesting tunes, like ""75% change to attack with extra projectile"".So, you pass a mission, go to the town, unlock new heroes/buildings, upgrade your heroes and start new mission. Easy to understand.What I like- Awesome 2d art- Fresh gameplay idea- Easy to undestand- Good voice acting- Tree skill for every herohttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=970812927What I didn't like- There are only 5 towers/units. It's a really small amount. Also, you summon them all in every battle, so every mission you play with the same towers.. It's quite boring.- The TD game is supposed to be strategy game. You need to think about tactic, find the best spots for towers and etc. The main part of gameplay of this game is relocating these 5 towers. When a wave starts you move them to a start point, some of them pass through, you move heroes to the end point. When new wave starts, enemies go on another road, you need to move heroes there. Repeat these actions X times (x - number of waves in the mission) to complete the level.- The gameplay is the same in all missions. Yeah, there are different roads, some bosses come, and there are shrines for heroes. But, you play the same mission exactly is previous. I would like to see more diversity in enemies, more special skills, something new, which could let me give a desire to continue the game.- Story is boring. Characters are usual. Dialogues bring nothing interesting to the game.- Game requires playing previous stages to unlock new ones. I got stuck 3 times because of it. I couldn't finish the game, because i was forced to replay 6 stages to unlock the final mission. But I didn't want to do that.- I would like to see active heroes’ skills. It's really boring when you can only move them around the map and upgrading them. For example, KR series has 2 active spells, meteor shower and reinforcements. It's really enjoyable to use them. There are no such spells.- Rune system reminds me free-to-play mobile games. Grind gold, buy runes, combine runes to get stronger one. Repeat. I think, it wasn't a good idea to put this mechanic in PC game. Also, when you make an upgrade you don't feel what your hero become stronger. You start with ""+10% damage rune"". Really? The price of upgrading is equal to price of new hero. So, it's better to summon heroes instead of upgrading them.- There are no numbers. You can't see amount of health of monsters, you can't find how much extra damage hero does. It's a bad for mw. I would like to see more information. It's an important part of a strategy game, which helps players to find the best tactic.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=970812877So, why have I given this game a positive review, if there are so many minuses? I have almost finished the game.  I suppose, if you play the game and could complete it, it can't be a bad game. The 15$ price tag is too high, I am sure. But i got this game with 70% discount, and this price is fair.P.S. I hope, devs will notice bad design decisions and make the next game more interesting. Because, the main idea is good, but the final result is really average."
76561198024580352,Recommended,423620,32765866,Posted: 25 June,all,SilverFox,"Great artwork and graphics, a fun take on the TD genre.  Recommended."
,Recommended,423620,24735886,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Minoru Leonardo,"Personal rating:7/10What to expect of Hero Defense - Haunted Island:Hero Defense - Haunted Island is a tower defense with a different twist on it: you don't use actual towers, you control them in the form of heroes, while far from being the first in the genre, it is the first time I've played a game where you can have control up to five different characters at the same time and are free to move them as you like.SINGLE-PLAYER EXPERIENCE REVIEWIf you're here looking for an opinion on the co-op or PvP mode then move along. You won't find it here since I still didn't have the chance to play them (and I'm not keen on the idea of playing PvP anyway).Tower Defense or Hero Defense?Call it whatever you want, but having control over your towers/heroes is nice and refreshing, I know people that never got into tower defense genre as - in their own words - ""you just click and watch"" (although personally that is one of the reasons I like it).Hero Defense has only five heroes, but they are unique on their own way and each one has defining traits and weak points which you'll have to work with in order to win.Hero Management:The controls are simple enough: 1 to 5 selects the hero, left-click moves them and Space will level them up if you have enough orbs. The game keeps it clean and simple as it should be.Of course if these controls are not to your liking you can reassign them.Town to rebuild, bonuses to getEverything starts simple enough: pay gold (gems for one building) and get a permanent bonus.But as you may already be thinking: Grinding? Yes. Read below.GrindingThis is what could be the ugly part for me. Grinding is a VERY delicate balance that either makes a game good and tolerable or downright insufferable. And I personally can be very much fickle about this as well.Hero Defense does it… Mildly right. While the beginning will certainly be bumpy and hard, the game has a nice, and may I add cathartic, surprise later on that will tell the difficulty of grinding to go suck a big one. But it's there merely to help you as town and weapon upgrades will get ridiculously expensive.Skill treesEvery hero has its skill tree which will define their own style. Most of them are clear cut on what the hero does: focus on a single target, deals with crowds and so on.For those who played games which give you tons of skills and makes you pull your hair just thinking what to do, what skills to leave behind, Hero Defense allows you to have all skills at once.However you'll have to grind and level up your heroes accordingly. Some will love this, others will not. This left a mixed taste in my mouth; as in initially sweet but sour aftertaste. Why? While I do love having everything, it takes away some potential unique builds that would give characters even more distinction.Heroes and runesThere's the usual tower defense: you get resources to start, put a hero, kill enemies, get money, level up your heroes, put another hero... Nothing out of the usual.What makes it unique then?Runes does.Runes are how you make each hero unique on their own even with their skill tress. You can give runes to turn a mild damaging hero into something powerful, or give an attack speed rune to that slow attacking hero and watch them fill the screen with attacks.Runes are scaled as this: Common - Uncommon - Rare - Epic. As you can imagine Epic runes will take the longest to get as they are fairly expensive, but at least you are granted to get one, but you'll still need to luck out to get the one you want (power up, speed up, extra projectile chance…).The game has a simple craft system defined as ""Merge"" which allows you swap lower rarity runes into better quality ones. Use all of the same type and it'll ensure you a better rarity rune of that type. If you don't, you'll need luck as the result will be random.Complaints and suggestionsHero Defense may not receive a ton of awards, but it sure does try hard and the efforts of the team behind it clearly show. But the game, like 100% of everything out there, has its share of problems.1) The loading time to use the Town is unacceptable. It is far too long and wears down on the player really fast.2) Hero AI can be random or downright stupid at times. They tend to focus on enemies in the middle instead of the last in the group. While manual targeting DOES help, options of automatic targeting (most health, etc.) would be greatly appreciated.3) Shrines costs gem. No problem. Shrines are permanent until you build something on them. No problem. Shrine cost increases with each one you build. No problem. The game doesn't keep track where you built shrines.THAT'S a problem.4) This is a very little something but bugs me to no end: whenever you finish a map with a victory there's no Restart button. Sounds like nitpicking, but this is a game about farming to a certain degree and having to go back to the World Map to choose the map you want again gets tiresome.5.1) The game has only five types of enemies and while they try to be distinct from each other they always feel ""samey"" when you reach higher levels. Since every enemy can have about every ability (with some exceptions), the only thing you'll end worrying about in most cases is which hero should fight which enemy.5.2) Enemy abilities feel uninspired as they only affect themselves, enemies will never actively hamper your heroes' progress. Enemies could have other things like swapping heroes' position, swapping one hero for another, blocking one hero, reducing their range or attack speed, punishing players for clustering heroes too much or leaving them too far from each other…6.1) Another complaint is the lack of runes that can give unique effects like Poisoning enemies, slowing them and similar effects to somewhat emulate other characters.6.2) Lack of variety in weapons. While rune slot upgrades are good it'd give much more character definition having equipable weapons that increases their attack rate, attack strength or range.7) And this feels more like nitpicking from me, but the game getstoo easy onceyou get everything; town upgrades, powerful Epic runes, and weapons maxed. While it does feel immensely good crush Insane difficulty levels that were getting under your skin, that also loses its charm fast. And no, Endless is not a solution for this, Survival Mode in tower defenses never felt accomplishing or anything since, you know, they don't have end. Maybe a fifth difficulty could solve this.8) Camera control. You don't have free control of your camera and more often than not you can end up having an obstacle obstructing your view which may cause anything from an annoyance to costing you the entire map.Final wordsHero Defense - Haunted Island is a hidden gem that is still being polished by Happy Tuesday even after taking off its Early Access status, but it's far from being bad, broken or unplayable. As I've just noted, this game has its issues, feels like it still has a lot of potential, but it's very well worth playing.In the end its lack of diversity of enemies, runes and weapons can make the game feel repetitive for some people, but Hero Defense - Haunted Island was charming enough to keep me captive for good 55 hours (as of this writing). And that's not counting the co-op mode which I haven't tested yet.Knowing Happy Tuesday is still working and releasing patches on *drums rolls* Tuesdays to address known issues and seeing that they at least care enough to ask and answer people in their Community Hub is another good thing I want to point. If you have the chance, give Hero Defense a try."
76561198043623561,Not Recommended,423620,23986865,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Merleot,"Well, what can i say...Game isn't that bad. But for the last 5 years i haven't seen more bugs in ANY other game! I could accept this, if it was an early access. It all started from the main menu. There is some sort of global event going at this moment and almost every second when someone gain item, on your screen apear a message about it. And when it does, you can't click anything, you cant start a new game, you cant check options, or anything like this. You need be precise and click in a moment when message dissapears. Well, ok.When you complete lvl, there are stars that show you progress. If you quit game and return - most of those stars not active untill you play some lvl. Sometimes you cant upgrade your weapon, button is not active, until you exit to main menu and start again.There was a lvl, when wolfman didn't do damage at all!Oh, almost forgot - i bought this game to play co-op. Well, there is NO co-op. so called co-op here is - 1 (one) map. And there is no balance. Not in co-op.When friend invited me to play co-op, i had just finished a tutorial, but didn't repair 1st building when accepted invite. Well, after i returned to single campain, it was not active and i could not do anything. Only to start a new game.Next was pvp, and it's broken, i won to a friend who did 5-6 times more damage, killed 10 times more crips. how did i won? His characters just attacked my crips. And some other small glitches.Update - Just remembered, last mission is broken too, it can be done in 3 minutes and i got about 27k gold and 25 gems.And another - you cant start more than 2 waves earlier, and due to this, you can't get one achievement.If you want to waste some money - buy it.Excuse me for my english."
,Recommended,423620,23966944,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pew pew pew,"IntroductionTower Defense is by far my favorite genre. Therefore I've played already a couple of games, knowing different concepts and ideas.Hero Defense - Haunted Island is (somewhat) unique to a regular tower defense. Instead of building different towers you gain the control of up to 5 heroes. Defending several lines, you have to move appropriate heroes across the map to fight incoming enemies.The heroes itself can be leveled-up on the map, activating runes (boosts), once you've earned enough orbs by killing enemies. Beating a map you will be rewarded with gold and gems, which will be used to unlock more powerful boosts and to upgrade different buildings and weaponry. Unlike a few negative reviews mentioned, it isn't an endless grind, for my taste way too short (15-18 hours playtime).No worries if it sounds weird to you, the tutorial is a prime example of how a tutorial has to be. Many developers can take a leaf out of this book. Very detailed and on point while you are playing the story mode - A+.A short summaryProsunique concept / ideanice graphics, perfectly fits into the gameA+ tutorial, detailed and on pointRPG elements, build your hero to your likingdifferent lines to defendfast forward featureConsoverall too short (for me as TD fan... 14 maps, 4 difficulties)bonus map (after defeating 'count') rewards way too much gold, decreases replay value of other maps and massively decreases time needed to level-up buildings and heroes.too small playerbase for pvp/coop, played just 2 matches yet (for whose who like to pvp/coop)Final thoughtsGet it, definitely worth the money. Just a bit sad that it is so short. :)Edit: SomeScreenshots(compressed by Steam Client -.-)"
,Recommended,423620,21387015,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,1ffland,"[Update]Multiplayer live now! As enjoyable as the rest of the game. Beat me![Early Access Review]You like tower defense games - give that one a try.Biggest difference: You don´t control a nearly unlimited amount of towers to defend yourself but a bunch of up to five distinct heroes that do the job.You can upgrade them, level them and modify their weapon power by different runes that you earn by playing the game.Visuals are gorgeous so it´s a pretty solid buy if you like tower defense games as i said or otherwise you will love the genre after enjoying Hero defense.Waiting for the multiplayer update right now ...."
,Recommended,423620,21191154,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Count Moldy,"I will put it simply, I enjoy this game.I am a casual fan of tower defense games. Never really diving in and only playing here or there. This one had me hooked. Still some slightly rough edges to the game, and no multi-player yet, but I like the direction it has already started on.Progression had a nice satisfying feel to it. There is cause for some grinding on occasion, but it is a pleasant sort. The rune system in place encourages experimentation and I still find myself trying new things and seeing how it works. Devs are fairly active and quickly fix major bugs and strive towards balance. If they keep it up this game will not only be good, it will be great."
76561198037080732,Recommended,423620,21087567,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Gentleman,"Pretty fun game! diferent from other tower defence games, I can recomend it!"
,Not Recommended,423620,33256745,Posted: 4 July,all,truthd,"I was pretty dissappointed with this game. Some of the concepts behind it sounded really interesting, like using heroes in a tower defense. However, it quickly got extremely repetitive and grindy. This is a game that I can't help think needs MORE, more of everything really. More heroes, more tower placement options, more maps, more items, more enemy types, etc.Here is an example, the runes you have to grind for are extremely limited in different types, there are only a handlful of them, and better ones are only a slight increase over the previous one. I don't mind the slight increase part, but they really need to give you more options of the type of runes you can choose from.More choice means more strategic depth rather then pigeonholing you in to the same playstyle for just about every map. This is a game that would shine if it had 20-30 heroes and you had to pick and choose the type of combination you wanted to bring with you. Instead you only get a few heroes, and the game ultimately only got a few hours of my time."
76561198120330268,Recommended,423620,22203692,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mif,"There has been a lot of great reviews for this game detailing the game play, so I won't get into that.I love TDs and I was a bit concerned whether I would like this game - but I love it!I don't mind that there is not a lot to the story - there are loads of gaming elements and that is what matters to me. I like the graphics and the characters, and although you don't have to plan as muc as in a traditional TD (where you can't move your towers) there is still the skills,  runes and shrines to play with.The games is not easy, but you can earn skills and gold and thereby imporve your fighters to help you win. That should help getting 'stuck' on a specific level.The various challenges are different enough to vary the game, although I guess it can turn out to be a bit 'same, same' since the environments in the levels I have played are very similar.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,423620,31616528,Posted: 7 May,all,Zanriel,"This is a fun game, nice presentation. It reminds me a lot of Defender's Quest, which is a pretty big complement. Basically, if you took Defender's Quest, bumped up the graphics (by a lot), and gave it a Halloween vibe, you'd just about have this game. The ""towers"" you get are heroes, and you only get the ones that come with the game. Instead of placing towers you move your heroes around, which gives you lots to do during each map. You also get upgrades in the form of skill unlocks, runes to add to your weapon, the weapons themselves, and various buildings in your town that, when upgraded, give you bonuses.The game isn't easy. I'm not the best gamer in the world but not the worst, and if you just play straight through each map on easy, you'll eventually hit a wall. To get over it, you have to go back and play previous maps on higher difficulties, or in challenge mode, to earn gold, runes, and XP.The game has personality, the different characters have dialog they speak during missions, and there's a bit of a story there.There are a few things I think they could have done a bit better. Choosing maps requires you to scroll through a horizontal list, which is a little clunky compared to just clicking on a map. Also, the camera is zoomed in a bit on maps, requiring you to scroll around to move your heroes where you want them. This wouldn't be so bad except scrolling is either done with mousing to the edge of the screen or using the arrow keys. WASD is reserved for consumables you deploy during fights.I haven't tried the multiplayer, but supposedly it offers both co-op and PVP. I can't speak on it since I don't know how it works, but it's there.All in all though, this is a pretty cool twist on the tower defense genre. The Halloween vibe is awesome if you're into that sort of thing, and I am."
,Recommended,423620,20877487,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,CoastalHaze,"Not my first tower defense game, but the first one to really drag me in immediately and get me hooked. The art design is very smooth and fun, the gameplay has considerable depth, and the difficulty curve is on point. Honestly after a couple hours of gameplay I haven't noticed ANY bugs, nevermind egregious ones that tend to plague early access games.While this game is technically early access, I must say it seems very much like a finished product (with the exception of no pvp implementation yet). The devs seem very involved and respond to forum threads, not just remaining in sticky threads like so many other games."
76561198039280550,Not Recommended,423620,23875139,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sert,"Bugs over bugs..Sadly this game isn't finished yet because it still has alot of bugs. Not even minor bugs, I couldn't progress through the game in the beginning at all, I had to start a new file to fix that issue.Besides the bugs the game is a pretty solid ""Tower"" Defense game, you basically have 5 towers that you can move around freely which is a neat idea.But I cannot recommend the game at this current state, I've encountered way too many bugs which also led into failing a mission, not only once.Bugs aside - the upgrade system of this game is really weird. It's exactly designed like F2P mobile games. It also will get grindy later on if you want to complete everything.I will change this review when new patches roll out which will hopefully eliminate atleast the major bugs which inflict progress/gameplay. Because it is a solid game in its core, just needs some ironing at this point."
76561198003584248,Recommended,423620,20787856,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DukeLukeM,"This Game has a hell of a lot of potential and is very in depth with customization and relatively bug free and fun as hell. I am very impressed since there are a lot of games of this Genre already and to pull off something successful WITH this Genre shows a great deal of determination and knowledge on the Dev's level.- Your heroes are your towers and are already hotkeyed and can be moved at anytime.- Your heroes each have their own set of skills that they bring to the table.- There are many, MANY different customizations of strategies on how you want to build your heroes to YOUR specific playstyle.- You have a town that you build up and upgrade that allows YOU to further customize and boost your heroes and runes, how awesome is that?!- PvP and PvE optimizations and releases on the way!- The Dev's care and cater to the progression of the game by what YOU, the community wants.- Range of Difficulties to try and test even the most HC of gamers.I strongly recommend this title to anyone seeking a change or different experience. I don't really have a game to compare this GEM to and I played a host of diff. TD games."
,Recommended,423620,21108643,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DBLDeathDealer,Got an opportunity to play this for a bit last weekend and I am absolutely enjoying it.  Great change on the idea of a Tower Defense based game and looking forward to the future updates.  Recommend purchase for sure.
76561198045180016,Recommended,423620,32267747,Posted: 8 June,all,Johnny B. Good,"Original review:A lot of fun for quite a while... until you start to get the achievements. At least one is broken, tried it on different maps paying attention to get it done right but to no avail. Frustrating, would refund if I could.__________________________________________________________________________Update:Highly recommended (even more so on a discount) unless you want to get all the achievements: the multyplayer ones... either that portion doesn´t work anymore or at least it doesn´t work for me so that I cannot get those. :(Aside from that quite a fun challenge."
76561198056236167,Recommended,423620,21113500,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,E-dawg,"My feels are a bit mixed when it comes to this game. It has such potential to be a really good game, but as I've encountered the last map within 5-6 hrs, I am left with the feeling that - ""this game is nothing more than OK+"".Pros- You can use multiple heroes- OK skilltree- Upgradability both for characters and buildings- Diversity in minions and minion abilities- Replayability- OK graphicsCons- Pace of Progression (In general)- Slightly annoying controls- No machine units or towers to aid you in battle- A bit repetitive and SUPER predictable- Poor acting/storyAll in all the game makes my thumb point sideways, but i'll still reccomend it. The game is sort of addictive even though it has a couple of flaws.Recommended."
76561197970776743,Not Recommended,423620,24253362,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,morfaine,The whole game feels inconsistent. There's some great ideas but it's like they had a mixed team of greaat devs and poor devs. The artwork is a mixed bag. The 2D art is great. The 3D art is very low rez and feels poor and hazy. The UI feels clunky. It looks good but if doesn't feel right. The gameplay feels good but there's so many little control issues. Overall the game feels feels mediocre and hard to recommend unless you are a real TD fan.
,Recommended,423620,23374519,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,BestPizzaManNA,"Very fun wave defense game! I love these type of games, though was a bit skeptical at first. The characters can be quite customized in terms of play style. I would love to see more content, or a second title :DIf I HAD to find something to cry about, the very small player base... Tried out multiplayer, I think it said 3 players online. I played the same person (the rank #2 on the leaderboards) 3 times in a row. Nothing more off-setting than being mercilessly beaten while trying to figure out the differences from campaign mode.Secondly, although the completionist in me is still going strong, farming for achievements, I am 15 hours in and already beat the last level on the hardest difficulty... again.... and again...All in all, I really enjoy this game and hope to see more people give it some play time :D I've had a blast so far!"
76561197970393768,Recommended,423620,23329966,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,DragonRR,"So if you don\'t like tower defense games then you are looking at the wrong game! This is a really well put together Tower Defense game with great graphics, good sound, some nice characteristation and good voice acting. So far I\'ve played the campaign for a couple of hours. The twist to the normal tower defense game is that you don\'t have towers you have movable heroes with different abilities. Obviously this sounds like moveable towers and to a degree it is but it does make you care about the \""towers\"" more, they have personalities and you get to know them.The game itself is one of those properly designed TDs where you have to think about where to place your forces rather than just place lots of \""tower type A\"" because it is the best one. The hero upgrade paths are complex and add hugely to the overall enjoyment of the game and upgrades really do make a pretty obvious difference.Overall - Great! On a par with the best TDs out there."
,Not Recommended,423620,23846072,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Paul_Wacker,"Hero Defense Haunted Isle is an innovative take on tower defense games.  You get to move 1 to 5 heroes around a map to act as mobile towers, bringing new life to the common RPG term 'Glass Cannon'.Unfortunately the game was clearly designed to be one of those Facebook style Free-to-Play games.  Every single aspect of the game is upgradeable, and each of the upgrades costs more and more in an exponential manner.  Presumably players were initially supposed to pay real world money for the fast track upgrades, but then the developers decided to make it a 1-time cost for Steam.  The framework is still there though and the gameplay suffers because of it.The game has potential to be quite fun, but the design means the progression takes longer and longer, so playing the game for long periods of time will almost inevitably be unpleasant.On the flip side, if you just jump into the game and play it for 30 minutes or so I think you'll have a great time.  Like most RPGs, the progression is fast at the beginning and it's interesting meeting the different characters and exploring their abilities.The game also strings you along as far as the story goes, presumably requiring you to upgrade everything to the arbitrarily imposed 100% before getting the 'real' ending.The Library, for example, where you upgrade your character skills, can be upgraded.  The first 4 upgrades upgrade the top available tier of skills for each character.  But after you upgrade it 4 times, you can still upgrade it!  Well, it says it gives you 100% experience bonus instead of 80% if you upgrade to level 5.  So I figure, this has to be the end.  I upgrade it.  Nope, there's a level 6 that gives 120% experience and has no other relevance.  So at this point I'm not farming the increasingly insane amounts of gold it takes to upgrade this building, because who knows how many levels it has.  Likewise upgrading each character to max would require you to get them to something crazy like level 120, but getting to level 25 took me the entire game to accomplish, so who knows how long it would take to get to lv.120.I wish I could recommend this game, the maps are interesting enough, the monsters and heroes and abilities are fun, but the F2P framework just deters too much."
,Recommended,423620,20919606,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Xilliah,"I really like the rune system. Basically there's 5 characters, each with strengths and weaknesses. You can create your own character build for each one by equipping runes and continously experiment to try to find a good setup. If you're not happy you can easily swap the runes to make a new build. It's quite difficult to get a good setup which I like."
,Recommended,423620,20906655,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,JohnnyRamrod,"This is shaping up to be a really good game. Frankly, for the price, it's already polished enough to warrant purchase (something that is SOOOO not true for a lot of early access games...).It's a decent take on tower defence. Make it hero-based, add in both unique skill trees and upgrades to weapons, and throw in a really nice graphical style that is somewhat reminiscent of Torchlight in my mind. It's fun, diverting and ripe for add ons in the future with new maps, extra heroes etc as well.You could do worse than spend money on this game. For example, you could buy Farming Simulator 2013, or sit on a sharp pin perhaps... Fact: This is a good game at a good price if you like tower defence-style games. Buy it!"
76561197987418739,Not Recommended,423620,23409635,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Coverchrg,"Nice concept, but poor execution and controls leads to a frustrating experience.I had constant problems selecting the characters, needing to click the protrait or number keys several times before the character would select. The only sure way was to click the character on the map, but that caused issues where the characters were standing close together. With how fast the next wave starts, quick and reliable selection of the characters is a MUST.The short time between waves was another issue. Just as I would finish off the last creature of a wave, the first creatures of the next wave were already plodding along the path. By the time my characters would move into position, the wave was already halfway through the map, leaving no time to fully eliminate them in most cases. Combine this with not always being able to clearly tell which path was going to be used and the way the map moves when panning for a completely frustrating experience. I even had to look in the options for map controls since it's not mentioned in the tutorial levels.The difficulty jump between 1 star and 2 star, even on the very first map was way too severe as well."
,Recommended,423620,24445256,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,tieio,"It is a hallow version of a few games like it in this genre, Last Hope comes to mind. Though it lacks a lot of content it does have enough merit on its own to be a pretty fun game. It has charm and I enjoy the characters. It is a very basic story but that just means it isn't over complicated and hard to follow."
76561197970674613,Recommended,423620,23644227,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MedV,"One of the best tower defense games I have ever played.   Deep character (your characters are your ""towers"") development, well calibrated difficulty and progression.  Nice sound and graphics, super stable engine.  Thumbs up all around."
,Recommended,423620,25176882,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GreyMack,Nice addition to the tower defense genre and graphically it's right up there however while i liked it i never loved it.Pro's - Beutifully presented graphically and aurallyNot a mobile portNice upgrade systemCon's - The control system for the characters and the camera were a little clunky in my opinion.Fun in small doses and worth picking up especially in a steam sale
,Recommended,423620,24096729,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AnsonMyPants,"Hero Defense: huanted Island is a very fun and laid back game...when it wants to be. There are maps that kick your butt and keep you on edge the whole time. This is mostly because your heros are not yet developed enough in their skills and or dont have any good rune sets yet. Soon enough you will sink 20+ hours into the game and be ready to take on the hardest challenges each map has.While the rewards for some of the maps are..mehh..most of the satisfaction is from finding that right build to inilate the enemys and beat the map. The REAL tand TRUE challenge this game has would be the Survival maps. This is where you will need to try multiple ways to implement what runes to use and when, what heros to build first, which towers to use and then to change later on because they are no longer effective. DO NOT go into a survival game looking to last long if you didnt come prepaired with a few thousand gems to build and rebuild shrines. otherwise you are toast my friend!I would say MULTIPLAYER is challenging, but only trying to find a game is the challenge. Soo little of people who play, actually play online. There can be many reasons for it, possibly they also gave up trying to find a match and after a few tries they gave up for good. But who knows.I would reccommend this game to anyone who likes tower defence games as this is one of the better ones there are out there. This is not a perfect 10/10 title, nor do i think it trys to be..but i do feel there are many things planned by the devs in the future (either it be dlc or a sequal) that show this series can indeed one day be a 10/10. Dont get this and expect hundreds of hours of gameplay in the single player modes because you wont get it, unless you have no life and no other games to play...or maybe you think Jane Doe is fine as h3ll...then you just need therapy.I rate this title9/10 for createiviaty7/10 for Depth6/10 for replayability9/10 for graphics8/10 for overall"
76561197991239902,Not Recommended,423620,31104496,Posted: 12 April,all,Mauseleum,Nice light hero/tower def. Heavy micromanagement required or farming. If you are into those then be my guest.I expected that I could make a difference by placement or skillpoints usage but not rly. Its just farm farm farm for currency and exp points.
76561198013745949,Recommended,423620,23451231,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dayne87,"I really enjoyed the time I've spent playing this game so far. The characters feel like the embodiment of the classic tower defense tower archetypes, but the mobility of the characters and the special power up ground runes adds a strategy to the game that makes it more interesting than static towers placed along a path.Characters both have different ways of dealing damage and also different strengths. For example, the vampire hunter guy with his crossbow is strong against vampires but weak against most other types of monsters. The priest guy is good against undead with his holy/frozen water damage-wise but can do little more than slow down other monster types. The third character you get is the typical aoe character to stop large, fast streams of week ghoul-like creatures in their tracks. The fourth character seems to me like a heavy-hitting melee type character who fights the larger ghouls and I haven't unlocked the fifth character yet.  Each character feels fleshed out and unique.There are ways to upgrade the weapons of the characters with runes that you can either buy with in-game currency or find for completing missions. Then, as the characters kill waves of monsters, they collect points which allow them to use their weapon powerups in times of need. Each character also has a pretty robust and interesting skill tree that keeps your characters getting progressively stronger as the game progresses.Villagers play an important role as an ""oh crap"" button. A wave of villagers can come streaming out of the town hall every so often to crash into a wave of particularly troublesome enemies. They're best used as a last ditch effort to protect your ""base.""Overall, having played around 1.4 hours so far at the time of this review, I really enjoy this game so far and look forward to completing it and then going back to complete the levels on harder difficulties."
,Recommended,423620,23480826,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Big Dot,"+ Stylish visuals+ Super cheesy dialog (in a good way!)+ Great music+ Fresh take on tower defence+ Lots of replayabilty- Nobody in multiplayer lobby- Lots of achievements that you will never get because they are multiplayer based (see above)Summary: It’s a really fun game, well worth the money. I really like the fact that you can very your strategy a lot more than you can in a traditional tower defence game, but, DEVS YOU NEED TO PROMOTE THIS GAME MORE OR THE MULTIPLAYER IS IRRELEVANT."
,Recommended,423620,28112312,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jasyla,"A fun tower defence game with interesting characters, fun abilities and a stylishly attractive aesthetic. The levels are all different enough and there's a wide range of difficulties, which the player gets to control. The game has a lot of possible customization and levelling up of not only your characters' abilities, but also the town the game takes place in. There's lots of replay value here."
76561198068515444,Recommended,423620,22301069,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Viamp,"Looking for a game that will hook you in and make you not want to stop playing? Then this is by far the best TD game i've played in the past 4 years..All TD games seem to be of similiar play style and become rather boring and repetitive after a day or two..  Hero Defense is still a brand new game and with pro's and con's but it's a game that I will be playing year after year.Help support this game and purchase it to support the Dev's and keep the updates rolling on in!The storyline is quite funny and quirky at times but sadly the campaigns didn't last me anymore than around 11 hours of game time, however I still througly enjoyed playing each map!Coins and Runes are very grindy but i'm sure that this will be ironed out at some stage or in a few updates.Am loving the play style that allows me to move my heroes around and place them at advantage points and smack down a big bonus ring for them to pawn the mobs.!I'll see you on the other side."
76561197983301475,Recommended,423620,20778766,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Awesome, great character personalities and storyline.Comedy horror tower defence with some very fresh mechanics.Rather than placing down offensive/defensive towers, you manually move around your team around the map, each with different attacks and defences. (they become mobile ""towers"").Well designed UI together with some good visuals/sound, and smooth gameplay make this a fun game to play.I find a lot of tower defence games same old type thing, but not this, its very amusing."
,Recommended,423620,23434853,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Gamesjunkie,"Pros:- wonderful graphics- runs smoothly- different, fun take on tower defense- nice rpg element with skills and gem slots-EDIT: pause added to game!Cons:- lack of monster variety- navigating level map a bit annoying (I prefer an overall view rather than having to drag the mouse around or constantly scroll through a level menu)- uneven difficutly spikes leading to the need to grind gold/gems before going on to the next challange- I usually dont pay any attention to story line in this type of game but it's noticeably weak.Overall: I recommend this game to fans of tower defense. It took me a little bit to get used to the controls but once I got past that I had a lot of fun with it.  At 11 hours I am almost finished the campaign which I understands then opens up endless mode. You can also replay levels as much as you like. I have not tried multiplayer at all so I can't comment on that."
76561198034526237,Recommended,423620,20921497,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Thomas,"Extremely short review, because steam didn't want me to post the longer thing.Pros:-Interesting twist on the TD genre with moveable ""towers"".-Lots of customization.cons:-Bad camera controls, which is irritating on large maps because you need to move your heroes around.-Acts like a f2p game, even though it isn't (don't be fooled by the gems, they can be bought with the standard currency at the bank).score: 7/10"
,Recommended,423620,20876111,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,jub,A fresh new Tower Defense game which I enjoyed a lot :) I like the idea of the heroes beeing movable towers.The random waves on each map helps the game to not feel repetitive. Nice skill system for the heroes.And I can't await the Multiplayer aspect of the game!
76561198038370402,Recommended,423620,20863643,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Belrox,"Pretty good game so far, get it now while it's 10% off.  Lots of progression, cool story, tons of things to upgrade, runes to collect to make your team stronger.  Pretty damn good for an early access."
,Recommended,423620,20886234,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Grim Jeer,"I haven't played this game a lot yet, but I like what I see.  Beautiful graphics and a good storyline to accompany novel tower defense play."
76561197996858795,Recommended,423620,20896394,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,birdis0n,Next level TD - Worth it.
,Recommended,423620,20847913,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,-BinarY-,Good and Engaging Game play. Recommended if you are a tower defense genre fan. Good luck to the happy tuesday team. Hope they keep us engaged with new content.
,Recommended,423620,25122754,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pier,"One of the few TD games on Steam that isn't a silly mobile port.Graphics, gameplay, strategy, etc are all great.The UI can be scaled which is always a plus for playing on the couch.Sadly there is no controller support, and playing with a Steam Controller can be tedious on more difficult levels. It would be easier if the devs implemented a key to rotate between heroes instead of relying only on the numbers."
,Recommended,423620,29361502,Posted: 19 January,all,Folcro,"I enjoyed it; it's well made, even if the stop-motion movement of the enemies can be a bit of an eye-sore for some.It is very short, and not worth the full price of 14.99 USD in my opinion. Out of the 12 hours I spent, a good portion of that was grinding for better items, level ups and upgrades only to breeze my way through the second half of the game, including the final ""boss"" level.Again, it's well made; this is not one of those cheap asset flips or poor ports. I found it ran just fine. It got challenging at the higher difficulty levels, but only in that you need to grind for better items; if you're having trouble with a certain level or challenge, it's probably not your strategy that's the problem. As far as TD goes, I give this one a 7/10 and mainly because of the inovation (this squad-based strategy isn't for every TD fan though). At 4.99 USD this is a much more solid purchase."
,Recommended,423620,29265102,Posted: 14 January,all,[LOST] joe_deertay,"Due to the kind nature and explanation the developer has offered regarding my review. I am rescinding the bit about the microtransactions, because of this I would highly recommend the game, because aside from the gems aspect, everything else (While maybe being a tad unbalanced and encountering some quirks with the turorial) the game wasn't bad and I could see myself enjoying this. To add to this, there are no microtransactions in this game whatsoever, but perhaps gems wasn't the best choice._______________________________I didn't have much of a chance to play the game, and for me that's unfortunate because it did truly look promising. I don't often enjoy requesting refunds for games, because I really try to find reasons to stick around and like them. If you'll take the time to read my review, you may come to understand my grievances and make a decision for yourself on whether or not you will purchase this game._______________________________Here's a few things I liked about the game: (Pros)_______________________________-Simple GraphicsI think visually, this game is pretty appealing. It's one of the things that drew me into it. I think the designers did a pretty bang up job on the overall aesthetic-Simple UI/Easy to useI really liked how simple everything was laid out for the most part, I've seen some prenty clunky UI's before and I think this is one of the most simple ones I've used, and visually it's really appealing too.-Cool Building/Upgrades SystemThe two buildings I found and got the opportunity to use were the Academy and the Weapons upgrade building, the Academy offered a talents based system which was pretty cool and I liked some of the talents offered, the weapons building allowed you to upgrade and augment weapons-Easy TutorialAside from the hiccups which I will list in the Cons section, the tutorial was pretty easy and gave me a pretty good idea of what I was doing-Cool MapsThe maps were pretty well done, I liked the overall aesthetic from choosing a map to play on to actually going into the game and playing on the map itself_______________________________And here's the many things I didn't like: (Cons)_______________________________Unfortunately while I wanted to give this game a chance, for the $15.00 price tag it genuinely wasn't worth it to me. I've played plenty of other games around the same price and received significantly more content, that is much more polished. Perhaps it's unethical to compare other games with this, but I feel like it's reasonable to do that;when you pay $15.00 and get a really good game that you like, you come to expect something of the same or really similar quality for that price.Here's WHY I don't recommend you buy this game.-The TutorialI know I said the tutorial above was simple, which it was, I have a complaint. While the tutorial was explaining what to do, the monsters in the game continued to move, this really annoyed me because I ended up losing that round because I was trying to read and understand what I was doing, I don't know why but it really rubbed me the wrong way. The other thing that really bothered me was the dialogue popups for the tutorial. They literally come up right in the middle of the screen and they overlap buttons, creatures, everything. I feel like the placement is really invasive, and even after I thought I completed the tutorial, the game was still 'barking orders' and holding my hand through a couple missions. It really bothered me, I just wanted to play at that point but I had to deal with random popups-TalentsWhile the talents that were available were kinda cool, there was like 8 of them per character. I was really concerned with this because I knew that once I max out those talents there's not really much more progression beyond that aside from augmenting and improving my weapons, which might be enough for some people, but I really look for more of that end game content early on because for me it's something to set goals for, and I didn't feel like I could keep myself hooked on talents and weapon upgrades alone-Poor BalancingTo be honest, the initial maps while being very visually appealing, are extremely short in length, I'm sure they get longer as you progress through the game; however because of the short length, the poor balancing became extremely noticeable. Even after completing the tutorial the next 1 or 2 missions right after that were relatively difficult (Was forced to use 'freeze' powerups) and I almost lost some lives because of some enemies being too powerful. I understand how the game works with some heroes being stronger to certain enemy types, and I assure you with the utmost confidence that I do/did understand how the mechanics worked and that it wasn't a personal struggle causing me to have difficulty killing creatures. The poor balancing was obvious-The deal breaker, MicrotransactionsThis was what did it for me, I really wanted to give this game a chance, I thought maybe, you know for $15.00 I could live with minimal talents, having some weapons upgrades, etc. everything else wasn't a huge concern. But upon entering into the game in the top right corner I noticed the little Gem icon, and a little 'uh oh' went off in my head.I thought to myself ""Joe, don't freak out just yet, it's all gonne be okay, maybe they allow people to buy gems just for cosmetics."", unfortunately that was a lie.Upon entering the weapons shop, I discovered, to my dismay, that they allowed people to purchase what appeared to be 'legendary' (Orange) weapons augments for 500 Gems/Diamonds, and also in order to upgrade your weapon with diamonds. Being that this game offers Co-Op, PVP, and Ranked matches, I figure this will give players an unreasonably fair advantage over other players that do not intend to purchase Gems/Diamonds.If you can really support a developer that makes you purchase a game for $15.00 and then hits you with a 'paywall' (Essentially forcing you to purchase gems to enhance your character to a point where you can further progress in the game), by all means purchase this game; everything but the microtransactions wasn't too awful, and I could see why some people may like this game. However I do feel that the game was poorly balanced to give players more incentive to purchase diamonds to augment and enhance their character.Personally, I cannot support a developer that charges $15.00 for a game that allows you to purchase and upgrade/enhance your equipment with gems. I totally wouldn't care or even make a big deal about it if it were cosmetics, but we are talking about the potential for giving one player an advantage over another. If I spent $100.00 in gems, it wouldn't be fair to Billy Joe Bob from Arkansas who didn't buy any gems at all. I've come to expect gear enhancing microtransactions from free games, or even cosmetic microtransactions from purchased games; however when a game that you purchased supports gear enhancing microtransactions. I cannot, and will not stand behind it or it's developers.I'm not some guy who doesn't support developers at all, I understand there are costs for server maintenance, etc. But there are BETTER types of microtransactions to add to your game to generate revenue, but to allow players to gain an advantage over one another based upon who has the bigger pocketbook, in my eyes, extremely unethical; to be honest I'm a tad shocked that nobody else who has reviewed the product has taken issue with this._______________________________I hope that for many of you that may read this, this will allow you to make an educated decision on whether or not you intend to purchase the game. Whether or not you get it it is up to you, but as stated initially in this review, I personally wouldn't recommend this game to ANYONE for the reasons listed above._______________________________"
,Recommended,423620,23389029,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,JayPea21,Like all the best hero defense games in Warcraft 3 custom games except with much better art and sound.Lots of fun and worth the cheap price.
,Recommended,423620,22660366,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Gingerrific,"Probably one of my favourite TD games that I have played.  I really liked the hero aspect and the runes are a blast once you get the hang of them.There is more than enough in the game to keep you coming back for more, so dont let the price scare you away."
,Not Recommended,423620,23641988,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,RadGH,"Bought this game seeing that it had co-op mode. Started it up with my friend. Lost immensely on the first level. But it said VICTORY anyway. Though it immediately kicked us out of multiplayer and we didn't make any progress.Apparently you can't play the campaign co-op exclusively. No idea what this co-op mode seems to be but this is definitely not playable co-op without playing the original game, apparently.I think it's just co-op scenarios, but I didn't care enough to find out."
,Recommended,423620,29485387,Posted: 25 January,all,r.kungfu,"Fun and Beuatiful graphicit's seem like the other TD games , but this game you have NO tower.you just take control all your heroes run all the map and defence the horde of evil.7/10"
76561198050379221,Recommended,423620,25448455,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rotslayer,"A creative and addictive entry into the tower defense genre: mobile upgradeable towers! which also happen to be people! with campy voice acting! I don't think it will convert many new fans to the genre as the core mechanics are not too different from a more standard TD game, but if you've never played one Hero Defense is worth giving a shot. It's like Monkey King Saga done better.The game does make you grind at certain points (like MKS) to gain enough levels or get enough money to upgrade and win certain stages, but it isn't horrible unless you are a completionist, in which case stay away if you are trying to get off the smack. I fully upgraded all my characters and all their weapons, beating all the stages on all difficulty levels and still only have 18 of 43 achievements as of writing this. There are too many multiplayer achievements that are not even worth bothering to try to get.Speaking of which, I myself haven't bothered to try multiplayer vs. or co-op since I am a bit burnt out on the game after getting everything in single player - and I'm not sure I ever will - but the game definitely held my attention (as a TD fan) and I got through most of it in 3 - 4 days.If you like tower defense games, this game is a great buy. If you don't like TD games, why are you still reading this?"
,Recommended,423620,23965196,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kami,"It's fun, for a while...Graphics are nice, sound is nice, gameplay is pretty nice. It's all nice. But after you bear the ""story"" (and it's pretty easily done) there really is no point in continuing to play the game. It just becomes this grind to get xp/gold/daimonds to upgrade your chars/town so you can beat ever level on the highest difficulty. But there is no point in doing it, there is nothing more to unlock and even for a competionist, if feels unrewarding. I can't even be bothered with the achivs since so many of them are tied to multiplayer and some really crazy grinding.Get it when it's on sale for a few hours of fun. But it's not the new Defense Grid for me."
,Recommended,423620,23958751,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Daedalus2112,"Great TD game! There are some new, interesting game mechanics in this.  The weapon/rune system is a great idea, and with swapping out some of the runes, you can totally change the dynamic of a fight.  The dynamic of moving your ""towers"" is fun, and handled well.I highly recommend this game for TD fans, and those who are on the fence about TD but want something more dynamic/interactive."
,Recommended,423620,25128736,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,|UKMD| oldgreydude,A very fun Tower defense game with a twistHas a nice little story to go with itThe skill trees & upgrade system are very goodIf your into TD games do give this a try
,Recommended,423620,28414207,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kahlraxin,"Great tower defense games with several interesting mechanics.  I like the fact that you can change certain points on the map to boost 1 of your characters specificall, or add a generic buff that applies to all characters.I like the mobility of the heroes, and the damage model as well.Lastly, the game runs very smoothly with all graphics turned up, but there appears to be sufficient tuning to achieve good frame rates even with a slower processor/graphics card.Overall this feels like a well balanced, well optimized game.Great stuff!"
76561198007513026,Recommended,423620,25662320,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"It took me a bit of time to get into the game, partly because the rules weren't that well explained.Once I figured it out the game was a lot of fun. Not your standard tower defense game. Everything is well done although the controls seem to be a bit unresponsive. When using the keyboard to select the different heroes sometimes a keypress didn't seem to respond. Or maybe it was just me, like any TD game when things get busy it is pretty hectic."
,Not Recommended,423620,23865338,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CPY,"Bugs bugs everywhere! Want to play a map? NOPE! You get stuck in mission select screen and you can only ALT-F4 out of the game!Game CONSTANTLY SPAM you with useless♥♥♥♥♥♥that is not relevant to your game. Like why the ♥♥♥♥ do i even care that some roflzor got some rune. I play this game I only care what I get!Best part is, until all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spam is finished, you can't play the game so enjoy minutes of fun time reading, Bigkahuna won rune, Mrfreezy won rune, GeeMcCrabby won a ticket, BoatyMcBoatface won a rune, Troll won nothing but game stills spams you.Buy only if it's cheap 50%+ discount or you'll regret it. With 50%+ discount game is actually tolerable."
,Recommended,423620,24063114,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,crazykone,"Nice Tower Defense, but with movable charaters.Singleplayer feels to short, but events make up for it.8/10.Please add more maps/content."
,Recommended,423620,24035932,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dobra,"If you like tower defence and micro management this game is for you !don't listen to the bad comment that say its not a tower defence because there is no towers, its a new way to play tower defence, devs are very actives to fix bugs and are playing with playersabout the difficulty its hard enough to manage 5 heroes + spells and thinking at the same time about the next wave kind/buffs/direction etc.Theres multiplayer + PvP and i hope more to come !Keep up the good work guys."
,Recommended,423620,24111425,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mighty_Marcos,I like the variation of tower defense with a limited number of towers (characters) and having to move them around to change tactics on the fly.I really enjoyed this.
,Recommended,423620,24175150,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Oxenfree,"It was addicting enough for me to where I played it 6 hours straight the first night & finished it right under 2 more hours the next day. I was hoping for a game as good as this but with standing towers yet I was still very happy with the idea of being able to move around a hero to stop mobs from getting through. Overall, if you liked playing the old school custom map Defense games on the first StarCraft back in the day like I did and are looking for something more new school, then I think you'll wanna give this a try."
,Recommended,423620,32895658,Posted: 27 June,all,Super Duper Shark,Simple yet challenging tower defense game.Great for casually playing on the side when you need a break from more robust AAA titles.
,Recommended,423620,33710015,Posted: 21 July,all,Hello Cabbage,"Very high quality Tower'ish Defense game.  Graphics are solid, sound is fantastic, gameplay is incredibly addictive, voice acting is humorous, but effective.If you like Tower Defense, you'll very likely enjoy this one."
76561198009037427,Recommended,423620,24420728,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,an_nihilist,"I haven't reviewed many tower defense games, but after chatting with the devs on twitch and playing through the campaign I can say this was certainly fun and a worthy variant to the tower defense genre. I would advise you to get it if it $10 or less if you are on the fence.TL;DR The devs are cool and made a fun game."
,Recommended,423620,24085905,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cookie,"This is an excellent addition to my collection of Tower Defense games.  There is a system for upgrading each of the 5 heroes independently by skills and runes, the combination of those which dictate the damage and special abilities.  Each of them has a different angle to their play but the main use for the characters is that they each do really well against a specific enemy type.  Example: If you have a line of vampires coming, bring out the vampire hunter... if you have zombies bring out the little pyro girl with flaming pumpkins.Pros:- Great, polished graphics- Reasonable storyline (I require no story in my tower defense play, so this was a nice addition)- Lots of variability in the maps and special ways to play a map- Excellent mesh of a lot of various tower defense games that I have enjoyedCons:- Every so often when I move across a map the camera goes to some really inconvenient angle.  (Hoping for a patch on it but not critical.)- Slightly odd menu system, it takes some getting used to.Did not try:- Multiplayer- PVP8/10, would buy this again.  If you like tower defense, you should as well."
76561198010365747,Recommended,423620,20814364,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Boyinleaves,"Pretty darn good riff on the TD genre.Great ""tower"" (character) customisation options. The Skill trees are functional and don't really offer a lot of variety (as you'll eventually unlock everything), but the Rune system for varying upgrade options is excellent and allows some interesting synergies and styles.Only 5 ""towers"" (characters), but each of them is completely unique and has their own strengths and weaknesses. They're also mobile, and may even benefit from constant management, meaning this game is much more active than many TDs.Some clever level design. Some of the levels are a little bland, but others have multiple paths, sub-objectives, objects that block line of sight, and shrines that buff your characters.Good variety of difficulty. Map length ranges from a minute or two to half-hour grindfests. Challenges are available for each level and many are unique.All in all, good little TD with some dedicated developers. Single player campaign is feature complete and is just being tweaked at this point. Buy and enjoy."
76561198071185520,Recommended,423620,23438875,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,GuPPiΞsLuShPuPPψ,"This game is not bad at all... I like the graphics and the gameplay. It is quite fun and can keep you busy for a few hours. There is somewhat grafting needed in order to progress through the campaign.Through my few hours of gameplay, i would suggest this game. Its a nice spin on standard tower defense games. The only thing that is not really to my taste... is the multiplayer.You go through all the trouble of leveling your heroes in the campaign mode... then step into the multiplayer, only to find out that none of your heroes are your heroes... let me rephrase... you dont have the same skill points and you dont have the same runes. It is like having to level from the start again.Although, multiplayer being the way it is, allows for newer players to be fairly competitive to older players. The dev's are still rolling out new updates even though the game could be considered a finished product in it's current state.If you like tower defense, then this game is for you..."
,Recommended,423620,22148898,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"Really enjoyable Tower Defense game with gameplay that is very intuitive if you've been playing TD games any time in the last ten years, with hero units instead of towers. They fill very ""tower-like"" roles and the gameplay is well-designed to be very much a true TD-genre title, but I personally really enjoy the mobility and quick (but measured) pace that having movable hero units gives you. It's still in early access, but it's quite polished already when it comes to gameplay, with only a few minor quibbles I personally have (e.g. I feel the lack of a grid while still having essentially grid-restricted placement leads to some confusion when you're not trying to have one hero displace another, just get close - that's my biggest gripe, honest, and you get used to it quickly).I understand they're still working on balance in some areas. Having played quite a bit now, I feel they're doing a stellar job here - the only hero that I feel could use some work is Jane Doe, but all of the others scale from decent to beastmode over the course of their upgrade paths. Jane Doe is still quite good, by the way, just a little less effective in my experience (still capable of beating levels solo, by the way).I do feel like the game's description of your likely chances of beating a level are pretty wonky, but that's a quick thing to figure out and the secret is just play more and get your heroes and town stronger. I imagine that might get a tuning pass later, but all it is is the game's guess whether you will succeed or not and how hard it'll be. Early on it overestimates your chances, and later on it seems to underestimate them somewhat.The take-away from this review should be that I am having to really dig to find tiny quibbles! The main gameplay and everything is really well done. This is potentially a worth-full-price indie title, and that's not a common situation :)This is gonna be a 10/10 title for a small studio, hop on now if you want to join in the fun early. This is the second-best early access experience I have ever had with a title, with top honors going to Crate for their Grim Dawn Early Access period... These guys are right up there, though. Excellent offering, great price, get it if you dig Towder Defense and are looking for some tweaks on the gameplay that'll freshen things up without tossing out your intuition and ability playing TD games. It might also be a lot of fun to get MOBA players into Tower Defense, but I imagine it'll find more of a home with true TD fans."
,Not Recommended,423620,21956591,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,nauith,"I found the camera movement and controls a bit tedious (RPG angles don't work so well when you need to keep an eye on the entire gamefield); lots of busywork: panning the camera around, looking for pickups, repositioning heroes. Less room for strategy. The game felt a bit like style over substance and ergonomics.Most of the skill choices are just more damage, more speed, more range (which are duplicated in other progression systems in the game). Generally number tweaking rather than interesting interactions. The heroes are basically just towers: shoot, shoot, shoot; and you can only have one of each type. You don't have the ability to scale to demands that you would expect in a TD, or the ability to fire off spells in rapid succession that you would expect in RPGs. Instead all you can really do is chant ""shoot harder"" or ""go over there"".Of course, it's early access, but the current price seems steep to me."
,Recommended,423620,23987458,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Flurg,"Great tower defense. Single player, co-op, and pvp modes are very well done. The game itself is a combination of hero managment coupled with heavy tower defense elements, as well as RPG elements for upgrading/customization of runes."
,Recommended,423620,23960218,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Grepster,This game has grown on me over time.  I breezed through the first half of the campaign with no issues then hit a wall.  It was frustrating but I went back through and leveled up doing some of the early levels on medium and then had no issues finish it out.  I'm not happily completing hard and insane mode on maps and enjoying myself greatly.
76561198155743156,Recommended,423620,28580907,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mlift,"Okay, after a good night sleep, I attempted this game again and reverse my previous opinion.  I do recommend this game.  While it is a bummer that I missed out on the sale price, I believe this game will provide $15 worth of value.  I don't know exactly what I did different, perhaps I just found a combination of runes that worked well enough for me to start getting some traction.  Get this game now while it’s on sale.Previous review 12/23:This game is a kick in the crotch.  First blow, I bought it full price.  Goodbye Righty.  I had a pleasant first few hours playing the game thinking, “Cool, I can rank my characters” and “Thank God my skill purchases aren’t permanent…”  all the while I was left thinking, “Damn, am I missing something, cause this game seems more difficult then need be...”  Nonetheless, the work week is upon me and I can’t play because I’m working, so I do the next best thing and start reading reviews, guides, and watching videos.  So, after a satisfying 64-hour work week, I want to relax and recharge, so I’m going to put everything I’ve studied to work…Characters = level 19Optimized skills for what I want to do (farm gold)Set difficulty to hard… lostAnd lostAnd lostAnd lostWTF?Okay, let me try a more difficult level but put it on easy difficulty…Lost first wave.BAM. And I see the game is half off.  See ya Lefty.  “Vote in the Steam awards! Game most likely to kick you in the crotch!” Yeah, because it sucks.I’m old.  I’ve been around gaming for a bit.  I’ve played playable tower games.  This game sucks. Really?  I lose on easy level with 4 characters at level 19?I was desperate.  Don’t be like me.  Don’t buy games when you’re desperate, because this is what you get…a kick to the crotch. Thanks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags, not only did I gave you $15, I have to continue searching for a game to play.  Merry Christmas."
76561198069777724,Recommended,423620,29072436,Posted: 6 January,all,"Hogga, doesn't speak Russian",New fresh idea on Tower defense category. Highly recommended
,Recommended,423620,23930100,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[GER]SeraphimZero,Nice Tower Defense! Had a lot of fun the last days.But a rework of the upgrades would be nice. Most of them are to expencive with only minimal use.
,Recommended,423620,29703423,Posted: 4 February,all,Tante Marta,"The Game has a great potential, I had some fun but the mechanics are not well thought through the end.- Heroes (leveling them does not feel rewarding at all)- Talents (I have tons of Talentpoints which can't be spend anymore)- Currency (Gold and Gems, both are hard to get and spending them is also not rewarding)- ...more in other reviewsIt feels like a p2w Game but it isn't(suprised that gems can't be purchased).I only have that much hours played because I commited myself farm hours of hours for gold/gems.I give this Game a Thumps up because I hope the devs still care about this game and maybe improve it in the future.Give it a try :/"
76561197979949778,Recommended,423620,23414512,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bismarck <3,10/10  very fun TD game.recommended
76561198054382565,Recommended,423620,33387642,Posted: 8 July,all,ZKingOdin,"Hero Defense is a Tower Defense game with an attempt at RPG elements. The game has 5 towers/Heroes, so do not confuse this for a TD that has towers & heroes. I do enjoy the game but this is not a game for everyone. I personally feel the game is very grind heavy when at times it shouldn't be, stages don't really have a learning curve they have a ""grind curve"". Example in a two star level you may be able to beat it with 3 heroes with no problem, the third star... well now expect to spend another 1 hour grinding out ""hero/tower"" levels & money to upgrade your weapons in hopes you'll get the runes you need. I say ""Grind Curve"" because you don't have to change up your strategy you just have to ""grind"" till you can beat the level. Look at the achievements, look at “master blacksmith” & “Savior” hardly anyone has achieved these yet this is a main part of the game. The grinding just doesn't feel that rewarding very often in this game. The game play is super smooth and the game is fun, well worth the $ I spent on it while it was on sale. P.S. Yes I would purchase DLC if they had it especially if the DLC including several new “Heroes/towers”I personally thought 2 of the voice actors & their voice acting (especially jack) was horrible.Pros:Ok storyGame PlayArt/GraphicsSome elements outside of just leveling your ""tower/hero""Unique (towers/heroes)Fun Levelslow end learning curveEach Stage is uniqueCharacter Designs are greatCons:Grind HeavyRepetitive because of 5 heroes/towers“Jack” (his voice is annoying and the voice actor is horrible).Falls short just simply due to the lack of content.Feels like there is more to come... but there isn't"
,Recommended,423620,24213186,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Albarra Dian,"All in all, this game is fun, bug and everything doesnt botherUnique TD? check,RPG in character? check,Grinding? yes but still in the sweet spot,Overprice? i think not, i buy this at steam summer sale, but if i know the level of fun i'm getting at, i wont regret buying at full price (i buy most of my td games at full price - bloon td, defense grid, gemcraft etc all of them at full price - different account)Cheesy stories? yes, very. The last td games with story is defense grid (which left a bad taste for me)for a short stop burst of TD game? yes, each level could take 5-10minutes which is ok if you want short stop td gamesMultiplayer? its available but i havent played it yetYou wont regret buying this one, the only thing that stopping me playing this game too long is factorio, that game is the devil of automation and upgrades, but that's another story."
76561198024050400,Recommended,423620,28900896,Posted: 1 January,all,iHugTrees ^_^,"Very unique TD... Was put off initially, as I move heroes around the map, and level them up.  Rather than building static towers.After each map, I can spend the money on upgrading buildings, or buying heroes 'cards'.8.5/10 for the gorgeous art, and good gameplay. Just a little delay in-between maps and home (hardly game-breaking)."
,Not Recommended,423620,33442789,Posted: 10 July,all,Wee-Free-Man,"Sadly this game misses being an outstanding title by introducing grinding as a core concept.Beautiful design and a fresh approach to tower defense can not make up for forced repetition of the same levels over and over again.Adding to this is the fact that a spent resource is spent no matter what. For example if you use gems to build a shrine (a buff for your heros) and want to restart the level to try something different your ressources are not reset. So you have to go back to another level and do that again only, and I mean only, because there is nothing new in terms of skills or enemies, to farm resources. This might be fun for a few hours but it becomes a chore when you need ressources only to advance in the story, which is by the way not worth mentioning.This game is a good idea not thought through properly. Some player might like doing repetetive stuff and grinding but I'd rather play defense grid for the 6th time than giving me this tedious and in the end rather boring failed attempt to reinvent the wheel."
76561198014312542,Not Recommended,423620,32810606,Posted: 26 June,all,Cine,"Way too much grinding for a paid game. Although if you just wanna finish story mode, its too easy."
76561198253847354,Recommended,423620,24394519,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Manwue,"Interesting game, kept me entertained for some time. I would recomend it even to non-TD fans."
76561198068548024,Recommended,423620,24458440,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,shadowq8,"The game is very good ... I wish I loved her development where to stay best game defense ..Imaging which is excellent and the music is very impressive, the entire board in the second world does not want to get out of the game this gorgeous and spirited Shi."
76561197971592730,Recommended,423620,24706981,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,etraman,"Great game, nice story with good characters. Tower defense with a twist."
76561198004431761,Recommended,423620,24556069,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ShortFighter88,Very Fun and have full control over your characters. What's cool is that your able to add this runes and level your characters  up.
76561198017335840,Recommended,423620,22512800,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Blood,Best early access game ever? Probably not. But it is fully playable and there are constant updates.
,Recommended,423620,26220843,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Salehwood,awesome tactical tower defense game. instead i should say Hero Defense game.i love the controling of the heros instead of towers for a change. upgrade is nice and involving.16 hrs over 2 months and i've almost finished the game. defenit buy if you are a fan of TD.
76561198113247644,Not Recommended,423620,24197695,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Raon,"THIS GAME IMO:First of all: Over-priced. Unfinished. Lazy made game.-Jack shoots arrows from his♥♥♥♥♥♥-Every hero counters one kind of enemy and that is it, they are really useless against anything else.-Just one monster(five kinds: skeleton, zombies, vampires, ghouls and werewolves) with the same sprite over and over again.-Grindy and extremely repetitive gameplay.-Innovative in hero system and moving method that is fun to play.-Hard to master.-Very challenging and requires precise tactics to beat every stage.-Cant co-op campaign.-Co-op is very overwhelming if you haven't unlocked all characters and beaten the game and has a good set of equipment.-Not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,423620,23979530,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Some1xx,"Hero defence is a tower defence game which I was hoping to really enjoy but left me feeling somewhat disappointed.It's got some good ideas with using up to five heroes which can move around instead of towers in fixed locations.You can level up the heroes weapons and attach runes to sockets which effects their attack in the game when you 'charge' them up - the equivalent of upgrading a tower in other TD Games.The heroes gain experience when you complete a level and gain permanent levels which reward you with skill points, these allow you to upgrade each heroes skills in their own tech tree.Unfortunately there are too many problems with the game which really lets it down.Firstly, there's very few enemy units. There are 5 monsters which are each weak to a different hero and then several similar bosses. At some points you need to decide which hero to bring into the field and where's best to place them but when you have all five out and there's only one.. and on some occasions two.. kinds of monster wave it really doesn't matter because you just put all five heroes together where the monsters are coming from and destroy them without any tactic needed.Next, there are very few maps available, The game is padded out by having to repeat maps on a higher difficulty which gives you a star for each difficulty you complete each map on,  however, you only need 17 stars to unlock the last level required for the final boss making the campaign really short. There's an additional map but that's only a requirement of 24 stars, given that you can get over 50 stars it makes half of the level difficulties pointless besides getting a higher reward. This leads onto another problem I have with the game..Grinding.. in order to advance in the game you need gold coins and gems.. at first it's a reasonable amount but after a few levelling up the amount drastically increases. To upgrade weapons, it costs 5, 10, 20, 40, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600 gems.. This needs to be done for all 5 weapons for a total of nearly 11k gems.There's 2 ways of getting the gems, first is by completing challenges on the maps, Each map has one challenge which will reward you with a number of gems, completing them on easy gives you 5, normal gives 10, hard gives 15 and insane gives 20. These increments are so small and doesn't match up with the difficulty and time it takes to complete them making Level 1 on Easy being the quickest way to farm them.. meaning to get the required gems for levelling up your weapons you will need to repeat the exact same thing 2,175 times. Even if you did the farming on insane it's still 544 times you will need to complete them but these are a lot harder and can be less reliable to complete as well as take longer than doing Easy 4 times. This leaves you with more loading time than game time.Gems can also be used to upgrade the forge which give a small improvement to your heroes and this can cost more than upgrading weapons. There's two rune packs you can purchase using gems, one is 100 gems and the other is 300 gems.All of this adds up to an absolute ridiculous amount of farming maps over and over and over again and not giving you anything new to do.The second method of obtaining gems is buy converting gold coins into gems at the bank, To get the most efficiency out of this you need to upgrade the bank allowing you to trade in higher amounts of gold for a better ratio of gems and a higher discount on the cost but to upgrade the bank it costs a lot of gold coins in the first place so it will take a while to farm the gold before you can get a nice amount of gems coming in from the bank as well. You will also need the gold to upgrade the academy which allows you to level up the heroes skills and gain more XP.Having this second currency and the stupidly high amount required suggests it was intended to be a premium currency for a Facebook/mobile game where you can buy your way through and not having to do this grinding. While it's nice that there aren't micro-transactions they seem to have forgotten to make the game a little more friendly to get by playing the game.The interface (dragging the heroes onto the level) and the fixed camera angles also suggest that it was aimed for mobile gaming. While I can just about tolerate them both they're not exactly great.Once you've completed the campaign there's an endless mode, this has 500 waves so it's not endless as such but it's extremely difficult to achieve given that even with a highly decked out team of heroes you are massively out numbered and they seem to take a lot of damage so getting through the first few waves can be a challenge.. Unfortunately unless you win all 500 waves the reward you get is absolutely horrible and not worth the time and effort it takes leaving endless mode pointless unless you want to just burn some time for the sake of it.My final problem with this game is the multiplayer, I find the whole system for it terrible.There's two modes.. PvP and Co-op.PvP can be done in ranked or a friendly match, There's only a couple of maps available for this and works by picking one of the three monsters displayed to be sent to your opponents side of the map. Personally this doesn't appeal to me and find it really dull. You're given a decent collection of runes to set up your heroes so you don't need to worry about other people being able to get a greater setup than you which is nice.Co-op, which is what I got the game for, is abysmal. There's one map and that's it.On top of that you need to unlock your heroes in the campaign so co-op isn't fully available to you until both players have progressed enough through the campaign meaning you can't jump right into this mode - like I did which was a shot in the leg for me. After we both unlocked characters and got some better set up we still found ourselves out numbered and unable to deal with the first few waves.The devs have said they plan on changing this very soon to allow people to be able to jump in quicker without having to progress through the story first, I'm not sure if that will change the difficulty and setup or not. So this may still mean you will need to grind for gems/money to get better runes and levelling up your heroes plus their skills.Currently at the time of writing this, there's an event going on which rewards players with gems and money a few people can also win rune bags which contain runes I believe and tickets which can get you Razor products as a prize these can also gain you ""additional rewards"" which i assume will be gold/gems, Steam keys for the game can also be won. These are rare to get but what makes this annoying is that each time a person wins any of these a message is displayed across the screen and are incredibly irritating and distracting. (there's also a bug that prevents certain features working while these messages are displayed which can take several minutes to finish displaying)Overall, the game has some nice ideas, an interesting concept for a Tower Defence game but there's such a lack of content that makes the game feel underwhelming unfinished. The grinding in the game is not in the slightest bit fun.You can get some hours of entertainment and might be worth it when it's on sale (I bought at 70% off and is a reasonable price) but at full price and in its current state it's not worth it in my opinion.A lot of work needs to be done to this game to make it  friendlier to play and more content is needed before I can recommend this at full price or as a finished game. I hope that changes are made to fix these problems because it has a really good chance of being a great game and different from all the other TD games available.Sorry that it's such a long review but I feel that a lot of these needed to be addressed and things I wish will get tweaked to be a more enjoyable game as I really wanted to like this."
76561198086891540,Not Recommended,423620,23532622,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,topazdragon,Controls and camera angles are horrible. Heros are hard to control. The camera is also hard to control and it can't move or rotate nearly as much as it needs to.
,Recommended,423620,23890043,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pla'meni hellcase.com,Nice game :)
76561198140676197,Recommended,423620,26578357,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Banisher,"Good game! But chinese plz, thx."
76561198034552591,Recommended,423620,26404778,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Swirls,Beat it in one sitting. (Pre Halloween Content) It was alright. Worth it on a sale. Debatably worth it at full price.
,Recommended,423620,23338519,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Texnoz,"Highly recommended, kept me busy 10 hours straight! One of the few games I've actually quite enjoyed in 2015/2016."
76561197992195987,Not Recommended,423620,23763343,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,johnmorse,Didn't like the control scheme.  I found it difficlut to get the characters to go where I wanted and to control the map.  Just ended up being frustated.
76561198030781942,Recommended,423620,22765315,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Raditz,"Decent art. The game seems to be designed for mobile. The animation seems to be 2d frame based (for mobile performance?). A lot of weird controls. For example, you have to drag to move the camera instead of putting the mouse cursor at the edge of the view. You have to select hero and then click again to move them. It's also annoying that one hero can override another one on the same tile because you want to move 2 heroes at the same time but you want the correct one to stand on the shrine. Overall a decent game."
,Recommended,423620,23332795,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Warchief,I was pleasantly surprised by this. Nice little time waster
,Recommended,423620,21005865,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dybala excentré,Gimme my Pillar of Community Badge ! But this still a great game...
,Recommended,423620,20986549,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,cogi,yes
,Recommended,423620,23687847,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Schlimbo,Really nice peace of work! One of the best TD games yet.
76561198014114582,Not Recommended,423620,24044519,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,hurmeli,"This game is really shallow in my opinion. Heroes have no triggered special abilities, so mostly it's just placing a hero somewhere and watch him/her shoot stuff. This is really bad, since the reason i like to play action tower defense games is that you get to have a more active role and not just place towers. And with 5 max heroes, that's not even a lot of placing you get to do. To make matters worse each hero is able to do noticeable damage to only one type of enemy, further limiting your options.The game is also quite grindy. Often you cannot progress to a new level if you don't have enough stars. And how do you get more stars? By re-playing already completed levels on a higher difficulty. And how do you succesfully complete levels at a higher difficulty since the game offers you so few strategic options? By building persistent shrines in those levels with diamonds you have to farm in the game. These shrines are places that increase the power of the hero that is standing on top of it. And can you build these shrines where-ever you want to suit your own favoured strategy? No. There are a few preset places per level where you can build them, so if you previously had your own idea where best to place your heroes, it is now null. And enjoy the completely deterministic passive skill-tree that -wow! - increases the damage and fire rate of your heroes."
76561197990700533,Not Recommended,423620,24122504,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Maldrasou,"Feels like a port from a mobile game. The game isn't bad but its not worth $15. Small graphical errors which should of been caught before relase such as mob walking anmations do not sync up with the speed at which they walk, bolts from the vampire hunter are fired from his feet instead of the crossbow, Text on some runes go beyond the text box. Music fits the mood but is uninspired. I can see the game going F2P with micro transactions sometime with in the next 6 months"
,Recommended,423620,23350505,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nuzz,Excellent game to combine the genres of tower defense and RPG. But the loading screens are needlessly long.  This company needs some better engineering!
,Recommended,423620,23347924,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,would tebow kneel?,"Great RPG/TD combination.  Awesome skill trees, characters, and artwork."
76561198104428017,Recommended,423620,23339718,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,WiNGMaN,"So beautiful, interesting, wonderfull game. TD? maybe not quite. maybe better than TD ^^ And u'll really like it!"
76561198028388144,Recommended,423620,23875852,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,onieyez,"Pretty good tower game. The only problem is, Regen is broken in late game and there is no way to counter it. The poison consumable that does stop regen doesn't last long enough. Maybe it's just me, but it looks like the other heroes who are not the same color as the enemies are healing the enemy making them immortal.Needs more legendary runes."
76561198029330084,Not Recommended,423620,23359980,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Evo,"I have tried this game and it looked very interesting for first two hours. Gaining new heroes, upgrading weapons, runes and town was fresh. Then things began to turn other side. Gold grinding, micro-management and position control of heroes on the battlefield. It's against tower defense spirit.This game designed with reducing difficulty over time concept. If you stuck, just grind some gold, buy new runes and you will pass a level without difficulty. While I believe this is not bad by itself, grid spoiled it.Another flaw for me is a concept of 1 heros for 1 mob type. It leads to lack of diversity. Each hero has huge bonuses to certain mob types. Hero talant tree looks shallow for me. Almost all skills affect dps in its own way and can easily be calculated."
76561198119061007,Not Recommended,423620,23865248,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,didido,game becomes boring after the first hour and it frequently freezes during selection
76561197966287070,Not Recommended,423620,29666276,Posted: 3 February,all,Empa,did not work in multiplayer for me
,Recommended,423620,22162969,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,NasiPuti,Fun new take on tower defense. It's a new twist on the hero+tower defense genre where your heroes are your towers.Featuring permanent hero upgrades and temporary upgrades to the heroes within a map along with the ability and need to move heroes around makes for a far more active tower defense experience.
76561198084091600,Not Recommended,423620,24072535,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,sonofabelll,5 minutes in... FPS goes off the charts and then I can't click on anything. Happens if I play the game for about 5 minutes.
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,423620,23844397,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Smokey,Not much to do with tower defensefeel this game plays a lot more like a moba game :(dont get fooled by all the positive reviews if not you are a moba fan(im a true TD player and i hate this game with a passion)
,Not Recommended,423620,23834703,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jedasd,"Graphics are good, sound effect are good too and gameplay doesnt seem so bad.But characters, artstyle, voice acting are all uninspired and pretty boring and they are important aspects of this game since it is a tower defense with characters that you control.Controls of the characters needs to be fleshed out and polished a bit more.Rest of the game is basic tower defense.I also refunded this game faster than it is physically possible but would like to buy it again if it gets some changes to gameplay."
,Not Recommended,423620,25269002,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,RadLantern,This game favors grind and endless upgrading over any significant strategy.  It has two currencies for no apparent reason.  All the different upgrades you can do are somewhat interesting but ultimately it isn't as rewarding to me as most traditional TD games where your tools are set and crafting a winning strategy is the goal.
76561197987168548,Not Recommended,423620,23847397,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,thermite187,This is not very tower defense-like. I find it boring and extremely laggy at times.
,Not Recommended,423620,23922113,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Leafen,I wanted to like it but after 15 min and 4 menues not responding having me need to force quit my patience got the best of me and I refunded it. Not even worth th 5€ I payed on sale.
76561197969592448,Not Recommended,423620,23341080,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Grufton,"Bought the game, fired up the tutorial and had a problem. Couldn't seen Heroes, couldn't see enemy units. Restarted my PC. Fired it up, still no visuals. Updated my drivers, still no visuals and stuck in the tutorial. Went in, changed some settings on graphics, still could not play, no enemies, no heroes on the screen. Went to the publishers forums, spent about an hour reading posts. Finally found a fix, had to run everything on lowest settings with my Radeon R3 390. Finally I could play the game with about 15 fps.  Keep in mind I was just running Fallout 4, Max settings at 60 fps....Requested refund.If this issue is fixed I might be able to recommend. Until then, stay away if you have a Radeon graphics card."
76561198003092351,Not Recommended,423620,23368340,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Zak,Totally not worth it. It feels like mobile game on top of that it's not tower defence basically all you have to do is to move 5 chars around the map. In a few hours you will finish the campaign and the multiplayer is totally dead 1-5 players online at maximum. So it's up to you if you want to pay for 1-2 hours of boring gameplay.
,Not Recommended,423620,23445744,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Tearies Gaming,"I've played many tower deffence games. This one however is not that fun, yes the consept is cool but the game play lacked my intrests. There are better tower deffence games out there if you are looking for more long hours of fun."
76561198018598906,Not Recommended,423620,26370633,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Slice,Love tower defence.  Didn't find this one fun.  Very restrictive placement even for a tower defence game.  Couldn't get into the whole art style.  Should have read more carefully about the whole hero thing as that didn't do anything for me in practice.  Will not play again.
,Not Recommended,423620,25520759,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Munsta,"Esc brings up a menu, but the menu doesn't work, had to alt f4 out of the game.""Multiplayer"" is a strong work, has two map for coop and 2 maps for versus... But you can only play one map because regardless of your choice you end up on the same one. There's no scaling of sort, so if you play coop with a new game you can't even win the map.. and it calls it a victory.Garbage game, I regret buying it :("
,Not Recommended,423620,23847988,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Geofferic,"The worst voice acting I've ever heard in a game. So bad it's almost comical.The game is sluggish at times, it's badly optimized.Half of the things that look like buttons aren't buttons. Sometimes buttons don't do anything for no apparent reason.This feels like an exceptionally bad iPad port."
76561198014942578,Not Recommended,423620,28366941,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jackrabbit,"Terrible optimisation and terrible balance throughout....Gets Boring very quickly as mobs are the same, levels are near identicle.Wait for a 90% sale or pass...."
76561198055181639,Not Recommended,423620,23827019,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BlackCorsair,"I generally like toer defence games a lot, but this one sucks. Graphics is nice and plesant, animations etc, however mechanics is so f***cking annoying. You have to constanly click to move your heroes, rather than thinking about strategic locations your upgrades etc. Apperently devs dont understand why people tower defence games, they got it all wrong."
76561198021018366,Not Recommended,423620,23989007,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,weefuck,"This game is very unbalanced, clunky controls, useless runes, boring maps, boring heroes. I love tower defence games but this one is pretty poor."
,Not Recommended,423620,23897725,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sir Zellenon,The videos and screenshots on the store page fail to represent how slow and repetitive gameplay is. Or how bad the writing and voice acting is. Nor the fact that everything is controlled with mouse 1 and that there is little to no indication of where the game wants you to go when it shuts down your ability exercise free will in favor of railroading you into another poorly made exposition dump. A bad port of a bad mobile game.
,Not Recommended,423620,25867635,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SheGamer,The idea is good but playing this game is like eating white chocolate... You don't ask for more.
76561197967685936,Recommended,423620,30472432,Posted: 12 March,all,^7ja^1co,"What a pleasnt surprise this game is! A very fresh and fun take on the tower defense genre.Positive:+ fresh new approach+ your heroes are your towers and 4/5 are well done+ weapon upgrades+ building upgrades+ bank/market place+ gold and gems each serve different purposes+ nice graphical style+ runs smooth+ lots of maps+ even more optional chalanges+ rune system (gathering, crafting, buying, winning, merging)Negative:- minor balancing issue at later levels- requires some grinding due to some balancing issues- the dual weilding guy feels uselessCan't wait to see if the devs will create a second game! Insta buy."
,Recommended,423620,23361943,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,jrizzle8769,Pretty awesome take on the TD genre. Love the RPG elements as well as the challenge. Probably one of the best TD games I've played in that last couple years.
,Recommended,423620,23983935,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Janissary,not like other tower defense games. i find this addictive though.
76561197963648068,Recommended,423620,23478235,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,sKorpion,"9 out of 10pros:top notch UIeasy controlsgreat graphicscool animationshelpful tutorialunique interesting charactersgood story and writingnice twist on the tower defense genrefeels well balanced and polishedcons (minor):* default view is zoomed in a lil close for my likingcan zoom out a small amount, helps a LOT on some maps!oddly, zoom out fully then map gets blurred (whole map fog of war?)* AI does need guidance at times.no AI settings, but you can target mobs.* voice acting adequate ... some actually good.pumpkin girl 'Sam' is exceptional! 'Bones' perfect!...IMPORTANT: maps and action can get frantic...use 'pause' key to stay on top of things....great game with an outstanding active dev team.several community request implemented quickly.in a short time this game as been turned into aAAA quality title... kudos to developers!"
,Recommended,423620,24123240,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rubbishbean94,"toxic,can't stop playing it"
76561197992719288,Recommended,423620,33237363,Posted: 4 July,all,xLEBLx,"Hero Defense is a Tower Defense with movable and upgradable heroes for Towers. You can modify the heroes by applying different quality and type of runes you earn through playing. It reminds me of the old SC:BW Hero Defense games, but instead of just controlling and upgrading 1 hero you can have 4 or 5(?) out at a time. My gripe is, and it may be silly to some, you don't have access to all your heroes right away... just like you don't have access to all the towers on level one of most TD games. The Co-Op is fun, but you can only play endless, co-op campaign would be awesome. It takes some time to unlock all the stuff you need to fully enjoy the game, but in my time with it, it's very fun."
,Recommended,423620,35251298,Posted: 27 September,all,[MNI] Hyosdace,please for devadd NEW HERO beacause this game so fun
