user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198045503284,Not Recommended,424250,21911202,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,max.savenkov,"I wish I could recommend this game, but it has too many flaws in important RPG departments, while being a nice game in other things. Balrum feels more like a sandbox with a RPG badly tacked on than a true RPG.I must say that the game is very beautiful for an indie RPG. It reminds me (and a lot of other people) of Eschalon, and that's a high praise! Weather effects, day/night cycle, weapon and armour sprites - everything is done very well.Another plus is an extensive crafting system. You can craft a lot of things, from food to potions, from shovels to weapon and armour, and you can also construct buildings (albeit only in special Safe Place, where there are no enemies, and indeed no other NPCs at all).So far, so good. But now, the negative.First, combat is very boring. With only one character (and his pet) and lack of tactical options, it usually just means spamming melee attacks or spells until enemy is dead, with occasional healing in between.Mages, surprisingly, have it even worse than warriors here. Magic is not very powerful, and does not GROW powerful even at high levels. In a direct confrontation with a common wolf, a mage has a good chance to be killed. So he often relies on casting Damage Over Time spells, and then running in circles, while enemy slowly dies. This is so wrong and bad, that I just don't know what to say. Even bosses are defeated in the same manner.Character development is boring. The only thing you chose when gaining a level is a one-point improvement for one of primary attributes. But levelling is quite slow, so you'll never build up big attribute values from it. Most of strength or intellect will come from items, so finding a new, better item is often more thrilling than a level up (and happens more often!).Slow levelling also means you have to be VERY frugal with skills you learn. I think the constraints here are a bit too tight. To be able to wear the best items in the end game, you have to put a lot of points into attribute training, and so have little left to learn less-useful crafting skills.Crafting is not very useful, at least for a mage. Although alchemy saved me in the final battle, so there is that. But for the most of the game, I haven't used it much.Economy is not quite broken, but after a while there is too much loot and not enough things to spend money on.Lastly, the plot... It's not explained very well. Where did the Rebels came from in such force, for example? Quest texts are nothing special, and the whole thing is nearly linear, meaning you won't be able to make any choices that affect the story, like supporting a faction etc. Quests are mostly of ""go-there-kill-that-bring-this"" variety, but there are a few simply puzzles here and there (mostly, they contain good items, and not plot-critical points).In the end, I think that this game took too much from Eschalon. Eschalon itself wasn't such a good RPG in the first place, and this game copies nearly all bad thing from it (boring combat, linearity etc.). It's only saving grace is complex crafting system, but even it can't save this game from mediocrity.I could not recommend it to everybody, but maybe if you like crafting very much, you should take a look at it. Though it's not Minecraft :)Ah, yes. Also, be prepared for a LOT of walking. Slow walking. Game world is big, and fast-travel points are few and far between. Be sure to grab a special brick from desert ruins, which, when used, speeds you up considerably for a dozen turns (or brew a lot of Speed potions!)."
,Not Recommended,424250,32396819,Posted: 13 June,all,Mr Drumpf,"It's not a bad game. It's surprisingly stable and surprisingly user friendly. I can fully understand why so many people like this game, but some design decisions makes it very hard for me to enjoy.It's a Turn Based/Real Time-Hybrid. TBS during battles, RT all other time. This means that you get hungry, thirsty and tired while reading all text in the game. This stresses me out and I tend to skim through the text which is EXACTLY what devs should be avoiding. It's often hard to immerse yourself with text only; why punishing player for trying?! It simply takes disadvantages from both RTS and TBS and mix them together.XP resources are finite, other resources are infinite. This means that you will have to grind to get food, water and buffs, but grinding will level you up. It takes disadvantages from linear games and open world games and mix them together.Since craftig is a necessary part of the game, you have to choose which crafts you want to level up... or level up your fighting skills. I came to a point where I realized that I chose too many crafts and too little fighting. The only way of leveling up is to finish quests or kill creatures. I was too weak to kill creatures. I could not finish quests because there were too many creatures... I know I actually could. It would require a lot of potions and other buffs. I could craft them, but at that point crafting became a chore rather than entertainment."
76561198239839522,Recommended,424250,21576771,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,rphilg,"Been watching this game progress for about a year. Booted it up, started a character on Master difficulty. Died so many times that I... insert Dark Souls meme joke here.YMMV, but Master difficulty t'aint fer thee faint o' haart, laddy!I've only played ~10 hours, but I feel like that's enough time to get a good impression of the game and leave a review for those of you who are still on the fence. If you like CRPGs...BUY IT NOW!!! It's more than worth the price. It's a bit like Eschalon, for those of you who've played that game, but Balrum is expanded and improved in just about every way. It's a touch o' the old Ultima Online about it, too. Just a touch. And it's a good touch. Not a bad touch.I'm rather eager to get back to playing, so LET'S DO THIS THING:Brutal, rewarding difficulty? Check. See inserted Dark Souls meme above. (My last death was to a giant praying mantis that prayed away my mana, poisoned me with its horrifying pincers, and healed itself when I finally had it down to a sliver of health. I died to poison as I ran for shelter, sobbing.)Varied, multidimensional crafting? Check. I can't even. The crafting is strong with this one.Free-form base building? Check. Build a house, build a fortress, build an orchard, build a farm, build a pigpen, build a spiderpen. DON'T LEAVE THE GATE OPEN ON THE SPIDERPEN FOR THE LOVE OF web web web venom venom deathCustomizable pet? Check. I'm currently running with a giant shadow-magic-wielding rat named Boggles. And that praying mantis monstrosity I was telling you about? Also tameable. The world shall fear my giant green bug... as soon as my skill-level is high enough to tame giant green bugs.Stats? Check. I almost came to tears over stat distribution. The game is neither kind nor generous, but I must have Stockholm syndrome, because I don't even car.Care.Skills? Check. More in-depth than the stats, I felt. Most skills have at least two significant effects, and sometimes three or four. And again, the game does not hand out ""learning points"" often, so they really matter. Ranks in the Survival skill don't just let you heal more HP at the tents you build, they also let you cure ailments like broken bones, increase the light radius of your torch, slow Fatigue/Hunger/Thirst growth rates, and give you a double digit % chance to avoid death whenever you hit 0 hp.THAT'S A SKILL, BETHESDA.Varied spells, combat and utility? I think so! (I just came across a teleportation spell that I hope to use mischievously. Combat spells are most certainly varied. I've been using one that creates crystalline walls to great effect.)Factions? Check, the system is there and the character sheet has a faction affiliation section, but I'm not far enough to have actually... affiliated.Giggity.M-to-the-ASSIVE world to explore? Check. You have no idea. I've barely mapped out ¼ of the first map, and that's not including dungeons, chests I couldn't open, beasts and the locations they guarded that I couldn't tackle yet, etc.Secrets and treasures and quests in every nook and cranny as far as the eye can see?Check-checkity-check-check-check.Brutal, immersive survival elements? Balrum is to Minecraft as Saw is to Teletubbies.Or maybe I should reverse that?Teletubbies are pretty scary.Balrum is to Minecraft as Teletubbies are to Danny Devito.......I mean Check.Dying of dehydration? Find a well, eat a watermelon, collect falling rainwater (if it's raining, newb) and fill your cantine, or heck, collect swampy puddle water in a bucket if you're desperate. (Pray it doesn't have maggots in it.)Dying of starvation? Hunt deer, chop down a tree, build a campfire with the wood, cook the meat on the spot, eat the meat. Or shoot a newborn fawn with a fireball, skip the campfire stage, and eat fire-ball-grilled baby-meat with half the effort. Then find an outhouse. (Outhouse for roleplaying purposes only. Assembly required, pooping optional.)Oh, and one time I found a bug in my character's backpack eating all the apples I'd just picked. I squashed the little bugger (lol) with my bare hands. Don't touch my apples. ACTUAL THING THAT HAPPENED IN THE GAME SERIOUSLY.I've not run into any major bugs so far. (Except the one in my backpack.) The game has a classy, retro look that I absolutely dig.It's a really good CRPG. There's less choices in dialogue than there should be, (at least in the first main area, which I'm still in,) the writing can be a bit too info-dumpy, and I have yet to find any Necromantic skeleton-army-animating spells, but apart from that, it's a real gem.TL;DR: For the current price of thirteen-ish USD, Balrum is a criminal steal.Oh, robbing people blind and getting away with it? Check."
,Not Recommended,424250,31073386,Posted: 10 April,all,AversionFX,"I've gone back and forth on writing a review on Balrum for a few days. After 50 hours of playtime, I finally gave up on it and decided to write a review. I'm in Chapter 4 and may have just hit level 8. Yes, you read correctly: 50 hours of gameplay and I am only level 8.Balrum is very similar in scope and feel to Eschalon, which seems to be a common point most reviews are making.  It's an old-school, isometric RPG. So it's slow-paced, and combat is tactical turn-based. Standard fare for the genre. Having grown up on games like Ultima and Fallout, these kinds of games are my absolute favorite. Having played through the entire Eschalon trilogy, I have been craving a similar game which landed me at Balrum.To be perfectly direct and honest, Balrum is not a particularly good game. Eschalon is very clearly a heavy influence on Balrum. The overall presentation, and a lot of aesthetics all scream ""Eschalon."" So it's either an homage or pretty blatant on the copy-paste.The GoodBalrum is a pretty standard-fare, old-school style RPG. In this regard, it does adequately.The world is big, there's lots to explore.There's character development (of course).Questing!""The Safe Place"" is an area you gain access to fairly early. It is a zone completely isolated from the rest of the world that functions as your home and gives you the ability to build. Here you can build all sorts of useful stuff, such as farms to harvest food and alchemy materials, crafting tables and, most importantly, shrines that heal you or repair your gear. You can travel to the Safe Place at almost any time on a short cooldown, and be teleported back where you came from.The Not-so-GoodThe problem with exploration is that there has to be some sort of benefit to it. Lots of times you'll find awesome equipment, lots of gold, or someotherbenefit. In Balrum, treasure is rarely worth the trip. Equipment is so plentiful that at a certain point, your inventory space (which is massive, by the way) is taken up by multiple duplicates of the same Bandit's Armor or Fine Broadsword.Development choices are an absolute joke. Apparently, the only person who can teach you how to be a master swordsman is a member of the fighters guild. Meanwhile, you're a dagger-wielding thief in the ""shadow"" guild. I suppose you could just become an Archer, right?Wrong. Character development isglacially slowand there is no respec option. Sure, this is an old-school RPG, stick with your choices, right? Or you can start over. Remember that time I told you I had spent 50 hours playing an RPG and was level 8? You get very few skill points per level up. At 50 hours in, I'm already committed to my build and suddenly learn I can't top out because a developer was too short-sighted to realize that a character using a dagger probably wants to join the Thief guild.The writing. Dear god, the writing. I understand it's an indie game. But the writing is incredibly bad. The biggest sell-point of an old-school RPG is the story. To tell a good story you need to have good writing. The game is absolutely littered with spelling errors. Worse yet is that the writing itself is kid's stuff. For example, in Chapter 4 you come across your first actual city. There's a woman there who complains to you that her neighbor's outhouse smells really bad and is disrupting her life.Sure, why not. Let me take some time out of saving the world to help with this.I need more experience points, I can spare the time. You confront the neighbor who says, in no uncertain terms, ""Bugger off."" Your response is something to the effect of, ""Well I'll show you!"" Now, in most games, these would be fighting words. You would beat up the neighbor (hopefully). He would relent, apologize, and you would report back.Not in Balrum.Instead what happens, is youdestroy the outhouse, and then return to taunt him saying, ""I blew up your rickety, outdoor toilet. Now you have to build a new one."" He responds with, ""Ahh ya got me!"" Quest complete. The story itself is an absolute mess of self-fulfilling prophecy, longshot elements and a lot of being called ""boy,"" ""son,"" ""child,"" and any other variant of ""young person"" you can think of. I am not kidding. Beyond that, every single dialog interaction with every single character is so positive, even in the most dire circumstances. You confrontGrandpa that ""we're all royals and this is all our fault!"" and grandpa says, ""I'm so sorry! I just tried to protect you!"" and your character says, not missing a beat, ""It's okay you were looking out for me.""Big, revelatory subjects, here. And we're handling it with unreal finesse.The combat. Combat is a jumbled mess of bad ideas and bad execution. Combat is otherwise an exercise in using crowd control abilities and laying on as much hurt as possible. Translated, it's extremely boring, predictable, and unsatisfying.The crafting. The crafting is an absolute waste of time and skill points and is so underwhelming that it actually makes me mad that it is even in the game. Because more than all of the rest of Balrum's mediocrity, the crafting is an insult. It consumes precious skill points and gives very little benefit. Your crafted items will never be as good as stuff you find, which, sure. But the problem is that your crafted items will never be remotelycomparable, so why even have the skill?Balrum is an exceptionally mediocre game that I just don't have the heart to bother finishing. I spent 50 hours trying to like Balrum. In the end, its awful writing, boring combat and uninspired world leave so much to be desired. I got more than my money's worth, sure, but a lot of that time was spent searching for the game I hoped it was."
76561198025434087,Not Recommended,424250,28534130,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,robertdrake910,"Were you expecting a well polished labor of love?  Not Balrum.  There are plenty of aspects in this game that could have used more effort, even down to basic things like the grammar of the text.Balrum attempts a fusion of the home-building aspect of sandbox sims with more classic top-down dungeon-crawler RPGs.  There are a number of tiles and props you can learn to build in your home, providing a respectable amount of diversity that will satisfy most.  Unfortunately it takes many critical ""Learning Points"" to improve your carpentry skill, only awarded on level up, which will take away from the essential combat skills you will need to survive in Balrum.  This means that if you want to experience the fullest extent of home-building this game has to offer, you best reconcile yourself to severely handicapping your character.  The same is true for all crafting skills, to the point where you're generally better off just learning a basic money skill and buying everything else you need (money is generally no issue in this game).Farming is present, but tends to be more annoying than anything else.  Watering and fertilizing can be taken care of with a simple click from the proper tool, but unfortunately no such tool is presented to you for harvesting.  Most players will believe that a time consuming process of opening a menu and selecting harvest for each individual plant is the only way to do things.  As it turns out, double clicking will harvest immediately!  Now if only they had made an effort to let the player know about this handy feature.  The entire time I played Balrum I was unaware of it, only learning about it some time later.The classes (Warrior, Ranger, Mage) are very unbalanced, with Warriors having an extreme advantage over the other two.  Unfortunate for the player who selects a Mage without realizing this.  A certain amount of cross-classing is possible, but the need to min-max your primary attributes dilutes the effectiveness of this feature.The ""storyline"" is barely present, and is told with poor grammar in places.  Side quests are very basic, and the people of Balrum are one-dimensional.  Either they have a quest or they don't.  That's about it.Even with the low price tag, I can't recommend this one.  Look elsewhere for a good game; Balrum doesn't make the grade."
76561198053422627,Recommended,424250,21558506,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Okay... look at the preview video, look at the old school original Diablo top down style graphics.  Make sure you are cool with that before considering purchasing this game even for another moment...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H3OUDzqN8sGood?  Now imagine you starting off in an all too familiar RPG back story... we've heard this same sort of story many times before and as you start the game and read the dialogue, you'll swear it's deja vu again.  ..You were a kid and your parents died to some horrible death, something so bad that even dear old grandfather can't bear to tell you anything about it.  Something awful happened is all that you know and your grandfather raised you well as other nearby people of the NPC type taught you some basic skills such as basic carpentry, a little bit of alchemy, etc.  Twenty years later, you now wake up with dear old granfather just a little older, but still much superior to you with ten times your starting HP and MP etc and theres rumors of someone with a torch trying to burn your granddfather and your wooden house down and they burned down the house completely of a nearby family.And that is where you start.  You'll get to wander around exploring the town and visiting all the NPC people, choosing what to say and what tasks you'd like to complete.  The great thing here is that every quest feels like it has a real purpose, none of the ""go kill 10 wolves"" or ""go collect 10 butterfly sacs"" garbage that drive so many of us RPG fans bonkers.  It's refreshing to have quests that actually feel like they serve a purpose.. things like chopping down trees in a forest and buying nails from another NPC to repair a burnt down wall of a house or fixing another npcs crop field fence.Be careful as well in this game.. Don't think you can just walk in people's house and start snooping through their chests and taking whatever you like because doing so in their line of sight will pi.ss them off and have them attacking you until either you or them dies.  I love that.So let's talk about the UI...  it's a little awkward to get used to for sure and will take time.  For example sending in your pet (yes you can have pets you command and who serve you) ... but sending your pet to attack an enemy require you left clicking the target foe.  But for you to attack, you need to choose your attack and then right click on the same foe.  ..That's just one example of how the UI can be almost overwhelmingly confusing when you begin.  But soon, you'll get the hang of it and feel much more comfy with the game that definitely doesn't hold your hand.My biggest gripe early on is the hunger and thirst survival mechanics of the game.  I chose the normal difficulty and haven't tried the easy mode yet but...  at this early point into the game (4 hours), the thirst and hunger is almost annoying because it feels like every 30 seconds, you have to drink or eat.  Fail to notice these chat messages or icons in the upper right of your screen, you in no time flat you'll be near death from damage taken from ""invisible pain"" due to hunger or thirst.  The solution?  Easy once you figure out to stock plenty of food on you and hydrate and eat to 150% of both thirst & hunger each morning when you wake up.The hybrid turn based mechanic is one I really like.  It means that every NPC (including enemies) move and do their thing and time moves if you stand still or if you are working to complete tasks.. it's a real time game, except once you engage or once an enemy engages you into the games combat.  Once you are in combat, whether your choice or not, it's all a slower, much more strategic life-or-death turn based battle where any wrong move could be the difference between you surviving ot dying and re-loading the game from your last save point.There's also a rune your grandfather gives you early in the game that you'll want to put in your hot bar immediately.  I didn't even notice it until 4 hours in, and it allows you to click it anytime to be whisked away to a safe facet of your existence where the map looks the same, but no other npcs including enemies exist.  It's your safe haven, and when you first go there, there is a huge empty prarie the size of the small town all your own.. a place you can build your dream home and escape to any time you wish.  There, you are given a nice starting supply of resources to help get you started building whatever home you want, and pressing the B key (for Build) opens up a generous build menu where you can build your dream home, place furniture, trees, shrubs, chests, etc.  This safe zone is an awesome feature that I absolutely love and to me is something that takes this game over-the-top.While this game has it's steep learning curve and interesting UI to get used to, it offers a depth rarely seen in even the most hyped triple-A RPG games.  This is certainly not a review where I've played the full game and can tell you exactly how much depth it has, but at four hours in, I feel like someone here on earth looking up into the sky at all the stars thinking OMG WOW.  It feels like I haven't even scratched 1% of this games offerings at 4 hours in.  There are tons of ingredients everywhere for crafting and alchemy, more then you can shake a stick at.  There are dozens of dungeons I haven't even begun to explore.  There is a safe zone area I've only started to build my house on.  And there are so many strange creatures I've stayed away from seen peering at me from the thick woods beyond the town.  When I get killed by two spiders near the town or a bear on the edge of town, I can't even begin to think of battling whatever evils exist in the depths of the woods or all of those dungeons yet.  And THAT is a feeling that leaves you in awe as you are learning the ropes and UI of this game and completing all the many tasks and quests available at the start.There is no doubt in my mind that this game will be up for ""RPG of the year"" on many peoples lists to choose the best-of-the-best from once 2016 is over.  It's refreshing to see, especially at this games surprisingly lose price point.  Many people will compare this game to Diablo or Diablo 2 looking at the graphics, but I have played both of those games long ago, and from my early game time in Balrum, this game may not be an action RPG like Diablo or throw quite so much crazy loot out, but it looks to have a depth that far surpasses both Diablo and Diablo 2.  It does have a steep learning curve, and a strange UI that takes getting used to, but I think this game is one that any true RPG fan shouldn't miss!Once I complete this game, I'll come back and give it a proper review, and share how many hours I spent beating it.  Until then, here is my scoring just based on what I've experienced so far...Value (Worth 40 points max) :  40, no doubt about it, this game delivers crazy over-the-top value and likely hundreds of hours of gameplay for it's small asking price.Fun (Worth 30 points max):  27, very high fun value in my opinion and I expect the fun to increase as I get even deeping into this games lore and gameplay.  This score will be very subjective depending on what style of game you prefer, but I can't see any true RPG fan not having a hell of a time with Balrum.Controls & Bugs (Worth 20 points max):  A few weird control mechanisms lower this score, and the steep learning curve also plays in because it certainly could leave many players feeling over-whelmed... but I'm giving this game a solid 15 out of 20.Graphics & Sound (Worth 10 points max):  The least important aspect of any game when it comes to value and overall fun that can be had in my opinion, but this game delivers an old school style of graphics that is both dark and classic awesomeness and I love it!  8 out of 10 here from me!My initial score that I'd be shocked to see it change much:  90%  Very Solid A-minus grade from me and a MUST BUY for RPG fans at this price."
76561197970128471,Recommended,424250,21556713,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sevens,"So far so good.  Great production value for a small team and small file size.  Nice rpg elements and survival aspects.  RPG elements allow for initial character creation of Fighter, Mage, or Archer.  The game starts you off with a pet wolf that is of some help in the begining.  The controls for the game are intuitive.  It's realtime/turn based.  Move around the world in real time, when you are not moving time is standing still.  The system is similar to the Echelon RPG games, but the animations and graphics are a step up compared to that series. Survival aspects consist of hunger, health, and thirst.  The game has a variety of crafting and cooking options for the survival aspect, also hunting, gathering, and alchemy.  There are a variety of tools you have to have to perform various jobs, and these are auto selected when you go about performing a job, such as mining or chopping wood.   Artwork and music are top notch and you are able to zoom in and out in the game's isometric perspective.  Overall I feel that this game is a great value, lots of content and gameplay options for the price."
,Recommended,424250,21667029,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Cuchulane,"Wow, such an addictive game.I look at the shortcuts on my desktop this morning when I get up, ready for full Sunday of gaming. There's Elder Scrolls Online, there's my Witcher 3 expansions, Balrum... and I instantly go back to Balrum. There is something so compelling about the opportunities for exploration, crafting advancement, and building opportunities. Of course, at the heart of any RPG is the quests, and the quests in Balrum have a great feel to them. There is a really interesting story arc building from the quests and I really want to see where it leads.What really makes a great RPG is the feeling of investing in a character that seems real, where the player can truly take on a role that offers an escape into a separate life. It has been many years since I have felt suach an instant attachement to a character, and it does remind me of the way I used to lose myself into RPG's back in the 80's and 90's.RPG fans owe it to themselves to buy this game."
,Recommended,424250,21601049,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,blight0r,"Sorry if this isnt a normal kind of review, I'm not a game reviewer :)Excellent Game.  There is around about an hour of playing before the game mechanics are understood.  I dont really like farming stuff, but it was kind cool in this game.  I didnt do it much though.  I more liked the exploration, and just gathered and hunted for food.*** Edit: They seemed to have added a new option to make the hunger/thirst practically non-existent* Personally I dont need it, and like being a hunter gatherer ***Actually, I've notice people are complaining about hunger and thirst - this seems like an issue at first too, as the bars goes down fairly fast especially if you are doing activities.  However its just a temporary thing, you very quickly work out that there is an huge supply of apples and food growing all over the place and lots of dear around that you kill and cook the meat from.  On top of that you have an (almost) unlimited inventory so you can collect a ton of stuff then not worry about it.  Plenty of things to steal too :)Lots of secret stuff, dialog and some really good game systems (day/night cycle has a few in-game effects - hint: why are these rocks that look normal in the day, glowing at night?)Looks MASSIVE.  I mean, really massive - you really feel like your out in the wilderness and there is just tons of stuff to discover.Please above all else, make sure you use the AUTOSAVE! Set it to every 5 mins or somthing.  Sometimes the game can be tough if you get stuck into a 2v1 fight early in the game.Love the old school graphics, reminds me of a zoomed out ultima.*** Edit: I made a short video about how to play with hunger and thirst on ***https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnCwJD276RQ"
76561198005632571,Recommended,424250,21613751,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Korner,"Ok so this is a first impression of the game review. I read some positive reviews and some bad ones, here's what I think from my first hour into the game:I don't die as quick as the bad reviewers said. On normal setting, thirst and hunger aren't a problem since I did open my eyes and notices there's like a 100 times more food than I need lying around in the village. There are wells to replenish my waterskin ...I do like the depth, in fact at times it can get overwhelming. But that is part of what we like with games with deep/complicated rules systems. You just have to expect that is what you are getting into.I did get into a couple encounters. My first one were very careful attempts to use the best of my options (playing a spell slinging guy at first) to slaughter my chosen ennemy: a bear. I kill it, it was a close fight. Luckily I have a wolf to help me.Then I notice another bear, after eating up and sleeping a bit ... but it has a friend I hadn't noticed before shooting my first fire blast at it ... I retreat and get help from some NPCs, we prevail. After that I got cocky with another fight, died ... and restarted.I expect to be spending a lot of time into a character at some point, but don't mind dying while learning the game. So to me, this game is perfect. I will do a more detailed review if I play more than 40 hours !"
76561198030719743,Not Recommended,424250,32330373,Posted: 10 June,all,sr.in.life,"A Mage at level 1 should be able to kill a rat. It can'tMage build is impossible. Case closed. 60 hours of fine tuning and cheesing the f*** out of it and I am unable to survive encounters with 1 lvl 3 creature at level 4. Even if you find all the best armor you can at your level, take time to complete every sidequest, and are fully stocked, you will die at the necromancer's tower. This could have been a great game. unless they un-nerf the mage's spells (reduce mana cost or greatly increase damage) this closes the balrum book for me.My maths. Level 1 enemy (on easy) 1500 hp. damage with a mage build (~150 hp damage). can use maybe 5 times before mana is exhausted. a mage can kill 1/2 a rat."
76561198120632907,Recommended,424250,30093216,Posted: 21 February,all,Bob & Weave,"BalrumPros:+ Farming, Crafting, Hunting, Potion Making, and Cooking+ Stealing+ Pets+ Lots of things to Harvest+ Home Building System+ Decent Main Story with okay Side StoriesCons:- Slow Paced- Organizing Inventory- Lots of Walking AroundReviewBalrum makes me think of what would be a old Terraria. I actually was pleasantly surprised by this game. This is a game that I will be playing for a long time. It was a little odd playing this game at first, but I soon found the hours slipping away as me and my dog ran across the forest in search of some game to hunt. That doesn't sound like that would take that long, but then you have to pick some apples, kill a spider that's trying to kill me, drink some water, cut down some trees, then remember that you were trying to hunt deer the whole time. I really enjoy playing this game. I do think that 14.99 is a little too much for it though, but that could just be because I am cheap and/or poor.This was Curated for PC Beta Gaming if you would like to follow us the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/PC-BetaG#curationOnce we have a 100 followers on our group there will be a game giveaway, but only the followers have a chance to win.If you liked this review please give it a thumbs up. If you disliked the review leave comment and tell me why. Thank you for reading my review. If you would like to see more of my reviews the link is below:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120632907/recommended/?p=1"
76561198042742280,Recommended,424250,21564507,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Yuzuke,"An old school RPG combine with Survival gene and it feels AWESOME !I'm talking about the ways you can interact with the scence. yes you can interact almost EVERYTHING YOU SEE. This level of details reminds me of << Eschalon Book >> series. This is a must-have if you happens a fan of Eschalon Book.Pros:- Colors,Sprites,Atmosphere...The visual  perfomance just feels so right (for an old school RPG).- Music & Ambient sound effect is great.Cons:- boring dialog- time elapse feels a little punishing (MaxDifficulty), keep youself well-fed and quenched or you'll end up starving in battle just because too much reading & oversleeping.- lots of sprites of item need polish.- combat system can do better.Just treat it like Project Zomboid + Eschalon Book and you're safe to purchase.9.9/10"
76561198017076013,Recommended,424250,21581459,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Texelion,"A nice little game well worth the small price. Beware though as it's not just an rpg, it's a SURVIVAL/CRAFTING rpg, which means that survival ( finding food, water, etc ) and crafting can take a huge part of your time.It's the kind of game that you can probably play for dozens of hours, I already played several hours ( offline ) and I'm still at the beginning, trying to make a few bucks to buy skills, looking for recipes, food and stuff. Understanding game mechanics can take a bit of time too.So, you play a little retared boy who couldn't find his way around a bush if his life depended on it, and your grandpa asked you to investigate the disapearence of your neighbors, whose house burned down for an unknown reason, but it was definitely not aliens. Probably Satan or something. A woman abused by his drunk husband found a strange tablet in the burned house, and you try to figure out what's written on it while running errands for everybody like a true hero ( feeding pigs, collecting bees, picking up mushrooms, etc. ) Even the village idiot thinks you're his b*tch.Anyway, you'll quickly discover that the people of this peaceful village all seem to have their little secret, which makes things interesting. And I'm pretty sure I'm gonna save the world or something.There are secrets to discover, dungeons to explore, loot to loot and mobs to fight. Sometimes the danger comes from your own backpack, as a worm can spawn in it and eat all your food.The game has some minor design flaws, annoyances or elements that could easily be patched, but that could be a no-go for some people :- you can't run- you have to drink/eat/rest quite often ( but not quite that often if you over-eat and over-drink until you're full, it lasts much longer )- you have to pay for every skill, and it's expensive- the game is kinda slow ( slow movement, slow progression )- you have to figure out almost everything by yourself- you can't walk through grass and bushes, or crops, collisions everywhere- giant spiders- giant INVISIBLE spiders- giant TELEPORTING spiders- no comparison window between items- the south is to the left ( what ? )- you can't auto-reorder your inventory"
76561198009007002,Recommended,424250,21558138,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Wolf_Commander,"After watching video reviews of the beta testers and such, and playing through the quick intro I can say that thisgame has that classic look and feel like others have said, but it also brings fresh and new ideas with it. I enjoy the elements of real life like eat, drink and sleep with camping in it as well. The dialog is kinda cheesy but also enjoyable to read. It's great to still see these types of classic rpg's still being produced.I am really impressed by the quility of this game so far coming from a very small team. You can tell that this game was produced with passion and great care.I hope to see more from the team, diffenetly a fan. 10/10Update:I've been seeing some negative reviews regarding the eat and drink element of the game and my response to that is; that it's not annoying or difficult. You have a eat, drink and rest bar that may have to be checked in the option menu to be displayed, but it is there so that you can keep an eye on the status. And it takes a while for your eat, drink to decrease unlike some have said in the reviews, unless your mining then it will decrease a little faster which makes sense. However it is simple to keep water and food in your inventory to fill your hunger and thirst.I have been playing for good while now and my inventory is full of food and water skins to last me a long journy, plus my home has a farm and a ranch to replenish my supplies.The game is very fun and addictting, I love the eat and drink part as well cause it sets the game a part from the rest of rpg's that just makes you hack and slash with out any realism to it."
76561198141516986,Recommended,424250,21609203,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Carda [NL],"To my opinion the survival RPG of the year. Yes, you need to eat, drink and sleep but it adds to the reality of the game. The developers added an option to slow the need for drink/eat even further so it'll be 'playable' for everyone. You can play the game the way you like. Go for the dungeons or like me... spend 16 hours into learning the basics and restarting a few times. Make a steady food supply, train your skills, buy the best armor from the money I made from mining and next I am going to make my own house and farm.The map(s) are HUGE if you like exploring. There are herbs to gather, stones to mine, trees to cut, apples to pick and so much more. I only explored about 10% of the first map now and I heard there are 4 or 5 of these huge maps through the story.The game looks awesome in detail within the 2D isometric perspective and offers hours upon hours of gameplay.GAME OF THE YEAR!"
76561198180499521,Not Recommended,424250,32879820,Posted: 27 June,all,Menos,"This is an old-school hardcore survival RPG with emphasis on hardcore.The game tries to be very realistic in most aspects, with all the downsides like constant hunger and thirst, long health regeneration times and such. The first few hours of the game you will spent simply trying to survive by eating berries or the occasional hunted animal, while you try to fulfill quests to get some levels. But while that sounds simple it is actually the exact opposite and you spent every minute thinking about how to get enough food to survive the next few minutes. For some this could be the right level of difficulty, for more casual oriented players it is pure torture.Technically the game is fine, the UI is ok, graphics are on the level of games 15 years ago, but it does fit the style. Everything feels like a hobbyist project, but one that is well done, which leaves little to complain if you are into that kind of games.Recommended only to those that like the true hardcore survival/rogue-like experience, everyone else will be disappointed."
,Recommended,424250,25544540,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Gravelfoot,"Balrum is a solid rpg with certain weak points. These weak points do not subtract much from the experience so the end result is still a very good game.Story:The story is solid, though not something that will blow your mind. This should not be taken as a negative, only that you should not buy this if you are looking for an epic tale that will blow your socks off. It is solid enough to be engaging and relies a fair bit on rpg tropes, which makes the experience feel interesting but also familiar.Classes:The class system is good, but does come with one weak point in that class mixing is allowed, but is in no way a viable path to take. Pick a weapon type and stick with it: melee, bow, or magic. There is no real middle ground that is not exceedingly ineffective. Another thing, that I personally don't feel adds much other than possible regret is that there are skill books, that give you specific skills for free. So if you already spent your hard to come by skill points on the same skills, you just don't get any benefit. It's not that important, but a +1 to skill would perhaps work better. This may just be my preference.Knowing the above about the skill system, I feel that the character leveling implementation gives a good experience with nice progression and interesting abilities / spells along the way. I hope they give it a lot of love and attention for their second game.Survival / cooking:The survival elements are fun, and I love making my own food and potions. I always carry an  ""awesome burger of many buffs"" or two in my inventory, and with the rather short durations on the buffs, you do actually use a lot of the food you harvest and find. The weak point about this element is that once you set up farming in your sanctuary area, food and thirst essentially stops being a problem for the rest of the game and you can pump out unending amounts of all the food. I don't know if it is possible to really balance to make it more about survival, but since the buffs are not overpowered, but still are really helpful, I think it still works quite well.Fasttravel:The quicktravel works extremely well by letting you build portal stones in your sanctuary that lets you QT to any portal stone you have visited before. Combined with the ability to always (outside) return to your sanctuary, this really feels well integrated into the lore of the game.Combat:Combat is not bad, but neither is is extremely innovative. You get a lot of fun abilities, but sometimes it can be a bit harsh since you have little to no way of judging the relative difficulty of a fight (other than the level number when you mouse over it). Since a level 1 giant is 10 times harder to kill than a level 5 slug, you do have to try and reload a few times when you encounter new things.You get a pet, and with a good setup (bear for tanking, stag for healing, etc.) you can bolster your combat abilities quite a bit. This bit really does help a lot to make each class feel like it can stand on its own. Not all pets are created equal, so some will most likely be used very little compared to others, but they all have some good uses and though they are perhaps too easily revived (for free) they are a good addition.Building:You get to build your own home and do a bit of farming (if you want to). I like it. I like putting all my loot in my treasure chamber. I like making my portal room filled with teleporter stones and statues. I like it a lot.You get to build almost anything you come across. It gives you a reward for exploring and finding things and it urges you to keep building more. Could perhaps have been implemented in a slightly better way (the UI is a bit messy) but it gets the job done.TL;DR:A solid rpg experience, slightly reliant on tropes of the genre, but with a bunch of interesting additions, that all add up to a good game you can have fun with for a lot of hours."
,Recommended,424250,23125053,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cybermancer,"I'm 19 hours in, just finished chapter 1 and am level 6. This game is beautiful.It has pretty much everything i could want in a CRPG, turn based combat, open world, difficult combat, intense crafting system, great customization and a good story. The graphics are sublime and really complement the game.If you like CRPGs, i heavily suggest you get this gameNumerical value: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,424250,23908460,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GloryWhole,"I have this giant, gaming hole inside me. I'm always trying to fill it with something. I like to call it my iso-hole. I think a lot of people in this world, they fill it with online FPSes. But I don't believe in the genre.Balrum is a fresh, modern title featuring a fantastic dark fantasy setting and custom player housing. Combat is fierce and magic is powerful. A simple caster evolves into a powerful mage with ordance as a range of viable spells become available. I purchased Balrum the day it launched on Steam and then gifted a copy to a friend. Balrum has given me a unique experience with a massive world to explore. Balrum is an absolute masterpiece."
76561198014229134,Recommended,424250,23800319,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dorok,"EDIT2:---------Finished the first play, about 110H of slow playing. I enjoyed the ride despite last areas aren't as good than the main two big areas, see at bottom of the review the first EDIT.Definitely not a a gameplay design very tuned, multtiple flaws, and more a light CRPG. But if you enjoy explore to dicover stuff ""arround the corner"", if you enjoy have a lot of freedom, not just where you go and which parts or quests you do first but also how you'll do it, and what tuned rules you'll choose for yourself, then it's a CRPG to play. Otherwise avoid it, particularely if you are obsessed by optimization, high challenge and completionist play, I doubt it can be enjoyed if you expect that from a CRPG.FIRST VERSION:-----------------------Playing chapter 2, a temporary thumb up vote. The game isn't really impressive and often gameplay elements feels a bit simple. But for now it is well captivating overall and sometimes it's a charming distraction.For now it builds well the feeling of adventuring, and with mage the combats are quite fun once you have learned mroe spells. There's plenty little things to discover and it's cool, for example there's many special items and it's cool when you find one. There's also plenty little tricks, many are very simple but not all and anyway each time you discover a trick it's a little pleasure.It's definitely light and it could probably have a more tuned design, but for now it is surprisingly fun, that's why the thumb up vote despite it's not trully a great CRPG. But if you don't like slow paced CRPG avoid it. It's about managing, exploring and discovering little stuffs, adventure in a world. Quote that the farming and house building is almost a separate gameplay element but also you can ignore them to focus play a more classic CRPG, but will still more management and little crafting than usual.EDIT1 after 100H of (slow) playing :--------------------------------------------Still enjoying playing the game, it's light but cool fun. But by progressing more I started quote parts not as well filled. The first too big areas of the game, Darkwood and Balrum, each made of 4 areas and many little dungeons plus a few a bit bigger, are the core of the game and the best of the game, many little thing to discover, many little tricks, many special areas. The filling in Darkwood is a bit more dense so better, but Balrum is close and benefits of tricks a bit less basics.There's other areas a dead land, a desert, a sort of abandonned garden, and alas their filling is much less good. The dead land filling isn't that bad with some good stuf, but it's still quite weaker than Darkwood and Balrum. The desert is a bad thematic that easilly generate bordeom areas and this one is no exception with a very weak filling and stuff of interest too much spread. Moreover the lack of structure and arena syndrome make the desert even more weak. The wide garden isn't as weak but it is far to Darkwood and Balrum quality. So later the game starts show serious weaknesses, probably coming from a game too huge and some later parts a bit rushed, but also some bad thematic choice as the desert.For now I still have fun to play it, because I avoid play too long and only the weaker parts and alternate between them, plus continue explore more Balrum areas. So as soon as it works I let this thumb up vote, but frankly I don't see how I won't end with a thum down vote as a warming about the significant weaknesses of later parts."
76561198030744400,Not Recommended,424250,24267606,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,spag7241,"Get ready to collect stuff. Thats what this game is all about, go out and start collecting ores, rare woods, and other drops to throw into your ""safeplace"" to eventually craft into useful gear. That is what i found fun about, just go out and mine for ore looking for gold to sell to venders to afford training.Sadly, the combat is pretty bad. Pure caster is just not viable period, as your spells just cost too much to even finish 1 same lvl  monster with any predictability, as the monster have cheap and unbalanced moves that just force you to take hits, which you can't take as a pure caster.  For example, some monster have ""reflect"" which causes any damage you do to them to instead go you, a spider has this ability for some reason; a spider can also web you in place; see the problem? I like casters, but was pretty much forced to go melee to deal with this, strapping on the armor and killing my casting ability. Even as melee, the combat is just clicking to kill the thing which keeping your eyes peeled on his status bar to see if he ""somehow "" reflecting damage or is immune to it.This game is flagged as an RPG, and combat is a very major pillar in RPGs, with the others being exploration (quests and finding new and interesting things), and character interactions  (talking to NPCs, deciding what quests to do and how to intreract with them, etc). The exploration in this game is very good, the character interactions are passable, but the combat is horrible :( Sadly, I cannot recommend a game with horrible combat, I just can't. I will attempt to keep playing it,  on the off chance something changes, but the crappy combat just killed my interest in this :("
,Recommended,424250,30705691,Posted: 24 March,all,TheImmortalRod,"This game is EXTREMELY underrated. If you liked any of the following games:- Terraria (similar in terms of item stylization and stack sizes/tools/building/npcs)- MU Online (back in the day)- Any roguelike game (because this isn't 100% roguelike, but it's a sick hybrid)- Turnbased strategy games.- Runescape (similar in terms of skills and money)- Sprite based games.- Open world games.- Challenging games.- Games with a decently large amount of content.- Games that don't seem to constantly crash, even run smoothly with very low CPU usage.- Games with attention to detail:-- You can get hurt mining.-- When you talk to someone asleep you scream them awake.-- Drinking and eating give you buffs at full health.-- You get a puppy from the start, and it does fun stuff with you.-- Many, many, many versitle ways to make money.-- Some notes you pick up are dirty and you have to dust them off to read them.-- Bugs can randomly appear in your backpack.-- Hitting a deer with a fireball and killing it cooks it % based on damage.It's just a lot of small love that adds up to a good game, I'm actually struggling to come up with too many bad things...The kind of bad (so far, I'm only on chapter one):- Building is limited to a special 'safe' area.- AI tracking seems a little bit off, I always seem to outrun NPCs.- Then again, if it wasn't off I'd be getting♥♥♥♥♥blasted every four seconds, so at least it helps when you play as a mage.- Bosses are hella hard when playing on hard. I always go for the challenge, but I'm having to grind a bit; which, all in all, when there's plenty of random crap to explore, I don't mind that much.- Music cycle seems repetitive, but not awful. In the starter city you do notice the loop though; and it's slightly taxing on the ears. The ambience easily makes up for it though. Amazing cricket/bird/wind/rain noises.Beyond that, dude, for $15? If you're complaining about the price you don't understand how the economy works. When someone puts THIS much clear love into a games development, it's worth the pittance they ask."
76561197972665269,Recommended,424250,24192519,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,★ Ana R Chy ™,"In general I like Balrum,it's quite good balanced and has a huge varity of possible pathes you can choose during your Adventure. A lot of quests are waiting for you and also decisions to make.It starts already at the begin if u want or focus on your survival with different difficulties (starving fast or not)sadly you can't choose between female/male so whole storry is bound to an male character. (in my opinion a choise is everytime better than a forced charakter, specially in RPGs)It still need quite a while to get into all the options you have but if u know them it open new way s of evolving your gameplay.I personaly like the options with your petsI ve still some crashes but i don t know if it could be my not so optimal laptop or if there are still some bugs in the linux version.At the end still with bugs or my crappy laptop I like this game and searched for a while to find a game like this, and i ll continue to play this game.I hope my english isn't that bad, so maybe a bit long but hopefully understandable. It's my first review so if you can give me hints for my next, let me knowSo if you like storry rich RPGs i hope you enjoy it like me.with friendly regratsyour Anna r Chy"
,Recommended,424250,33184282,Posted: 3 July,all,scörched_earth,"I've been playing Balrum for a few days now and I am having a great time. I just cannot seem to put it down. Saves are local based so if you're playing on multiple platforms, it's a good time as any to roll a different character and experience the wider game.I've been getting myself into trouble running around the town during the night looking for homes in which the occupants are all asleep. I spend the night pillaging and the day time selling back to the owners! If only I could find the NPC that will enable me to pick locks! Turn based means turn based! If you died in combat, you're probably neglecting potions/items/trinkets/and a wealth of other materials and items in your possession.This game is best leveraged when you consider target ranges, movement speeds, and how long your actions take. If you accidentally shoot someone with an arrow and were busy looting like I have been, you'll come across some single use 'forget crime' scrolls you can use to set things right. Also, saving frequently when in 'the world' helps.Lastly.. DO NOT! DO NOT have 0% thirst and try moving a bunch of tiles (holding down or auto pathing). You will kill yourself really quick.Wife's now playing alongside with me, great game, seriously try it out! The price is great for an all platformer! Installing on my Linux box, already have Mac and Windows done."
76561198035248147,Recommended,424250,30645528,Posted: 20 March,all,curtyuiop,"Open world, turn based, in depth.  YES, open world - turn based!You walk around in an open/dangerous world and if you come close to a monster, the turn based battle begins.Spend alot of time in town upgrading and finishing nearby quests.Start to venture out, cut down trees, collect berries, nothing re-spawns in the wild!Huge world to explore with enemies throughout.Game is hard, (makes you think) what quest shall you do next?Take whatever path you like, mage, swordsman, archer, how awesome.Must use common knowledge when buying/selling goods as there is such a variety in items.Choosing the right products for your inventory and for your own interests will map out your success/failure rate for the future.Just have 7 hrs of play as a mage so far and still grinding the quests and resources before I engage in battle/adventures.After playing it, it is hard, you have to think, and the world is huge my brothers and sisters.Been following the game for 1 year and finally bought and played it.  So glad I did this and think that I should have bought it sooner!But don't worry k? 2017 marks my 40th year of videogaming and after playing every type of game, I recommend this retro award winner!"
,Not Recommended,424250,28810859,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheSilverHammer,"I really love the idea behind Balrum, but unfortunately the execution of that idea is pretty bad.First of, the UI is terrible.  Most everything is done through a context menu.  For example, farming.  You click on a single farm plot, open a menu, then click harvest.  Then click on it again, to open it, and then select “water” to water the plot.  Repeat for every farm plot you have.You may find yourself trying to chase people down so you can just talk to them.   You may have several conversation options for a person, but after choosing one of them, you have to cancel the dialog (there is no back button) at which point the take off like a race horse and you need to chase them down again.  There are many other UI issues with this game.Then there are just a tun of mechanics that are badly thought out or serve no purpose other than to be annoying.  For example, every once in awhile a bug will appear in your backpack and start eating your food.  You need to stop what you are doing and find the bug and click it to death.  This happens randomly.  Then crops can get diseased.  This serves no purpose other than to make you click ONE MORE THING through the farming context menu (to cure disease).  There is a skill called survival that will let you make a tent in the woods to camp in.  It's a nice idea, but the problem is that at the very beginning of the game you get a teleport stone to go to a safe area where you can just build a house with a proper bed.  Why would  you ever camp in a tent when you can teleport at will to your house?  It's like the devs listened to a bunch of forum people and just threw everything they could think of in the game.I tried 3 playthroughs of this game.The Mage:Maxed out my wisdom and int.  I had a fireball spell I started with.  It takes a ridiculous amount of mana to cast, 150 pts.  My mage regenerates like 12 mana a turn.  Do the math on how long it takes to recover just ONE fireball’s worth a mana.  Now the fireball does like 100 pts of damage, if it doesn’t miss or misfire.  This might be cool, except that level 1 monsters have like 1500 hp.  So that is like 10 fireballs if they all hit to kill ONE monster.  Oh, your mana pool is like 550 mana, so you are not going to be casting 10 fireballs.  Also my starting pet dog (or is it a wolf?) can’t hold aggro.  Then there are the monsters who just drain all your mana.  They are not that infrequent.So a mage is right out.The Hunter / Archer:Ok, archers have ranged attacks, and don’t run out of mana.  It's easy to get a bunch of arrows, so that is covered.  Their arrows do about the same damage as the mages fireballs.  So mages really suck now.  As a hunter, you have a skill to tame better animals.  So I want to replace my wimpy dog with a bear.  Bears hit like a truck and have like 2000+hp.  So I try and tame a bear.  Then my level 2 bear gets pwned by a level 1 wolf and now my bear has like 1000 hp and hits like an enraged kitten.  WTF?!  So basically my ‘dog’ pet graphic was replaced with a bear graphic.  I see another bear who is the real deal and its stats blow my pet’s out of the water.  Also the pet can’t hold aggro so monsters ignore it and just beat on me.  The pet kind of has no real point anymore.I also have a bow.  I can’t see how my character can be considered an archer when he misses like 33% of the time.  I then train up weapon smithing so I can make better bows.  The jokes on me, I wasted my learning points because bows are made with carpentry, not weapon smithing.  So I look at all the bow recipes, even the advanced ones I can’t make and guess what?  The average weapon damage is all the same.  IE: crappy bow does 50 to 110 damage.  Better bow does 60 to 100 damage.  Top end bow does 70 to 90 damage.  There are no other perks or benefits to these better bows.  Well then, that's the end of the archer.The Warrior:This seems the be the build of Balrum.  They get decent armor, they get weapons that actually do a lot more damage.  It's like they forgot about the other two classes.So I played this the most and it was ok.  I could kill most any critter, but it was usually close and frequently I would have to use healing potions.  You just had to stand around after each battle and wait to heal up.  It got old after a while and I got bored of the rinse and repeat.In conclusion, Balrum *could be* a much better game if the devs greatly improved the UI and did a lot of balancing to make mages and archers much more viable   They should just remove the annoying and pointless mechanics while rebalancing the others.  Fix pets.  When I tame an animal, it better have the same stats is the original.  Reduce the grind, let me water all my crops at once.  Let me click harvest them.  Get rid of the context menus everywhere.  Just make the UI efficient. Map a key to open the pet menu in addition to keeping the key to select the pet.I'd love to revisit this game some day and say that it is awesome.  It could be, but it need a fair amount of work to get there."
,Recommended,424250,28690663,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dbvel,"I'd say it's a ""slow paced"" (or pleasant, if you prefer) rpg game with survival (not strategy!) elements. If you like farming, housing and single player RPG, I'd definitely recommend Balrum. Don't demand too much from combat/interactive mechanics and, of course, from graphics.PS.: LOTS of walking around.P.S.: Playing this game while listening to Diablo I's town soundtrack is nostalgically pleasant.P.S.: I don't get the ""strategy"" tag: just because it is turn-based? This tag confuses even steam. Search ""more like this"" and you'll find a lot of tactical rpg that are essentially not like this."
76561198045015670,Recommended,424250,22010619,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SigilFey,"Have about 30 hours invested (mostly offline!)Fun game!  I don't wish to be too decisive at this stage, so I'll keep it general:Who will LOVE this?+ Anyone who remembers the gameplay of the old Ultima series fondly.+ Gamers that enjoy the stiff challenge of calssic RPGs (the ability to be killed by aggressive mosquitos early on).+ Patient people that enjoy an intelligent, methodical approach -- needing to figure out what they're ""ready for"" on their own.Who will HATE this?- Gamers that prefer X = Attack, Y = Power attack.- People that want the quick grind/reward system of Diablo, Path of Exile, Torchlight, etc.- Anyone that needs constant action and graphical fidelity to stay engaged.All said, I am really enjoying the game!  I'm definitely of the LOVE category.  Throwback games like Eschalon, Serpent in the Staglands, Xenonauts...(slower pacing; deliberate mechanics; real danger if you overreach)...are some of my favorites.  The story is interesting, though not enthralling.  The mechanics are smooth enough, though not refined.  The crafting is very functional, though not absorbing.The above sort of sums up the salient features of the game.  It's an enjoyable romp, and everything works!  But nothing wows or amazes.  I'm not far enough along yet to see how all of the pieces come together, but I'm having all sorts of fun with each individual piece -- quests, combat, and crafting.If there's one thing that needs work, it's the game's method of introducing players to the specifics of its mechanics, especially the crafting/cooking/smithing/alchemy systems.  The necessity to explore and learn from mistakes is great and all.  However, sometimes the game is so obscure with its presentation of new things, that you won't even realize THAT something has happened, let alone WHY it worked out that way.I'm still enjoying myself immensely!  Well worth a purchase!"
76561197989842289,Recommended,424250,33461752,Posted: 11 July,all,MiK,"I've been forgetting to write this review for a long time. Still, here is my contribution.By the time of posting, Balrum have 221 mostly positive reviews and.. dunno how many currently in-game, since Steam can't help it.What I would like to say is this game is magical. Fairy tale with great immersive atmosphere delivered by sprite based graphics and fine tunes of music and sound.What you do in this game is live.Walk.Enjoy warm rain covering your skin, while walking among green heels.0% indutsry poisoning.Discover.Your trusty pet companion besides. Tamed by youreself.Talk to people, which you knew since your childhood.Help them. Eat. Feel good. Bathroom not included. And there is magic.Much like my experience of beloved and lost Ultima Online. Believe it, or not. :))))For those of you familiar with UO, it'll surely bring some good memories, and if not, but interested in alike kind of games, be so kind and spend some of your precious time to get familiar with Ultima history and it's magical atrifical world, which became real for some minds.Almost forgot to mention, played 70+ hours with Steam Controller like a charm. Added neat config to database. Feel free to use.edit:1) After reading some comments, would like to add. Yes, it's hard sometimes. But isn't life? Nobody pushes you to go the hard way. It's always a choice.2) Curse my language, it's better than Fallout 4, you human!"
,Recommended,424250,21688702,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,StratX,"I'm pretty smitten with Balrum so far. It seems like a great attempt and take on maintaining a robust cRPG, while still injecting it into an open world with activities, building and survival. Some have initially expressed concern over thirst and hunger which the developers addressed. I like the outcome, but even with the new mechanics, players may still feel under pressure as they just try and figure out how the game works, what they can do and learn it's intricacies.With that in mind, I created a small video: 5 tips for getting started in Balrumhttp://www.zero-friction.net/2016/03/07/5-tips-for-starting-out-in-balrum/"
76561198041671817,Recommended,424250,21595283,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kennethtabor87,"A good isometric game with good graphics, clean UI. I like walking  a  vast world, gives a sense of exploration with alot  of things to stumble upon. Does not hold your hand and developers keep starvation and thirst, you can eat plants raw, kill deer or buy food. There is the option to cook plants, roast deer, find wells, fill water bag and eventually you can grow crops , raise animals and again  cook at your Safe Area where you can sleep and even make a water well. Thus hunger and thirst is part of the game, realistic and readily handled if not lazy. Also if you cannot walk around trees and plants then too bad. I like the idea of a companion animal. A well made wonderous game with an excellent price and foresee many quality hours of exploring and learning the lore. It does take alot of experience to level up, but go carefully and earn it. You don't want a too easy game. Enjoy the story, exploration, the journey, and there is enough action. Some players want all action, constant conflict. this diminishes the journey, If not go  to Diablo or some other mindless slugfest. A much improved Eschalon type game, with much improved graphics. I whole heartily recommend this game. I play offline so disregard hours played."
,Recommended,424250,21570129,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,unjoined,EDIT:At this moment people are saying that this is an eating and drinking simulator. At least try to play the game in normal before asking for refund. It's actually pretty good.EDIT: Hunger/thirst situation is resolved and therefore you may skip any negative review based upon that.ProsOld school RPGChallengingSurvival (farming and crafting) elementsHousing systemAttention to detailBeautifulGood soundAtmosphericBig + for low end pc gamersConsI think some items lack discription on mouse-over*Devs are listening :P*An auto pause system for dialogue could helpAn auto pause system when building could helpFingers crossed for dlc's and future expansions :D
76561198033395447,Recommended,424250,21566180,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Clever28nj,"I like the game thus far, especially the beginning because character creation is very nice and adds some depth. It's a bit harder to play than some titles, only because the interface is small scale. I'm just getting started, but I thought I'd give it a thumbs up.I do like that I can play it in a window, while working on other stuff. It definately has a lot of content and a lot of bang for the buck... However I believe it could also be a time consuming experience to learn what works, etc. So, if the game looks like something you'd like, and you have the time to invest in it, I don't see why you would avoid this title.I'll be playing this, Stardew Valley, and Grim Dawn, so I think I'm set on good/lengthy games for the next few months!"
,Recommended,424250,21607097,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,CallmeNezo,"Its very injoyable to play, already put in 20+ hours in it, and still at chapter 1 because there some many options to do. And i love the hunger and thirst option. Because in most rpgs there always the cooking options. But since almost very food gives not much hp, its better to just drink potions. But now there actually a reason for the cooking option.The combat have also some combos where you can mix up som different types off combats warrior/mage -> warrior/tame tank monster -> Archer/mage -> Archer/tame monster to take damage for you. -> Warrior/mage and so on. There also alot off different kind og skills that you can use with Archer/warrior/mage types.   Break armor, Cause Bleed, Blind opponent, Steal hp when enemy heals and so on. You can combo many different types of tactics.Alchemist: There very many types of potions you can make. -> Heal you're self and allies -> Mana&hp -> Posion and heal. Its all up to you'reself what you want to do because you can make you're own recipies. The same with cooking you can make you're own recipies.Hunter/Taming: I have not tryed every monster, but i think you can tame everything as long its a animal.Mining/smelting gives you the option to make you're own armor/weapons(As long you you also learn to make it)/Tools and materials for you're house/ and its a great way to make money.Farming is the option for getting ¨free¨ food and materials for cooking and Alchemist.The only things that should be fixed is either to make the monsters to respawn after some time/days or to make them give more xp. Since on master its very hard to deal with monsters, and the storyline sometimes have you to deal with more than 1-2 monsters and quests are the only thing that gives alot xp and you have to have alot of xp to level up. So sometimes you actually gets stuck without being able to moving on because you can't level up, because monsters gives very little xp."
76561197984529431,Recommended,424250,31920735,Posted: 23 May,all,muricaderp,"I have to say, i haven't quite played a game like this before. It sure is a change of pace from typical Turn based RPG's. If you ever played Arcanum of Magika and steamworks, or Fallout 1 or 2. Then you have a good idea as to what i am referring to.This game is imerssion on steriods, you can live in the world, build a house, raise livestock, craft. Although i havent gotten past act 1, i wouldn't be surprised if you can marry to. Balrum is great, and is still challenging. You won't be able to be a jack of all trades doing 12 billion damage in 1 attack at level 500. This game wan'ts you to think about your choices, and adapt your gameplay accordingly, which is good, thinking is good! buy it, support the idie dev who made it, and enjoy the game."
76561197982893207,Recommended,424250,28216694,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Godwin,"This is a very, very good game imo.The reason why is that it has so much charm and is so much fun to play. The attention to detail, the background of the Darkwood, the freedom and especially all the hidden fun. It has that awesome feeling of the 'old RPG's' like the earlier Ultima's in how the world is a big living place full with wonders to explore.By 'hidden fun', I mean that the game does a stellar job of rewarding exploration. It's crazy how packed the area is with all kinds of content (even seemingly border forest filler can contain new interesting places), all containing mini-stories (or large stories!) and involving puzzles or multiple ways to solve issues or handle stuff.There are only quest entries for the bigger quests, but there are many rewards for following your instinct and logical reasoning.There is a bit of a downside though: if you play as a mage, you really have to min-max and preferrably dual-class and probably hold off with the 'Necromancer Tower' quest until after visiting Kyler's village (just head there without prompt), because otherwise you'll probably be too weak. There is no warning of mages being so weak at first.But, I enjoy my mage now and it seems I'm past that hurdle.The music is actually quite nice and the graphics are old-school, nothing bad.I could write a ton more about how incredibly rewarding exploration is, as well as being able to solve stuff multiple ways, but you'd better hop into the game and experience it first-hand ;)Oh, there's a very nice crafting system too and you can build your own home in a safe haven, really cool addition that!"
,Not Recommended,424250,29090249,Posted: 7 January,all,Luna,"My initial reaction upon seeing this game was, ""Oh!  It's like Eschalon!""  And it is, in a way: the graphics are almost identical, combat is pretty similar (though it has some very nice differences/upgrades), and the way things are hidden feels quite the same.  Similar as well is the grindy nature of the game, and the almost baffling lack of information on where to go and how to find things in some quests, while other quests are basically taking ten steps and falling over the item you need.After having played the game for a while (37 hours) I feel like I'm in a decent enough position to give more of a robust opinion, and here it is:The game crashes roughly every hour.  More frequently if I leave it in the background while I run something else.  The quick-save hotkey is my best friend, both because it is extremely easy to die (ranger) and because of the aforementioned crashing.Pets are... strange.  I kept the original wolf pet for a very long time and just recently switched to a bear; don't do this.  Bears are so very slow that you're actually better off dismissing the pet and only recalling it when you're about to get into combat -- or learn to kite and trap with skill.  Given that you have the option of a pet, I would think that said pet would be better at holding threat since ranged characters are by necessity going to focus on statistics other than beefing up defence, but that could easily just be me.  :)The UI also has some issues that are frustrating, but clearly not enough to make me walk away.  I keep my map up in dungeons (not sure why there isn't a mini-map, gotta say) and it frequently will overlap other elements even if I keep it tucked to the side thanks to its mostly invisible but very large borders.  Similarly, if I try to put my tiny fatigue/food/water bar over my pet's health bar I generally have to ease it over because something causes the two bars to repel like magnets, or water and oil.The Skill system is not what I'd hoped it would be, and could really use some love.  Given that you have only so many points to spend on your crafting skills (armour, weapons, hunting, survival, farming, etc.) you'll frequently find yourself sacrificing some skills for others just to get by because these skills Do Not level up as you utilize them.  At all.  Also, being that I'm still in Chapter 1, it's getting really difficult to find folks that will teach me the higher ranks of skills.  Money is also an issue, given that you have to pay not only your precious level-earned points but the game's currency as well, and vendors do not typically stock a lot of 'thaler' -- nor do they buy things from every category.  The realism would be nice if it didn't get in the way of smooth gameplay.Combat is pretty boring, I have to admit.  If you're stunned or generally unable to act for yourself the game will flow along without your input being necessary -- but if you're only stuck in place but can't reach a foe for whatever reason you'll end up tapping your spacebar far more than feels right.The map is huge and there are a lot of interesting things tucked away in nooks and crannies and that's great!  The fact that you plod along at less than a jog is not so great.  There is a sort of fast-travel, but it isn't nearly so convenient as in the Eschalon games and I'm positive about 88% of the game has been wasted just trying to get from point A to B, or in attempting to find an easily overlooked area.  Give me a fast travel system, or a mount, or the ability to sprint -- something.  Anything to ease the waste of time.The crafting setup is pretty weird as well: you can't walk away from your smelter, for example, and have it continue smelting.  Nor can you walk away from food you're cooking, or alchemical recipies you're brewing.  You have to stand there while it slowly churns through your queued materials, and here's the thing: you can't even click onto another recipe to read the details of it because that will also cancel out your current action.Building your home is basically an unfinished aspect of the game.  There are only two angles any given item can be placed at, and you need to learn both of those as individual recipes.  You can't just hold shift or alt or whatever and have the item rotate or snap to a wall.  The only time the walls become transparent is if you're laying down floor tiles, so don't think you can use half of the space available to you because A: the items won't neatly fit or turn to look right, and B: you won't be able to see them unless they're quite tall.In summation, would I suggest that someone else lay down their hard-earned cash for this game as it currently is?  No.  I would not.  My current plan is to get a few hours into the next chapter and if the game doesn't improve in some fashion I'm going to set it aside until it's updated and improved.  I honestly thought this was an early-access Alpha until twenty-some hours in.Quick edit at close to 60 hours: I saved the game and walked away for the evening, came back this morning to all of yesterday's progress gone.  I still have the achievements (and quests!), but none of the items, map clearing, or experience I gained yesterday has remained.  What the hell, game?Another edit: My pet is now having some pretty serious issues.  If it dies it disappears from the screen, but it slowly regenerates health.  I can't revive it, I can't heal it, I can't dismiss it.  If I exit out of the game and load back in the pet will return.  If I just leave it, eventually the pet will return to full health and after I've changed maps a few times it sometimes runs in from off screen.  I have no idea what is going on there.  If there's interest I'll try to make a recording of it, but since taking screen-caps gives me a red screen I'm not sure how well it will work. :)"
76561198003036772,Not Recommended,424250,22827549,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sloul,"The major issue of Balrum is that it's not designed to be fun.I would say, only the crafting/farming might do that trick for some people; but the thing with farming is that it can become very much a boulder and force you to constanty take care of your plants/animals.That's why I personnally stoped caring about those and just crafted the only needed items: Bread and Bow to get infinite resources and focus on the main reason I play the game: the rpg side.But before jumping to storyline/quests design, I was also quite bored with the combat mechanics and archetypes.There are 3 archetypes: Bowman, Magic caster and Warrior.All of them utter boring. All you want is to use your 3 dps skills, and then use your stuns to refresh dps skills cooldown and sometimes heal yourself with what you got.It is very static and quite not tactic, it's simply time consuming.That's probably the game biggest flaw imo, there is no fun in creating your character when you understand the ropes, character evolution is utter boring and combat mechanics utter boring.Then comes the quests, which are not bad, nothing particulary superb, but quite decent.With the good idea that some of them can be solved in hidden ways.Story line is also pretty enchanting, but very linear as you have only one way to progress in the story: the way you are told.All in all, although its charms (which are there), the game is b.o.r.i.n.g."
,Recommended,424250,22263505,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tamaster,"I am now 30+ hours in, and i found this fantasy cRPG very interesting. As a veteran hardcore RPG player, the following are my opinions about this game:+ Pros:+ Great variety of things to do and discover+ Deep crafting mechanics+ Challenging and varied enemies that require strategy and planning to defeat (except cerain situations, see below)+ Massive open world that will take you a lot to fully explore+ Good lore+ Intesesting and rewarding side quests with many different goals+ Gameplay greatly varies with different classes, improving replay value+ Overall good artistic direction and visuals- Cons:- Traps are way overpowered if used in certain ways through combat- Inventory sorting generally is messy and lacks in-depth categorization / customization- Stealing from people is way too easy with any class, there even is a forget crime spell if you are caught which is fairly common (!)- Fixed projectile traps of dungeons and certain areas can be abused to defeat any enemy without effort, as they still work in real-time while turn-based combat is ongoing (!). As a result, you can lure any enemy near say, a fireball trap, and this trap will keep spamming on it until he is dead, and since it will be your turn the enemy will just stand still until he is dead. This is a major combat mechanics flaw.- Certain specializations are not worth being learned because the overall loot one can find greatly overcomes the one that can be crafted with said specializations.That is all. I rate this title 8 out of 10, it is a good cRPG which is well worth its price, and if some flaws are fixed and some mechanics improved it could become a great hidden gem of the genre."
76561198033617861,Recommended,424250,26571178,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Marianojoey,"Balrum is an interesting game. It allows the player a great deal of liberty in the world, has an interesting story to tell, a fun character development system (both at creation and in game), nice and easy to grasp mechanics, the UI is simple and functional and the music is nice to have in the background. :)I'm using it on Linux, and it works flawlessly. Give it a go, if you want an RPG that's not about the visuals, but the choices. :)"
76561198060822053,Recommended,424250,25345472,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SuperNerdJoel,"Here's the thing about Balrum, I like it more for what it could be than for what it is. I want people to buy this game because I want it to have a sequel, a sequel with a better sense of progression and more intuitive crafting and inventory management.  Balrum has the foundation of an amazing game, I want to see more built on it."
,Recommended,424250,29535083,Posted: 27 January,all,AvWolf,"Something about this game has me seriously hooked.  When I'm not playing, I'm usually wishing I was playing.  Balrum just scratches an itch for me and is the perfect game for what I want to play right now.  A lot of the game isn't particularly intuitive, but once you're able to accept some of the rough edges in the UI, it usually plays well.Balrum's got a pretty sedate pace, which is a little odd for a game with Hunger, Thirst, and Tiredness meters.  But even though the survival mechanics are reasonably well implemented, they simply aren't strict enough to be problematic once you're clear of the early game.  This isn't Nethack: as long as you pay a bit of attention and plan slightly ahead, you probably won't have ""starving"" be your most common death.  Since farming and cooking are important mechanics, it's not especially hard to keep yourself going.  The game is perfectly happy to let you spend some time dawdling.  In a bit of a twist, it's usually *your* character that pretends they're in a hurry (""I'll go do that right away!"") and the other characters are much less urgent about the things they ask you to do.The combat system is...servicable.  It's nothing very fancy, and I wish there was a bit more depth to it, unfortunately there's just not enough variety in the things you do (and since everything is weighted to a ""turn"", this may actually be for the best anyhow).  There's a huge amount of status effects, and roleplaying choices are often rewarded with status effects (though it's somewhat frustrating to get these buffs and then not actually be in any position to do any fighting and take advantage of them). There are a specific set of enemies on any given map, with no respawning, so there is a definite ceiling on your experience.  And since enemies provide very little experience compared to the huge sums you'll quickly start needing to level up, you'll eventually clear things out, just trying to scrape together as much experience as you can.Quests provide the bulk of your experience (at least as far as I've gotten in the game) and so you definitely are encouraged to seek them out.  Exploration is often rewarded.  There are some pretty satisfying puzzles, and there are several quests for which the easy answer isn't the best one.  The most valuable resource in the game appears to be the learning points which you spend to get skills.  A big problem is that several of the crafting skills don't seem to have much bang for the buck -- at least not at first, I haven't gotten to the point where they're ""decent"" -- so it feels like a waste to invest in them (which is a shame, because the crafting system is pretty interesting, though not necessarily intuitive).The lore is, at least to me, quite fascinating.  It's scattered around in bits and pieces, and there's often a surprising amount of environmental storytelling -- usually implying a gruesome end to whoever's journal you've been reading.  There are some characters who I wish I could tell things to the game doesn't allow.  I'd love to be able to give Thurza the letter from her husband that you find on his mauled body.I sank forty hours into the game, then decided ""you know, I *like* this swordplay character, but I'm wondering if I'd be happier as an archer.""  So I started the game over and happily  discovered the answer is ""yes"" (and then did so again a couple hours later after I discovered that you don't want to take Alchemy as a starting skill -- there's a skill book to teach it to you early on, saving you money and ever-precious learning points; I had always had Alchemy and had picked up Alchemy 2 by the time I got the Herbalism book on my first character, so I didn't get to try out the books and see how they worked until my second character).Balrum really isn't a game for everyone.  Some people won't like the relaxed pace.  Some people won't like the just-barely-deep-enough-to-be-interesting combat.  Some people won't like the quest structures, which often demand exploration and experimentation or don't give you much to go on.  Some people won't care for the survival systems.  But me, man, I love this thing."
76561198031314814,Not Recommended,424250,22612883,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gwen,"When I saw the adverts for BALRUM, presenting it as a ""an old-school, hybrid turn-based, open world RPG with deep tactical combat"" and exploration, I was hooked. Remembering old AD&D game titels (like Pool of Radiance) or the famous Baldur's Gate.Sadly the game is not matching the expectations. The RPG element is a vague story with no player choices and skip-through text windows, the deep tactical combat is mostly staying out of range and wearing down enemies with almost zero tactical possibilites and the exploration is mostly running through woods while avoiding lowlevel monsters that will eat your face and getting stuck in obstacles. And all this happens - or doesn't happen - as you try to figure out what your characters purpose is, why villagers want to murder you after you piked up a random pumpkin and above all, why your dog companion despawns and the all powerfull magic does no damage leaving you in hand-to-hand combat with undead.The retro look is really nice and the story might be wonderfull, but because of how gameplay, controlls, story telling, gathering & crafting, fight and the whole RPG element works, I cannot recommand BALRUM."
,Recommended,424250,24749984,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AirFlow,"Yes, this is one of those games where I turn off all the lights, have dozens of Doritos bags, and multiple Mountain Dew bottles while lint builds up in my belly button (I'm talking about you Skyrim).This is an interesting intake on a hybrid RPG turn-based game with survival elements. I can cook dif recepies, craft a bunch-load of stuff, a whole lot of looting and exploration, etc. One of my favorite features is the safe house where it's like a minigame/level editor. You can mess around and build houses, furniture, flora, etc... It also seems the devs went to great lengths to include the small details like for ex: adding manure to a field in order to have a better crop. Overall I'm enjoying the game very much and I'm only on the first sandbox map."
76561198033836833,Recommended,424250,24111102,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Corrupted Bunny,"A bit of a learning curve to it, but if you take the game slow and play smart, you will find there is little you can't overcome. There are three main weapons, sword, bow, and spell, and you can pick two of them to get skilled in. All the secondary skills can be learned also, but bear in mind you have a limited pool of points to train skills each level. The story I have seen so far has been well done, and you never feel trapped by it.That said, this is very much open world. It can be easy to end up lost in the sheer number of items you can collect, items which you can combine in crafting thousands of ways. You even get your own pocket dimention you can return to out of combat, and can turn it into a nexus with the right recipies.In short, a classless isometric RPG with survival elements and extensive crafting possibility."
,Recommended,424250,35065755,Posted: 19 September,all,Duckroll,"Very good game, lots of replay ability, survival / farming mechanics combined with RPG. You can turn the survival aspect down a great deal if it's not your thing. Many different types of crafting and playstyles. RPG aspect reminded me of Baldurs Gate or Fallout.Though there seems to be a main quest, the game is not at all linear and you can progress and prioritize as you choose."
76561197982727216,Recommended,424250,25331915,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,alanisman1,"Balrum reminds me of a mix between Baldur's Gate and the Avernum series.  While it differentiates itself with a good crafting and building system, the clunky AI, confusing UI, and slow movement speeds prevent it from being a classic.  I am still having fun building my home base and exploring the huge world however.  I do recommend when on sale.PROS+ Decent graphics and sound+ Good inventory system automatically organized by category+ Lots of different things to do (farming, smithing, alchemy, etc)+ Building your house/farm is fun (yet optional)+ Tons of items, recipes, spells, and components to find+ Huge world with lots of caves/dungeons to exploreCONS- Intriguing story and characters marred by subpar writing- Extremely slow walk speed in a large world is very irritating- Skills can only be increased by purchasing training- Difficult to determine what is stealing (wait until no NPCs are near)- Combat can be fun, but is usually clunky and awkward"
76561198067418565,Recommended,424250,21673855,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,QuarterSquats,"Looking at the game for the first time on steam it was interesting, it promised a lot; Farming, crafting, making your OWN items (look, symbol, name and reagents), building, combat, story, quests, side quests, pets, magic, archery, alchemy, the list goes on forever. This being started on kickstarter and developed by two guys i was leery to trust the quality and polish of the game, however ive had nothing but great experiences with all the mechanics of the game. It all works and it does just work it works really well with an incredible polish. ive spent all my hours in the game in the starting zone so far besides creating my own home exactly how i want it with crops and livestock. The starting area is great theres tons of little quests and they arent the typical RPG quests theyre realistic to the time and living within a fantasy village. so far ive been nothing but impresses and i hope the rest of the game is as polished and inviting as the beginning. The only thing i would like to see in the game is fishing, your house is made right beside a lake, however the lake doesnt have much purpose other than rehydration and decoration so it would be nice to see even a simple fishing mechanic implemented as an alternative source of food."
76561198050433002,Recommended,424250,21594255,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,rcjenn40,"UPDATED REVIEW 3/3/16Switched my review from negative to positive thanks to developers quick and responsive tweaking of game mechanics.Having died several times within the first hour of playing due to starvation/dehydration simply by trying to read Grandpa's initial wall of text and choices and having to step away from the game for a few minutes to make a pot of coffee, I am pleased to see that enjoying the game's storyline or personal needs is no longer a death sentence for my character.The game still doesn't pause needs while sorting through the many tabs of inventory, and your nourishment levels are still heavily drained by sleeping, which is also a need, so has to be done, but at least with new games you can also choose to diminish food/drink needs when you choose what difficulty you wish to play at.By clicking that your needs decay at about half the rate they would if left unchecked.Now to the game....excellent.It's an open world exploration/crafting/semi-turn based style mirroring the Eschalon and early Divinity games.Right at the beginning you're given a rune that teleports you to a secret, peaceful glen that you can call home, literally. There you can build a house, fill it with furniture and crafting tables, build farming plots and livestock stables, and as much storage that an OCD pack rat needs. And you can port there at any time you wish.So far the game seems to have a massive world to explore, full of quests, harvestables, secrets, NPC's, villages, dungeons and lairs. A cornocopia of RPG adventure giddyness.Mobs are varied, from roaming hostiles to resource meat and leather animals. They can even pop out at you from digging things up, chopping down tree's or other little gotcha moments.Many NPC's have back stories, some freely given, most wishing to hide some secret, be it personal or main story-wise. The world itself is fleshed out with its own history and lore, intrigue and mystery enough for lore junkies.It's definitely a worthy game for RPG fans who like big open worlds, crafting, exploration, open-ended character development, a home to call their own in, and an epic mystery to solve.For the price and the content within it, this game is definitely worthy of any adventure gamer."
,Recommended,424250,22084872,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Neppe,"I rarley bother to write reviews, but this one deserves some attention.I see several people compare this to Baldurs Gate, and I guess that makes sense. Personally I never liked Baldurs Gate. This one however, has so much more to offer. It might not be the game that wins awards for a great story, but the sheer amount  of things you can do in this title is impressive. And the best part about it, everything you do somewhat feels meaningfull. Gathering life plants, harvesting your crops, building a house, planting trees, crafting your custom made recipe armor, robbing a guy homeless, only to have him forgive you (I robbed a idiot, he deserved it, dont judge).You have a decent amount of skills to chose from, but you will not be able to get a lot of them, you have to make choices all the way. Some might be better then others, but none makes you feel like it was wasted. There is no one holding your hand here, there is are no checkpoints, no questmarker leading you to the location of the objective, you read, and you figure it out. This is probably not everyones cup of tee, but if you enjoy a RPG with tons of options, and even more consequences from the action or path you choose, this might just be a game you can sink some time in.I have no idea how far I am into the game, and I honestly do not want to know. It might not have the replay value of many games, but I have a feeling I might play through this more then once, just to try and go another way with my character.Dont let the graphics fool you, this game has more gameplay and options then most AA Titles. Yes it might be slow, there is a lot of walking, and no there is not a waypoint every 5 feet or skills that can teleport you to every inch of the map, but thats part of the joy. Everytime you walk the same path, you might just discover something you missed, and it wont be as tedious as you might think.9/10 Would starve again."
76561198026724426,Recommended,424250,24172174,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,this game might be my new favorite game in the world (tied with FTL). this game is all about exploration if you were to only follow the main questline you would only get around 20% of the content in this game. the combat is difficult yet rewarding when you finally take down that monster. the isometric aspect is to be completely honest a little laking. the only flaw i see in it is a poor UI. other than that i would give this game a 10/10
,Recommended,424250,23927537,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,✪Joshie_Boi,"Unsure of whether I would enjoy the game or not, I bought it and decided to give it a try. This game is a really good buy when one considers the price and what you get from the game itself. Building things is extremely fun and trading and farming is also simplistic yet really good.If you looking for a great RPG game or maybe a game for a lower end  PC then this is definitely a good buy."
76561198044635603,Recommended,424250,33556278,Posted: 15 July,all,Widunder,If you:* Looking for a relaxing game* Like to explore* Like old school RPGThen you're going to absolutely love it!!! This game is really awesome!
76561197973854407,Recommended,424250,21624870,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SleipnirS,"I like this game :3 It's not only about gearing and killing stuff since you can build your house, grow your own crops, living stock, etc. I only did one dungeon so far (the one mentioned at the very beggining) and it was a nice mix of deadly traps, monsters and puzzles. You have to be smart if you want to get all the good things!For it's price, it is TOTALLY worth it.EDIT : Ok, now that I have almost 30 hours of game time on my first and only character, I'm able to evaluate this game better.First, this game is huge. After 30 hours of playtime on ""normal"" difficulty mode, I feel like I barely did 50% of the game. The first map is divided in 4 zones (N/west, N/east, S/west, S/east) but there is ANOTHER map wich is exactly the same size as the first one. I have fully explored like 60% of the first map atm and just discovered the second one.Second, don't expect to be a pure serial killer. The game is designed that you can't lvl your skills too high to overpower a zone and your skill points are limited. You have to wisely chose if you want to be pure melee, hybrid melee/archer, mage, ventriloque or whatever. OR, even a basic skiller who can make better potions/food to compensate your lack of combat effectiveness. Since the monsters don't respawn and killing monsters give very low xp anyway, you only kill when you have to (monsters on your way/boss/for ressources you need) or else it is pretty much a waste of ressources. The best way to level up is to do quests, that is for sure. You can have a pet depending on your hunting lvl who can help you during battles too. Some of them are ""dps"" and move faster like the wolf, others are more tanky like the bear so you can chose which is the best for your play style.And lastely, the lore is good. like, really good. As you progress through the main quest, you find out more about you, the woods and what happened to this strange land they call Balrum. There's also messages you can find everywhere who act as side quests or just some stories who make the lore even better and certain situations even more stressful.There is still some things that could be fixed or ehanced but the game is patched really often based on player's feedback. Aside of that, this game is really fun and challenging.As I said earlier, this game is totally worth it!! It's hard to believe that this game was made by a small indie group. Very nice work you did there :O"
76561198005220030,Recommended,424250,21736819,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,GΣTØɄT,"Just bought and instantly spent 4 hours playing! Good and smooth graphics, well designed, well animated (if you like such kind of art, of course).Would recommend if you like UO and similar games: 10/10."
,Not Recommended,424250,21929895,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SC.Vith,"This game has a lot of potential that it fails to live up to. Once you get out of the intro village, the gameplay gets stale very quickly.You can build a cool house, but there's no point to doing so other than to satisfy your own buildernerd desires.Combat is awful.The quests are terrible and the character development is not very fun, either.Play Avernum if you want to play an RPG with a good, oldschool feeling."
,Recommended,424250,21939192,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ragnar GreyBeard,"Firstly I have a lot more hours vested in the game than shows.I will say that if you have played any of the Avernum games and enjoyed them you will love this game. The graphics are better and there is more of a sandbox style to it not to mention more things to do such as farming and base building. You can also mine and collect resourses for crafting which is also well done.At the start of a new game you are presented with a character creation UI.. Not many options here just setting up the basics, such as the fighter, mage or thief type. Granted later in the game you can add skill points in what ever way you wish!It has a story as well but you will spend most your time just tinkering around, with a little more polishing with the story and UI I would rate this game up there with the classics. Anyone who is a fan of the old-school cRPG's will fall in love with this game!The visuals, music and sounds are all well done but the best part of this game, and the most important is the gameplay and I give it a major plus for that. So all you Avernum and Eschalon fans do yourself a favor and get this game, you will not regret it and it is more than worth the low price! :-)"
76561198119272305,Not Recommended,424250,21800114,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,sfoisy,"Warning - this game has spots where ""puzzles"" encountered early on, if you move one thing the wrong way, will days - a week later prevent you from moving the story forward. It's a grinding game, so unless you enjoy repeatedly stabbing yourself in the leg with sharp objects, it's flaws like this that prevent me from wanting to spend money on indy things like this. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,424250,21583259,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pet_Monster_TW,"Could be fun if you were not forced to eat or drink every 5 minutes.My character started to starve while I talk with the first npc of the gamewent from %75 to %0  and started to take damage.There are random damage dealing objects around which dont make sense at allYou can click on any box or container in the game, but if you click certain characters' then you would be killed without warning.The first combat was this, and I couldnt even play because of being stunned all the time. Most boring fight I encountered for a while."
76561197975123078,Recommended,424250,29858467,Posted: 11 February,all,Kinfolk,"The game reminds me of Ultima Online (or maybe Divine Divinity?) - but in singleplayer and with separate instance building. Its rather slow - character development takes ages (after 11h I'm on the 4th level). Still missing development points, need to decide if I want to mine,craft armour or weapons... or maybe carpentry? But - I feel I will spend plenty more hours with Balrum. It is addiciting and have a syndrome of ""one more turn"". I have a real problem finding games that would give me fun (I've played so many over the years) - but Balrum did it. I can reccomend it for people who can forgive the graphic and wierd controls. Really good game."
76561198136377455,Recommended,424250,27229622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RPG,Review is of 1.12 and not 1.2. Overall a decent game. Gets kinda stretched thin towards the end.
76561198007796694,Not Recommended,424250,28931031,Posted: 1 January,all,Gildongs,"I love crafting/survival games like Terraria, This War of Mine, Starbound, Dead Age alongside cRPG games like Avernum series, Tyranny, Pillars of Eternity, and so forth. Balrum seemed a mesh of two worlds and I really enjoy playing the game for the first 5-6 hours. I think I'd still like it if it weren't for the persistent save bug + irresponsive developers. I can live with bugs in the game, but what happens if the lastest save you made for some unknown reason doesn't work? I tried using an older save and that worked, so continued playing, but then it happened again with another save file. This repeated a few times and the game is frustrating to play because I don't know when I have to back up the save. The quick save does not work either - the save works, but cannot quick load it.I've already raised the issue in the forum but developers are quite unresponsive."
,Recommended,424250,21606847,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,LadyAth,"Really enjoying this game and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great old school RPG.  Another plus is that the devs are responsive to requests and fixing problems quickly.  For a very small team, these guys have done a great job!"
,Recommended,424250,21731324,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kryptic Acid,"Balrum has so much to offer! Craft your own food with recipes you can create by mixing different food items. Craft your own armor by mining, smelting, and adding all types of modifies from items found through out the game. Housing is an amazing touch, build all your crafting tables at home, grow crops in your own garden (be sure to fertilize!!).Want to be an efficient thief? Learn to pick locks and rummage through everyone's homes ( be careful they aren't watching)All those plants you see laying around? Pick them up ,learn some alchemy, and once again you can combine several different items to make the perfect potion ( allows you to name it whatever you want and pick your own icon for it)Feel like taking on a dungeon? Don't think it's going to be easy! Multiple puzzles can put you through a loop but once completed you get that thrilling feeling for the loot at the end!!!Can you tame your own animals ? You bet you can with each companion having their own skills to control!multiple difficulties for veterans and newcomers alike. The hunger and thirst isn't a issue you have a surplus of wildlife, crops etc but if you feel it's to fast they have a option to slow it down. Difficulty effects it as wellOverall this game is a blast to play !! A few cons I've noticed so far....Some grammer errors that are getting patched outcontrols take a min to get use to ( auto walk helps a lot..right click)No tutorial . For me half the fun is experimenting anyways but for some it could be a down side. I would suggest a few YouTube videos to get you started if you have troubleWill update if more come to mind"
,Recommended,424250,33800679,Posted: 25 July,all,Lestibournes,"This game took me back to my days of playing Runescape during lunch in the school's computer lab.This game has a lot to it, but it requires patience, you're not going to breeze through this title in a mere 30 hours, You'll sink plenty of time into it, beacuse the game does not handhold. This is runescape combat and gameplay, with the annoying difficulty and frustratingly cold shoulder of a Dark Souls game."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,424250,29253284,Posted: 14 January,all,Naburimannu,"The developers put together an appropriately polished game, and many will enjoy it, there are just enough avoidable design errors that come across as user-hostile: the problem isn't that the game is hard, it's that the game is annoying, that there are any number of points where you regret what you've done for mechanical rather than story reasons (character development down an unrecoverable poor path), where you're strongly penalized for non-optimal play, or where arbitrary frustrations are dumped into the single main quest path."
76561198012155354,Recommended,424250,30436304,Posted: 10 March,all,puni puni [DEUS VULT],"I got this because I wanted an inexpensive crafting game. I liked the Ultima graphics. However, I am surprised at how invested I have become in the story and setting. I've spent a ton of time playing to make worth much more than the price point, and I'm still only on the first chapter."
,Not Recommended,424250,22183651,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ian,"For isometric, tactical combat, I found myself putting Balrum on the shelf and going with Underrail.I purchased Balrum days after it came out and it was hard-core realistic.  Then, the develpers, ""listening"" to the crowd changed some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥  Before, each piece of wheat took a few seconds to mill, the more wheat you had, the longer it took.  Now, milling 1 wheat or 50 wheat takes 3 seconds.  It's like I'm playing a cheap nintendo game.  Tactical combat is poor; it's basically a form of attrition.  Whoever has more HP and damage output will win.  There is no situation I have found where I can win against the odds.  It's like each battle is determined before it begins; if you start the wrong battle it's game over.  You either just swing swing swing your weapon as it hits hits hits you or you cast DOT spells and keep running away (the ultimate♥♥♥♥♥♥form of combat).I don't want to sound too negative because I LOVED this game for a few days when it first came out.  I thought the devs were building a realism sim with combat.  They seemed to drift away from realism to placate some whiny people that didn't want to wait for the wheat to mill.  Also, if you plant crops, they grow to full maturation in 1 day which is totally♥♥♥♥♥because you end up with 50x the amount of food you need and you can just keep selling it.  It's ok, I've been here/done that with games like this.  When I play, it just feels like I'm going through the motions.I get that the devs want to listen to the crowd, but ADD to what you have, don't change stuff that some people loved.  A big mistake devs of any kind can make is to release a product and then remove/change features, rather than add a secondary choice.Maybe if it goes on sale to $8 or $9, check it out.  But seriously, check out Underrail."
76561198012243650,Recommended,424250,25211655,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ImenNassol,"You start off confused, lost and unsure. There is little in the way of explantion and it's not an easy game. That being said I fell in love with the game. If you enjoy a challenge and old school type games this is right on the money. I spent many hours playing, crying, cursing and enjoying."
,Not Recommended,424250,21755035,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Black Tongue,"You need to make up your mind to committ to this pretty quickly - there's a labyrinth in the main quest line that's clearly intended to eat up the ""2 hours played"" to avoid Steam refunds. If it weren't for such a low threshold I would've gotten my money back.Why I don't recommend this: it's not interesting. We've been over this ground a thousand times before and there's nothing about Balrum that sets it apart. Leaving aside the fact that it looks like it could've been made in Mario Paint on the SNES the controls are wonky, the combat is the opposite of thrilling, and a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at tacking on crafting doesn't come close to saving it.You've played this before and it was probably done better. If you're just absolutely adamant about playing it wait for a sale."
,Recommended,424250,22120789,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,drainedman,"Great; but some fine tuning is still required.This had potential of a great game here, yet it suffers because of some flaws with the levelling system and lack of side content. This is the most fun I've had since Baldurs Gate - I just wish they would learn a bit more from the great games."
76561198234591080,Not Recommended,424250,22184297,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SageFall,"Played it for  6 hours stright as soon as i got it, havent played it once since then. Due to the fact that the damn ♥♥♥♥ing game wont open. I click play, be it on steam or through the shortcut and it opens to the loading screen then shuts down. Havent been able to play it after the first time. Ive re-downloaded it several times and it does nothing. been about a week now and it still wont open.....Edit: found out the game wont load if u dont have speakers or headphones plugged in. not exactly a big deal but kinda annoying"
,Recommended,424250,21588669,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,darknight,"absolutly great game, no bugs on mac, lovely top down view with a newish old school feel, dont listen to the wimps complaining you have to keep eating and drinking, overfeed and drink and your fine for ages...just get it its great"
,Recommended,424250,21661770,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zoboomafoo,"Good main quest, combat, and crafting. A few bugs here or there but nothing game breaking."
76561198010429902,Recommended,424250,21794387,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ancientelder,"This game reminds me a lot of isometric RPGs from the mid-90s. So for people that want that retro feel, stop reading now, and go buy it.   Gone? Ok, now I'll explain why this game is not so good. The UI is straight out of an isometric RPG from the mid-90s. It is very crude for a game where you need to use it over and over again. Example: farming is a complicated mess of right clicks, left clicks, contextual menus, character positioning, and inventory selecting. Really? You have multiple quick skill bars, just like WOW, but no way to bind crafting and harvesting skills to it. A major part of the game is crafting and harvesting you can't just ignore that..... Ok, so why care about the UI? Because a bad UI zaps the fun out a game. It makes doing simple tasks boring and labor intensive. Want to improve it Mr. Developer? Figure out what the character can do and simplify the commands to get to that end result. It's that or implement macros. Other than that. well the sound could use normalizing. Some sounds are deafing and others are a whisper. I like the retro graphics and the story is interesting."
76561198013411805,Recommended,424250,22187807,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,arigold16,"I like this game a lot.  It is definitely a hard core RPG, so not for the casual fan.  But for those people who are really into RPGs it is fantastic, with tons of content, skills, quests, etc.One very big con is that the game kind of just throws you in and expects you to learn on your own.  The entire first town is sort of a tutorial, but that's not really advertised and it is very easy to get yourself killed or♥♥♥♥♥♥off an important NPC by accident.  One eggregious example is that looting peoples' homes will cause them to become hostile instantly.  This makes some sense (I'd prefer a warning before they draw their sword), but most casual RPG fans wouldn't expect it.  Another example is that you have to eat and drink or you die.  When I started I was constantly on the brink of starving and it took me a while to figure out that you can fill your belly and not have to eat again for a long time (also you get a bonus when you're at full food/drink).  Once you figure that out it removes almost all of the nuisance, but a new player has to find it by trial and error.  Also combat is tough and most fights require a combination of skills and strategy that you might not expect to need so early in the game.  It is a steep learning curve.  For hard core fans that's NBD, but it will definitely turn some players off.If it were up to me, I'd put a few more obvious tutorial elements in the game to help ease the learning curve.  Once you know how to play, it's very addicting and very fun.  I'm 30 hours in and still feel like I'm just scratching the surface."
,Recommended,424250,22162995,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Malaria,"I've been playing for 18 hours and so far, I'm entertained. It's a great old-school rpg and definitely worth the 15€ but I miss a few things, most notably respawning wildlife and monsters. Also, more learnings points or respec would be really nice."
76561198018929700,Recommended,424250,22163150,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Marshall,"Great game!good RPG, reasonable crafting, original story so far... and 15EUR it is accesible to even us in postcommunist economies :Dand amazing DEVs who respond to communityI didn't finish the game (will update after I finish)"
76561197992681922,Not Recommended,424250,26685233,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SirLogiC,"Interesting concept and has potential but I just don't see that potential being realised.Played as a caster, and spells cost too much mana. Easy to fix but not sure it will be.Levelling is too slow, which is tied to skills being only four ranks. If you levelled too fast, you get max skills fast and so there is nothing left to achieve. Level too slow, like currently, and the game is a massive grind. The game mechanics lend themselves to an elder scrolls style levelling system, i.e. using a skill trains the skill. At this point in development it would be a massive change, not sure the dev(s) have it in them, and so missed potential.The crafting, building and farming all seem fun and interesting, just a pity you are forced into combat grinding for levels needed to train crafting skills. This leads to another problem. You need to level up for training points, used to level trade skills AND combat skills. So like, training crafting only makes combat more tedious. I guess if you got minimal experience for crafting and such, that would help quite a lot.Game could use some quality of life freatures too- visible hunger/thirst/fatigue bars, an auto save feature, separate volume mixers for music, effects, background noises."
76561198243681232,Recommended,424250,21865046,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,BeardedGiant,"Great game so far. Im really enjoying the story of the game so far, can't wait to find out what all happened."
76561198052409898,Recommended,424250,21616661,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,mcburress,If you combine a single player haven & hearth with ultima 6 quests and interactivity that pretty much sums up Balrum.  Alot for everyone and appears to be a very long game too.
76561198037680270,Recommended,424250,21705629,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Gixkung,
76561198026518923,Recommended,424250,21682588,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HerrSchnuff,This game is everything I wished Eschalon would be... it feels like it moves much faster and is way more engaging.
76561198010365286,Recommended,424250,22287520,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Reco,It is a very good game. But there are some minor issues like finding directions. when you click somewhere the game can't calculate where to go most of the time.
76561198089411956,Recommended,424250,21596681,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,super mcnasty,"I haven't been playing this game that much, but damn its great. I like the open world kind of feel it has, and I love the crafting. The only problem is that since it is fairly new, there aren't really any guides out there for when I want to figure things out. I haven't gotten very far yet, but the questing and crafting, and that turn-based combat really make for a unique experience. I strongly recommend this if you're an rpg fan like me looking for a new adventure."
,Recommended,424250,22654324,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GanjahRebel,"Reminds me of Ultima in some ways. Very thourough throughout its lore, it really feels like a whole different universe.If you like old school slow paced RPGs with turn based combat, then Balrum must just be for you.The devs are one of the most active and caring I've seen, it really shows that they love what they're doing."
76561198007497376,Recommended,424250,22308516,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,FIRAT,GOOD THINGS:-This game has a very good story.-Playability is fine.-The game looks like Divine Divinity 1 (the first and the best one).-Crafting system is very good designed.-Exploring is exciting-Freedom is perfect-Retro RPG gamers must play thisBAD THINGS:-Crafting is good but a little bit confusing-There is planty of things that is unnecessary to craft- I spent lot of time in the game but still Safehouse building is very boring and doesnt serve anything at least i didnt build my safehouse yet but i still play the gameI strongly advice this game...
,Recommended,424250,22243666,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bizzle Dapp ⚔,"Well... I bought this on a whim, and by the sweet lord i was not expecting it, but this is a very finely polished, intuetive game.If you're a fan of open world sandboxes, or you like RPG adventure, or if you just like a building/survival sim - This is a game for you.I've only played 100+ minutes, have barely scratched the surface but already know this game has a great deal more to offer.£9.99 well spent. A sound, refreshing addition to my games library from a Dev i've never heard of before.Go on, give it a try!"
,Recommended,424250,21762784,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Joonjitsu [YT],Very nice crafting/survival/rpg!
76561197994601982,Recommended,424250,21930196,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,tyrell,"nice game, there is a good let's play for it by KillTenRats:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXkQF7HC8gaDwlObhChmkflUXM5UDxN3E"
,Recommended,424250,22365091,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Requiem Arrow,"I've made it to Chapter 2 so far and finally decided that I should say something about the game.As a true old school RPG Balrum is a nostalgic reminder of the Ultima series. I keep finding myself wanting to break out DOSBox and playing Savage Empire whenever I turn this game on, but the interesting twist to this one that keeps me coming back is the survival aspect. Hunger and thirst are something that you actually have to keep your attention on while you're out exploring, or even collecting materials to craft supplies or even your own house.Quests have been interesting and the only real downside I've found to the game is trying to find where to go right away in the beginning - sure, it's mostly explained to you, but because the map is lacking details and you have to add your own markers, that first play-time is a bit of a monster to take hold of.  I haven't really experienced anything that would make me not want to recommend this game to anyone that remembers the old days of RPG games.The real-time/turn based combat makes for interesting times when it comes to exploration.  You get used to right-clicking to auto-move and then find yourself having to switch to either the keyboard or left-click holding to get around because there's  a damned deer somewhere nearby that initiates combat and then takes off on you.  I suppose that is the only thing I've found myself disliking about anything I've encountered so far - but because of the way the game plays, I couldn't really see a better option when it comes to combat, because real-time would become overwhelming really early in the game.I will probably complete the game with my first character and then reroll to try something different (mostly because of all the mistakes I've made creating this one), which leads me to the last part...the replayability is there, but I could see how it would become boring once you have an idea of where you're going.  After I started moving around the map a lot more, I started noticing how there wasn't any interest once you'd discovered something and maybe that's just me (I have game ADD quite often and switch around from console to PC and through a plethora of games on both), but in the end, this is a very solid game."
,Recommended,424250,21995292,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Olde English,"Great game thus far, just entered the next map to the right of the first.  Interesting game to say the least, a lot like Eschalon."
76561198066051671,Recommended,424250,21610446,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,King Yolo Hashtag 420 Swag Rekt,JUST BUY IT YOU PLEBIANS
76561198145253302,Recommended,424250,22029776,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cheesehead,"Really really realy good game, strongly recommended!"
76561198149967306,Recommended,424250,21617887,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Orange,"Bought it after the new update, no more hunger/thirst issue. Or at least the values go down at a realistic rate (initiate difficulty, lower hunger/thirst on) I have to eat/drink about 2-3 times a day.Otherwise very good game !"
76561198063726470,Recommended,424250,21613569,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,owenalexander86,Yes because it gives you all the freedom I wanted in classic games like Baldur's Gate etc. Not yet because there is no waypoint or fast travel system that I can work out anyway. Navigating around the world is pretty hopeless. I just walk around in circles and get lost. Not much fun.
76561198114493310,Recommended,424250,21633084,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,H@m,this game is like a RPG book...... so if you don't like books don't buy it.lel.
,Recommended,424250,22550164,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Garfunkle,"I absolutely love this game. It's everything I want from a cRPG rolled into one.It's difficult, yet not so difficult as to warrant constant Google searches for solutions.It's expansive and full of secrets to find. The story is gripping and the gameplay only slightly linear, but imperceptibly so.It's varied, with crafting, potion making, trapping, farming. This on top of equiping your character and controlling his/her abilities etc.Most of all though I enjoy the graphics. The game doesn't rely on fancy graphics to sell, yet I find the graphics to be beautiful and reminicent of older cRPG's which came to make me love this genre of games.I recommend this highly, an easy 10/10."
,Recommended,424250,25737697,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Bob Ðigital,My only issue with this game is I dont have the free time to dedicate to it. Nice indie game with great depth.
76561197985331412,Not Recommended,424250,22343280,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,lazer59882,"Look, I realize survival games are all the rage these days with the younger crowd, so it's not surprising to see this game have so many positive reviews. I however thought it would be more of a roleplaying game, but the first task you're given is to go gather a bunch of resources, survival-game style. Not only that, but I couldn't stand the control style (like Ultima or Eschalon) and everything from the graphics to the interface to the loot seemed a ripoff of Eschalon.Some people may enjoy this, I HATED it."
76561198049750421,Not Recommended,424250,22425286,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jcannonb,"I launched this puppy up yesterday.  Seems to have lots of potential.  Lots of bugs though.  Holding the left shift key down for example, I saw debug output in the status box.  It just vomited LEFT SHIFT KEY PRESSED.I want to play this game, but I cannot in it's current state.  Has a long way to go to be stable.  I will play it once it is stable.I will recommend it once it is stable."
76561197985962419,Recommended,424250,21789602,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,mordecai,Wow GOOD game
76561197985345570,Not Recommended,424250,21637406,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,arkangelgofgmono,"The game is made in a retro top down isometric style and when I first started it I was pretty stoked. It seemed to have a really extensive world of options and items filled with NPCs and story. After a few minutes though I started to become concerned. The dialogue was pitifully shallow and poorly written worse it was boring. I then realized that my options in the game were severely handicapped by the limitation of what I could do because the skills required to do them are filtered through a learning system that limits you to only a few points per level (5) and you only have 8 levels in the game. Each skill has 4 levels and each level has multiple areas of focus to learn. You might be thinking ""oh so you just have to be smart about where you spend your points."" Nope you'd be wrong. Now believe me when I say I enjoy dark souls as much as anyone else but I'd also say Dark Souls on some level was fair and made sense. More importantly dark souls was enjoyable because you continued to learn and get better at what you did through failure. Balrum seems to be a game for people who enjoy failing because... well because they just seem to enjoy failing. There really isn't anything to be gained from your failure because you can't become better. The primary source of leveling is through quest completion as combat gives you almost zilch in the way of experience (like 48 xp is the most you will get and the levels cost thousands of points) You could literally kill every single creature on the map and have maybe a thousand experience or so but find a ring for a guard and you'll get 500 experience. Doesn't matter anyway because you are arbitrarily level capped. Because everything and I do mean everything in this game is painfully hard to the point of being enjoyable. If you could actually utilize the skill without being stuck with the learning point system the game would probably be much more enjoyable. I think the reason they choice this was to cover for the lack of content in the game and extend the game life. This becomes pretty obvious from the start when you can't run outside of combat and are forced to move about with the shuffle of a dead zombie. Doesn't really matter though because despite being provided with a map no one in the game seems to know who or where anyone else in the game is located even though according to the story they've all been stuck in this forest together for generations. Like I said it doesn't really make a lot of sense and trying to get anything out of them about what is going on is like something akin to fortune telling by a blind and mute palm reader. So in essence you have a game with pretty poor and unrewarding combat which wants to focus on the story which is pretty nonexistent. If this looks good to you go buy Avernum escape from the pit its an older game that does pretty much everything better."
76561198052278491,Recommended,424250,21854682,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Goat Watcher,"It's ok, basically nothing new. Just same as any other 2D game or ""Minecraft 2D"" less complicated but has quests. I spawned, made a character, chop some wood, etc."
76561198173411493,Recommended,424250,23680186,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jamesdempsey1686,this is a very good take on an open ended survival rpg. i really enjoyed this game so far.
38478345638735434,Not Recommended,424250,21703874,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Nivroc,"General cons of the game are:-Playing on master difficulty means hoarding for loot. Almost no tactical depth, but gathering resourses to have hp/mana for a fight.-Also turn-based combat isn't really turn based as you can outrun almost any enemy if he is slower then you are.(just press run button and turns will pass quicker for you, then your opponent)Indie games should have new ideas behind them. This one just takes baldur's gate, throws out DnD rules, adds hoarding, blizzard-like, though really useless, spells and there you go! Reminds Arche-Age only in single player. Go, go happy farming.If you're into old-school and not picky you may enjoy this. For general user i wouldn't recommend this."
,Recommended,424250,21569751,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,"This is not ur typical Diablo. Pls if u seek a hack and slash, look else where. This is for MAN, not for BOYS."
,Not Recommended,424250,22468534,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bishop,"So far I have played 3 minutes and this is why i will add this review, I hope I can change this view in the future to something positive.1. Installed Game2. Turned Window Mode Off3. Resolutions are messed up and wont actually work with correct sizes4. Tried to exit game but mouse was blocked from using any of the option in the main menu5. Task manager didnt like trying to shut down game, realise that game open twice and had two Balrum windows playing.6. Forced closed and reopend, mouse still blocked from using menu options7.Uninstalled and attemtping to reinstall in high hopes3 minutes of menu time not actual play time and hit bugs. Got this game to save on hotspot data but turns out having to redownload it. win win.I just finished reinstalling it and it still will not let me even play the game because the mouse seem unable to move over the menu options so thats fun. Installing/reinstalling doesnt help I as of this momment cannot play this game."
76561197976580975,Recommended,424250,22694511,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Skally_wag,"Wow, Just finished the main story.  loved every minute of it. It has everything I enjoy in an Rpg.I hope there is a Balrum 2,  as i will be at the top of the pre-order list."
76561198060074703,Recommended,424250,22616851,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bbeaudoi,Great isometric RPG. Would definately buy this game again and can't wait to see what's next for this developer. Good times.
76561198181743821,Recommended,424250,22437047,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ruint,"I originally got Balrum from a torrent site (Steam should have demos), and within an hour I bought it.  It is slow going and still needs a better inventory to storage system.  If you understand cheat engine and add alot of learning points it is quite fun."
,Recommended,424250,28686168,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Your King,liking it so farpls dont abandon this game devs this has the potential
,Recommended,424250,26739865,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,D3ATHSCOPE,"This is waaaaay Better than Divinity and Avadon Series...NO BS,((I would like to See Instance Dungeons too,with a mini boss,random drops and repeatable....)And More Map (Areas,And Open World Content )...(3 Hours Gameplay So Far)"
76561198005208459,Recommended,424250,29596043,Posted: 30 January,all,Patão,YES! A beautifull game with a awesome concept. The only thing this game is lacking is more money to give us a better sequel. TY for this awesome game.
76561198012653813,Not Recommended,424250,32051710,Posted: 29 May,all,World's Top Protein Enthusiast,"From the first 45 minutes, I've found Balrum to be clunky and boring. The UI is a mess, selecting and using skills in combat is more tedious than it should be, fights themselves aren't exciting, the graphics are nothing to mail home about, and even moving around is a pain (movement keys don't react well). Collecting items and crafting seems fun, but the redeeming qualities of this game are slim to none."
76561198031718811,Recommended,424250,21569921,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,turpank,Amazing Role Play !
,Recommended,424250,26790808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dawdlingknight,Get It
76561198046911452,Recommended,424250,34836862,Posted: 9 September,all,flaviookb,niceru
76561198158194978,Recommended,424250,22881176,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,dardallin,It was a very lovely game! I got only pleasant emotions!Developers have to create a new story!
,Recommended,424250,29598416,Posted: 30 January,all,Corn On The Cob,Very fun game
76561198009220039,Recommended,424250,21557119,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Just a Porn Star,Has a very old school rpg vibe so far and i'm hooked.I'll update this more as I go.
,Recommended,424250,23938405,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nauticas,Is good mang.
76561198044006471,Recommended,424250,21580838,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561198038906457,Recommended,424250,32900192,Posted: 27 June,all,Badgye,Lots to do in this game.
,Not Recommended,424250,21578695,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Garbage. Even walking around is painful and slow. Game is a eating and drinking simulator. Stop putting crap into RPGs please. First Fallout is ruined with this crap, and now ""old school rpgs"""
76561197989454460,Not Recommended,424250,21596056,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SilentChilli,crap
,Not Recommended,424250,22893670,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,RawCode,absolutely complete idiotic combat system
,Not Recommended,424250,33540332,Posted: 14 July,all,larsmikki,Looks absolutely horrible on any resolution higher then 1080 including this.
76561198006889979,Not Recommended,424250,24797464,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Pops,"Uninstalled.  Waste of Money.  Rating: 0/10The game is sloooooww, graphics are dated, crafting and skills are a PITA.   It spends more time telling you what you CAN'T do, than helping you out with what you can do.  Combat is horrible.  Don't waste your money on this one folks, it has absolutely nothing to recommend it....it isn't even fun to play."
,Recommended,424250,21564285,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Phil Collins,♥♥♥♥ing vette RPG met Stardew valley elementen.that pretty much sum it up :)
76561198148671018,Recommended,424250,24510141,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,gerardomorazan,"Update:Ok, I decided to give Balrum a second chance, It a nice game I'm currently enjoying.Trees do regrow (I was wrong :D in my previous review)I´m still not sure if ""random"" animal/monsters respawn (validating this point).You can not level up skills like alchemy with practice , you must purchase every skill level from a trainer and invest LEARNING POINTS (you get a handful of them with each level up) or find a skill book (and these are very rare), My workaround was to read the forums in search of such books, if I'm honest I do belive skill system can be improved.And finally: the crafting system is deep but hard to grasp at first, one of the winning points of Balrum here as it has a feeling of diversity."
,Recommended,424250,35404491,Posted: 1 October,all,Awesome Sauce™,"Awesome game, you can grow wheat, harvest the wheat, make it into flour. Take the flour and make dough, cook bread, then go murder some deer."
