user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198186432039,Recommended,424370,32153912,Posted: 3 June,all,correllr,"So....I had originally given this game a poor review but after sinking some more time into it I have begun to really really be excited about it.Realize that if you get the game now there isnt too much content. That is the one thing I would want to impress on anyone thinking of getting the game now. It is still early access.~~~AS OF NOW~~~~~~~~THE GOOD~~~~~I am in love with the skill set of a few of the characters. The POE-like style of the skill tree is fantastic...but unlike POE you dont have to follow a straight line with it. There are very few restrictions in terms of where you can go. Keeping in mind that there are only half of the tree available at this point and a lvl 20 cap I am pretty hyped about what else I can do in the game.The skill graphics are dazzling. I dont use that word very often but I will in this case. I am really enjoying the way it is all put together and having a ton of fun grinding already.It seems to be getting updated and patched regularly.I really think this will give POE and D3 a run for their money and Im happy I found it early on to see how it gets develped over time.~~~~~THE NOT SO GOOD~~~~~Content. I really wish there was more to do in the game. Ive been grinding away at capped level hunting for really mediocre gear (the usual progression of white gear, blue gear, yellow gear) and it seems that yellow gear is as high as its gotten. I suppose this isnt as much a complaint as it is a desire for more.Bugs. The game crashes for me occasionally and has quite a few random movement bugs. It is a little clunky in a few ways but again...it is early access and is to be somewhat expected at this stage.~~~~~IN THE END~~~~~Would I recommend you get this. Yes. I would not expect a very polished game though. If you want to get into a great game early and see it all come together over time...this is it.I am really excited to see what becomes of this game and look forward to some sleepless nights~"
,Recommended,424370,32039546,Posted: 29 May,all,P0P218,"is it fun? yesIs if finished? No wayDoes it feel as if more work was put into enviroment than in characters,Balancing animation and such? KindofBut this is something with potential.i thinkAtleast it feels good to cook a bunch of undead or orks while everything around you exlodes.but thanks to goul unbalance you can always expect to be suprised by sudden dirt-demons that spazz around as if someone had put their tail on fire.In general i am not shure if it is worth is money. if you are okay with really early unfinished Producs or projects and want to help making the game work this is good. if you like Effect-rich 3D enviroment you might also like itbut if you hate silly bugs then stay away m8Just as an example how buggy this game is: When you equip a shield and THEN a weapon the shield just floats in the air unmoving and your attack animations are Headbutting.But i had and have my fun with this silly little thing.even though  the body sliders and default models don't really go well with each other and that shields always clip into womens arms? enough of that thoughfor a buggy mess quite expensive but fun. but not really long but you can spend alot of time just blowing monsters and places up so the game has some fun things to do in it"
,Recommended,424370,23826474,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ImbalancedCrab,"This game looks extremely promising. For an alpha its pretty stable and has actually a lot of content to offer. I really like, that I may explore the world while there are actually no quests to do (the available quest line will take you 1-1,5 hours to complete). There is a quite a lot of different loot to be found, so are skills. You will definitely get a few hours off the alpha at the current state.So lets take a look at the game. I will concentrate more on the good things because its still an alpha.The first thing you will notice after starting the game is the quality of the graphics. Powered by the cry engine, the game creates really nice environments. The day-night cycle adds a lot of atmosphere. Running around in a pitch black dark forest is quite nasty. The lighting effects are really nice and add a lot of quality, especially to the magic effects.Looking at the combat mechanics, this game has a nice system with two differents ressources. One of them is umbra and is more the ressource used by spells. The other one being rage which is filled by using certain spells or just by attacking. Both ressource balance each other out, if you use your umbra your rage increases and vice versa. This way you always have the possibility to use skills which is really nice. It also requires you to keep track on your ressources so you know which skills you may use at a certain time. Skills level up when used and may either be upgraded by increasing their power or optimising their cooldown / ressource cost. The character levels up by experience, you get attribute points and passive points when reaching the next level. The passive points allow you to strengthen your character in diffent ways (like your magic or offensive capabilities). The passive system is just your basic +% or +X to crit/something system. It would by more interesting if there would be synergies between the different trees or anything else which expands the system a bit.I will update my review from time to time to reflect the changes the dev implements. So far the devs put out improvements on a regular basis and at a quite impressive pace. At this moment i can absolutely recommend this game!"
76561198050450074,Recommended,424370,25832715,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Disreign,"This is a quick review - I will be updating it as I get more familiar with the content the game has to offer.I am a big fan of Path of Exile. - I found this game off a poe reddit post.  - Currently sitting on about 3,000 hours on poe, 1500 of which were on steam.Pros:Great GraphicsGreat sound.You can level up spells in customizable ways - Choosing either utility or power, I like this. I hope more comes out of it when it's fully fleshed out.Neutral things:This game plays more like Diablo 3 than Path of Exile mechanic wise.Lots of equipment slots - This is both a pro and a con. It has felt overwealming to me, but I can see it being a great thing for the depth of customizability, especially if they add in build creating uniques later.  - This is akin to having a skill tree similar to poe's.Day/night cycle.Open world.Cons: (this is still in alpha, they may be adressing this stuff yet) (:You have to get wizard skills mostly as drops. This is not something I like personally. Maybe other people do..?Gold. This game has gold. We all know what happens to gold in ARPG's. (:Figuring out what to do for quests can be confusing. I expect some sort of quest helping UI changes to the map eventually..?A few things I hope to see:auto equipping items if you do not have one in that slot.Saving user settings. - This i've found annoying especially since this is an alpha, and the game has a tendency to crash from time to time, and I have to re-update my settings every time.Screen turning red when on low health.Screen shake when hit.As much customizability as possible.Spells not getting caught on invisible objects pls. (:Quest helper pls.NPC's with some sort of voice acting.Ability to see items stats before picking them up.And finally, I personally think the old name ""Umbra"" was probably better, for a simple reason. I don't know how to tell someone to try out ""Wolcen"". No matter how I say the name, they're going to think it's spelled Wolken or Wolsen. Perhaps an oversight?Thank you for reading. I really like the beginnings of this game, when I saw it on youtube I just had to try it out."
76561198091588666,Recommended,424370,32345105,Posted: 11 June,all,AdamSerpentius,"A gorgeous looking alpha set in a lush world besieged with zombies, orcs and ghouls. For those who have played ARPGS such as grim dawn, path of exile and diablo will feel right at home with this early access.Just 5 hours in, there is something addicting about the combat. It not only looks cool but feels ""right"". Its makes you want to keep killing. Melee combat is fast and furious, every blow has this feeling of you slicing or bashing the daylights out of the critters that dare to stand in your way. Magic in this game is just amazing, whatever element you use, you feel like a badass incinerating everything in your path.Aesthetically, its gorgeous, the game seriously is. The lighting is amazing and gives a very ""living"" atmosphere to the game. Character models and enviroments looks polished. Hopefully more ""culture"" gets worked into the final game to really give this game a notch in its creative direction. The story and lore is barebones at the moment. I smell a Grim Dawn/POE storyline cooking, hopefully NPCs turn out to be memorable and ""human"" in the future.For an early access to be this beautiful and have a great combat feel. I recommend this to anyone who wishes to watch and support the IP to grow into something i hope, great."
,Recommended,424370,31972997,Posted: 26 May,all,Awesomesauceman,"Early Acces review at the time of 0.4 patch:communicative, hardworking and caring devs. Pretty common and substantial updates. Great graphics, solid gameplay. Limited content and missing features. I am pretty convinced that this will be great game."
76561198119880452,Recommended,424370,29079914,Posted: 6 January,all,Daimoth,"For fans of Diablo-likes eyeballing this one: As of January 2017, many of the game's systems and assets are incomplete, placeholder, or missing altogether. Don't expect a finished, perhaps unpolished product. It's early days for Wolcen.Regarding what is there, you can fight, explore, gain levels, and even complete several quests. If your playthrough goes anything like mine, you'll hit a stiff difficulty wall and have a blast overcoming it. Wolcen's combat is far more nuanced and robust than any game in the style I've played - a style that is often criticized for being largely about left-clicking things.In sum, a promising foundation."
76561198027328746,Recommended,424370,33621781,Posted: 17 July,all,Raven,"***UPDATE***8/28/2017Version:  5.0.1This update is just to say that melee builds are absolutely viable in this game even in it's early release state.  I was able to smash and bash my way through even the toughest mobs with my brutal strike build.  In fact, given the relative ease of the caster-type play style, I almost prefered the more in-your-face play style of the melee build.  It actually requires some skill and some thought in order to be successful though--take advantage of potions and dodging...More to come as the game rolls out new content...8/3/2017Version:  5.0.1I just wanted to add that the devs have gone live with a rough draft of their bounty system in which players can teleport to a randomly generated series of dungeons which appeared to be increasing in difficulty (I think there were 3 or 4 levels) for decent looting (I found an unnamed legendary hood for my elementalist in there).  Additionally, they've added another rough draft of the daily dungeon in which a leaderboard is kept for the fastest playthroughs.A note on the daily dungeons--It's my humble opinion that the dungeons should not be completed, officially, until at least the last boss is defeated.  In truth, that still wouldn't prevent players from just Zerging through the dungeon to the end and just quickly killing a single mob to then exit the dungeon with an unrealistically fast 'completion' time.  I would like to see a checkpoint or sub-objective system added to this feature to level the playing field and add a bit of depth to the gameplay.  It could be as simple as ""Kill x number of mobs"" or ""Kill, mob-named-bob"" type objectives.8/1/2017Version:  5.0.1After much anticipation the Wolcen crew has delivered their fans a modest patch in which many of the old bugs were indeed corrected.  Unfortunately, the game is still a bit buggy--suffering from random crashes (to be expected in Alpha testing), but not entirely game breaking or quest-inhibitive.  This week I'll be fleshing out as much of the existing quests as possible with my now level 18 elementalist build.After that, I'll be working on a melee (warrior-ish) build followed by a rogue/assassin build with the possibility of throwing together a more robust comparison of the pros & cons associated  with these play-styles.  I'll continue to slap updates on this feed as long as it seems of benefit to those of you who are interested in how this game is shaping up.  Until next time, happy hunting!7/22/2017Version:  5.0.0I have figured out how to submit bugs and other suggestions.  There was a sub discussion link on the main Steam forum page that I completely missed somehow.  So yay for that!  On the other hand, I've reached a point within the current content that I cannot get past because of a known bug which is reported by the devs to be fixed in the next patch.  If you get to the Necromancer quest, you'll see what I'm talking about.Beyond that, the game is still playable and fun!---ORIGINAL REVIEW---I've thoroughly enjoyed the 15+ hours I have played thus far.  I would like to be able to submit bug reports though, and the Trello bug tracker page does not let me do that.  I have come across several bugs (i.e. game balancing issues, invisible walls, NPC issues, etc.) and I have no way of reporting them.  I really enjoy doing this type of gaming (finding the bugs, helping the devs solve problems, etc.), and would love to contribute more to the developers' fix-it list going forward.  That said, here's what's completely RAD about Wolcen...so far:1.  Customizable characters (unlike other Hack/Slash games, you can actually change the appearance of your character).  I look forward to a more robust offering of options here, hopefully that's in the works...or at least on the drawing board.2.  No set class decisions, though you'll likely benefit from builds that maximize certain skill synergies within specific skill trees like any other game in this genre.  My current build relies heavily on lightning damage and maximizing spell damage and casting speed, but I could have just as easily worked toward some hybrid warrior/mage combo with great results.  I think veteran H&S gamers will really enjoy this feature.  Personally I find it refreshing when there's a dev team focused on making a game that doesn't strictly reward a specific build--other games in this genre have fallen short on this unfortunately, so I hope the Wolcen clan keeps this in clear focus going forward!3.  Balanced looting...so far the dev's seem to have a fair balance in the amount of useful-to-trash loot that's dropped and there's a good sense of accomplishment when you find something noteworthy and useful to your build.  I find loot drops in some other games to be a bit too compliant with casual gamers' lack of interest in working for the good stuff.4.  The learning curve is not too shallow and not too steep...a new player gets a quick tutorial intro into the various gameplay characteristics, then there's a quick, optional, weapon tutorial in town (devs may want to think about making this a secondary quest given out just to ensure newcomers get a taste of the various weapon styles).5.  The game is visually beautiful!  There's a lot of work that goes into building graphically impressive settings, spells, and character animations and the team at Wolcen has done a terrific job so far--I'm anxious to see how the graphics get even more polish as the game development ramps up.Here's what I'd like to see in future game patches/revisions:1.  More mob variation (I know this game is in Alpha, so this isn't a major issue for me), though the current mobs are well animated and interesting visually2.  Mage class shoulder armor (so far I haven't found a single piece of mage-class shoulders despite having found piles of other class-specific shoulders)3.  A more interactive bug-reporting method (currently only certain folks are allowed to add cards to their bug tracker)4.  Voice acting.  I'm sure this is already in the works, but I thought I'd mention it.  [amateur voice actor with their hand up here :)]5.  More variation in gear quality.  So far there's not a lot of difference between a level 5 piece of equipment and a level 15 piece.  In fact several of my higher-level items were worse for my build than the stuff that I had found at lower levels.  Also, rare items felt underwhelming to me and have mostly gone to the For-sale pile in my experience.6.  Perhaps a randomized daily dungeon?7.  Smarter loot.  I find loot at about a 95:5 ratio of salable to keepable/useful at present.  While this keeps my gold flow positive, it makes for rather unimpressive gear contribution towards character development.  So far the Gears of Fate (skills) have had the most profound impact on my character development with level-up attribute points and gear taking a distant back seat.  I think there may need to be some balancing of this dynamic, though I'll admit, the proper skill choices do make attribute points more potent at some point.Would I recommend this title?Absolutely!  If you like visually stunning graphics, sweet spell and weapon effects, LOOTZ!, and smashing/zapping/exploding the denizens of E-VILE, then this is the game for you!Disclaimer:  This game has crashed on me several times in the 15+ hours I've played so far.  There are bugs.  There is limited content, but there is MUCH more to come based on developer notes.  That said, there's plenty of gameplay as-is for anyone looking for a fun way to burn a few hours and maybe help mold the future of a really badaxe hack & slash RPG!"
,Recommended,424370,25661101,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TseYa,"A CryEngine game with a lot of potential!  Beautiful environment and characters.Please add the following functions to make the game perfect:1. Couch Co-op with Drop-in/out PLEASE, it will make the game very special and distinct with Diablo2. Bugs are still too much, animations are not smooth3. Gamepad support4. Traditional Chinese: it will be very easy now that you've got simplified one!Thank you so much for bringing us such a good game with a lot of potentials, please don't ruin it!"
76561198002961599,Recommended,424370,34448657,Posted: 23 August,all,Tris375,"This is the first steam review I've ever done but of all of the games I have played this is the one I'm breaking my silence on because it deserves your support! I may only have 10 hours on it but I have spent hundereds of hours on fully released games that are just nowhere near as fun.Before I even get into the game itself I want to say that the Devs are awesome, they have a publically available release road map and bug tracker that is updated regularly and they read and reply to the bug tracker forum. I posted a bug/crash report at 11pm at night, by 9 am the next morning I received a reply saying they were already looking into it.Now onto the game, and bear in mind that it's still Alpha/EA. The plot so far is not bad but it's nothing special compared to other games, that being said I believe that there are a number of place holder quests etc; but that's not the selling point. The combat, oh the combat. The combat is so satisfying for a number of reasons, the main one being the resource mechanic. No matter your build you have Umbra (mana) and Rage. Umbra is used for spells and Rage is used for melee abilites. Now here is the cool part, the two resources share the same pool. Basically you start with 100% Umbra and 0% Rage. When you cast a spell or use a basic melee ability you gain Rage based on the amount of Umbra spent and vice versa (after a cooldown period defined in-game as rage conservation stat). Now combine this with a highly customisable skill tree and there is no end to the possible fun.I'm going to assume that people reading this have played Path of Exile; so imagine their skill tree but with all the start points in the centre. You want to be a tanky, mage that uses daggers like an assassin. Great, you can build that from the start rather than having to build your way across a maze. But that's not all! There are a number of different ""rings"" to the skill tree which can be rotated to enable further customisation. Want to start out with a mage build but move into a fireball throwing warrior that can dual wield two-handed weapons. You can do that! The world is your oyster. And the best bit? You can currently reset all of your points for free, in town, any time you want to so go nuts!The only warning I would say at this point is there is a limited number of spells/abilities within the game and the max level is 20 (I believe). That being said once you complete what's currently available of the story you are directed towards daily dungeons (with a leaderboard), bounty challenges and player housing so there is still plenty to do!Finally, the game looks amazing! The environments looks beautiful and the spell effects are mind blowing. I've played a number of early access games and this one is by far the best and once it is finished it will be an amazing game. If you want to pick it up then just remember it is an early access games so there are bugs and crashes but with the fun you get out of it is easy to see past them.Pros:- The game looks amazing!- Fun combat system with rewarding resource mechanic.- Highly customisable passive skill tree, with crazy possibilites.- Content after completion to keep you playing.- Passionate and responsive devs, providing regularly updates (about twice a month).Cons:- No multiplayer, which isn't the end of the world but it would be so fun to play with friends. The developers would however like to include it.- It is a French studio and some of the in-game text highlights that it's not an English studio.- The character chat windows are timed, which is fine for short amounts of text because there is a button to skip it but for the lengthy ones I end up cutting it close as to whether I can read it all. This is intentional and they plan to change it but from what I've read there was a bug previously when there was no timer on it.Just to wrap up (and not as a con at all) there are a number of bugs and crashes as I have previously stated so if you do decide to pick it up please don't quit at the first crash and claim it's unplayable. Jump onto the Bug Reporting thread on their steam page and tell them what happened so they can fix it. You're buying into an Alpha!"
,Recommended,424370,26329180,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bwork 🐥,"Developers have shied away from the diablo-esque arpg hack'n'slash genre, which is a grand shame, since nothing else can please my loot-autism.I dropped the money on this, despite knowing its only a shell of a game at the moment, because I want to encourage devs to make these kind of games, and I want to encourage these devs to finish their game.Don't buy it if you're looking for a full game experience, its not.For the moment It's clunky, its wonky, and it has no content.Do buy it if you want to pave the road for future ARPG hack'n'slash games,and potentially end up with a great game in the future. The devs seem active enoughright now so it just might come to pass. The engine is good, the effects are cool; it's the shell of a good game.Please, WOLCEN Studio, Please don't stay in perpetual early access, or even worse, not deliver at all."
76561198145546717,Recommended,424370,31900182,Posted: 22 May,all,MoeC,"I’ve picked up the game almost as soon as it came out on steam, I have tried it and been following it even before that. I’ve invested over 200 hours in it, and I ‘ve been having lots of fun, especially considering at this stage you can respec all passive skill tree and attribute points back and test new builds instead of creating a new character and going through the hassle of leveling them up again.Considering the hard working developers and potential this game has to offer, I am very sure it has so much potential to become better then Diablo and PoE.I really recommend this game to all my friends who enjoy games like Path of Exile, Diablo, and Grim Dawn, seeing how it’s in early alpha and a work in progress.As of now, it's still early alpha stage. A stage which is all for finding bugs and working on them, and improving everything else with feedbacks and suggestions.I can't stress enough that this is only very early alpha, and there so much more to come.If you haven't already checked the website that gives you some insight on what's cominghttps://wolcengame.com/about-the-game/The devs are very motivated and their communication with the players is great, also so far they haven't let us down."
76561198066063886,Recommended,424370,34888039,Posted: 11 September,all,"Dr. Pimpin Nigerian, Ph. D.","Update 0.5.0.2 ReviewNote that I will update this as time goes on and adding/removing the pros and cons of the game in its current state. TLDR will be added to the bottom for you lazies.I also have 370 hours on Path of Exile and well over 2,000 hours on Diablo 3, making me no stranger to what the meta will be and how to properly make builds. In addition to going over the entire game from a gameplay standpoint to give whom those read it an insight in the game's current state, this review is also an indication if the game is worth the $20 bucks or not yet. In the 0.5 build, it is not worth the purchase but it has gone a long way since I have added it to my wishlist nearly a year ago.If you're interested in investing money into an early access game that suits your interest and you've been following for quite some time and have seen progress unlike other early access games, then it's up to you to purchase the game and give the developers the feedback they need to improve the game.If a developer is reading this, this is to help you guys improve and what to work on. The game is heading in a good direction. There is also a bugs list in here as well.Before reading the exhausting pros and cons list, I've only made 3 characters (all at lvl 20) thus far: a pure caster, a sword and board battle-mage using Titan's strength, a lightning arrow archer w/ elementalist nodes (2nd ring).Pros-Casters feel rewarding to play when you synergize passives, making it something to really hope for-The passive tree yields a lot of variety and opportunity for interesting builds when the outer 2 rings are released.-The character creation is a nice touch, allowing you to shape your character (i.e. a large, pudgy, muscular man)-You aren't limited to a specific start, gear, or skills, allowing variety-Resource system allows for interesting inventions of builds (if you want to see how it works I suggest watching a video to understand it some more)-Visuals are great in the areas away from the Crypt, the area right before the necromancer's domain.-Housing system exists and allows you to have some creative outlet in-game. Currently no use outside of fun!-The battlemage playstyle plays smoothly currently-Potion system is an interesting twist. Potion charges recharge over time, each potion has an internal cooldown before you can use it again, and each potion has permanent effects as long as they're equipped.-Signature skills add an interesting passive/active twist to your playstyle-The game has an in-game day/night cycle and the vendors update their inventory every 24 hours at 6 am in-game time, you can sleep in-game to try and find what you're looking for.-Skill tomes aren't useless after you find them the first time! Using one with a skill you've already learned gives you half a level of your current skill's level.Cons-Not a whole lot of abilities to play with. There were only 2 per category (bow skill, melee skill, fire spell, lightning spell, ""rogue"" skill) except melee which gets 3 skills and frost which only gets 1 in the current build.-Dexterity (dex) has movespeed, making it the go to for any and all builds that want to clear fast, making it a problem for other builds that aren't dex based to compete. Not to mention heavy armor giving -movespeed% also turns you away from playing a non-dex build even more. This shouldn't be taken lightly, developers, fix this!-Strength gives crit damage, making it counter-intuitive to strength builds as they'll have crits that do 400% of the damage but only have a 3% chance to crit since you reduce dex with heavy armor by so much.-Armor stat feels like a wasted stat since you can pick up signature skills that effectively increase your clear speed by a massive amount (ie: warrior, +25% attack speed and spellcast speed but -25% armor; thief, +15% move speed but -15% armor)-The warrior and thief signature skills are both strong but can be balanced to not be a staple in every build, especially the thief signature (+15% movespeed, -15% armor).-Casters have to chug umbra pots in order to sustain their umbra, you can't cast melee skills with a staff to dump rage making them-Fighters are very strong but are clunky without the faster rage to umbra conversion rate that you get from the current lvl 20 gear you can buy-Constitution feels worthless, only giving you 10 health per point and giving you a little bit of stun resistance which also feels equally as worthless-Dual wielding (DW) does not seem to scale with attack speed, or it scales in such a way that it's not noticable. The first 2 attacks for DW feel only somewhat clunky but the 3rd and final attack is an animation lock for 2 seconds that, yes provides a lot of rage, but is far too much for any build to need.-Generating rage for a bow feels clunky-Since there is only one frost skill and it's not a dps skill, there's only 2 elements in the game for casters: fire and lightning. Fire dishes out damage and holds its own pretty well. However, lightning's proc for Area of Effect (AoE) damage absolutely destroys fire's, which simply leaves a damage over time (DoT) on the ground.-Only heavy armor at the lvl 20 vendor outside of one single chestpiece that is for a caster. Absolutely no dex armor, staves, or accessories.-Rune system is incomplete for most abilities.-Runes that reduce the umbra/rage cost of an ability are useless and make the other rune the immediate pick. Runes that increase AoE or dps are immediate picks for builds (outside of some memes). I currently want to see more runes like Bladeslinger where all the runes are there (not necessarily 2 per tier) and each rune has a purpose somewhere.-Brutal Strike stomps the competition for melee skills with the tier 3 rune that: if an enemy dies from your brutal strike, cast it again at their location. Since this rune is on its own tier, making a build around this is simply any clear speed increase (AoE, damage).-Left clicking is the purchase button -_-Bugs-Crazy FPS drops at the crypt and inside the crypt, everwhere else is fine. (This isn't a PC issue, this is definitely a game issue)-Critical Chance doesn't work properly! Each supposed 1% only gives 0.1% crit instead, Critical Damage works.-Frequent game crashes-Some of the lvl 20 gear doesn't scale properly and gives lvl 1 stats instead of lvl 20 stats-Staves sell substantially less than other weapons (white sword sells for 150g, white staff sells for 20-30g)-Really chubby and muscular men clip through shields and armor scales on them weirdly-Gold pickups dont appear to work or picking up the ""gold"" that shows up are phonies-Some mobs in the infinite dungeon spawn outside of the zone-Going through subsequent levels in the infinite dungeon and getting the same tileset has items that I skipped outside of the zone, above walkable locations but can't pick them up,TL;DR: The game is still in the very early stages of development and people like me analyze it for those who are skeptics. The game has very good eye candy but is nowhere near being complete."
,Not Recommended,424370,22077199,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Vileguy,"Early Access is a bit of an overstatement. The game right now is closer to a tech demo. 2 updates a month sounds nice, but  I probably won't check back for at least 6 months. If the game is a pie, the state of the game is just a list of ingredients that's not even finalized. Optimization issues (to be expected), lack of tooltips, bland character progression options; it's merely a shell of game. I'm not sure what feedback they hope to get. ""Complete more of your plans"" would be my suggestion. There's no point in thinking about if combat is clunky, if the item stats lack depth, if there's a lack of replay value (normal ARPG concerns) when instead the focus is on whole aspects of the game not implemented. How can I report a bug that ""Lightning Mastery"" doesn't give me the bonus it provides if the bonus is listed as something like ""@lightning_passive_ui 5%"".Buying early access is bad, but I'm lucky enough for the money not to be an issue. Consider any purchase a donation towards the hope of a game in the future that you might like. It's not playable now."
76561198028804864,Recommended,424370,23772831,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Passivsaufen,Welcome To Diablo 2 with 4K mod.
,Recommended,424370,26123670,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Squidcake,"While only in an alpha state, Wolcen is heading towards becoming a great ARPG. The devs are very transparent, active updates and frequent updates both minor and massive (to get an idea, check the latest patch 3.0 changelog). The game is slowly coming together technically, with content following in suite. There is already a lot to work with.The Wolcen is definitely dedicated to this project. I would recommend any ARPG fan to back this project and guarantee they can finish it."
,Recommended,424370,29639576,Posted: 1 February,all,Jengus,This game has so much potential.. please for the love of Wolcen don't do a cash grab and run like most other early access games this game is going to be great I can just see it now playing online with friends it's as if Diablo 3 and Path of Exile had a baby and out of the  hairy cave comes Wolcen.
76561198093977826,Recommended,424370,28108494,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bullen1995,"For a Arpg this really takes the cake in terms of Graphics, It looks and Feels Amazing with everything from Characters to weapons and the world!. I also like the fact that you can build your home. Combat feels fun and there is tons of potential in this game which is one of the reasons i bought it in early acsess.Combat on the other hand feel very clunky and not as responsive and the Character kinda tilt on the side while running and rolling. Storyline at the moment is way to short even for a Early Access Game and its abit disappointing  how short it was up to this point and i hope more stuff is rolling out for the testers.Alpha is Alpha/early access but there are some things that makes the game lacking even if its in development and tons of things will change in the future, But The things i feel it misses is:-Voice acting. Atleast in the main storyline missions in my opinion, Makes the world and the Characters more intresting that live in it.-More responsive combat. Spells somtimes dont feel very responsive and are often very slowly displayed and it makes the combat feel abit clunky/Slow.-Character creation is a great step in the right direction but i feel like its lacking for the reason of few options with hair styles, scars etc. And if you gonna give the players the option of Character customization you kinda have to give some more options to feel unique, Or nothing at all.-Crafting Is somthing i would really like to see in this game like Blacksmithing Etc.-Combat sounds dont feel very impactful and kinda feels abit dull hitting with certain weapons.-Combat enemy sounds very weird at points or the sounds dont really represent the enemy your fighting.Overall i like this game and it clearly have some potential to become a really great and intresting Arpg, I recommand this if you really want to see this game taking form and by testing things out and help out the developers with suggestions and feedback and reporting issues."
76561198014642874,Recommended,424370,30676215,Posted: 22 March,all,Scottc777,"Here's what I ran into 1st play thru.Negatives:Dungeons have no map. They would be pretty helpful lol (still need to be enabled)i7 4g - 32 gigs DDR4 ram - GTX 1080 6 gig. 1 TB SSD. ASUS MB.UPDATE: If you change your graphics setting restart and it should play smoothly again. Now playing at 4k res and it looks amazing.I did NOT enjoy chasing after gold - Fix? --> make gold pop out and simply go into inventory - now days - NO ONE - wants to chase after gold! Ok, well I speak for myself. I hate trudging after gold ...I did NOT enjoy multiple annoying trips to and from town. Fix? - make all pieces set to 2 slots max (like Diablo) Hope they change this.Combat is lack luster at 1st and honestly doesn't inspire.combat stills feels pretty off clunky.It does smooth out a bit.Tried the challenge and the game did crash.Only 1 cdt so far.Also cannot TP out once you're in there so you need to be pretty picky on what you actually pick up.Cry Engine is sweet - however - it will tax older machines hard.Yes - I do have all updates -drivers -bios - etc etc adnuseum.Positives:I realize much is still to be done. Beautiful world to explore.I can definitely see potential for many hours of fun.Open world is great.Combat has lots of potential wasn't awe inspiring by any means.- I feel hooking needs some work -- felt ""sticky"" as I played through the world.You can easily be surrounded to death by mobs if you arn't careful - some of this is gameplay issue and some tactics but it felt pretty clunky and too much like work at times.skill trees are pretty cool and reminiscent of PoE or Grim Dawn.LOTS of potential for hybrid builds and that I LOVED.Looking forward to seeing and playing the finished product.After I have more time in  - I will update if anyone is interested.Still needs a lot more to be added so that the testing can be done properly.All in all a solid choice and looking to be a great addition to the ARPG/MMO world.thx - SC"
76561197976045979,Recommended,424370,29198049,Posted: 11 January,all,Naxx,"Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem  is very reminiscent of Diablo 2 style gameplay to me. Beyond that, it features a pretty awesome level of skill advancement in a classless framework. Basically, there are 2 fighter skill trees, 2 thief skill trees, and one wizard skill tree; each of these then branch off into a hybrid tree combining 2 playstyles.The good:> Player/npc models> the aforementioned skill 'tree' framework> game world/setting> diversity of enemies> loot!> player housing> amount of spells/magic schools/spell flavors/ spell interactions (Magic has a lot going for it in this game!)The bad:> magic tomes are extremely expensive and they drop at random from enemies -- so right now you have to more or less ""luck"" into the spells/schools you might want to focus onHighly recommend checking this out!*EDIT:The price of spell tomes from the city vendor has dropped *significantly* since the latest patch -- so that is no longer an issue!"
76561198052588888,Recommended,424370,32808013,Posted: 26 June,all,Flames of Origin,"Listen, I have been a fan of the ARPG genre since the days of Diablo 1, Diablo 2, Titan Quest, Titan Quest: Immortal Throne (and now the Anniversary Edition), and its spiritual successor known to the world as Grim Dawn, and Path of Exile. I have been an active member of the Grim Dawn community since the year 2013, and Grim Dawn is my favorite ARPG of all time.I have been curious about Wolcen since the days it was known as the enigmatic 'Umbra'. The game was basically in conceptual form back then, and I sort of didn't know what to make of it.Noticing that Steam had the game on Sale with its Summer Sale, I thought 'f' it. Why don't I just give it a try? So I just started playing the game. I'm so very early on, I can't even get into all of the various mechanics and systems of the game right now, because I am just learning them.The game's skill tree appears to have quite a lot of depth, similar to PoE's massive spiderweb of a skill tree, and Grim Dawn's 'Devotion' Constellation (skill tree). I thought I was hallucinating while attempting to navigate my way through the endless sea of build possibilites, and I may have indeed been hallucinating, who knows..Anyway, the gameplay felt very smooth and satisfying, and I was just using the basic 'Warrior' class skills, plus a fireball(ish) skill.  The game's energy (Umbra) management system kind of played tug of war with my brain, but it is fun once you begin to understand how this system works.The only bad thing is something on my end. That is to say, I started smelling smoke coming off my balls, and I looked down, and my PC was damn near on fire from being so outdated, technically speaking. I meet the recommended specs, just barely, but my balls were still sizzling long after my first play attempt.I'll add more once I establish experience with the game, and hopefully, I'll have a new rig soon, because I don't want to die in a fire playing this game, but it might be a badass way to go."
76561198018646433,Recommended,424370,28511278,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Chefkush,"Do you like loot-centric ARPG's in the classic tune of D2?  Then this game is for you.  Still in early access so expect wipes and limited gameplay.  That being said, there has been a constant stream of successful updates from the devs since I purchased this product.  I have fun with it."
,Recommended,424370,31951505,Posted: 25 May,all,confused_enemy,"This is an amazing game so far. I am very interested in what the future holds for this game.* It does get hard to see the mouse pointer when rez is 4k and skills are lighting up the screen. It would be nice to have a UI scale slider or something with an option for mouse enlargement.* The game needs to pause in menu systems or when your skill tree is out. When selecting skills it moves the character underneath the menu.* Occasional crashes.For an alpha this has a lot of polish so far; Elementalist is just brilliant!Would love multi-player co-op for this one, just feels like it would be icing on the cake.Certainly recommended!"
,Recommended,424370,22290572,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Prof. Sweetlove,"I'm a sucker for Diablo esque games.This shows really big potential, but is by far not even in an early playable stage.Really just buy this if you wanna support development."
76561198060625379,Recommended,424370,22105292,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Challenger-UK,"Welldone is the first thing I should say starting this small review. I have been following this game for sometime, when it was called Umbra. And even then what i seen i wanted, so having played an hour and got my first crash I was still VERY VERY Impressed, I know its very early in development, but from what I have had a small taste I want more!! The graphics are Stunning!! I mean wow, diablo 3 looks like a ps2 game compared to this. The spells were amazing! I mean wow just wow, Keep this up Wolcen Studios!! I wont play much more now till completeion, But I am very very Glad i got this on Early Access. This utters Diablo 3 killer. Epic, I can only imagine what the finished game will be like.GOOD WORK GUYS!!"
76561197970929179,Recommended,424370,26687013,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Brjyndrrwuulf,"Looking very promising , can't wait for the finished product , already very polished and way ahead of any competition out on the marketplace within the same genre of gameplay , the upgrade system is somewhat similar to Path of Exile but I'm hoping for more detail in that area , but I'm sure that the developers will deliver an unblemished masterpiece , highly recomended , I still play Diablo 3 a lot but this title is a very serious contender for top spot . Can't wait to see what other suprises this game title will deliver , now for a compelling storyline . Another contender for top dog in the isometric chess view style of gameplay is "" Victor Vran "" but"" Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem "" has it all including incredible graphics quality , you just can't beat it on any level even though the game is still in Early access and even if there are some other titles out there including Diablo 3 that are better at the moment thay won't be top dog for long once the finished product is released 10/10"
76561198106460742,Recommended,424370,28660146,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ZincGoblin,"It's certainly nothing spectacular. I'd say it's less early access, and more (paid) public testing than anything. From the very start, it becomes blatantly obvious the game is bare boned. For those that don't like this, I suggest not getting the game until months later. If you like being part of the creation of a game, I guess this is an opportune time.Anyways, the game is bare boned. Majority of items have placeholder descriptions, tomes don't actually describe what they do, quests are relitively vague, UI is kind of detailed? Kind of?The game reminds me very much of Path of Exile, with how the passive points work, how everything generally works in appearance. Both have the same sort of ""No class"" classes. Of course, PoE has had way more time to be polished, so comparing the two is unfair.I like it, kind of. It's difficult for me. A lot of walking involved, and the waypoint portals have a hard time deciding if they want to work. I got it, because the game itself looked good. If it means I have to wait a bit for a better game, oh well.Oh yeah, for the devs:You might want to check out the waypoint portal issue. Whenever I discover a new waypoint, it doesn't activate until I leave the game and restart.Also, pressing Alt to show items on the ground seems to freeze the game, so I had to change it to something else, like 'V'. I didn't need to see enemy health bars anyway. Why not just make it an in setting option, toggle on or off weapons on the ground names, or so?"
,Recommended,424370,26040771,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Radeon Force,"Umbra aka Wolcen is a french ARPG created by a small studio with the same name and what a amazing product they deliver to us in despite of being on Early Acess.Technically Wolcen is a beauty with the power of cry engine with is amazing graphics not only for the ambient but the spells, the shadows all have top quality in terms of visuals.In terms of gameplay is what i want for a ARPG, the game is classless, you can specialized in for example a crossbow user with lightning spells, a sword user with necromancer skills, there is so many ways to play specially now with the passive tree.There is some quite bugs in the moment,some crashes and the character movement is a little clunky and not very fluid but this is a early acess game so its normal.+ Amazing graphics+ Classless+ Many ways to build your character+ Housing+ Dedicated team that listen the community+ Price- Still got bugs- Some crashes- The character movement its still a little clunky and still not very fluid- The full content its not out yet ( :D )"
76561198121578545,Recommended,424370,32639802,Posted: 22 June,all,pussy destroyer,"Bought the game out of complete boredom and fell in love.The skills system is a work in prog atm (not alot to choose from yet but each skill has upgrades that changes how the skillworks which is super cool for character design) but shows a ton of potential.The story is still in the works but the premise is interesting, the dungeons and  monsters are fun and the environment allowsfor different playstyles.The graphics are very stunning for an ARPG since its using the cryengine..All in all the game is fun and when its finished it will be addictingly even more so. The devs show much love to this game and communicates well with the community.TLDR: buy it its fun...."
76561198106518220,Recommended,424370,23384453,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,graf_fridula,"First I have to say that there are problems in this game: crashes, bugs, glitches etcBUT: The devs are working very hard to fix them and improve the game at least twice a month!And with every update its gets better.And even now I enjoy this game very much. running through a rainy forest at night and shlashing zombies with axes, swords, daggers etc. throwing umbra bombs (I don´t know the exact name for this spell) is very atmospheric and funny!Btw. The game looks awesome!!!!"
,Recommended,424370,22116831,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Day,"Oh this game.... It's a game which has Huge potential . It has the potential of what diablo 3 could of been . Optimization , it's bad. Face it , it's early access optimization is going to be bad at this point in time. Combat, its great , fluid and fast pace . With flashy skills and combos , it's the best animations in a ARPG since lost ark online. Worth it at this point in time ? Thats up to you !"
,Recommended,424370,23852454,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rock1m1,"Been following the game from kickstarter, but sadly was only able to actually try it until a few days ago. The game pretty early in it's development, so expect the game to have numerous stability issues and not much in terms of content. With that said, even in this early form the game is brimming with potential.The aRPG genre is nothing new, however the game already doing a lot of things differently to set it apart from it's peers. For one thing, even at this early stage, the graphics are beautiful, definitely one of the best looking aRPGs out there.The game combat has a lot of weight, making every hit very satisfying. The multiplayer and coop aspects are very promsing, althought the moment it is not developed into the game yet.Early Access is always a gamble but bearing in mind that this stuidio is often highlighed by Crytek themselves and how active they are in the forums to g ather player feedback. One should not need to worry about the game's final outcome.So in the end, I can't recommend this game at the moment if you have low tolerance to bugs and want a good experience from the moment you buy a game. However, if you are willing to look past these issues and help them shape out the game through your feedback, then I can definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,424370,23236074,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Loki,"So, this game is great and don't get me wrong it is FAR from perfect but let me tell you it is one of the most beautiful and visually astounding ARPGs i have played ever. It's got more detail than POE and Diablo 3 hands down. It does have it's bugs and it does freeze from time to time but I cannot wait to play this game until the final release. I just hope it isn't like one of those projects that lasts 4 years in the same state."
76561198014503096,Recommended,424370,35022826,Posted: 17 September,all,Vash,Pros:Diablo HD - Powered by CryEngine.No preset class.Stats are manually allocated by player.Skills are learnt and powered up via Skill Books (no skill tree).Passives tree grants additional effects and bonus stats.Also includes 1-2 room mini boss 'dungeons' from D3Cons:Needs a bit of optimization.NO bows :( Only Crossbows in the game.
,Recommended,424370,28068933,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,albinlindstroem,This is what it is being advertised thus an early access game. It is not even close to finished but it has huge potential. Would definitely recommend to purchase it but for those looking for a full game experience should wait for final release.
,Recommended,424370,24716918,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Broda,Lots of bugs and poor optimization. This game has the potential of being the best ARPG around but needs a lot of work before then.
76561198043120400,Recommended,424370,22079846,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sloom,"Cool game, love it so far, noticed a few errors in the dialogue such as the first templar you meet mispelling a word and also some errors with text being like ""@Gabriel_maybe_you_should_investigate_with_him"", This is no problem but there is a downside with the frequent crashes, constant glitching and the game being unoptimized.But this is Alpha and i am just putting this out there that if you can't be bothered with dealing with a buggy game that is half complete, just wait until the game is ironed out and released.The combat is amazing however in my experience melee is severely underpowered as you can just spam a magic ability and mow down 20 enemies at once. I also experienced a glitch where i randomly gained 56 skill points (no idea why).despite all this. I know this can be easily fixed by the devs. and given that it is newly released I would say you should get this game. Because it is beautiful and thrilling with awesome characters and enemies. But maybe wait until it is fully released."
76561197974925929,Not Recommended,424370,31045872,Posted: 9 April,all,Mr Sommer,"Wolcen is truely an early access ""game"". I bought it already some time ago and start it from time to time to see whats new.The good news: There is progress!The bad news: After a year it still feels like an early alpha version.I don't want to list issues here cause it's too early to blame (see ""The bad news""). I long for a new ARPG and I wish this one will be a success. If you hope so too, buy ""Wolcen"" to support the developers! Just don't buy it if you expect a decent game experience. It is more a tech-demo than a game, after 2-3h you have basically seen everything (or maybe I missed something?!). From what I have seen I presume it will not be released this year, it is more likely to be end of 2018 or even 2019.Thats why I can't recommend ""Wolcen"" as a game yet.As a tech demo it's nice, you play it for like 2h and say: Hey, wouldn't it be great if they would make a real game out of it! However, I wouldn't pay for a tech demo."
76561197970335358,Recommended,424370,30345037,Posted: 5 March,all,Nils,"This game definitely has the potential to become a good one. The graphics are nice and if you have ever played a game of this genre you will not need long to feel at home. Most things feel right already.There are some flaws though which are typical for an alpha. As of now the overall atmosphere is pretty thin. Voiceover is missing completely at this point. Thus, it lacks depth in storytelling. There are also many bugs (minimap does not show anything, sometimes you can't click anything in your inventory, screen turns black after returning from a bounty, and many more). Plus the AI is pretty dumb. As a ranged it's too easy to avoid any kind of attacks against you.I am only Level 10 now, so take my words with a grain of salt.Overall I am excited what the future will bring for Wolcen. I hope they don't mess this up."
76561197970931301,Recommended,424370,31100084,Posted: 12 April,all,MssMe-Grizzled,"I love the way this game is going. DO note, it is still in ALPHA, so not optimized yet.Positives first: skill trees are based on how much you use a skill, and character level, I like the interaction. Character class is all free flowing based on the character path you choose, while there is not a massive amount of cross ""skills"" for characters, it is easy to work multiple class trees into your build. The enviroment is stunning, shadows, dynamic lighting, one of the first things I noticed was it started raining and my character got wet, the cloth armor changed color and seemed to ""cling"" just like it would if I were caught outside in a storm.Negetives: as an Alpha, content is limited, not optamized and there are a few bugs, sometimes connection problems with online play. These are expected in an Alpha build, but I list them here because I want to make it clear that if you purchase this game, it is not complete. The other thing is this game was translated from another language. Sometimes the words used in the game are not the very best fit, they are understandable, and there was no confusion, but several times I was slightly taken aback by the choice of descriptive element."
76561198094438264,Recommended,424370,33396816,Posted: 9 July,all,douglasbrown242,"I just wanted to say that the game has a ton of promise. At the moment I have a lot of crashes, lags, music stuttering,  character getting stuck in rocks regularly and just about every time I play I end up having to get off due to the issues. I'm having a difficult time finding where to turn in some of the quests due to there not being any mark on the map to tell me where to go to turn it in. A quest log with a name of where to go to turn them in would be helpful. I really look forward to the finished product though. So far it looks much better than diablo and grim dawn. Hopefully the bugs get worked out and the game gets fully created. Overall great job creating an arpg that isnt the same as all the others. Skill tree is super cool by the too and character creation as you play was a really cool idea. I definitely recommend this game even with all the issues I'm having. I look forward to more updates."
76561197960684671,Recommended,424370,29035523,Posted: 5 January,all,JunkRat_Manowar,Great GFX and looks very promising! for RPG fans this game is a must gives you this Baldur's gate feeling (without turnbased) along with Diablo/Path of Exile/Grim Dawn.alot of customzation trough a Path of exile like talent tree without true class system but u can make it however you want it seems alot of good things going on.Keep up the good wok!i would recommend this to RPG fans.
,Recommended,424370,32697324,Posted: 23 June,all,ShankTheNoob,"In its current state, the game has a lot of crash-to-desktop moments and bugs interfering with quest progression and the like. However, that's not a slam to the game. It's got massive potential, and for the brief time I spent with it, it's not by any stretch ""bad."" The devs just need to put in more hours on troubleshooting and polish, and this will be a solid game.Keep it up, devs, you're doing great so far. :D"
76561198031426924,Recommended,424370,33119051,Posted: 2 July,all,Ravagorn,"Very good game, but still buggy in Alpha version.It has a great potentiel when it will be finished o)"
76561197961393317,Recommended,424370,33408623,Posted: 9 July,all,canbacn,"As a huge fan of hack and slash dungeon crawlers, this has the potential to be one of the best if the continue to add to what is already a great base"
76561197970558881,Recommended,424370,32694870,Posted: 23 June,all,grog-the-nailer,"Ok first impressions after an hour.  One,  this game is great and is going to be stellar.  I have been waiting for a game like this.  Smooth gameplay,  graphics are great,  gameplay itself and all the things with it is awesome. Looks great,  feels great and I love the UI layout.Two,  it's on sale right now and even though its like 25% off I would have paid the extra 25% no problem after learning and seeing that the game is great.  If you are sitting on the fence...don't.  get it.  A huge update just came out and it caught my eye.  I believe this one is a no-brainer...just get it and enjoy. Plays very well for alpha.  Highly recommended!"
76561198019417185,Recommended,424370,34419827,Posted: 22 August,all,Sheogorath.,"Don't you dare giving up on this game!Enough with the prologue. The most amazing hack n slash game i've ever played. A piece of art if they manage to go on full release. Bugged of course, Meeting the same bosses and monsters all the time etc, but i don't give 2 sh**s about it. The is so promising. I've been watching the game for about 8-9 months before i made the purshase, seeing how often they update, if there are big and serious updates or just eye candy for a money grab and finally i did give me money and i don't regret it. Hope the devs don't make me regret it like many many other indie devs. Keep up the good work and I'm sure this game is going on the top 3 list of rpg games."
,Recommended,424370,26679966,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,PhantomZwei,"So first up: There are some negative review out there complaining about in what a bad shape this game is, may it be stupidity or ignorance, those people seem to now have read through stuff about this game, nor did they take a look at the starting loading screen. There it states PRE-ALPHA. Also if you consider buying an Early Access game you should keep in mind a game still can be in such a phase.Now to the actual review: Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem is an actual blast, and that in the pre-alpha phase already. The games skill mechanics are pretty good to handle and you can go for whatever you want to go for. Plate armor wielding mage? Yup! Cloath wearing assassinlike mage? Yup! With the new Passive Skilltree you now can choose whatever you want to go for. While contentwise the game is still laking (well it's pre-alpha after all), it still offers you a bounty-mode which throws you into a dungeon that you have to clear as far as possible.As for the combat-controlls it is very similar to other games of it's genre but unlike in most of them you can activly dodge and block (while blocking only works with an equipped shield). Some may think ""Hmm dodging why would i need it, just stack hp and resistances"" dodging can offer you great rewards if pulled of correctly in some of the passiv skills.Caster won't be underpowered due to the fact you can stuff them up with alot of things, may it be plate armor or the choice between several ""magicschools"" such as fire,frost,etc. which all offer a variety of single target and aoe skills. Or can use ""warrior"" skills as mage if you prefer that.To put it in a nutshell Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem is a game with great potential. I've been following the game since the early access version released testing it out every patch, and my experience shows that it realy gets better and better every time.If you also want to support the development of this game of rich potentiall the early access version is a great start.If you just want to play a fully developed game you should probably wait till second half of 2017"
76561197989860359,Recommended,424370,22025251,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Agathor,"Only played for a few minutes but the skill casting feel... amazing! I believe it has great potential, will say something after playing a bit more."
76561198021471400,Recommended,424370,29350380,Posted: 18 January,all,ZESMA,"Game has some serous optimization issues that need to be fixed as soon as possible, going down into the Teens in FPS when not even fighting anything is unacceptable, this game uses way too much cpu resources, im running a skylake i5 and the game sometimes went to 90% cpu usage  (while not even fighting) i do think its worth the $19.99 you pay, the game is really good and fun not to mention it looks better then any other ARPG i have ever seen. and they are adding multiplayer soon (hopefully) just do not expect the game to run very good because it does not. they are doing regular updates from the looks of it, so i am possitive they will fix the lagging and cpu resource hog problem, this game also has character houseing and house customization, i don't know any ARPGs that have a houseing and house cutomization feature, not to mention the character modles are stunning and i can't say the character customization options are amazing, but i am sure they will add more options in the future, dont expect this game to hold your hand like diablo 3 either, this game is brutal. in its current state being a alpha i give it a 7/10 most likley a 10/10 in the future."
,Recommended,424370,26042794,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fe[A]rless Knight,"I felt like back in 2000 when 1st time diablo 2 released. There so many various elements of the atmosphere such as Path of Exile, Diablo series, Titan Quest any Dark Fantasy diablo clone theme. Grinding in this game It makes me addictive , I love the graphics, gameplay, Everything almost perfect on Wolcen, I hope in the future of this game is getting better and need optimization . Recommended for Diablo fans should play this game ! Worth it to try"
,Recommended,424370,32859627,Posted: 27 June,all,Angry Jezuz The Noodle Master,"The Game is Beautiful.Finished: No, but it's Great for what it is and could be in the Future with more Added in time.Price Wise: Pretty Good :)Do i recommend it: Yes, yes i do.Even if u don't Buy it at least Wishlist it and keep a Eye on the Development of it :)"
76561198098783870,Recommended,424370,32169442,Posted: 3 June,all,Yxxx6,"This game is awesome! There is nothing to complain about other than the random crashes, glitches and framerate consumption. The one thing that I would like to really complain about is the communication for the devs. This seems very important and I really hope they will read this review! Some people are not really used to Trolle or what ever the site they use for the reporting issues and bugs. The devs should let us reviewers or gamers comment on the disscussions page for certain issues.Other than this. This game is really amazing and I hope it does very well!"
76561198033784050,Recommended,424370,33079695,Posted: 1 July,all,HILL3234,"It has it's issues for sure @current state, but it reminds me to the early days of ""Space Engeneers"", which got way better after each update.Same to say for ""Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem"".I did not play it a lot right now, but i can see it's potential to be one of the best games in its genre after it got finished.Keep on the great work devs!Right now i would say if you can wait some time(like on roadmap listed, maybe around 6 month[end of 2017, maybe @ 24th dec ;)?], it will be much fun with a coop/multiplayer mode. Thats why I can say feel free to get this game and support the ongoing work with very frequently updates or just wait a little more, anyway i think it's worth it and i can recomend it.Just keep in mind its still in""Early Access"" state.Reminder    : all above is just my own oppinion.Reminder 2 : I will update this review after Full-Release of the game."
,Recommended,424370,34315276,Posted: 17 August,all,Grunvagr,"TLDR:  Great diablo-dungeon crawler game.  Wishlist it for later.  Still in early development.  Really high potential.Keep an eye on this one.  It has potentially to be absolutely spectacular.  It's still being worked on, so don't buy it yet if you want a finished product.Devs have been furiously adding content and coding out bugs, etc.  They are quite responsive in the forums to player questions / concerns, which is great.The gameplay feels so satisfying.  The crunchiness of the combat is hard to explain.  Just feels right.  You can toss enemies with forceful attacks and spells.  Hammers and swords distinctly give just an amazing visceral feel to the combat in the game.  Very exciting so far."
76561198046821778,Recommended,424370,32855608,Posted: 27 June,all,Turtle,"Extremely fun combatSkill tree looks deep and promisingGraphics are awesomeSoundtrack gives me Witcher 3 vibesOccasional cinematicsBeautiful worldBad sound effectsA lot of bugsHope to see voice acting in dialogueDungeon are not exciting or fun, 1 room with a boss and a chest that's all.If i run in ultra setting will experience some dips in framerate, so i am playing in High Settings smoothly.However i believe the game can be further optimize.In an area can have a lot of generic enemies, get stale really fast.A lot of missing sound effectsWhen clicking the door sometimes my character will walk away or attack the doorSuggestions:A system to alert players when their HP/MP is low.Giving 3 points for passive skill tree per level is too much (period), my level 17 mage  manages to branch into other ""classes"" skill tree and still have the mage skill tree maxed out.The lightning, blizzard and fire storms are too powerful, after getting these abilities i am able to easily wipe hordes of enemies even elites and bosses.My game occassionally crashes very frustrating, i recommend adding more checkpoints throughout dungeons or quest areas so that when my game crashes i will not lose too much progession.Is the game worth playing or buying now?-Buy to experience this game first, don't invest too much time into it as every 2 month when there is a update your characters gets deleted. In my opinion it is worth buying now and watch the game develops.-If you are looking for a game with a lot of content to play with or spend your time with, this will not be a worth purchase as there are currently very little content.This game has a lot of potential, i have high hopes for this game. Can't wait for this game to be finished!"
,Recommended,424370,27296508,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geru,"Quoting my friend: ""Wolcen is like a raw banana waiting to be ripe"""
,Recommended,424370,35248265,Posted: 27 September,all,Multihack,"TLDR - skip to (3.)I have only been blown away by two games in my life.1. Path of Exile - at a time when Diablo clones were everywhere and taking our money, out came this beautiful game made with absolute passion, and blew them out of the water. For free!2. Rift (before it was f2p) - MMOs were stagnant and always had the same problems - to queue you had to be at the right location; skill trees were uninspired and more like skill roots; everything was about rush to the endgame so ""you can start playing"", pve/p was a boring click fest, few bosses were voiced, fewer required any strategy other than dps spam. This game fixed all of it and moreI can now add a third game to my list - Wolcen.3. Wolcen is a very engaging game and is doing something PoE is trying to do - address the endgame stagnation with more movement and strategy. I consider it a race between the two and Wolcen is clearly ahead, my character is always under threat no matter how much damage she can output, dodging and moving around is a requirement and I love it. The game is very enjoyable for the APRG fan, but there is a lot more to come - including multiplayer.The core gameplay is already there, after an hour you can see where this game will go. Wolcen is reminiscent of passionate and outside-the-box games like PoE and Rift, it will be a success, so get in on the action at the very beginning!If you're not passionate about the genre, it may bug you that it's still in alpha (plenty of content to enjoy nonetheless) so add it to your wishlist instead."
76561198006528083,Recommended,424370,26130169,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Augustine,"The game has very good potentials but there is a lot of work to be done still.f.y.i. my girlfriend got mad that your female model had to be walking on her toes at all times, like wtf is that about?"
,Recommended,424370,30006230,Posted: 18 February,all,AshySamurai,Very beautiful game. Yes in Early Access. Yes have some bugs but I can say that this game have less bugs than some games have after full release.In general the game looks really promosing and worth the money even now.
76561198048211850,Recommended,424370,23163275,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,russ0164,"A long way to go but looking good ,still bit jerky and items flickering on the ground but yeah I dont mind suporting this just hope the patches and fixs come thick and fast before it loses people"
,Recommended,424370,28256677,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Outcast™,"It has all the basic elements of a great RPG, updates regularly and has stunning visuals. Get it if you love Diablo as much as I do."
,Recommended,424370,26280273,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pixelica,"This game is very promising, nice graphic quality, and nice character progression and development.I don't recommend to purchase this product at the current state. But it's a good way to support the developer along the way until it's released.Why so little playtime on my steam record you asked maybe... because I don't want to spoil it until it's final release."
76561198030895844,Recommended,424370,22028327,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,straydd36,This is an early early version there are alot of crashes and bugs. This is going to be one of the best ARpgs around with more time. I've been watching this one close these guys are going to do some really awesome things with the genre. It is high quality all the way looks like we are going to have another sleeper like Grim Dawn in our hands. If they can stabalize it a bit more to make it more playable i'll be able to check out more of the world but as of right now I made it to my frost nova tome and crash. Becareful around pots and vases ended up getting stuck behind some. All in all its alpha build And these guys are definitely impressing me all ready. Keep it up guys. I have no doubts this will be brilliant once it gets a bit more on its feet.
76561198189037370,Recommended,424370,22043396,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Lord Onyx,"I have only played a few minutes of this game but I already love it, even though it is in Alpha.I can't wait for further updates. Adding an option to make the graphics a little less HD for laptops and the like to improve performance would be nice.I do recommend this game because even though it is still in Alpha it is one of the best games I have played in a while."
,Recommended,424370,26131473,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Stay at home bad,"Great initial impressions! If you don't know what an Alpha is you better look it up because you will be disappointed. With so many people lately thinking that those ""beta"" invites they get for games 3 weeks before release are actual ""betas"", you may need to check up the definitions of these terms.Besides the amazing graphics the 2 things that really caught my attention were the character creator and gear slots. You can actually change your weight on this game! Playing as a fat lady never felt so good. The amount of equippable items is the other thing. Along with the usual slots these kind of games have, shoulder drops seem to be for each shoulder (sort of like Fallout 4 and its gear) as well as wristguards for each hand too.  Theres so much potential here and I'm hoping they don't drop the ball."
76561198066710473,Recommended,424370,28766490,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Teutonix,Probably one of the most beautiful isometric rpgs on the market. The game *especially the mechanics* need a lot of work but it is in very early alpha & the devs seem to be very busy rolling out new updates & actually listening to what people have to say about the gameplay thus far. I know not everyone trusts EA games but there are gems every now & then like Grim Dawn & this game has the potential to do the same. If it's on sale & you're a fan of iso/arpgs grab it! Now! Hurry!
76561198230255128,Recommended,424370,33643085,Posted: 18 July,all,EnjoyTheJourney,"I just bought the early access yesterday (version 0.5).The game looks really good and I like the effects. I'm learning how to balance the rage and umbra. The potential for a great game is clearly there.It's currently taking quite a bit of patience to experience the game because the game usually quits a little while after starting. Also, I'm wondering if traps will be a big part of the game (ie: stuff you can't fight back against, and just have to rely on twitch reflexes to avoid).This is my first steam review for a game. If I'm allowed to edit it as I gain more in-game experience, then I will."
76561198052274617,Recommended,424370,28144501,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Frank,"Game looks great, really fun to play.But it's really a work in progress. Empty world, only tutoriel to do."
76561198019851280,Recommended,424370,23152299,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BlackEy3e,"High Potential!Nice skillsystem, everything looks good. What they are planning to implement into the game is awesome!Only con that I have so far is, that it's not really optimized and therefore laggy. On the other hand, it's still alpha and a play it on a 3.5 year old laptop/toaster..I've seen some rewiews saying that there will be no coop..well here is an offical statement from the developers that there will be a coop mode, they just want the game to run more stable before activating multiplayer.http://steamcommunity.com/app/424370/discussions/0/385429254939655694/"
,Recommended,424370,29685712,Posted: 3 February,all,Mastercorvus,"Amazing for an un-finnished game. There are, what seems like, an infintie amount of way you can build you character."
,Recommended,424370,22033943,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Hudson,"The game looks interesting and greatly reminds me of a style I miss.  I look forward to playing this eventually...*Cough*You should have really made sure we had some playability with this before released as an Alpha.  I understand there was a mistake in the tubes, sorta speak, and it is being corrected as we speak.I gave the thumbs up in the faith the problems will be dealt with and what I see already will be playable.I crash around the same area still, just a little ways out of the cave.  It forces me to do a hard reset because my comp freezes up.  I'll try again in a week.  If it's like this...refund time and I'll switch my thumb to down.  I should at least be able to play the game to test it out."
,Recommended,424370,26550973,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Wowwoww,"Just bought ""Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem"" and with in 10 minutes of gameplay I am already very impressed.  It feels like They crossed Divinity, the Diablo Franchise (mostly 1 in my opinion), Grim dawn, with some elements of Magica, then made it pretty.  I have never played a game that made a Hybrid-Battlemage feel so natural.  I know I haven't played much of it, and I will put edits in my review if anything gamebreaking happens, but as it stands right now, I don't feel I wasted a single penny of my $20.  Well done, Devs.  Well done."
76561198044896295,Recommended,424370,29867265,Posted: 12 February,all,Catz-O-logy,"First of all, this game has alot of potential.Pros♦ Great graphics and atmosphere.♦ Has nice charcter development.♦ Combines best of the common legendary ARPG's in the market like Path of Exile and Diablo.♦ Even its still Early Access, development team continuosly adding new stuff to game.♦ Combat looks awesome. Actually you feel hitting to something.♦ Combat and generic sounds are nice.Cons♦ Graphics are nice but VERY unoptimized and causes too much FPS drops if you have mid-tier computer.♦ For an Alpha state, i expected more completed game.♦ Game slowly getting new updates and those are huge. We probably end up 30gb+ disc space. SSD required.♦ Can't say this too early but just female and male is not enough. We need Race system. Only looks like Titan Quest. A small change wont hurt. Also gives more lore and race specific quests and items can be nice to have and ADDS more playable time. Class system is already nice. I'm adding this to Cons because only generic female and male with no background gives ZERO desire to play again after i finish the game.♦ They need to work more on optimizing the game first. Rather than adding new weapons. A game with wonderful things will be down due to bad optimizing."
76561198188196899,Recommended,424370,30286201,Posted: 2 March,all,EL Duderino,"Potential - This game has A LOT of it.Just exploring the map, I got to the cut off, then I started to think maybe I have almost seen everything. (since it's unfinished at the moment) Well I surely was wrong, there is quite a bit to see here actually.I am pumped to see where this game heads as I have been waiting for another excellent ARPG.If you enjoy following a great game that is not finished, but enjoy the adventure and testing of said game, pick this one up NOW!"
,Recommended,424370,29885639,Posted: 12 February,all,LordIllidan84,"Very enjoyable ARPG. I'm liking it so far better than Grim Dawn when it was at this stage, and the ability to create and furnish your own home really adds a nice touch to the game. Very open world feel with good dungeons and a challenging but fair difficulty about it. Also the graphics are very good, which I enjoy very much in an ARPG."
76561197988437503,Recommended,424370,24029463,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Omensinger,"Let me start off by saying this game is in early access. Really early access!It has a huge amount of potential. It looks to have a massive range of skills to pick and choose from, kind of like Path of Exile but has much more of a Diablo 3 style of using skills and combat.Should you buy it?If you don't mind playing a game that has lots of placeholders, many features still to be added then Yes.If you want to fund what looks to be an awesome game as it develops then Yes.If you want a finished polished game with full features from the start then wait a while and then Yes.In fact, just buy it now and help fund a brilliant game even if you don't play it until it's fully released."
76561198026882755,Not Recommended,424370,26573109,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fumbles,"EDIT: I previously tentatively recommended this game. I cannot, based upon the price tag. $20 is approximately 1/3 the cost of a full game, yet there was far more content in the Diablo 3 beta (Act I up to the Skeleton King, for those who didn't play it) than there is here. There are just too many bugs and crashes right now, and not enough content, to merit charging $20.The basics of a good game are here. Combat magic has been the most enjoyable aspect for me by far. At lvl. 15 I can melt faces with so much lightning, Palpatine himself would tearfully order some male enhancement as a coping mechanism for his immasculation.When the devs say ""alpha,"" though, they REALLY mean it. As of right now, there is very little content. After about 3 hours I feel like I've done about all that one character can do, and then spent some time doing a lttle grinding and house-building. I'm actually quite puzzled as to what the 8ish GB of downloads were. Controls cannot be remapped, and can be finicky (particularly the damn camera). A few story quests, about 8 waypoints, a couple of dungeons, an ""endless"" bounty run that just recycles maps, and...that's it. I've gone everywhere I can. There's barely any story.**THERE IS CURRENTLY NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER** I did not know this going in, and it was a slap in the face.I see a lot of potential here. The devs say they strive to update twice a month, and I want to follow it for now. I particularly want to see further tiers of the Gate of Fates, and hopefully see a greater emphasis on developing new mechanics instead of just stat-stacking (right now it leans mostly towards stat-stacking; moar elementa1 storms!1!). But there is a LOT of work that needs to be done."
76561198041691569,Recommended,424370,25861108,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,bbarber1433,"Great game for a alpha still has crash problems but the game play is solid much like diablo 3 mixed with path of exile will be a great game when all the bugs and crash problems are fixed. Graphics are slightly better than path but much the same.If you dont mind the crashes and rough edges go ahead and buy, but DONT expect perfection sometimes ill go an hour before a crash and sometimes 4 min.UPDATEsince the last patch the crashes have all stopped havent crashed once sinceive spent more time playing and have found the story line only goes so far, call it a intro only then its just open world game play is still fun but its just random theres progresion lvl and skill wise and you can find stronger oponents but no real bosses as such and the equipment upgrades come very slowlymagic seems weeker and harder to use vs rage skills right now using basic attack builds rage so it costs mana (its a teter toter setup one goes up the other falls) needs a option for the reverse wands and staffs to power mana swords and axes for rage ect."
76561198051102518,Recommended,424370,26188900,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Cowhead,"Good game, Grim Dawn/Titan Quest/Diablo style."
76561198002046421,Recommended,424370,34030434,Posted: 4 August,all,gatorraid,Great job guys this recent patch made the game feel 1000% better :)keep up the great workvery fun game keep in mind early accessmy favorite build is shooting force lightning at people and pretending im a sith :P
76561198048570876,Recommended,424370,34220205,Posted: 13 August,all,TapetalKarma,For a game in alpha it's a fantastic game... the finished product is sure to be one of my favoite ARPGs of all time as i've never had so much fun in one already and there is still so much to be added.  just dont use the skill whirlwind... currently severly underpowered only becuase of its rage cost. 10/10 game
,Recommended,424370,33604256,Posted: 17 July,all,Ritchiie,"The game is pretty good, the latest hotfixes on patch 0.5 solved quite a lot of random crashes for me. Once the game gets optimised and is able to run smoothly without FPS drops and such, it will be absolutely great.In its current alpha stage, you can level up a character pretty fast once you get the hang of it and that allows you to test a variety of builds really fast. The ones that worked best for me were the elementalist and the ranger/assassin bow build. The AOE damage is just awesome :) Melee builds could maybe use a bit of tweaking and buffing as the ranged builds mentioned above are superior and faster at the moment. You can just get punished easier by playing melee basically.Overall a great game which provides quite a lot of build variety and the skill tree is not even complete yet (can't wait to see the implementation of the next skill rings). Also the game is suitable for different playstyles; you can play it casually or tryhard really good rare/legendary gear if you want to.I believe that, as more content is added and more optimisation/bug fixes are done, the game will be one of the best ARPGs out there, both visually and content-wise :) Give it a try !"
76561197979029150,Recommended,424370,33512783,Posted: 13 July,all,Refgain,I love hack'n'slash games such as Diablo and Path of Exile. This game looks great and I keep praying for 'em to continue on the same track as they are now. It's early access so the content are not that great but it looks promising.
,Recommended,424370,26023975,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,CGB Spender,"I started with Experimental Update 0.30It's in alpha, so, bugs and crashes aside, I like this game a lot. If you like isometric action RPG's, I recommend supporting WOLCEN Studio, it seems they really know what they're doing here."
,Recommended,424370,32699185,Posted: 23 June,all,OJE,It still has a long way to go. But it does have potential.
76561198295049443,Recommended,424370,28326870,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Farlin,Liking the game so far....Has great potential. Loving the house feature and the music!
76561198218804353,Recommended,424370,27669332,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlinGh,"I am new to steam and i do not have a lot of experience with reviews, but this game, in my opinion is the most promising out there. Even though it is in its early stages, the team behind it is very passionate and it deserves our support. Give it a go and help them develop what it has the potential to be the best game in the arpg genre."
,Recommended,424370,31719675,Posted: 13 May,all,Mark,"If you like games like path of exile, diablo, torchlight etc then you will like this too.-The visual effects are really good looking, and interesting.-There is a good variety of different skills-The skill tree is pretty much perfect for me in that it is comparable to PoE but with less options. This means that you dont have to go looking up builds and foillowing them to make sure than your character will be good in the late game.-Being that it is still early release there isnt voice acting in for all conversations yet, which is to be expected-There are some npc's that dont have any speach options etc which i assume will be added in time-The only reason that i dont have more play time is that every now and then a big update will come out that makes your character not compatable with the new game version, which again is to be expected.I would also like to stress that it isnt an abandoned game like so many other early access games, we are still seing updates and i cant wait to see what the game is like further down the road."
76561197999567548,Recommended,424370,22091774,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,smatko270,"Folks, I posted my first review of this game in March, '16, when the game was very much in its infancy. Even then, in its bare-bones condition, the game showed a bunch of great potential. Since then, the developers have delivered frequent updates/improvement...much more than the typical gamer is used to. 17 months later, this game is becoming massive in its scope, and impressive in its vision and sense of innovation, whether we are speaking of the skill 'tree' (hardly the correct word, as fellow players would agree), or the combat system, or the merchant/inventory system. I don't know when the final date of release will be for this game, but I suspect that when that day comes, the finished product is going to be one of the most impressive A-RPG games on the market."
76561198065325441,Recommended,424370,26120192,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mynameiseoin,"One thing to note: This game is VERY taxing on your computer. I'm sure that has to do with it being early access and will be optimised, I just thought you should know.I have a pretty dang powerful rig that can run pretty much anything out now on ultra or very close to ultra and though I can run this game at ultra, the fans go BESERK.Very promising game though! I'm betting that this one will be a hit with fans of the genre, once it's gotten a few more updates."
,Recommended,424370,29696623,Posted: 4 February,all,GiGGLES,LOVE... Seem's well optimised & the game mechanics is great. Fighting and ablitlies are cool as. The graphics with the cryengine makes it beautiful.This game is what diablo 3 should have been. Please continue to work your asses off and keep this gem going. I have faith this will be a fully released game in the future -- SO much potential here.Regards.
76561198033992934,Recommended,424370,29720452,Posted: 5 February,all,WickedRaisin,"This game has a lot of potential and the future is exciting.  I would like to see the house building mechanic mean something, currently I don't think it does anything for you other than to spend money, since there isn't really a good way to do that yet.  The graphics are great and I really enjoy the skill wheel system.  If you are a fan of Diablo type games then keep your eye on this one."
,Recommended,424370,28899420,Posted: 1 January,all,Frostwolf,"currently game is like playing demo with intro quest. MANY BUG. SO INCOMPLETE. just need 1 day to figure it out and maybe you will stop playing and waiting for next update. suits for rpg fans like Diablo / Titan Quest. if you expected to buy completely exciting game,just dont buy yet because this is ALPHA,really cant do much,cant go far. if its ok for you to take a part on early access for some GOOD NEW GAME,this is ok to buy and try. and waiting."
,Recommended,424370,29895923,Posted: 13 February,all,Camerooni,"Enjoying following the development process on this one. If you like to try new builds and see incremental change - this is a fun one to watch.. I wouldn't recommend it without a mid-range pc at least.. needless to say they're nowhere near the optimisation stages =)There's not much there at the moment, but the skeleton is starting to be pieced together.. it will be a good one to watch when they start filling it in with the fleshy bits..Also.. beefy characters are beefy ;)Oh and yeah.. it's still listed as Alpha, but it is nowhere near content complete! Though I guess dev's in general have forgotten what alpha/beta in software development is since beta apparently means 'just before launch demo' - lol.."
,Recommended,424370,32668756,Posted: 23 June,all,Sventera,"this game is fun, minor bugs here and there but its no biggie, its still brand new and in alpha. if you like diablo like games, this is fun. would be better if i could use a controller and if we could play with friends but im sure that will come later on as the game conntinues to update."
76561198026221646,Recommended,424370,22682798,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ryeon16,the game has potential hopefully the controller support is good in using all form of the game so there is a choice in playing with the mouse and keyboard or just a controller. IMO playing a game like this with partial controller support is a drag.
76561197998506067,Recommended,424370,29722380,Posted: 5 February,all,Sevazinho,"Incredible graphics, best of the ARPG until now, need some optimizations, but the developers are making it at least twice a month!"
,Recommended,424370,22039047,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dindu-Nuffin,It's Alpha.
76561197966203934,Recommended,424370,25214997,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"This Game has alot of Potential and the gameplay feels great, closest to D2 feeling i ever had next to sacred.  But there is alot to do for creating a Masterpiece out of it. Keep in mind its in Alpha phase and buying it is more supporting the development what is really worth for me."
76561198052463354,Recommended,424370,30223705,Posted: 27 February,all,Turin son of Hurin,"I've barely scratched the surface of this truly wonderous game.I'll just rhyme off some goo and bad things, generic sort of WIP review.Good / Enjoyable/ Personal taste ;-The game is difficult, it may be due to some enemies having pretty substantial health pools or me not building out my character correctly. But it is diffiult in some situations.-Day and night cycle, be warned♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real very quickly when night falls, different enemies that are hard as steel bulls balls.-Magic is utterly glorious in terms of effects and the weapons have a sense of weight behind them when they hit.-Dodge rolls!-Seems to be a pretty sprawling open world, with original lore hinted at. Like I said, I've only scratched the surface.-Updates are pretty huge, last one I seen was about 3GB.. or 8.. IDK it was late when i started the DL :P-Seems well optimised...again, I haven't really pushed it yet.-Abilities are bound to weapons and not characters, which allows for a rather diverse skill set overall, depending on which weapons you carry.-Game overall is visually stunning for an isometric ARPG-Camera control. - pet hate from ARPG's is a lack of camera control-Semi Destructable enviroments - Fences, ruins crumble etcBad / Disagreeable / may be turn offs ;-The game is after all early access, so don't get too commited or attacthed to characters, they may not survive every update, and that may be a steep price after many, many hours of work on one character.-Graphically stunning, which may be difficult for a select few PC's to pull off. Just an FYI.-Game is difficult in some situations , a lot of people now a days don't seem to enjoy a challenge. So again just FYI.-Large updates atm may be restrictive to some lesser download speeds / allowances.-Perks don't really ""unlock"" abilities, they are based on the held weapon, but perks increase the effective use of said weaponry and armour. Which is disastisfying to those who enjoy seeing a marked increase in going from a simple spark of lightning of flicker of fire to seeing the screen englufed in storms and fire tornadoes."
,Recommended,424370,22032764,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,☈ProShots,"Game looks beautiful, animations, spells and all. I didn't manage to crash it, but I havn't played it for too long yet. Animations are glitchy from time to time, the ui is quite glitchy as well. Not sure if it was intended or not, but I managed to max out my character at level 5 from continous skill points and become quite the god running around a dungeon; never did finish as I couldn't find the red portal key. It's definitely an alpha, this is for sure, but it's also playable....to some extent.Shows a lot of promise and I'm excited to see where they go with it. If you're interested in checking it out, go for it, but that's all you should expect to do."
76561197990749774,Recommended,424370,26109786,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,maga,"Awesome game!!! if you liked Diablo 2, Diablo 3 and Grim Dawn, this is basically all 3 of them combined =) Its still in early access, but its going to be so good once the alpha phase is over."
76561198267639791,Recommended,424370,23769767,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rubicon,"One of those rare EA games that are enjoyable from the very beginning, I am very excited to see how this game pans out, since already it is very fun to play."
76561197960693165,Recommended,424370,22372168,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,The Masked Frogue,"A great deal of good hack 'n slash games has been released those past few years. Diablo 3, Path of Exile, Grim Dawn and so on... And despite this, Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem may be the one with the biggest potential !Claiming to take the best from Diablo 3 intense action, Diablo 2 athmosphere, Skyrim liberty of action and Grysis visual quality, Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem is really aiming at the top.And though that Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem is still in a very early alpha stage, i must say that i m already very impressed.The first time playing Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem you ll be shocked by its incredible visual quality. Lightings, FX, textures... everything is rendered in a way more impressive fashion than in any other HnS game before. The Cryengine has outdone itself !Next you ll be surprised by how free you are to travel everywhere. There is no act I, II, III, etc with a linear path. Just go and explore the many areas of the game to discover both the game lore and places of interest. Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem has a rich story. Immerging yourself into its lore may even give you hints about secret places and treasures ! Through wandering you may find dangerous places such as dungeons taking place into caves, ancient ruins and so on. And as far as every dungeon is procedurally generated, you ll alway have new challenges exploring them.Last but not least you ll be pleased to notice that Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem gives you a total freedom over your character build. No class restriction at all. Spend your stat points as you wish. Learn every skill or focus on a couple, this is your choice. And your choices ll have consequences... Starting with your apocalyptic form ! The apocalyptic form are mutations (wings, horns, a third arm, etc) and is a unique feature of the game making all players unique in their look and powers. While you are playing at a low level, all important actions of your character ll be recorded. Based on said data, the game ll generate specific powers for your character, called apocalyptic upgrades. So, at higher levels, every player’s apocalyptic form should differ according to their story and play style.To conclude i can't express enough how impressed i am by Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem potential. If you re a hack 'n slash lover you can't regret investing into this game ! Especially knowing that this game price ll rise the closer we ll get from its release.Important note: as said before Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem is currently in a very early alpha stage. So many aspects of the game are missing and others are just placeholders. Take this very ealry alpha stage of the game as a proof of concept more than anything else (especially not a final product). So be warned that if you can't stand to have a game with many bugs and missing content just don't buy the game yet."
76561198051068387,Recommended,424370,33268179,Posted: 5 July,all,Jerome Biggins III,"Probably one of the best ARPGs I've played in a very long time. Little issues here and there but the amount the game is updated, it keeps me coming back."
76561198265147336,Recommended,424370,25902197,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,shuqi710,"The game of light and shadow effect is good!Still very early, a lot of bugs... But looking forward to late update..."
,Recommended,424370,26164463,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,madsny,"BASED ON: Alpha 0.3.0RATE: 6/10POTENTIAL: 8.5/10The atmosphere in Wolcen is absolutely amazing, from assets, textureing, lightning, FX etc. all very well done, gameplay in general was fun the machanics is a tad' different than other ARPG's but a welcome change, currently Wolcen is very much Alpha, it's a great demo and worth trying out.Wolcen has great potentials, and i sincerly hope the developers and artsts will keep working on this title.unless your okay with supporting games in development, i would not recconmend buying Wolcen just yet, despit Alpha 0.3.0 was a great experience, there are many elements of the games which need development, one of these being the massive FPS drops, that said it was absolutely playable, FPS only really dropped massively at very active and packed maps.can't wait until the next update."
76561198036732474,Recommended,424370,32712418,Posted: 23 June,all,abetow2531,This game is actually alot of fun.  This is still in alpha but when this game is finished it's going to be one of the best ARPG next to Path of Exile..
76561198218865609,Recommended,424370,32745516,Posted: 24 June,all,serenitysfade,"I was actually getting close to asking for a refund on this one, but there is too much potential to be thrown away.Visually the game is excellent.  It could use some polish in a few ways but for the most part, I like what I see.  The graphics are great and it doesn't cost too much on the hardware side of things.Like most early access titles Wolcen starts out with very little to no back story or relevant story material to give reason and purpose to you, the player, and your avatar.Speaking of the avatar, I think my first 'complaint' and recommendation regarding this particular title would be more options for the character creation.  More faces, and face morphs, more hairstyles, tattoos, makeup, scars, etc.  More elements to personalize the players avatar would be awesome for this type of game.  For now, all heroes look the same be they fat or thin, muscular, or puny.  I have yet to see an action RPG that provided character creation elements as precise as many of the MMO games available for a single player campaign.  I understand some do not care for this sort of thing, but there are many of us out here who do.My next concern is the controls.  The controls are almost too basic and without any real depth.  Everything can be done with a programmable mouse from character movement to attacks/action.  The game cries controller support and/or at least WASD character movement with camera control on the middle mouse button.  Similar to what Dungeon Siege III did in it's late build, it would be nice to allow the player to control the character, camera, dash/dodge/roll, and attack with a controller.  Assign four skills or powers to your L/RB and Triggers and you're set.  Just a thought.Combat is traditional with a mouse.  Just point and click with an occasional 1-4 press for skills or powers.  Again, very basic, but it works well.Animations need help.  The first ""boss"" character was animated like a cartoon in an otherwise grim and dark atmosphere.  The female avatar looks like her hip is out of place.  The ragdoll effect of bashing enemies is both commical and sour at the same time.Overall I look forward to seeing where this game is going and I hope it doesn't disappointment."
76561197970386163,Recommended,424370,33057228,Posted: 30 June,all,Matt GB,So far so very good.The most enjoyable ARPG I have played since Diablo II and Titan Quest. Fantastic looking and plays really well but obviously it still needs a lot of work as it's  riddled with bugs and crashes. Hopefully this will all eventually be resolved and we will be left with one of the finest ARPGs' in a long time.
76561197972377824,Recommended,424370,34074512,Posted: 6 August,all,lenmo,"Cool game, I see similarities with Grim Dawn and some different ideas. Nice looking areas and animations. Very satisfying combat."
76561198029563754,Recommended,424370,34051257,Posted: 5 August,all,NexNeko,"so far i like it but as an apha game, the lack of content is somewhat noticeable. primarilly there is a lack of skills and weapon variety at the moment. in a way i way id like to give it a ""maybe"" recommendation."
,Recommended,424370,34130673,Posted: 9 August,all,Just_Saiyan,"Don't have a huge history playing ARPG, except Titan Quest, so I can't really give my opinion when comparing this to other games in the Genre. But from what I have played Wolcen: Lord of Mayhem feels like it has Huge potential to be a really fun and action-fest ARPG. The graphics are top-notch, the whole skill system is fun to play around with and create different builds, the resource management with Umbra & Rage is a really cool concept and always has me doing a variety of spells. The combat definitely is improving with each patch, and with 0.5.0.1 that just came out feels smoothers and easier to target enemies.Overall, I think if you are looking for a new ARPG to play, this is one to look out for and support the devs, and looking throughout the forums, roadmap, dev-posts you can easily see the direction that the devs are wanting to go and it really does look exciting."
76561197970534088,Recommended,424370,35032567,Posted: 17 September,all,Blue,"I am a long time fan of Diablo/Bauldurs Gate western RPGs. I played the EA version about 2 months ago, and very impressed with what the studio has done so far. This is definitely a AAA level game, with enough originality and story to stand on it's own without feeling like a clone of something. I recommended it to my nephew, and he played it through several times, exploring the dynamics between the different magics.The balance between physical sword and shield attacks, and magic is very well done, neither feels lacking, and the interaction between the two is a nice engaging additional dynamic I've not seen elsewhere.I very much look forward to playing Wolcen again when it is officially released. If you are considering buying this game, stop considering, and just buy it, and sit on it until release. You can thank me later."
,Recommended,424370,35053794,Posted: 18 September,all,Gr0v3r,"2 hours in and have been impressed with every aspect of this game so far. The animations are beautiful, the landscapes are beautiful, and the gameplay has been flawless. It's easy to get in to, the tutorial popups are noninvasive, and the spell animations are just cool to look at. That being said the movement speed is a little slow for my taste and the character creation tools need a look at (the women look pretty strange, and there aren't multiple faces to choose from). Overall though the game, even in early access, is amazing. It keeps many features of the isometric dungeon crawler that make it fun to play, but changes enough that it doesn't feel like you're playing the same old boring Diablo clones. I'd give the EA version an 8/10. With some added features to the character creation this game could exceed any single player dungeon crawler like it."
76561197968937847,Recommended,424370,35116901,Posted: 21 September,all,AngryDad1969,Ok First off the game is Very Good but hard. Second it crashes a lot but i understand why and it does not bother me. The skill tree is a but confusing at first but i got the hang of it. Third the game does not rember to stay in full screen mode i have to re set it every time i load the game. Hopefully that will be fixed in the future. All in all i love the game it looks Killer and plays well when it does not crash. Also i wonder why there are no Bow's in the game only crossbows.
76561198031987602,Recommended,424370,34295971,Posted: 16 August,all,RealJhereg,"The game is coming along very nicely, great H&S fun. Devs have a Trello board set up with clear objectives and a good roadmap. They listen to the community as well. Looking forward to the finished product."
76561198377252633,Recommended,424370,35032444,Posted: 17 September,all,BuddhaofGame,"The game is in Early Access so it is still being developed please do not get this or any game in Early Access if you can't understand that. The developers regulary add substantial updates unlike that ♥♥♥♥ing Astroneer so I have confidence that the developers will fix any mistakes that updates cause, the recent update after the hotfix has fixed my game from crashing. While the campaign is currently lacking it still has some legs and I feel that the combat more than makes up for it. Maybe you agree with me maybe you don't I understand my fellow players that are giving this game negative reviews but I knew what I was getting into when I bought this game, and I know the chances of this game being stuck in limbo but thats the risk you get into when you buy Early Access game."
,Recommended,424370,35236442,Posted: 26 September,all,DrumAce,"I jumped in on this game in its very early stage when it just hit on steam in March.  It was pretty barebones then, but I still liked what I saw.Skip to now, the Devs have been working hard on this game and it shows.  It's almost night and day from when I first played it.  Now it is still not anywhere near complete, but it has vastly improved.  If you like games like Diablo or Grim Dawn or POE like I do, then this game is for you.  Like I said it has awhile before release, but in it's present state there is still some good fun and loot to be had."
76561198116502578,Recommended,424370,27445284,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,moenad,"This game has huge potential!! If done correctly, it'll be one hell of a game, even better than Diablo.Keep it up!"
76561198048261615,Recommended,424370,31767323,Posted: 15 May,all,cheajiwon,"The character building eventually ends same!!I am not good at using english though, here is my thoguht.The game is great!But needs to be something more in play style.First,  I love the mechanism of the game such as the magic system elemental based, reacting to the surroundings.second, the world concept is too monotone yet.I know the developers have their own concepts on this.But I want to recommend to slightly insert the oriental concepts. (world and weapons and armors and skills especially! for the play style)The character building eventually ends same, like a meaty- heavy muscle tank-like barbarian in skills and appearance  of player.So, eventually I feel it has no different play types.  just a heavy body barbarian running and rolling on the ground shooting fireball.That's why I want to recommend the developers put some oriental fight styles like sword art skills based on swiftness and speed.Well, you can say ""this is not that kind of game!""then I must say ""yeh~ it is NOT that kind of game"" what can I say?!As I said above, this game has its potential.And my play review :  Good game."
76561198032220603,Recommended,424370,33369343,Posted: 8 July,all,fivetoedchicken,"This is going to be an epic game when it is done. The combat is unbelievable, so much so that even big titles like Diablo have a lot to catch up with. Yes there are a few bugs which hopefully will be ironed out"
76561198033132301,Recommended,424370,32717306,Posted: 24 June,all,EckyThump,"At last a hack'n'slash RPG that doesn't look like a Saturday morning cartoon.And it looks promising too, let's hope the final game lives up to its potential."
76561197974423604,Recommended,424370,27935651,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,rickstir09,"This is an Alpa? Wolcen is more entertaining that some ""finished"" products I have purchased and played."
76561198102310545,Recommended,424370,32876412,Posted: 27 June,all,xXFaseChrisXx ®,This game has so much potential... please for the love of Wolcen don't do a cash grab and run like most other early access games this game is going to be great I can just see it now playing online with friends it's as if Diablo 3 and Path of Exile had a baby and out of the hairy cave comes Wolcen.
,Recommended,424370,32689627,Posted: 23 June,all,Thund3rb1rd,One of the promising RPG games.
,Recommended,424370,33448489,Posted: 10 July,all,kalrossmasters,loving it so far but seriously you guys need to balance this game. the Vomit Zombies have waaaay too much health for enemies that spawn full HP enemies. You seriously need to consider dropping their HP or halving the HP of the zombies they spawn. Two or three in an area constantly running around WILL overwhelm you with 30 zombies in seconds...and most of them will be the poison aura zombies. The same goes for other enemies that spawn more mobs. Like the gravedigger fight...every couple of seconds the guy puts out an aoe that wakes up about 10-15 zombies around him INCLUDING zombie butchers and other grave diggers. This is a serious balancing issue and needs to be addressed.
,Recommended,424370,26134233,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,undrentide,"Anyone who loves games like Dungeon Siege, Diablo or even the more recent Grim Dawn will find theres much to entertain here even in early access. While it doesnt stray far from your standard RPG stereotype it does what it does very well. The game is far from finished thats obvious but dont let that put you off.You can fully customise your character to go from all out warrior, ranger, spellcaster and all manner of hybrid builds in between. Abilities and spells can be powered up alongside your more generalised character levelling, and the talent system on this initial build adds some interesting passive abilities.Its clear this game is a work of love, and looking at its history its getting plenty of regular updates and bugfixes, and im more than happy to support it. For fans of this genre, grab it now!"
,Recommended,424370,26123153,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Yoozero,The game is still early access with many features still to be added.Graphics are gorgeous. Never seen another ARPG with such graphics.Can't wait to try the released version!
,Recommended,424370,26125070,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Obviously Derek,"So far I like what I see, this game is well on it's way to becomming a great ARPG, but it needs a lot of work. There are a lot of areas that are buggy and lacking, but for an EARLY work in progress, the game has really amazed me and I look forward to seeing continued work on it.If you are looking for a finshed game, then hold off to buy this, if you want to check it out and watch it's progress, then jump in now and get on the ride!ONE BIG COMMENT/COMPLAINT:  It is very difficult for me to speak to NPC's, you have to click the little arrow to the right side of the dialogue box, and when you do, your character moves in that direction, sometimes taking your out of the dialogue and then you need to start from the beginning of the conversation. The same happens when you click items in your inventory, but it isn't as frustrating there because you don't have to start over."
,Recommended,424370,24018666,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Charlie,"This is an early access review on alpha 0.2.5.Role playing game is a big game genre. However, during the recent years, we don't see many good hack and slash games or we don't even see many of them.More RPGs are going into first person or more tactical and many of them are turn based. This genre lacks good action RPG like Diablo, Titan Quest. Now Wolcen comes into my eyes.It probably is the first CryEngine's action RPG and the developers does utilize the power of CryEngine very well. From the features like DOF and Time of Day, and what impressive is that they even enable the dynamic global illumination in this game. Along with CryEngine's material and lighting system, the visual is stunning.The combat is pretty basic but it is acceptable since it is unfinished. But it is smooth and satisfying. The physics is solid and you will love to see enemies being knocked away.There are some issues that need to be improved like low FPS on high end video card and loading time is long. But I think they will get these done and it will grow to a great game.Totally worth investment, I hope my 15 bucks help them. :)"
76561198327629056,Recommended,424370,26041209,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jippesape,Only played for around 1 hour and really like this game. For an early access it runs smooth and looks stunning. Looking forward to seeing where the developers go with this game.
76561197965105520,Recommended,424370,26252203,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Racko,The game is super fun to play and can definitely be the next big ARPG. I just hope that it ends up have a true multiplayer and not just a co-op game mode.
76561198096808915,Recommended,424370,26577779,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tanchico,"I have not played much, but what I have seen looks extremely good. The combat is fun, the skill tree looks interesting.There is a lot of potential for this game to be amazing. If the company can keep pushing updates, this game will be very popular ;)I really love the lightning spell, chain lightning is just so cool ;)UPDATE: 7/5/2017. The latest update has changed loads of things, but has made going into dungeon extremely annoying. First level of the random dungeon portal and the end boss for that level has too much HP. My char has pretty good gear, with some new UNIQUE drops. I managed to kill the boss after about 4 minutes of just running around and hitting it with my spells then running off again..not fun in any way.Also lightning spell drops seem to be gone. I played for half an hour after the update and not one dropped. Chain lightning was a really cool spell to have, but it seems to be missing atm.UPDATE 9/4/2017: Lightning spells are still not dropping, but some are available from the vendor in town. Bosses in dungeons are still far too hard for magic users."
76561197997109962,Recommended,424370,34070838,Posted: 6 August,all,goredancer,- Bugged Inventory- Random CrashesThe Rest: SUPERB !
,Recommended,424370,34873003,Posted: 10 September,all,Maethor,"This game has a ton of potential but I see many reviews on this of people who bought it and expected a finished game.  This game is in very early alpha, I would say it is not even 25% complete.   You pretty much have access to the first chapter of the game.The graphics are fairly amazing and the story is looking to actually be pretty good.  The gameplay mechanics are interesting and fun.   It has one of the best gameplay systems for combat I have ever seen.   The potential for different builds is amazing.   One of my favorite aspects is how the elements interact with the world it is very interesting to see a game actually use this well.That said right now the game is plagued by balance and crash issues.   It is still very early in the games life so these kind of issues are to be expected.  After all you are not going to fine tune balance when your still adding gameplay mechanics and skills.    The game has also not gone through much in the way of performance enhancements because of the early state so if you don't have a good computer you will have a lot of problems.My recommendation is that if you like to see games as they develop this is a great buy.   It is very fun to see the constant progress the team is making every week.   The game is actually pretty fun in even its current state with the endless dungeon.Don't buy this game if your looking for something that is finished and polished.   This is an early access game and it truely fits early access.   Don't buy it expecting a game that is in beta state that is finished and just getting final tweaks."
,Recommended,424370,34017301,Posted: 4 August,all,SirSleepzAlot,Devs on point with this game right here ! First time I seen EA get so much love ! If you love ARPGs give this game a shot. Devs updating the game constantly !
76561198044442574,Recommended,424370,33901019,Posted: 30 July,all,LAWLESS,"game is coming along nice ,cant wait till its released"
,Recommended,424370,33233519,Posted: 4 July,all,Minthulhu (Omen),Got lost on first actual quest and ended up doing the daily challengeGot good loot and leveled up five timesI like this game
76561198285121791,Recommended,424370,32622530,Posted: 21 June,all,dave.balogh,Getting better all the time
76561198047269124,Recommended,424370,23920995,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cuppiocaek,"While being very very very early in its development, the game shows a lot of potential.Just the theme music in the  main menu is enough to get me excited.Definitely keep an eye on this one."
76561198049490762,Recommended,424370,33535292,Posted: 14 July,all,METALOVER,A-M-A-Z-I-N-G if this game was an mmo like it would pee lost ark and lineage eternal in the face.
76561198143475530,Recommended,424370,26128079,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FreshSandwichGandalf,this is totally awesome
76561197981716582,Recommended,424370,26241049,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,LavaJava,"Truely a next gen RPG.  Awesome classless system.  Masterful combat engine with beautiful  cinematics using the cryengine.  Please support this game, all it needs is a asset pass and final tweek and it would be 2016 RPG of the year."
76561198072025648,Recommended,424370,23979356,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mdek68,Im actually very impressed. Bought this last night and not one ounce of sorry. A lot of work and polish still to do but this is a team worthy to support
,Recommended,424370,23925962,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RoboJesus,"Very promising, be sure to check out if you enjoyed diablo/path of exile, etc. Happy to buy early and wait for a finished project especially considering a non sale price is only $20 at the moment and the devs are on regular updates, easy investment in a genre I enjoy."
,Recommended,424370,22069765,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Spee,"Performance issues, sound quality and User interface needs work. still I'm impressed with this game and I will expect an update that fixes performance issues and crashing."
76561198151453920,Recommended,424370,23204865,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FatherTiime,Played the game for an hour rig is currently running sli 980ti( only got the 1 card working on it ) and an i7 4790k oc to 4.6ghz played the game with maxed out settings and was only able to get a mere 30 fps once all the♥♥♥♥♥♥was going on onscreen but hey its alpha alot of optimisation still to be done.. it is by far the prettiest game iv seen of this type textures and animations of spells an abilities are top of the line its nothing but a treat for your eyes... forgot to mention i was playing this at the resolution of 2560 x 1440p so 30fps maxed is okay for now but with my rig i want 60fps no questions asked tbh... mechanics are looking solid i can see what i expect they will do come time so for the now i will come back in a couple of months to see whats going on.. its 15 quid so why not buy it i would imagine you wont regret the purchase it definetly gets you excited for what might be something very special on full release :)
,Recommended,424370,32133135,Posted: 2 June,all,Roldan,"I'm new on tis game, but I like what i see so far. I hope it comes up with great new stuf. Keep going wolcen team!!!"
76561198021613237,Recommended,424370,22352318,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,A.Z.,"Tested on a GTX 980ti with 16gb ram.Right off the bat, this game is freaking gorgeous! Looking better than any other ARPGI've played and I've played most of them. To think it's still on pre-alpha is amazing to say the least.+Truly beautiful graphics, hopefully they add a lot more gore as development advances.+So many planned features like housing, multiplayer and crafting.+Character customization, the features are there just waiting on them to be implemented- The usual, lots of optimization and bug fixes needed, I mean running on max graphicsoptions, there we parts that slowed down all of a sudden and enemies not attacking.Basically this game is awesome, with tons of potential and supporting it now would be the right choice to make. I simply cannot wait for the final product, even though it might take a while. I hope the devs continue to improve this game zealously."
76561198236555546,Not Recommended,424370,28630946,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tankanidis,"Note this is a -No- for 'now'. Will update when it becomes a yes, which i hope happens in a few months.Way way way too early.You can tell me its an Alpha, you can tell me its Early Access,  but if you're charging me my money for the game, then it has to be at least playable and 'fun' at the moment.I recommend you buy it now, still, inspite of that, since it's on Xmas sale. But don't expect to get any real playtime on this for a few months+ at least.Game crashed on very high settings on a rig that handles such things easily in other games. Game ran choppy on high settings (without crash yay!) once i task managed to death the first crash (almost locked up my pc).Camera is way funky and i wish i could zoom out and bring it higher, i feel i miss half the stuff i want to see infront of me due to how it's positioned, even if i can spin it around.I want a button to make loot always visible, spamming left alt all day while friendly NPCS kill things off screen is annoying (as you'll have to run way out to check if there's any loot there)(#2nd - left alt won't highlight breakable objects, which is annoying as you'll have to run around swiping Urns and Jugs and Gravestones to see what breaks and gives gold)All the text boxes are tiny, hard to read anything the NPC's say or even click the loot that drops. Would love a way to make it x3/4 as it is currently for Quality of Life.I want this game to do well, but it's just not ready yet, and you're better off buying both this and Grim Dawn and playing that until this gets to where it needs to be."
76561198265554482,Recommended,424370,30466928,Posted: 12 March,all,Matthew,"I deleted my last review, which was negative.  It was fair for the time. Times change. And I am happy to report that this game is good now. With potential for being a grim dawn, or a diablo. I have to admit, I did not have faith that the developers could turn around the combat system. It felt a bit soft. There was no impact. And the constant stuttering of the performance made everything feel like a chore. Since then the stuttering has gone from constant to mild. Which has allowed me to immerse myself in the game.And the game itself has gone from a tech demo to a tech demo that's shaping up to being a great arpg. The weak points are also the things that have improved most recently. They just remain weak points. They are, the item system, the skill system, and the core gameplay. The item system now has tiers that correctly work, however the items don't have that crunchy uniqueness or variety yet. It feels like a very light template or 'demo' of an item system. A game like this makes or breaks with the random drops.The skills also come too fast, and the skill tree, while incredibly designed from a visual perspective, is the most umbalanced thing ever. Furthermore, they don't feel impactful, a few percent here or there. Each upgrade should feel bold, simple, and defined. A very clear upgrade without overpowering. These upgrades lack that game changing nature. Don't get me wrong, I love a lot of stats in my upgrades, i just want a clear personality to those upgrades based on the skill tree im following. And that personality feels more like a slightly variable spreadsheet than a specific build leading to a specific kind of character. Perhaps it leads to a specific kind of build, but not character. You see the personality is compramised when you keep throwing around incremental stats.Back to items, they need to have a personality too. Even blues. By all means add in premade interesting weapons for easter eggs and goal setting, just give us random drops that feel like a character unto themselves. 2% more strength and +13 agility is nice, but it's not something that we keep around. If you don't give the blues personality, you need to greatly expand the legendaries then. Either way we need to be aiming towards incredibly diverse builds. This ensures the long term appeal of the game, which is the reason why diablo 3 and grim dawn don't have a shelf end time.Items MAKE OR BREAK a game like this. If you have a choice between going for TOO MANY items with suffixes or TOO LITTLE, go too much, and balance out that in future patches. Overachieve rather than underachieve in this one area. Don't play it safe like vikings.Also, unique suffixes make or break a game like this. ""22% chance for enemies to catch fire for 8-22 (scaling up) damage during sunset and sunrise"" is a LOT more interesting than ""+8 strength, +2 agility, 1% armor reduction""That's what I mean by personality.Anyway, back to the gameplay. It feels good now. But there are issues. Firstly the impacts feel pretty good but the sounds are completly missing, you need to make these sounds crunchy. Also, when it comes to sounds you don't want weak little tinny sounds. You want CRUNCHY sounds. It's why diablo 3 works so well subconciously. Yes that's right - the sound design. Whenever you pick something up in diablo 3, there is a very addictive and interesting gold sound, a very satisfying hit sound, it's addictive and lends to weight. Enemy sounds in diablo 3 (and diablo 2 and 1) are also very immersive and crunchy. The gold sounds need improvement right now, and since a lot of other sounds are missing, i'll comment on those when you are done with them. If you are working with sound editing in the future, pay this post heed.Ok, graphically the game is great. The item icons are good, however they need to be a little more robust in their artistic flair. The visuals from shadows to lighting to options are all great. Demanding, but to be expected. My 970 generally runs 2560x1440 at 30-55fps at the highest settings. Mostly smooth via gsync. Just fix that residual engine stutter. It's not bad anymore, but it's still there to some degree. Art design is good.In terms of game world size, I feel like it could be a lot bigger. The seperate biomes are unique enough, but they lack size. I:t feels a bit too much like an amusement park with small varying locations. But there is no open world scope. And considering you level up so quick, neither of these are encouarging long term play. Slow everything down. Open up the world to sacred 2 sizes. (Really big map) and allow you to really feel like you're taking a journey. You guys are making strides for this, i see you adding new areas and fleshing out what in the space, however you're not expanding the space itself. I think spreading everything out would do wonders. Unless you want to make the game extremely tight story wise (like diablo 3). I think when you're running with an engine like this, a bit of both would go a long way. I think an open world is a safer bet with longterm players so long as you have item and progression incentive, and a scripted story will speak more to critics. Your choice. Open world is generally more enjoyable to me.Reducing the performance impact of combat is important, i see you did work on that. Keep tidying that up.  You seem to have retained the crunchy hitting effects without incurring a performance penalty. So many enemies can be on screen and it drops about 10%. Before it dropped about 60% due to a lot of real time lighting. Keep working on that percentage, getting it to about 5% would be ideal. Obviously this is pc dependent.Icons above peoples heads are not bold enough outside the minimap. Try and make things a little clearer on this front.Oh yeah, when an item that's rare drops, make it a big impact, perhaps set off a physics golden explosion, followed by a flash, followed by a ding type sound. Make things rewarding. Crunchy.Two elements that you should focus on in a simple format, items and crunchy.Good luck."
,Recommended,424370,32777588,Posted: 25 June,all,Malinari,"Very promising game. I bought it a year ago and I'm very happy with constant updates, improvement and great communication from the dev team.Game is finally in a state that it is fun to play (patch 0.5 made it!) but even before that I was always coming back to check whats new. Yes, it needs A LOT of work, but you can see it shaping up and thats why I recomend it.If you love games like Diablo, Sacred 1-2, Grim Dawn you will love Wolcen.Just remember it is a early access game, so if you are fine with bugs and missing story/features then get it and support this great dev team.I think it may be one of the most promising action RPGs in years!"
,Recommended,424370,30416514,Posted: 9 March,all,Davoodinator,"kind of dissapointed that they intend to be online only for multiplayer.  the question is - will offline mode even remain?for me. personally. I enjoy LAN gaming for these types of games.  I dont like to play with random people ""on the internet""If you are like me and don't enjoy MMO gameplay - this isn't for you.otherwise. separate from the multiplayer ""issues"".   the game looks really great and has some potential as a differentiator in the ARPG space with the rage system.  they just added passive skills and females were added not too long ago. its beginning to look like a game now.edit:2017 04 01seems I was mistaken. tehy are adding offline co-opok i recommend this game it will be excellent."
76561197985798077,Recommended,424370,32817623,Posted: 26 June,all,Bleedeagle,"Writing this review after trying out patch 0.5 which came with alot of improvments.Pros:1. Game has a very similiar feel and graphical style to Divinity - looks beautiful.2. Combat feels solid af. Every weapon has its own basic attack style which allow tactical decisions in building a mixed class.3. Animations pack a bunch and look great for the spells currently available4. Smaller scale same type progressive ""talent/passive"" tree like Path of Exile has.5. Has huge potential in its own genre -  Diablo / Torchlight / PoE w/e Hack and Slash and if developed with care i think this game could rank up high. - Do hope for good modding community here.6. Mixed builds - Even now you have the ability to build yourself to be Asassin wielding Axes or Ranger using elemental magic. The more passive skill trees they open up in the future the more epic and fun builds you can try.Cons:1. Has a long way to go for balancing. Assassin type build is weak, feels usless, dies against any rare mob and can't survive. / Whilelist mages and rangers kill enemies off screen in few hits and never receive hits if you don't exactly afk.2. Alot of small bugs and crashes that just suddenly pop up and tear down your progress.3. Graphically optimization isn't exactly bad but when mobs have effects on them and group up on you..be ready to stand still for 5 seconds and just die. ( i don't think this applies to PC MASTER RACE beefed up PC's)Overall i think with the pace its being developed right now its going to see bright future and would wholeheartedly suggest any Diablo or Grim Dawn type of a fan to pick this game up ( Sale or not - for 15$ this game still has more content than 1 new Diablo III necro class am i right? )"
76561198050743922,Recommended,424370,32814289,Posted: 26 June,all,Just1Mohr,"I'm going to recommend this even though it should be more reliable of a game than it currently is.One day you might be able to play for hours, another you might crash every 10 minutes. Things change drastically in Alpha and that can lead to unexpected circumstances.The reason I'm giving this my approval is because it's cheap enough (especially with the 25% summer sale) and promising enough to be worth it in the long run. Also, updates are frequent enough that you feel the devs are quite aware of the prevalent issues - probably fixing your most glaring session-killing bug(s).If you're not one to enjoy testing experimental features and having an impact on the development of your purchased product, then this probably isn't for you."
,Recommended,424370,32728230,Posted: 24 June,all,BumbaiShizzz,"Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem feels like Diablo 3 and Grim Dawn Merged into 1 game. First off, i really love these types of games , i just get lost in the story and the countless of mobs that tries to kill you, and even with the short amount of time i have spent in this one, i can already feel it's going to be a good game once it's all done; the graphics and the animations alone are pretty awesome; the mechanics is fine; the mobs are awesome and lastly the Skill tree is very wide (i think it's even bigger than Grim Dawn's? ).Now, do note that this game is a work in progress, there are alot of bugs and some of the AI are acting funny. the point and click system still needs some fixing to do and the whole item/Character UI needs more attention and there are times where there are some glitches in the environment where ive encountered that its just white and i can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there are times where the game crashes or just freezes. But you know what? despite all that, i say it's still pretty awesome and this game has alot of potential.if you have a lot of patience, trust me, go play it and just go with it.i just hope the devs make some badass music for it.9/10. for now."
76561198087748176,Recommended,424370,26653001,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sveten,Can't wait for a full release! The game is fun even in alpha. To me anyways. I would recommend getting this while it's still at $19.99 because the devs have stated it will go up in price upon release! This one is a gem!
76561198118504880,Recommended,424370,27953107,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KAKAKKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA®,So far I've found 2 bugs ingame.1. I can equip two 2H weapon without investing any passive point.2. I've managed to duplicate items ingame. Dunno how I did it but I saved some screenshot for game developer to review and fix.
76561198312844924,Recommended,424370,33970640,Posted: 2 August,all,SUB-ZERO,i like this gaame aloot // i think two handed weapon are sooooooo under power because its too slow and damage is do low // tech tree is soooo larg so you can never  reach to end of this tech tree by only 3 point each levellvl up after lvl 15 is veryy hard /// map is small to search // in last patch you guys made the game easier by shorting wayes its veryyyyyyyyy nice // good luck and keep up // <3
,Recommended,424370,34012082,Posted: 4 August,all,PoofToHell,"The interface coul be improved, controls are nice but I feel the camera movement weird. ^^Lots of potential."
,Recommended,424370,26162777,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Thrallord,A seriously beautiful action-RPG with fun mechanics. I believe this games potential is worth the support! Full review in the short gameplay video below!Wow! Thank you everyone for checking out the review and giving it the support! I truly appreciate it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnFwFqNpV3g
76561198091003541,Recommended,424370,32745346,Posted: 24 June,all,(Spec)PoohGunsOrHoney,A little bit buggy as expected since it s an Alpha. The gameplay is great. Graphic is so delicious to the eyes. Love every moment so far. Just waiting for them to optimize its better and add in bigger monster mobs like diablo
,Recommended,424370,26157585,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gaza,"It's not confidentialThis games got potentialA rushing, a rushing to the point... I really like what I see in this game. Definitely a bit unpolished because it's in alpha and all, but still very fun. I can see me sinking time into the game every night after work for the next few months."
,Recommended,424370,32656554,Posted: 22 June,all,TheMilitaryGamer,"i enjoy the game, exept that server errors made me regret buying this game.EDIT: turns out the game was in maintenance."
76561198015509798,Recommended,424370,34011349,Posted: 4 August,all,Vllth,Diablo 2017!
,Recommended,424370,33309245,Posted: 6 July,all,Baum,"Got this Gem for 15€ during the Steam Summer Sale and i have to say that it is already incredibly good, considering the alpha stage of the game.Im not gonna write too much in depth stuff about the game, because it will change constantly and remove/add certain features. But be assured, that you will already have a lot of fun playing the game, because of the really nice graphics, the fast paced and responsive combat and the already very big skill tree, which allows huge customisation in your combat style.Im looking forward to following updates and patches to the game and all the hopefully gread content that will follow!"
76561198082482647,Recommended,424370,33321542,Posted: 6 July,all,white lightning,"Everyone who is into ARPGs: Give it a try. Honetly. Do it. Sure its not the final product, but after a fairly long time of developement you can finally see where this game is trying to go. The game just hit v0.5d in alpha, so dont be to harsh. Devs doing a fantastic job here. Step by step Wolcen is turning into a real competetor to all the other ARPGs out there. Sure, doesn't have the depth in mechanics or story, but that's not what the devs are aiming for yet.Its about finding bugs and implenting core mechanics.Just take a small look at the huge overhaul update they shot out with 0.5 - god, heavy breathing ...."
76561198000392646,Recommended,424370,34022448,Posted: 4 August,all,[sh8 m8] uZu,Crash on necromancer 10% :(Otherwise looking forward for the finished game. So far so good!
76561197971729540,Recommended,424370,33535327,Posted: 14 July,all,Beast of Bones,Wolcen is going to be Epic when its done you wait and see ! you can tell these guys care about there work and are puting there hearts in to it.  Better yet buy it now help fund it and have a little fun in Alpha and which it grow in its Epicness.  just remember its ALPHA is in there working on it.
76561198394489877,Recommended,424370,34470985,Posted: 24 August,all,Beastly Member,"Not just another Diablo clone.Great graphics with the Crytek engine, solid gameplay with very good fighting that feels different with each weapon you use. The game presents a fair challenge and the skill system is very impressive with a wide range to choose from.Early access so lacking content but first impressions are that this could be a popular alternative for hardcore Diablo fans."
76561198052516235,Recommended,424370,34944392,Posted: 14 September,all,tsmonteiro,"I'm recommending this game because (a) it delivers exactly what it states in the EA box, (b) the devs are very forthcoming about development, features and bugs, (c) updates seem to come fairly often and (d) it is currently fun (given the normal EA trappings such as occasional crash, but I haven't had huge problem with this).That being said, although I would like to avoid the comparison, it currently feels to me as it is flying too close to Path of Exile for comfort. I have the feeling a fair number of skills and concepts closely resembles what is there (for free). There are a number of concepts that it does different though, and I do hope to see Wolcen standing more on its own.Also, take note of the timeframe of development. It has been in EA for over 1 year (they do say at least 1 years, which is really open ended) and its not nearly finished. If you like to play something closer to the final product, you might want to hold off buying for another year, year and a half."
76561198050199035,Recommended,424370,35408727,Posted: 2 October,all,Bashev,The core of the game is done and I really like what the devs achieved. Now they can easily focus on finishing and polishing the game.Visually the game is really astonishing.  I play on 980 sli and I have around 60-70 FPS on 3440x1440 resolution.I want to say that I really enjoy the game. The gameplay is amazing and I can easily spend 2 hours every night just killing mobs looking for loot.The game offer one of the best mele gameplays in all arpg games that I have played.If you want to back up a product that has a lot of potential this is the game for you.
,Recommended,424370,35480262,Posted: 4 October,all,Rola Takizawa,"This game really has potential I feel like it brought me back to diablo 2 moment.But for now this game is by  far incomplete it may playable but still need a lot more work into it , I'll keep looking forward to a better version of it.This is the lastest hope hack n slash with diablo feeling since grimdawn."
76561198084988036,Recommended,424370,34455039,Posted: 24 August,all,Koskov,This game is awesome! I'm having a blast.
76561198025660349,Recommended,424370,34432268,Posted: 23 August,all,JoeyClemenza,"I've had this EA for quite some time, and I've gotta say... they've come a long way. the game runs butter smooth, has a very intuitive combat system that you know and love, the skill trees are ridiculously deep and looks like an absolute dream. the minute detail to scenary is remarkable.overall, i'm having a lot ofun with it. been picking it up in bits and pieces over the year and a half i've owned it, but will be playing more and more now that it's refined itself in a very significant way. if you're a fan of torchlight and diablo 3, this is an easy get."
76561197970504586,Recommended,424370,35398787,Posted: 1 October,all,Lord Kreigan,Really shaping up to be a solid game.  Can't wait to see a final product.
,Recommended,424370,29227569,Posted: 13 January,all,Solidhero,"Supported this because i see the potential.This game lags on my GTX1080If you are coming from the perspective of wanting to enjoy the game, i think better to wait."
,Recommended,424370,22094469,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SØLUS²,SUCH A GREAT GAME!!!!!You see its in early alpha but the possibilities are so endless.Running is stable and some nice skills are there to smash the sh*t ot of the zombies.Textures are aso great but the lights are so stunning.I think later it'll become great as Diablo 3 for example.
76561198043243719,Recommended,424370,28090621,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ironwindsock,"What is here is great, i want a lot more of it."
76561198002940273,Recommended,424370,33289317,Posted: 5 July,all,Dreez,"OK.. first of, this is Early Access Alpha.With that out of the way.. yes bugs, instability etc etc is to be expected..  spoiled brats expecting a finished productcan turn elsewhere with their salty tears.This game is amazing..  The current graphical effects leaves AAA-games like Diablo3 in the dust, lightningstrikes makes zombies explode and sends bodyparts flying across the screen, firespells puts everything on fire.The most important thing in a game, is the ""just another level"" factor, and this game has plenty of it, just another level, just one more lootchest, just one more boss, just one more dungeon.. and then its 03:00 in the morning and the sun is shining through the window and you realize you should've really gone to bed 3 hours ago... but its so fun.Given the game is in such early state that not even act one is half-finished, but that doesn't matter... I WANT to play more, i WANT to grind that boss or i WANT to run a few more dungeons to find that item that'll bring my charater that much closer to godlike powers.The skilltree will remind you of Path of Exile.  It opens up for an enormous amount of possible builds, and on top of that, you can assign statpoints which gives the player even more option - and attributes actually matters.What you get for your 20£ when buying this game is pretty much barebones of what this game can be, but that's why i paid the money.. i liked the vision and the possibly awesome arpg that this game can be.Don't buy it because you want xx hours of gameplay out of it, buy it because you like what you see, and you want to see more of it.I wish i could say that every update is like Christmas, but its not.. because the devs actually keep the community constantly updated on issues and what is planned for the next update, so you'll pretty much always know what's inside that Xmas present when it arrives - just enjoy it.Would i recommend this game ?..  Hell yes, help the developers realize their vision.If you liked games like Grim Dawn, Path of Exile, Diablo 2..  then this is for you.If you like Diablo 3.. then this game is not for you - because this game gives the options back to the players how to build their characters."
76561197970891340,Recommended,424370,28696568,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Doppelganger,"I picked this game up during the Steam Winter Sale. It still needs a lot of work, but looks very promising so far.It reminds me of Diablo AND Path of Exile, but it looks a little better and your camera isn't way zoomed in. Also, you can move the camera around your character so you can see what's in every nook and cranny.Eager to see the finished product, could be a real gem here."
76561198167350294,Recommended,424370,31322314,Posted: 23 April,all,silly.lil.ginger,"From the start, I can say this game as a great deal of potential. Considering this game is being developed by a 13 person team, the product they've created thus far, is incredible to say the least.Yes it crashes a few times, maps don't always load and graphics take a few seconds to render. However, skip over these minor bugs, and you've got yourself one solid game (within its Alpha stage)I wasn't originally going to purchase this game, due to the $21.99 price tag. I'm very grateful that I did splurge, and purchase it anyways. The development team is very good with their updates. I expect great and beautiful things from them.Check out my screenshots to see what I mean! The landscape of this game is gorgeous. With the constant movement of the vegetation and water, the dynamic feel to this game is very welcoming.Keep up the amazing work, and please keep this game going!Oh! And if you do purchase this game, you must be okay with server wipes and whatnot. Due to the early stages of the game, It's to be expected! However, don't fret. The game will keep you hooked, I promise you that."
76561197971352103,Recommended,424370,32730865,Posted: 24 June,all,Vendetta,"As a veteran ARPG gamer, as all the guys here writing reviews, I have to admit that although its still in development the game has a very solid base ARPG elements! I won't be long and i will bullet analyze it further.Note that is VERY IMPORTANT thing to support this company because for now (at least) looks like the really love what they are doing and they are willing to work hard to provide a top class title!!The Good:* Solid Gameplay* Amazing atmosphere* Cool Items* Nice skill Tree* Good overall graphics performance* Developers announced twice a month updates (!!)The Bad (things to be taken in consideration):* Need smoother fps* The animations need to be more ground solid to give more the hit effect feeling - especially the skill animation (the feel too fast and you can't actually understand what your hero does (and this is very important).* More character creation options* Skill tree is good but its still pretty standard builds to do.Even in alpha the game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,424370,26190779,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,=USA= United States of Albania,"Great game, improving with each revision."
76561198048692558,Recommended,424370,26138035,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,snacktrayz,"Very choppy for me,gtx960, 16gb ram, quad core 3.0ghz.so far a no go for me, to choppy to play. other than that it looks like a pretty good game."
76561198007194318,Recommended,424370,26140796,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ko_squad,Awesome
,Recommended,424370,26425040,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sun Born,"I had to write this review after I found out you can rotate the skill tree rings, it made me insanely happy. Skills are assorted into webs (like PoE) assorted into 5 ""classess"" on a ring. With minor and major traits that you follow a path to unlock. After a path of skills in the first ring is unlocked, you can proceed to the second ring...which has another 5 distinct classess with over a dozen traits/perks, both minor and major. And so far there looks to be four rings, effectively making countless paths, seemingly accomadating to very min/maxing playstyles that focus on a specific attribute or ""gimmick"", which I love. This is skill customization done right.This game has a long road ahead of it and I haven't played much but, it's going down the right one from what I've seen. More polish, content and customization and it could very well put all other ARPGs to shame."
,Recommended,424370,24579964,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,jrtlaktalk,"Ok look, lets just be clear about this, I dont normally do this buuut.... I am recommending this game solely because of potential and not because of:Rubbish performanceRubbish optimizationExceptional glitches.  When I say exceptional, I mean exceptional, for instance: my character blatantly refuses to do anything I tell him to do.  I click on a spot, and what does he do?  He goes absolutely berserk.  He runs into the opposite direction untill he gets stuck behind an object.  He is then quite content in doing a crazy little dance in that spot until I manage to glitch him back out.  Tho, this only happened after the latest patch, prior to that he was seminally obedient despite the rubberbanding because of performance / optimization (seeing as I can run Witcher 3 just fine, it cant entirelly be my pc).In any event, the game has potential.  I honestly think the game came out of the door a bit too quickly, esp considering the fact that it uses the cryengine, but I get the practical aspects of needing the funds.... so there we go."
,Recommended,424370,26209191,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,BrutalShellfish,This is the ARPG we have all been waiting for. I am very excited to see where the devs go with it.
,Recommended,424370,28302261,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MojoProJoe,"Where are we supposed to actually report bugs? I've been to the community bug discussion board, but all most people seem able to do is vote on other suggestions. When I bought this as an early access alpha, I admit to an expectation that I would be able to report bugs as a form of assistance in improving the game, which to date I've found impressive. There are problems, which is to be expected in an alpha, and I'd like to discuss them, as I've stated, but I've yet to find a forum to do so beyond leaving a review. In the hope that this gets seen by somebody, I'll point out a flaw that I've noticed. The burning debuff that is the result of tangling with flaming enemies persists until death. To counteract that, you can either take the talent in Warden that has a chance of clearing a random status effect every 1 second, or you can return to town and visit the healer. I've done both and they both result in the ticking damage of the of the fire debuff (though the tooltip has disappeared) increasing tenfold, also persisting until death, which is never long in coming. If I had to pick, I'd choose that as the most gamebreaking bug I've encountered thus far."
76561198003617799,Recommended,424370,28278392,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Baroness,":: Update 6 Months Later ::Having played on and off for 6 months, I am compelled to update my review.  The developers frequently update as they promised (about twice a month) and the game grows with each update.  The quest system has been implemented and though only a few quests, they are long and fun.  The spell/skill system is far more in depth with some great levels of customisation.I have to mention that the game visuals, particularly the fx are fantastic - chain lightning bounces around groups of enemies, catching them on fire, exploding in water.New enemies are added frequently and I feel this game still has the makings to be one of the best dungeon crawlers.For twenty bucks (or less in Steam sale) I can confidently recommend Wolcen.  I feel this game has plenty of potential.Though I too work in the game industry (and have for over 22 years) I am in no way affliated with the studio, I am just a fan of the genre and Wolcen shows extreme promise.Original Review:Early game with limited features so far but plays extremely well with satisfying combat.  Feels very Diablo/Titan Quest/Grim Dawn but with improved visuals and promising new features.  Please understand this game is in Alpha, so will not be a complete experience.  I have to say I am really looking forward to following and playing this game as it develops toward a full product.  Good job, devs."
,Recommended,424370,34117280,Posted: 8 August,all,-----......,Great game from what ive played cant wait to see how it progresses and the co-op update will do wonders
,Recommended,424370,34903322,Posted: 12 September,all,barrozolucian,"Still needs a lot of work, but it's great. Cant wait for the final version."
,Recommended,424370,34926644,Posted: 13 September,all,-=deniska1999=-,The game is in a very early phase....still very good :DD
,Recommended,424370,35145427,Posted: 22 September,all,zerofynite,"Looks, sounds and plays amazing for an Alpha Early Access. Feels very next gen. Can't wait to see this game get fully developed!"
,Recommended,424370,34699496,Posted: 2 September,all,jskyn,"Bought to support the developers. Played for 15 minutes just to see what they had so far. It looks great, performance seemed excellent on my box, and attacks were fluid and felt like they had weight. Really looking forward to see where the developers take the title. I will let it sit for now and check it again in a few months."
76561198007363210,Recommended,424370,30954081,Posted: 4 April,all,Uncle Magic,It's very rough.  But it'll be great if they follow through on what they're planning.
76561198121827012,Recommended,424370,34679005,Posted: 2 September,all,Nosferatus,This is an amazing game so far!!!
76561197971816029,Recommended,424370,34798931,Posted: 7 September,all,Huftsk,"Its hard to choose what to say after testing this game out for a cuple of hours. Because I'm not going to play anymore before more patching and polishing. On the other hand I'm not sorry to spend the cash supporting this fab potensial.I chose to say only a few things.First of all. I usually like ranged playstyle, and by all means realistic gameplay if possible. But as many other rev here state:  remove the solid NPC factor. NPC's run ahead in melee and block all your shots. Never choose realism over playability I say. Just a note for the devs.Game has a lot of potensial in its finished state. So go try it and support the game in development.I choose to recommend this game because of what it can become........"
76561197983301475,Recommended,424370,34872957,Posted: 10 September,all,RabidUrko,"Awesome hack n slash/spellcasting RPG, slick combat with great graphics, story and music/sound.UI is easy to use."
76561198091724413,Recommended,424370,23930492,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gunderson III,"this is the first review i have ever left, this game has a lot of potential, basically diablo 2k, is great, expect a lot of bugs as it is in very early alpha. hope to see more content soon."
76561198170215362,Recommended,424370,33385163,Posted: 8 July,all,Kindorox,It's a great game if they work on it more it would become a great game with great mechanics.
76561198032428884,Recommended,424370,25084863,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Saitama (sake343),"I am very impressed with how great this game, this EARLY in development. I knew before purchasing that this is very early Alpha and I expected bugs as well as missing content. What is here in the game, playable really shows their vision for whats to come and I think this game is going to be as great as Diablo 1 (when it came out).I have not felt that ""wow..."" factor from a game in a very long time. Only a few games have ever really done that for me, Diablo 1, Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim, Witcher 3 and a few others.If you decide to buy this game, just know it's in Alpha testing (I do not think they are even close to Beta). Developers are very transparent and updates are 1-2 times a month.If you loved Diablo 1-3 and others like it, you will love this game. This is the most happy I've been to support a developer."
76561198104337278,Recommended,424370,22133864,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,davisp72,For being early access its very beautiful. I had a grim dawn key and it was more polished to start but give this game time and i'm sure it will be awesome. I cant wait for the updates!!! great job so far!!!
,Recommended,424370,26123344,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Wolfbeast,"(alpha 0.3.0)Most definitely an alpha, but the basics are there for an engaging and promising ARPG title!Controls are a bit clunky and loading times definitely need to be worked on, but the basic gameplay feels proper and intuitive so far. Graphics are nice although lighting could be improved (many areas are quite dark that I walked through).Great start! Now fingers crossed it will only get larger and better :)Cannot give a recommendation yet; the game needs a lot of maturing to form a real verdict."
76561198117128978,Recommended,424370,34765617,Posted: 5 September,all,Weapon2x2,"Woo! babyy, The gameplay is amazingggg."
76561197986715309,Recommended,424370,30917064,Posted: 2 April,all,Xlranzer,"Great ARPG! No doubt it is only early development, I am falling in love with the game already. I am loving the melee aspect of the game, dual dagger speed assassin, dual 2 handed big mace whirlwind build, and almost perma charging sin.Yes I love the daily dungeon as well, not too sure the frequency of change, but i realise after sometime the map change randomly for player to compete on best timing.All in all i hope to see more skills coming out and if possible just add in adhoc pvp just like D2 will be good. forget abt arena or pvp room!"
76561198154355650,Recommended,424370,25975949,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cujo,"Needs work, but is promising.  Kind of like Grim Dawn for its Zombies, and POE for its upgradable skills that are found as little floating books.  Pretty game nonetheless.Keep the updates and improvements or I'll change my review to negative.  You got my vote your on the right track at the moment."
,Recommended,424370,26278163,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,space guy,A great game for anyone who likes Diablo 3 or Path of Exile. I'm very excited to see what this game becomes as it's developed.
76561198008501262,Recommended,424370,22300295,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SheerTorcher,"As of this writing, Wolcen has just been released in Alpha. Basic functions, like merchanting, item identification and player item storage, are not yet online. That said, I gave it a go anyway, and I was very pleased. If this is alpha, we have a lot to look forward to.This game initially seems like an original diablo knock off, albeit a very nice one. It has crisp graphics, smooth motion, well rendered settings. Voices for the characters are not yet in game, and the quests only advance so far, but in short, if you've played diablo you will quickly grasp the basics of this game and want to explore.Where the game really shines is when you start advancing in levels and power. Gone are the restrictive and often irritating talent trees of diablo. You and your abilities level independently. What does this mean? Let's say you find a spell book for lightning bolt, and you find the spell useful. You cast the spell a lot, and all of the sudden ""ding!"" you get a skill point to spend in that spell, without your character itself needing to level. Likewise, your character can level from simply smashing things with your weapon attack (giving you attribute points to spend), but if you didn't use any powers to kill, the spells will not level when your character does.This quickly leads to very individualized characters. You can't start levelling a spell until you learn if from a book, which constrains the abilities you can initially use. But once you learn it, you can level it on your own. This means each character becomes a mishmash of what spells you find first, and the strengths your playstyle develops in that character.Since, as of this writing, the overall story arc does not advance, the game started to go a little stale after a few hours: kill, loot, repeat. But imagining a future of this game, with classless characters and maybe PvP, makes me more excited for this game than I was for Diablo 3. Let's hope the designers stay on their current vector and get the resources to finish this project!"
,Recommended,424370,22031603,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Systems Admin,"I've been following the game for a few years now and am very excited about the release to EA!While there are some very glaring issues (Ea after all..) it's still playable. The devs have stated they will be pushing updates atleast twice a month from here on out so that's a major plus.Want to state one thing first. The game looks fantastic but optimation seems very poor. It's maybe 30-40% as fluid as the gameplay videos show, this i coming from an i7 4990k, gtx 980. I wholeheartidily believe the devs will step in and fix these issues. It's a true down to earth early access game. That said, buy the game to support the development of the game and to help push the genre forward. If you're looking for a fully fleshed out game with perfect optimation then wait, but i would still think it's worth it to buy and wait further the development. Look at ark, that games couldn't be ran past 10-15 fps regardless of the computer at first release and it took very many months to start breaking it towards being playable.Performance wise, there are definitely issues. Wonky movements, slow loading, awkward transitions between zones. to name a few. Most of the animations feel like placeholders which they did state there are quite a few out there. Guess i didn't expect this many. Skill tree isn't fully implemented quite yet (Maybe like 20% or so is?)However, speaking strictly in an ARPG sense; this game feels very unique. It gives off a very old school D2 vibe with the atmosphere while brining it quite a few quality of life improvements into the genre. Between the skill leveling, acquisition, skill comboing with your weapons it feels very nice. Also, personal stat allocation!"
,Recommended,424370,22053033,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Househerr,"pre-alpha and buggy, but looks fantasitc, like a love child between PoE and D3Sadly it crashes way too often on my Machine at the current state, but the developers are busy fixing things even on Easter Holidays. Thumbs UP!"
76561198020429630,Recommended,424370,32674756,Posted: 23 June,all,35sm,Not bad.Feels so PoE-like.
,Recommended,424370,30423876,Posted: 10 March,all,SyntexToxy,"Graphics in a hack and slash that are truly amazing and up to date. Mostly familiar gameplay elements nostalgic towards games like Diablo 3. A skill tree similar to poe that is constantly developed and world on to have its own uniqueness. Fun to use skills with new ones coming. Skills that can be customised on how they work. Being its still early alpha, yes, there are bugs glitches and crashes, but overall its a smooth ride, a smooth and enjoyable ride that means me excited for every upcoming update."
76561198018427962,Recommended,424370,29968576,Posted: 16 February,all,Orety6,"Promise of a solid open world Diablo- clone, but with better graphics and interesting gameplay system."
76561198011175116,Recommended,424370,29976320,Posted: 16 February,all,wanderingfish,"This game is still in development, but so far this game is really fun!"
76561198010349664,Recommended,424370,26090523,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Volki,"Have played little, the game is quite early in development, but i am hopeful.I mostly bought it to support it as i love the genre and there are too few good ARPG's.I'll leave a good review for now for the same reason."
,Recommended,424370,26125217,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,I See Starz,"You Have my support, I love the direction this game is headed and very excited"
76561198138209160,Recommended,424370,26129995,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kokokko456,"Excellent Graphics at the aspect of environment. However, the presentation on human beings or any moving subjects in the game are not so good when compared with the grahpics of the environment.Also, the control of the character is not so friendly, espectially for the mouse control. I found that the system is hard to defind whether player wants to attack or move along while the left click button was keep on pressed. This is  in certain extend brings native affect for the game play experience.Finally, there is also lack of differences and varitities among different districts on the map. All enemies are the same on the map and districts. Which results in no significant to explore the ""world"" because players can not find no new elements when they keep on exploring.Add oil, I am very excited and looking foward for development of the game."
76561198095082924,Recommended,424370,23462305,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,insomnimania,"Before I start, it has already been well established  how Alpha this game is, but let me re-emphasize that - THIS GAME IS VERY ALPHA in that it's almost impossible to complete a quest without crashes, freezes or some strange glitch getting in the way. For instance, I keep trying to fight a monster of some sort and I just randomly freeze while the mobs just whittle away at my health as I'm clicking away with nothing happening, causing me to die and respawn at home. Putting that aside, as I somewhat knew what I was getting into by purchasing an alpha game, this game also needs more emphasis on the rpg side of arpg. I'm hoping this is being addressed, as it is a tad on the boring side. I see no punishment at all for death, no real stat implementation, same-ish enemies, same-ish loot and drops that don't feel special at all. Again, I'm hoping this is being addressed and can't really write an honest criticism of what might or might not be addressed, I can only criticize what is currently here/not here, and there just isn't much game here YET. I still have high hopes for this game as the look is just astoundingly good.  Right now though, that's really all that's there. So, I would say that I do have fun playing this game now from time to time, and am happy to support an indie game of this type that does have promise, it's really hard for me to recommend at this point unless you're like me and just can't wait for this to be properly implemented...IF it is. *fingers crossed*  So at this point I'm not really giving a thumbs up or a thumbs down....it's somewhere in the middle, but hopeful of something great. $20? Meh....Maybe.  Depnds on if you're a gambling man or woman. Now...back to Grim Dawn!"
,Recommended,424370,22327765,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MrBalls,A great addition to the Arpg collectons everywhere. Titan Quest feel + modern Cry Engine 3.. great match.
76561198019909310,Recommended,424370,22104819,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,LFurtado,If you like ARPGs support this game!
76561197971073652,Not Recommended,424370,34655741,Posted: 1 September,all,Hybelkaninen,"This is an alpha preview so itmaychange depending on how the development goes.What I liked:- Nice graphics and effects.Looks very nice with a highly detailed world.Elemental effects like fire, lightning and ice are very good.What I didn't like:- Sluggish movement.Movement speed is OK, but it feels like my character is trudging through mud every time I start moving. Hard to explain but it feels like ""laggy"" movement.Moving around feels less ""responsive"" than i.e. Torchlight 2 and the Diablo games.- Collision detection on friendly NPC's blocking your path in narrow places and combat.Collision detection on mobs are OK as it fills up your panic meter when surrounded, but friendly NPC's with derpy AI who loves getting in your way ? No thanks.- Convoluted resource system with an imbalance between melee, ranged and caster weapons with different factors that consume/generate/steal etc. your Umbra and Rage.Your standard weapon attacks with melee and crossbow will spend Umbra and build Rage, then you use a special attack which spends Rage.As a caster you spend Umbra on spells but your staff cannot use Rage skills, so you are stuck spamming your staff ranged attacks...and depending on the staff you use, it ranges from good to frustrating.In my opinion I rank the staffs as follows:1: Lightning staff.Projectiles are fast and almost always go where your mouse is pointing.The best choice for a stable DPS and against fast moving enemies like Ghouls and Warlocks.It's even my top choice against enemies with Lightning resist, just because of the reliability of the projectiles hitting it's target.2: Frost staff.Frost staff have medium/fast moving projectiles along the ground which spreads out the longer they travel, making it unreliable at long range and really good at point blank...which kinda beats the purpose of a ranged weapon.One of the main strenghts of the Frost staff is it's ability to freeze and slow enemies.It's main weakness is narrow places, corridors etc.The icicles spreads out and hits the walls instead of enemies.3: Umbra staff.Medium speed projectiles spending a little too much time swirling around (not as bad as the Fire staff) before hitting it's target.4: Fire staff.Last and least impressive.Medium speed projectiles that spend too much time swirling around randomly on the screen before hitting it's target..This adds to the ""chaotic"" nature of fire and the effects are awesome...but mechanical wise, not so good.To me the Fire staff was a test of patience as even trash mobs took time to kill because of the projectile's wonky ""behaviour"".- Passive skills in a ""skill tree"" of similar vein of (but not as huge and messy as) ""Path of Exile"", putting points into skill nodes you don't want/need just to get what you're after.The passive skills looks very interesting but being forced down a path picking skills I'm never going to use just rubs me the wrong way.- Resource hog even for an early access game.Wonky performance and lots of crashes...always to be expected this early in development, but the frequency of it has been very annoying .Last time I checked the RAM usage...Wolcen was eating up 4.6 GB of my RAM.I also find it weird that the highest settings leave me at 25-30 FPS and lowest gives me 30-35 FPS.I love ARPG's and Wolcen have been lots of fun with burning, frying smacking, whacking and brutally smashing stuff......BUT...I feel the game still have a very long way to go before I can really recommend it."
76561198043299317,Recommended,424370,22024371,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,sweet_lolin,"Please, Devs team of Wolcen, learn something from <Grim dawn>,learn why they get IGN 8.7 points and steam 94% positive reviews, learn what a ARPG fan really want. If you really learned something, then you would not bring such a buggy, laggy early access edition to us.Today I will make a positive review for you because I want you to keep up working on this game, I see potential in this game, but I stop playing this game because there are too many crashes, I will play this game again every two months, I hope your game will get better.Cya, it`s time for me to come back to  grim dawn"
,Recommended,424370,22067615,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Padraig,leveled up. got 1 skill point. used it. bug got me 10k skill points.11/10not enough skills to use my points on
76561197990250791,Recommended,424370,22033697,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,pwntree,I'm really impressed with this game so far. It looks really good and I think it has a lot of potential.  I'm excited to see how this game develops over time.  It seems like the developers have a good vision and interested in staying involved with the community.  I am especially excited for multi-player.
,Recommended,424370,22066406,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,2bitsolutions,Game has a lot of promise and looks visually appealing. Would love to know how they got the preview videos to look so smooth because while playing the game graphics seems a bit glitchy.I will be waiting until the full release to play again. Hopefully has a bit more compelling story as well but all-in-all I was very impressed with the beta!
76561197961140460,Recommended,424370,22064393,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Nighthawk46,This review will be  for both avrage buyers and testers alike.  At this point if your a person who buys games just to play them I don't remommend you buy this game as it is still in Alpha and has alot of bugs to be worked out. The game has allot of potential to do allot of great things but if your an verage buyer and don't really care to test and help the developers out in testing the game then I recommend you hold off on a purchase. How ever if you are looking to test the game and give feedback to the devs looking for somthing interesting to play some good eye candy and have patience enough to deal with  the game crashing as it is in alpha I cannot stress that enough  then this might be a good choice for you
76561198100537327,Recommended,424370,31593619,Posted: 6 May,all,Imniscor,"##### REVIEW UPDATE ######NEW SCORE 9/10 FOR AN ALPHA just because it lacks multiplayer yet.This game is so awesome! It's also so hard when you get higher level!The graphics are so awesome!There is collision!!! And it's a good thing when monsters surround you and you have to fight your way out through them!I've been roaming and man.....I can't put to words how I am amazed with the game.############################If you like to roam, killing everything in your way, buy the game.### REMINDER : ALPHA STAGE ###The game is incomplete and you can see it by the eventual crashes, performance optimization that still needs fine tuning, story line, maps...Still, the world is pretty decent for an Alpha and satisfies my roaming desires.The game is beautiful and looks awesome now, imagine when it's ready.Being able to make the class I want is a plus.Hint : learn the resource mechanics.8/10 for an Alpha."
76561198146009840,Recommended,424370,26671096,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mayang517,I have high expectation for this game. So far it's looking good. I think it's going to be better than Diablo 3 or Grim Dawn.
76561198065863794,Recommended,424370,31709487,Posted: 12 May,all,baalus304,"Hi,I am buying this game this game a few days ago and I think it's a little bit too expensive for this stage of release, but I don't regret buy it, because it has big potential to get a great game.The idea of this kind of skilltree is totally great, the graphics is very nice had I hope to find a game that I can play as much hours as Diablo III, Torchlight or GrimDawn.For the moment the Wizard (with Fire skills ) is a little bit overpowerded, but its alpha thats ok.I will continue supporting and playing this game."
76561197972093794,Recommended,424370,25049442,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,rbances,"Early Access, great start, looking forwrad to final product. So far, a very promising game which I did not hesitate to support. They areconsistant with updates and feedback response. Great team!Excellent choice of game emgine. Looks incredible even on a gaming laptop."
,Recommended,424370,32840985,Posted: 26 June,all,Ramshead,I like it a lot!  Can't wait for the minor kinks and multi-player to be worked out for the full release.  Keep up the good work.
76561198010024554,Recommended,424370,30184262,Posted: 25 February,all,Welcome to LP,This is a great game. I am refunding it for now. But I will get it when it's in a full release.
76561198263903588,Recommended,424370,25061061,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,NipaHut,"HI game developer! i want to include some of the things that may improve the game. I am an rpg-fan especially like diablo-like games. i spend few hours playing your this game and guess what, i love it! but before that, i do have concerns about some of things that needs improvement. My following suggestions are:-put some animation or more art in the beginning/ start menu-when starting the game, loading the game takes too much time-when starting/ eexiting the game, please include picture/art in loading screen. It just show the title of the game and its kindda boring.-SOUNDS! the game is great but it lacks of sounds. theres alot in the game that needed sounds like:*when going back home, pressing T, it has no sounds*some of the skills has no sounds, like for real, i need to hear that sound cuz it is part of the hype while playing it*please include sounds when the character has retrieve an healing orb like the health/umbra or mana/ and the additional speed orb. it needs sound.*please include a sound when there is a loot drop or item drop specially in money.*let the characters speak, the main character and to every people speccially to those who will give missions or dialogues*please please please PLEASE include a sound when mosters are attacking me, there is one time when im looking at the skill page, i died suddenly because a monster kept on slapping me. please include sounds to it so i will be aware on whats happening.*put a sound in every menu. ex. when i click the graphic seeting. put sounds in every menu.*needs sounds in equipping/unequipping item*needs sounds when dropping item*needs sounds when buying/selling items*bows needs sounds.*sounds are needed according to weather. ex. rain*put sounds when it will be morning. like the sound that the rooster make when its morning*put sounds when an enemy dies-there are lots of bug:/some skills are not working properly. when im doing a skill, the character do the animation and my umbra are being used but im not hitting anyone/some skills are slightly lagging, soemtimes it does not finish its animation/sometimes capes go crazy./sometimes items/weapons/armour does not appear/names are sometimes messed up. ex. @ui_bone_blade-please include lots of mission even side missions like bounty/dungeon/rescue-please include party-please include pvp-please change the dropped items, instead of light, put its real appearance in the ground and please dont let the item's name to vanished, we need it when looting.- please increase the drop rate of rare items. there are too many normal items, it is hard to grow strong with only normanl items eqquipped-please include socketing in items-please include stash-need more art in active/passive skill page speccially the backgound. and put some connections to make it like a skill tree-please add more space in the inventory. it gets filled up easily-we need more monsters. spawn as many as possible. thats what im looking for. can you please make the monsters bigger.-please put a skip button in dialogues. or when i press 'next' in dialogue rapidly, please let it respond cuz it does not want what i want to do. it makes me wait till i can press 'next' again-expand the world, put some dimensions or just expand it very very very wide.-please allow controllers to play the game. im looking forward to this-PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE INCLUDE SHATTERING BLOODS AS MANY AS POSSIBLE. i love seeing bloods being shattered when it comes to arpg-please include weapons like wand/staff/big claws/big mechanical hands/guns.-Please include wings-PLEASE ALSO INCLUDE PETS!!!These are my suggestions for the game. Please notice it and i hope my suggestions will help for the improvement of the game. I hope my ideas will help you guys for the future of this game and im happy to participate in early access and te improvement. Im looking forward seeing the full game and its improvements in the future. I lOve your game. Please stay in touch for the updates of my suggestions. Goodluck*****UPDATE******-1-while i was playing awhile ago. the game crashed and said ""cryengine sdk stopped working""-when skill leveled up, i can not feel the improvements. in my skill. i spend it all in utility to reduce the used of umbra but nothing really happens. even when spending my skill pionts in power, it doesnt make any improvements"
76561198044572373,Recommended,424370,33689375,Posted: 20 July,all,Rune,"let me just get this out of the way by saying i understand this is early access and in the alpha stages of development and that i also understand that making games like this is very expensive however you are charging someone 20$ to play what is a seemingly unforgiving buggy mess of a game and you ought to rethink that perhaps by releasing the game in stable chunks and doing your best to wall off the immersive breaking weirdness as best you can again this is due to its early development stage BUT if the problems got sorted and there were a good dialogue system to speak to npcs and learn more about the world we're placed in i would absolutely LOVE it because it feels as though its trying to combine various elements of other games i absolutely love and have played quite a bit games like diablo, path of exile and Dark souls the ""You died"" screen in red very familiar letters leads me to believe this is a small subtle nod to the souls series and for that reason alone the Wolcen studios team have my respect and i would love to see mod support for this game neither diablo nor path of exile do that very little if at all and with the help of the community that may come from this the game could grow exponentially."
76561198050129427,Recommended,424370,23935714,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,OGERSBANE,good start at a game I am verry intrested in seeing the final product.
76561198026772512,Recommended,424370,33032800,Posted: 30 June,all,sinfulboy1088,Not a bad game
,Recommended,424370,22382974,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Leorga,"I have never bought an early access before and this is the one I broke my rule on.  While what I've played is fairly limited, it feels like what Diablo 3 SHOULD have been.  Takes me back to the days of D2 when I would spend endless hours playing.  While being in alpha, it has audio issues, geometry is a little wonkey, and the quest options are held to a minumum.  I look forward to when this game is finished and we can see it's full potential."
76561198236124104,Recommended,424370,23978093,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,darkness,very very cool game too many bugs but its early access and if they do it right its gonna be 1 of the best game ever but plzzzz fix the fps problem
,Recommended,424370,28521749,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Conjure Phantasm,Game seems solid but it seriously runs like crap on my gtx 760. Lowest settings and I still can barely maintain 40 fps.
76561198014151713,Recommended,424370,25094276,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Pancho,"Looking promising :)I'm a big fan of ARPGs, I played them all. I can say that in its current state, the game crashes a lot, even for an alpha.However, It looks extremely beautiful, by FAR the best looking ARPG on the market right now. The combat feels satisfying, the customization is okay (hope there's gonna be a lot more, that's what people love about those games) and the general ambiance is great.This game, once polished and completed, will be one hell of an ARPG."
,Recommended,424370,28535727,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,tekone1982,"Very much enjoying the game!A few things I have noticed when playing it. The talent tree needs some re-wording on the tool tips to become more understandable. Add a damage range on ability tool tips. Possibly rework the paths for talent tree? I noticed when making arcanist build you get down toward the end and BOOM, you are rerouted toward a seemingly ranged dexterity build? doesnt make alot of sense to me. Sometimes when I press space to roll the toon kinda stutter runs. I am enjoying it and it looks very nice. I love the fact that each wpn type has its own attack pattern."
76561198068002611,Recommended,424370,29456790,Posted: 23 January,all,senormom1,"This game is awesome already.  Think Path of Exile, Diablo or Grim Dawn. The game is still very early but is quite playable. A certain ""lord british"" should take notes from this game ...Wolcen has a bright future ahead if the developers continue down the path they are on."
76561198060658496,Recommended,424370,32961036,Posted: 28 June,all,twitch.tv/Braxillian,Great work by the devs so far. This last patch added so much and made the game feel much better. I like where they are going and so far it has been good progress.
,Recommended,424370,33471562,Posted: 11 July,all,Breacher,"10 minutes in and I am blown away. This game has the potential to be the next Diablo. Get the itemization right, add multiplater and you will have a classic.Absolutely endorsed and looking forward to spending lots of time playing it."
,Recommended,424370,26122316,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zzonic,"A lot of work to be done, the graphics, sounds are amazing though. Hopefully this is going to be a good game. We'll see."
76561198071965366,Recommended,424370,26143461,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,StarTropics,"Wolcen is going to be really good I think. But I would suggest that unless you intend to help the development of this game you wait until it is fully released.The graphics are really nice for this genre. The movement, weapon swinging, hit detection are all good. But there are lots of environmental bugs, poor NPC behaviour, place holder sounds and graphics still in place that really spoil the immersive experience.I only played for about 15 minutes cause I didn't want to spoil anything. Also by that point I had seen enough bugs to know I was going to wait until release to play it through.Try this game out just keep in mind there is lots to fix before It can be called a finished game."
76561198004853338,Recommended,424370,26122923,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Perez,"So far so good but I tried to raise the graphics to the highest option and it froze the game, reset my computer's resolution settings and disabled my audio. I know it's still EA but I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ that was about."
76561198346628436,Recommended,424370,27373610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,habbibbi11,"awsome gameeeeeeee, just fix the lag a little so we can actually try it more!:D thanks!!"
,Recommended,424370,23522433,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,dukefx,This game is def. heading in the right direction and could potentially become what D3 should have been.
76561198027893754,Recommended,424370,25703658,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,GiggleHz,"Im not a big a reviewer and at the time of this review i dont have a lot of time sunk into it BUT let me tell you...Some games you can immediately tell, yes i like this. This game is one of those. Its good, its very good.There are a lot of games like this and the vast majority of them are so meh, this game is not one of them. Looks great, the skills are fun, the only bad thing is...Its still in early access and i kinda sort of hate early access.Well worth the 20$"
,Recommended,424370,30533445,Posted: 15 March,all,Baron Von'Badass,10/10 for potential this game could be the next big thing i would not suggest falling in love just yet tho as characters are wiped during updatesand i really wish the WASD keys were the move set not simply the mouseother than that i wait with great anticipation for permanent character slots i will be playing a lot more then!!!
,Recommended,424370,33224791,Posted: 4 July,all,Tjuhl,"Review based on initial impressions, after ~4 hours of gameplay (!!!)GOOD+ graphics, lightning, visual execution, presentation+ combat feels visceral in regards to animations, sound effects, and visual effects+ lots of potential for a great ARPGCAN BE IMPROVED- initial / tutorial dungeon drops no loot from monsters- initial / tutorial dungeon doesn't grant experience when killing monsters- balancing-- small monsters take only 1-2 units, not justifying use of abilities-- minibosses / bosses take too long to kill- skill / ability system-- add mouse-over texts to all buttons (what is this button left of the health globe?)- character perks (wheel of ...)-- I'd prefer less, but more meaningful options that truly define the player's choices in regards to playstyle-- this would / could also increase the meaningfulness of ""spinning the wheel"" for mixed character builds-- lots of options where the effect is or feels marginal (slight stat increases, small bonuses, etc.)- level design-- monster types are oftentimes clumped, e.g. only zombies, only spiders, ...-- I think they should be more varied to make player choices on what do dispose of 1st more meaningful / tactical-- I have encountered multiple occasions where the player's travel path could be more streamlined (e.g. way down from 1st village to 1st quest area is a rather long walk with no player vs monster interactions)- inventory management-- inventory tetris is pretty annoying as the item you place another item on is not put onto your mouse cursor-- auto-sort would be neat-- ""drop all items of quality X Y Z"" would be neat"
,Recommended,424370,30629841,Posted: 19 March,all,FILTHÖUND,"I have very high hopes for this game. Can't wait for it to be somewhat close to being done! For fans of Diablo 2, Diablo 3, Grim Dawn, Path of exile and any ARPG in general and who are looking for a graphically beautiful ARPG experience."
76561198031724143,Not Recommended,424370,30735596,Posted: 25 March,all,Führer of Fun,"Now, if you look at the recommendation thing you'll probably think I hate this game, or at least dislike it.Well, the opposite is actually true.  I love this game, and see a lot of great things in it.  Its a great looking game and it has a lot in it that is done super well.  The animations for you attacking are amazing.  The sounds sound nice and crunchy.  The whole of the combat is a uique system with balancing the two resources.  It has a lot of inspiration from Path of Exile with leveling spells, potion mechanics, and the talent tree, but it changes it enough to be different.  I honestly think it has a lot of potential.The reason I don't recommend this game right now is because it is so early in Alpha and is so bare bones in many ways.  Later I will change if the updates continue and it gets more developed, but right now....I wouldn't recommend it for a complete experience"
76561198024584970,Recommended,424370,24440434,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Delerium,"**EARLY ACCESS**  I dont usually go in for early access games but this one was on sale and I decided to give it a shot.  Grim Dawn was another ARPG that i decided to give a shot in early access and i certainly did not regret that.  I watched the game develop into an excellent title that i enjoy playing.  Wolcen reminds me of the earlier stages of Grim Dawn.  It is extremely bare bones right now and has locked up on me a few times but there is a good game here.  Solid graphics, unique way of building up your character and farly cool combat system.  I am going to recommend now only because i see potential but if you are not  down with a truely ""Alpha"" experience, perhaps wait a bit to hand over your money."
,Recommended,424370,26215086,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Skeletor,"As early beta as this game is, i have a feeling this game is a direct rip of Diablo 3.Everything in it reminds me of diablo 3 as i play this, i am not sure if that's an intended feature or what. The little orbs of health & exp are diablo-3 the blue circle above certain heads is diablo-3, the orb of health etc etc.Is the game playable? Sure. It has some glitches here and there, but it honestly just feels like a massive expansion to diablo. I'd like for the devs to inject some Originality into this rather than piggybacking on another games success, because if this game gets sued are we going to get our money back? who knows. I really want to say it even goes as far as to use Diablo assess. But who knows."
,Recommended,424370,23993860,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Etheral,"The best Visuals that i see in my entire rpg life...+the darkness   +the sunlight and sunrays   +and their beautiful mix!+the rain   +reflections   +wheather effects   +the atmosphere+stable (no crashes)   +cool skillsjust stuning. but:-bugs (sure, its alpha)-few content (yet)So i just backed that beautiful pony, that one day surely become a unicorn."
76561198066830567,Recommended,424370,26350455,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Doom Bot,"i just recently bought the game. the game has lots of potential and i love palying it, its just that i suggest fixing the combat system and combat sound becuase its not that impactful.anyway, can't wait to see the game complete. <3 <3"
76561198040866968,Recommended,424370,32865937,Posted: 27 June,all,yngjester,Is this the real d3!? Feels like D2s actual sequal.
76561198084382500,Recommended,424370,26079058,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MAKELELE-MAN,"Graphics 5/5 / one of the most beautiful RPGs what I ever seen/Well, it is an early access game, so dont expect for a settled story line,  it isn't done, not finished, it is strongly noticeable , but I haven't regretted purchasing it, so I ll keep an eye on the updates and time by time I ll be Back to check out the new stuff.I am rooting for the developers, and I wish great success when it is done.  - o, by the way: I definitely recommend to purchase it."
,Recommended,424370,30267542,Posted: 1 March,all,Guitarded,"Great game, I just hope more updates are coming soon."
,Recommended,424370,31510404,Posted: 2 May,all,Tinman,"Keeping an eye on this one! Its still in the early statges though, so I dont recommend buying unless you feel like helping the devs along."
76561198134685239,Recommended,424370,31297885,Posted: 22 April,all,IG @Armoon26 xd,"The game is great with a few pros and cons that i can point out.Pros- Amazing visuals, great sense of progression, great weapon and armor design, great enemy and terrain designCons- Many bugs such as: enters new area and the screen is completely white (cant see anything), some items that are dropped cannot be picked upI say the game is doing great so far. Maybe optimize the game a bit better so there arent much performance issues and fix the white room bug and not being able to pick up itemsso far it is around a 8/10"
76561197989520468,Recommended,424370,32314482,Posted: 10 June,all,TNTPOP,"...but once it's near finished. The potential is REALY there but the bugs are biting.  If you are a supporter of these types of things then go for it!  THis was the first time I ever bought an Alpha release to help.  I really think this ""could"" be big!"
76561198325466344,Recommended,424370,26324417,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SirMuffinzor,"It is a very mechanically fun game in it's current state (0.3.1). I enjoyed my time playing it so far. It is in early Alpha, so there isn't much to do except a couple starter quests, and then explore; but even in that case the game is still very enjoyable (You can even build a house *interior only atm* if you want to). There is much room for improvement, such as some of the spells have very odd umbra usage, and things like that sort. If you don't want to put the $20 or so into this game in it's current state, it is perfectly understandable; but I implore you to stick around and maybe follow the game if you are interested."
76561198059299820,Recommended,424370,23980648,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KonstantStompa,"Can't wait to see how this game turns out, shows alot of promise even at this early stage."
,Recommended,424370,29861224,Posted: 11 February,all,noob :3,It has great potential but there are many bugs that need to be fixed before it's too late !
,Recommended,424370,31253687,Posted: 20 April,all,DoomOnYou,"As the game stands it looks like it could very easily become* a top tier game in its genre.Assuming the developer maintains the quality of gameplay already present I don't see why not to reccomend this game.If this game is anything in terms of completetion progress like a similar Early acces game I bought. It will be a good year before its fully fleshed out for full playthroughs. (Matching fairly well with their own prediction).*Keyword become because as it stands the content is limited hence it being Early access. What you can do so far is great but don't expect a lot yet.Pros: Mage class actually feels powerful. (With the current build as of making this review I can clear everything on screen that isn't a boss with ease leaving behind a nice pile of loot and leftover magic).Weapon/Gear progression is good. The quality of gear adds a nice touch of min/maxing.Dev(s) appears to be fairly active so far providing decent updates and have already tweaked some problems I had when I first got the game.Neutral: Legendary drops are very rare (Only gotten one, I like it when legendary drops are actually rare and not just thrown like any other rarity)Cons: As it stands I have no complaints about what the game has offered so far. Obviously it doesn't have enough content but its early access so listing that as a con would be silly.Oh I do dislike the character wipes as new game builds are made but it makes sense as to why its done.TL;DR: Will you get your money's worth if you buy it and play it now? No, it only has about 4-6 Hours of content at the moment assuming you test all the different main builds.But it has great chance of easily being worth its price so I see no problem investing in this game as I would like to see it suceed like a similar game I invested in."
,Recommended,424370,22509251,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Agent ɳerf,"I'm over 10+hrs into the game checking out the world. The game is alot of fun, the spells are really cool and enjoyable. The graphics are amazing and its only Alpha verson :) They update the game quite frequently which is very nice. Pick it up if you enjoy diablo type games! This might be the game that goes beyond Diablo..."
76561198048395610,Recommended,424370,22024587,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,NikoSamayo,"only Alpha 0.1 !!!!i have same performance on low and very high, no difference on FPS...Need to be improved later"
76561198072271287,Recommended,424370,25589578,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,NajNanuk,"Great game, but updates progress is slow.... ."
76561198067395412,Not Recommended,424370,29814739,Posted: 9 February,all,Lif,"In its current Early Access state no.The game (if you can call it that atm) has a couple of quests that you can do and when you finish it has a repeatable dungeon with 3-4 tilesets, sure you can grind away in there but for really no real purpose as with every large update your characters are wiped etc etc.Game has a long way to go in terms of depth, optimization, and purpose.I'm hopeful, but realistcally in terms of ARPGs it brings nothing original (at least from on paper/what is CURRENTLY available) to the genre and just plays to that loot grind whim that brought you here in the first place.My advice, keep an eye on the game, hopefully in the next year its in a Beta with some optimizations. But seriously, would reccomend not purchasing the game in its current state, Path of Exile and Grim Dawn do the genre more of a service than this.Edit: 7/17 Questing world is beyond unstable, legit just got what felt like lag (computer showed less than 50% utilization of my cpu and memory, game showed 16ms, fps was 60) where I was unable to attack or move and was rubberbanding around.  Don't trust the hype nor the people fanboying over this title, its still an unpolished/crash filled/bug ridden♥♥♥♥♥♥fest.Edit continued from 7/17: After crashing four times in a row I'm done.  Do yourself a favor and wait four years for this game to actually release."
76561198048131130,Recommended,424370,25580693,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Lorddunken,Such an enjoyable experience. Yea quest isn't finished same with the game but no issues on my end have so much fun with it
76561198052319810,Recommended,424370,22340538,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Abelion,"Well, right now the game seems to be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I actually belive this will be a great game one day. If you buy this game today you will get something what is defenetly NOT worthy of 20 bugs. You have to keep in mind this is just a investion because there is no doubt about game's potencial. It will take a year at least to finish the game but than there will be a new king of hack and slash scene and it will cost 50 bugs. It is risky I know but I'm convinced.It's like buying a dragon's egg. Yes there is always a chance it will die but if nothing gets fu*ked up one day you will get a bloody dragon which costed you few crowns."
,Recommended,424370,22492454,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,NathanNorthwest,"I am enjoying this game beyond imagine. I love ARPGs, hack and slashes.  I welcome any and all game that want to take this genre on.However, the ragdoll physics are just stupid, they are incredibly over the top. PLEASE devs fix this. It completely takes me out of the game."
76561197971401993,Recommended,424370,22824014,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,KittinaZeit,cant' really comment since i only played 1 min but buy if you wanna support else don't bother you won't be able to play it.reason1) the game performace is horrible it feels like you playing it using a 10 years old pc it lags like mad. FYI my laptop is only 6 month old gaming laptop.2) due to the lag the camera is flying all over kinda got a headache after 1 min. felts like someone grab your shoulder and keep shaking you left and right lol.3) can't attack properly due to lag so you are mainly running around due to delay click.4) high low setting don't make a bit of difference still lags5) loading takes a long time6) change setting takes even longer
76561198049109791,Recommended,424370,32570015,Posted: 19 June,all,d.cote,"I don't know what causes this, but the game in nearly unplayable. i have a great computer, and the FPS are horrible. dont get me wrong the game looks completely amazing, insane graphics and animations. But i will wait to see if there will be a cpu performance update before trying to play this game again."
,Recommended,424370,22141222,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CilL,"EPIC !support this game guys,so it can be more epic! :D#need some optimalization and more content"
76561197971043808,Recommended,424370,29015559,Posted: 4 January,all,diabetus,"Have two characters, spent about 7 hours playing this. In alpha, this game is better than what diablo 3 is now. I'm excited to see this game get completed."
76561198141585242,Recommended,424370,28083500,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Howlyn,I hase some potential
,Recommended,424370,22033392,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,tim,"Game is in its very early stages, I will forgive the bugs.  The game is lots of fun.  I made it to level 7 and had some really powerful spells, can't wait to the finished game."
76561197971847516,Recommended,424370,24238807,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jackal,"This is one of the most promising ARPGs in recent memory, I've played them all and none of them come close to this. I just hope the devs take this little gem and make it into a diamond"
,Recommended,424370,24329057,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Chillstep,Alpha 0.2.5--------------Good-extremely promisingBad-none (Alpha)
,Recommended,424370,25964691,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TroubleGum,"Wolcen: Lords of Crashing is the next big Early Access Strike after DayZ.Crashing since Release and there are barely any changes.BUT - You can play a Female Character and you can change her Breast Size. So yeah, buy it!Get it while it's cheap! If you wait till 2024 it'll be too late and you probably have to pay the Full Price.Better be Fast!"
76561198053126199,Recommended,424370,24140848,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Yuri,The game looks beautiful and it shows great promise
76561198030853973,Recommended,424370,31438246,Posted: 29 April,all,Island Ed,"ill keep it short for now:im ♥♥♥♥ing wetting my self! as bare bones early alpha as it is, it already is the best arpg i have ever ♥♥♥♥ing played and i played them all.of course its personal taste... but everything i missed in other arpg that left me wishing for more and having a taste of wasted potential... well its here in this game.its not much in there yet but it does what it does soooo good, and its finally a game up2date. you know when diablo 3 released after years and years of dev. and you thought...thats it?? all this years and thats all you have to offer... not to mention it looked old and wrinkly on arrival and they defended it by.: you know you have distructible environment... hahahaha.gonna write a more detailed impression later.its EA so you know...its a gamble, but i as it is now, i can recommend supporting this product!"
,Recommended,424370,22056091,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SiNiStER,I have only played Wolcen for a bit so far and then it crashed which wasn't unexpected since it's only alpha but the game is BEAUTIFUL. The graphics are amazing and the world looks really great and detailed. I hope this game goes far because I can see it being very fun to play in it's finished form. Keep up the good work.
76561198116356628,Recommended,424370,25059503,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,nihilist74,"This is a diablo style game. It has some cool spells that seem to be all elemental based. It would be nice if they had more themes to the spells besides elemental. Good examples would be, necromantic, holy, and demonic themed spells would be nice.I didnt play far into it enough to determin but i seemed to start out with a basic melee attack and a melee attack that knock's its target to the ground. I hope that eventually you get AOE melee attacks.The game seems to have good graphics. Right now it doesnt run well unless you have decent video card.One of the things that really annoys me about this game is that it doesnt have any key mapping options in its main menu.The character creation screen needs to have more hair style options to give a better feel of customization.The game seems to have a lot of potential but right now it feels very underdeveloped. If the developers get a chance to finish this game, it could be pretty good. I think i would like it more than grim dawn because of the spells that you can attack with.Its worth 19.99 for early access if the developers do a good job completing the game."
,Recommended,424370,25394671,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zanamas,"At the moment, fantastic. Can't wait to see whats next."
76561198398636534,Recommended,424370,33747015,Posted: 23 July,all,WOW!!!!,ARPG scene better make some room!
76561197990306742,Recommended,424370,33365991,Posted: 8 July,all,Captain Smee,At the crossroad of Diablo/Path of Exile this game has the potential to be a better Diablo.
,Recommended,424370,25096654,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Christoph,"It is getting there.  Additions every day, and I am looking forward to seeing a finished game soon.Although I recommend this game it is far from finished, but it has great potential."
76561198074840610,Recommended,424370,22037207,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,AngelusNZ,"Been waiting patiently for this and have not been disapinted with the resultFor early access alpha it is gorgeousSure there are some optimising issues to be smoothed out, but that by no means diminishes how good the game is so farPross- Graphics are beautifully crisp and immersive- Freedom of movment with 360 degree rotating camera (i would like to have camera movemnt also linked to keyboard)- Intuitive design for new skills / spells - with randomisation of which spells / skills are found making it replayable early on- Story seems well thought and paced from the first few available quests (some re-writing of the English syntax may help for those where English is not a first language)Cons- Optimisation (which will be fixed in time) = game engine crashes (can sometimes lead to character loss)- Lack of Tooltips - for me this one hopefully gets fixed soon - there's no indication of how your stat points contributte to character imrprovement, (eg Does Strength just allow for higher armour, or does it affect melee damage etc,  Does constituation affect anything other than Health pool / regen)- Lack of tooltips on Passive Tree (what are the pre req's for learning new skills - hard to mentally plan out a build if you dont know what does or does not unlock other skills in the tree)- There are some issues around having certain skills on your LMB in that it seems to auto-cast without clicking the button once you figure out which ones currently have issies its fine to work around)- Qiest markers are fine - but could be smaller on mini-map- Merchant items seem merely placeholders for now - as no real details on gear, and weapons unable to be purchased or viewedThe cons are reasonable to expect in an early alpha and will be corrected in time and as i said, by no means diminish the gameplayIt is open world, and even after completing the few early available quests, there's still plenty of world to explore, and enemies to find - although Loot is not compelling at present - some confusion over if an item is an upgrade or not (armour carrying negative weights beased on armour level it seems)Looking forward to the twice monthly updates that have been advised to be plannedFor ARPG fans I would definitely keep this on your radar - worth a look, but early access is for testing and feedback - don't expect finished product performance yet - but when it is done, it will be sbulime"
,Recommended,424370,24444792,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Maty,I believe this project is going to be amazing. Finally back to interesting RPG. I fully support this and wish guys lot of fun and way through easier. (:
76561198162935134,Recommended,424370,24426934,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,D3ATHCHASE,"Right now, i think this is a solid game that with the right amount of tweaks and fixes before launch, can really be the next best entry in this genre. Loving how it all looks and plays out so far. My biggest gripe so far is the map, it is a boring layout and the mini-map is something to be desired. A more thorough tutorial system should be implemented as well. The combat is nice and really drives most of the game, loving the duel-wielding and mixture of powers that 1 person can use. The types of powers and such i think can use some tweaking, if not added more features, but looks good for where its at.Bottom line, if you love this genre and dont mind playing a game in alpha, then i would pick this up, and weigh in on things you'd like to see. No doubt.I did not recieve this product for free, but would love one!"
,Recommended,424370,24136107,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,meltdown,"Good, with a long ways to go. Do not get if you dont want to wait around a year+ for a complete game."
,Recommended,424370,31030676,Posted: 8 April,all,Artillero,"well to someone who play a few years to diablo 2: lord of destruction like 14 hours per day, this is better successor than diablo 3..has to mucho potential im w8 for an full playable multiplayer"
,Recommended,424370,25038044,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Simolie,"It wasn't my first time to buy a early access game,but I'm sure that this is the first time to play the early access game which I bought.I mean, I'm usually waiting for complete version.But it is really fun to watch how Wolcen's updates are going.I almost feel like that's the part of this game.I really want to see complete version of this game."
,Recommended,424370,24899702,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jigglefrizz,"STILL IN EARLY ALPHA!Currently and to no suprise the game is currently barely playable.However it has massive potential, which the friendly and active devs seem to be capable of carrying through.Pros:Future plans for the game seem ambitious and amazing.Graphics are good, potential to be great.Devs respond to forum posts.My favourite genre of game.Current issues:1) Attack animations freeze2) Can't use some melee skills as ""rage"" runs out within 2 hits early game. Especially bad for attacks that are meant to build attack speed over time. Cant hold down botton, have to keep mashing secondary abilities.3) Skeleton overlord 1st boss is incredibly hard compared to all monsters previously.4) World maps (once out of village) are all swamp currently, no other textures found in my short playthrough."
76561198014333865,Recommended,424370,24909480,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Halunke,"The game looks really promising, but in its current state you won't be able to play it due to really bad bugs (permanent stunlock, character running into one direction without being able to stop etc) which is pretty normal for an alpha, even more in such an early state.From my playing it already makes a lot of fun and I really look forward to playing the game when it's a bit more polished."
76561198160791836,Recommended,424370,24320053,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,G-Man,its if diablo and grim dawn had a baby and the baby came out with a huge D**K10 D**ks/ 10 D**ks
,Not Recommended,424370,28543724,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gadzooks,"Well the game looks like it could be amazing. Massive skill system, very nice visuals, etc etc.However, the game will make your CPU cry. I havent seen a game task the CPU this hard in a long time. Pushing not only CPU load, but also cpu temps much higher than it should be for a game of this quality. GPU barely gets used.Also, if you dont have this on an SSD, expect LOTS of intermitent lag spikes as the game freezes to load in content as you play.Its early access now, but I cant recommend it due to how poorly it performs. Devs need to learn how to utilize powerful computer hardware designed for games (IE: GPUs) better. If they can improve that, ill jump back in and find out if the game is actually worth playing."
,Recommended,424370,22136862,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ⓣ☯Ⓜ,"This game is still VERY early in development, but has a good foundation already. The developers are hard at work fixing/adding etc. numerous things regularly. They've already got the graphics down and as you may have noticed it looks fantastic(best-looking ARPG). They are looking at popular APRGs to improve their game which is good news so you can be assured the game will not disappoint. They also listen very actively to the community, and so you can be very involved here with bug fixing and/or suggesting features. This game has great potential but still has a long way to go gameplay-wise. Since it's just been released in Early Access I expect the developers won't rest until it's the best it can be. No rating from me, but if you like ARPGs/like what you see this is one to get involved with."
,Recommended,424370,23474577,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Lochied,Like it.
76561197989891921,Recommended,424370,22485033,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Iraqiiz,game is nice and the graphic is nice as well already from the start.looking forward for multiplayer and the final of this game. but so far it's worth paying for it for sure :D
,Recommended,424370,22279510,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jericho Hellsing,add contorl support or maybe the steam control would work great game over all
,Recommended,424370,29026842,Posted: 4 January,all,M3Tank,Add Dark Souls 1 - 3 weapons and armors.
76561198037567013,Recommended,424370,24252532,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,bubu,The graphics are amazing even at this stage. The gameplay is smooth. Good work.
76561198154228033,Recommended,424370,22083328,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,weaponsprime01,Heyso i bought this game last night so when i woke up it would be ready for me to enjoy with my coffee. Loading took foever.. so long I thought it froze a few times. The game has very good graphics and has alot of potential. The frame rate is less then 5.. so Im a full ((1 second behind))) my clicks.. that makes it unplayable for me. Hope it gets fixed soon.
76561197998638945,Recommended,424370,22165051,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,metalharvester,Such a beutiful game.Need alot more work to bee playable.
76561197970774722,Recommended,424370,23977841,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Boliwod,Has a ton of potential for ARPG lovers out there. Very enjoyable even in it's current state. Still very much an alpha though.
76561198013475377,Recommended,424370,24506036,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Knyn,They got a diamond here in rough form. AWESOME SO FAR! The only inhibiting things so far is the quest tracker. Please fix.
76561198129746527,Recommended,424370,31883490,Posted: 21 May,all,Ur_momsfavoriteperson,Beatuiful game with potential.
76561198005773813,Recommended,424370,24744303,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,doc,".as i understand, unless you have a CPU that supports SSE 4.2, this game will not run well.correct me if i am wrong.."
,Recommended,424370,22082642,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Evo,"Amazing graphics for an ARPG, but UI and performance is terrible at the moment hopefully this will get better with updates."
76561198021989898,Recommended,424370,22170302,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Anarchos,"Whoa! I knew Early Access games are mostly buggy and all... but Wolcen takes it to another level of brutal crashes and full stops!The little gameplay I managed to get in between crashes and the promotional videoes they have posted on their site does make it look promising tho... in a year or two!Will vote recommend, but that is most likely achievable in a year or two."
76561197993895864,Not Recommended,424370,35006601,Posted: 16 September,all,Ray64,"Has potential, but in its current form its akin to a skeleton.  Alot of systems are in-place and look appealing but they lack depth and purpose.  Campaign content is next to non-existant currently.  The 'any class or classless' claim is mostly the case , although the spec node system is not fully modular, it has specs layed on wheels that can be rotated in order to change connections it advertised this as 'limitless archetype combinations' but it is not exactly because the arrangement on the wheels are set (cannot be changed) so the amount of combinations possible is not fully arbitrary when you try to go beyond one inner-outer 'archetype' arrangement.  The more wheels they add, the more this limitation becomes apparent.  So in the end Im not sure the point of the current wheeled 'archetype' spec system as its format appears to limit combinations more than enable them.As for the skills in the game, they are done with books that you get as drops or buy at the vendor, you consume them to learn the skill, the skill has its own leveling up process when happens as you use it and by reading more of the same skill book.  Most skills appear to have their own simple spec tree as well, although that content is yet to be fleshed out to a significant degree.Anyways looking foward to seeing this game grow some meat on its bones!"
76561198042675673,Recommended,424370,26223105,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chaos Reborn,This is an amazing game
76561198253945035,Recommended,424370,29817845,Posted: 9 February,all,godesca,구입후 약 3개월이 지났습니다. 개발중인 게임 답게 그동안 많은 업데이트가 있었습니다. 만...지금 드는 느낌은 여기저기 발만 담가보고 제대로 처리되는게 하나도 없다는것 이네요. 물론 여러 개발자가 작업하니 그럴만도 하겠다 생각되지만..결론은 전체적으로 조금씩 나아지고 있긴 합니다.첫케릭은 이것저것 해본다고 조금 즐기긴 한것 같은데 두번째케릭은 반나절이면 만렙되버리니 할게 없네요.
76561197985108531,Recommended,424370,28595501,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CptRich,"Just want to give my upvote, because i see great potential."
76561198033878096,Recommended,424370,22297594,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Goregasm,"Based on what I see so far it looks promising. However this game is completely unplayable in its current state. This is like a pre, pre-alpha. It shouldn't even be on Steam right now. There are just too many game breaking bugs and inconveniences right now. I'm talking about things like your character getting stuck inexplicably and you cannot move and have to close the game. Nowhere near a playable demo. Despite this fact I'm still giving it a recommendation because I know these issues will be remedied."
76561198166095829,Recommended,424370,26493049,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,stollingsfrederick,WELL I DIDNT WORK I HAVE A NEW COMPERTER AND I GOT MY MONEY BACK MAYBE LATTER ON ILL TRY BUYING IT AGAIN HOPEFULLY THEY CAN FIX IT
76561198138970500,Recommended,424370,25424485,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Eether,"The graphic are good and the skills concept are great,thou still needs lots of work.Really can't wait to see a real finished game released."
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,424370,26439946,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sinatr,"NO.It's too early for this game to even appears in Steam. Steam is NOT Kickstarter. When you put your game here is has to have already certain status.Game promises to wipe my characters with updates right upon starting up.Game has a lot of ""under construction"" text right inside basic UI.The online part is not even exists, so how can we know it's gonna be and it's gonna work???As for concept: it's wanna be ""Path of Exile, same flasks system, same skill points progression...Graphics looks nice!To summarise: put game into wishlist and check it at the end of 2017... Do not buy."
76561198021307158,Not Recommended,424370,32975763,Posted: 28 June,all,TenTonBlue,"I cant recommend this game at the current time. I might come back and change my review later on, but its so buggy right now it shouldnt even be in alpha.Dont get me wrong, this game would be fantastic if you could play for more than 15-20 minutes at a time, but I can hardly play the game to even consider it testing. Theres constant crashing randomly in fights, when using waypoints, and zoning. Once you crash a few times it seems like the issues start compounding making it happen more and more often and it makes the game loading times longer and longer.  Ive already uninstalled and reinstalled the game which seems to have ""refreshed"" those compounding issues, but its just happening again. I think ive spent more time sitting through load screens than actually playing the game at this point.Another huge issue is that every 3-5 minutes your character gets stuck in a looping animation. For instance if you dodge roll your character will continue to dodge roll over and over and you cant do anything else. Sometimes in the middle of combat my character will just get locked in place and i have no choice but to stand there and die or log out. Other times my character is simply gliding around stuck in some strange pose unable to attack.So how is the game when you can actually play it and in the 2-3 minutes your character actually does what you want it to do?The environment is beautiful and its quite engaging.The combat feels fairly good, but will need some polish. (I mostly play melee in ARPGs and the melee targeting needs to be worked on. Also the attack chains can have fairly long wind ups preventing you from being able to dodge roll, this needs to be addressed in some way, perhaps by cancelling the attack swing and instantly performing the roll.)When the Animations work, they look very good.The only other things to mention here are things to expect form an alpha such as low monster variety, lack of content etc..If the devs could just get the game into an actually playable state, I would recommend it even in its early access/alpha phase. As of right now, though, im tired of fighting the game just to play intermittent 15-20 minute sections with about as much time inbetween reloading the game and waiting through the loading screens. And thats not including that in those 15-20 minutes i cant even control my character 50% of the time."
76561198020085437,Recommended,424370,22028611,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Game is in very early access and that is something to keep in mind before trying/buying into this game.That said it has some nice potential for a good dungeun crawler type game, nice visuals awesome spells, freedom in progression and costomization of gear/spells and weapons. There are no classes, you just become what you want to focus on. Poor optimization atm, but that will ofcourse be improved upon. Early access to provide feedback and help a great game come together.Quick look at early gameplay:https://youtu.be/nj-gdAhkJf4"
76561197982345110,Recommended,424370,28555441,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lioncash,"This has been uninstalled and installed frankly a hundred times since I bought it. It's one of the only products I've ever bought really considering it as ""early access"" because it's very unfinished.What it makes up for though is spectacular, truly this is going to be on the most massive ARPG's I've ever seen and really it should be competiting with Path of Exile in terms of scale and depth."
,Recommended,424370,26610538,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zombilly,A++
76561198052497862,Not Recommended,424370,34831577,Posted: 9 September,all,Driverben,"I bought the game super cheap a while back and have enjoyed it for quite a while. It's not your usual ARPG, has a similar idea with a skill tree as PoE.Obviously with games being in early development there is issues. However the only problem I've come across (unfortunately it's been happening a lot since the last update) is the game crashing. Sometimes it will crash with several mobs on the screen, sometimes not. I distinctly remember swapping out new boots on my caster which caused the game to crash. This has been happening at least 1-2 times every hour, for the last 5hrs I've been playing since the update.At this point with the constant crashing I can't really recommend it as it has sucked any enjoyment of the game I've been having up to this point. I was really liking the game until these constant crashing issues. Luckily the game seems to save/update your profile quite regularly so I haven't lost any progress or items.If the devs do something to fix the crashing I can definitely recommend this title.Edit: Sept 11. Looks like the devs have started looking into the crashing issues, appears to be a lot bigger than just myself and a handful of others. Hopefully will see a fix soon"
,Recommended,424370,31258062,Posted: 20 April,all,AlphaOmar97,is this game going to ad co-op i love to play with my friends?. you know like diablo or path :D.oh and i love this game
,Recommended,424370,31360624,Posted: 25 April,all,✪deagle3,:'( i hope game would have mroe content
76561198030375553,Not Recommended,424370,26163081,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Vita Cordes,"Alright, even tough I believe this game has a potential in the far future, I think it also still has a way too big risk to fail. And before I start explaining why, let me first define explain what stage they are in.prototype: A game at it's very basics conveying the idea of what the developer will be creating. Usually what you see on a kickstarter page. However, it's not yet properly playable.Alpha: A vertical slice of the game where all the important key mechanics of the game are present and working.Beta: A portion of the game where everything that should be in the game is present. This is usually already quite balanced but requires the game to be played on a larger scale for better balancing data before release.So, now that we know this, I have to say that this game is currently a prototype. You may have pretty visuals, but that's about it. I'm not going to call out what's missing and what's not working properly. |But it's a fun for now it's a fun gimmicky that might be enjoyable for an couple hours untill you notice that there actually isn't really any purpose to it.I do have to say that I see potential things that will definetly let me play this game in the future, so if they do manage to finish it which at it's current stage is still very questionable. Here are a couple of things key elements I enjoyed seeing in a isometric hack and slash rpg.- Finally a hack and slash game where dodging is a basic feature and not some kind of skill.- A passive skill tree very similair to Path of Exile, exept this one is very clear to read. It currently had 2 tiers, but it looks like it will be massive with 4 tiers.- A very satisfying AOE system where you even feel proficient as a mellee character. You seriously slash a lot of emeny's around you per hit. This can create some very nice but intence battles combined with the dodging.- A stunningly beautifull environment with great VFX and lighting.--------------CONCLUSION--------------I'm not going to call out this games on it's flaws as it's waaaay to early into development. But I do see a high chance that this game will be fun once finished. However, they have given it too early to the public, there is no benefit for them that people already play this.I see this game as a high potential to never be finished. Once I'm proven wrong I'll definetly recommend it, but for now... just wait."
76561197978111907,Not Recommended,424370,29583286,Posted: 30 January,all,velx,"I can't recommend this game right now, in the state that it is in.  There is only about 6 hours worth of gameplay and it still has a lot of bugs.  I think it has potential, but it is a long way from being a finished game.  It's fun for a few hours, and then there isn't really anything to do in it.  For twenty dollars, and from the date it was released, it should be much further along than it is.  No monster variety really, the loot is all the same, the skill tree is not impressive and it's really unbalanced gameplay.  Stay away from this one, until they get it together.  My thoughts anyway."
76561198008051414,Not Recommended,424370,24139567,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Marshael,Worth watching.  Not worth any money at this time!  Game load takes forever and it locks your computer while loading!  Devs need a lot of polish on this gem.  Check back in 6 months to a year.
76561197971037533,Not Recommended,424370,25519458,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DoubleD,Graphics are pretty.In it's current state I can't recommend it.Buggy and the controls are clunky.I bound a spell to my R mouse button then I couldn't walk any more(it would just cast the spell).Even though walking is L click...
76561198040417305,Not Recommended,424370,29644762,Posted: 2 February,all,box,"No just no. Buy it WHEN it's finished. At this point just scratch your itch with Diablo 3 or POE because at the rate the Developer has been going this will take years to finish, IF it finishes that is."
76561198006578170,Not Recommended,424370,32731063,Posted: 24 June,all,jmotivator,"I had to give a thumbs down even though this game has tons of promise, and is very fun when it works.  Unfortunately the developers are seriously pushing the envelope on early release and are asking the public to be paid alpha testers.The game crashes to desktop continuously, there is no safe zone from crashes that you would expect in, say, a beta release where the game is mostly stable but the content is missing and funny things happen at the edge of the developed world... nope,  this game is buggy from the moment you click ""play"" to the moment it inevitably crashes.  This game lacks content and stability.  The patches are what would be extpected from an alpha release with mechanics and structure changing so drastically that each patch wipes characters.  It's the kind of experience you would expect from being a paid or volunteer alpha tester.So I have already covered the cons, so let me just list the pros:1) The concept is great.2) The magic and character systems are unique, fascinating and deep3) The magic effects in the game are so cool it feels overpowered on coolness (Lightning Mage FTW)4) If your dream is to become a paid game tester for a big gave development studio, you may be able to put this game on your resume."
,Not Recommended,424370,30260793,Posted: 1 March,all,onfirealive,"As I'm writing this, the game build version is currently 0.3.7, and my review is for this build specifically!This game has a huge potential. Everything looks fantastic, BUT:As of right now, it's not yet properly optimized and the gameplay is quite clunky(I have a good machine that games with better graphics at the highest settings so it's not due to a lacking set-up).The game world is obviously far from finished, so for people looking for a complete game experience - you'll have to wait a while or buy a different game.This game has come a long way since I first purchased it. It used to be near impossible to play, and now it's definitely playable but still far from finished and needs plenty of work.As of game build 0.3.7 - I do not recommend buying this game.If you're itching for a top down arpg, buy Torchlight 2 or Grim Dawn."
76561198027051911,Not Recommended,424370,32311047,Posted: 10 June,all,Dispo,"My 1st review ever on a game.The game has huge potential, as other people have mentioned already.The graphics, i love them, the lighting, the enviroment, its all lovely, big thumbs up there!I bought this game a while ago, but at that moment i couldnt enjoy it, the melee fighting felt clumsy.Some months later i decided to give it another try and there have been some really big improvements, thanks developers!!Despite the improvements the game is still unplayable for me.....not comepletly unplayable, but because of some bugs i still can't fully enjoy the game in the way you developers ment it for us.I only have 3,5 hours play time. thats not that much, i know. But after 1 hour some major buggs appear wich ruin the gaming experience for me. I regularly get stuck in big mobs. The only way to get rid of that bug is when you have holy dive , so you can jump out the mob. Also the targeting on big mobs with your mouse, altough my mouse is on the mob, i cant click it.... Also i have problems (sometimes) with picking up loot, it is there, but i can't click it. Also the last bug for now, it made me decide to leave the game for now.....walking into areas where you all of a sudden can't move forward. Like there is an invisible wall...problem is that you need to go there.Its a good game, has the right potential to have my full support, but for now, i can't give it a thumbs up.I'm gonna check again in a few months to see how the state of this game is!Keep up the good work developers!Kind regards."
,Not Recommended,424370,32841711,Posted: 26 June,all,DucreuxMeme,"I would recommend this game, but it's just far to early to get into it right now.  Too many game-breaking bugs and crashes, and not enough things to do.  For me even the daily dungeons didnt work, as they had a ""server error"" every time.  Here's to the dev team though."
76561197968030326,Not Recommended,424370,22078184,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,GoldKnyght™,"Right now i can not recommend this game. Outside of wanting to pay to help the team fix their bugs inside the game. The video you see of the game that was showed 8 to 9 months ago is the same build u are given today. Im saying recommend this game at the moment, for this build, a NO. wish there was a mixed thumb. so it didnt seem that u are dissing the game. I purchased to help fund, i wasnt expecting anything from this alpha release. but if u were, stay away."
76561198132670253,Recommended,424370,30786455,Posted: 27 March,all,EoniAno,试玩了俩小时，孤岛危机引擎，大菠萝2的风格。开发组更新也比较频繁，看好
76561197962084709,Not Recommended,424370,25945046,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ironsides,"Its looking promissing, but not playable yet!!! also some performace issues that i couldnt overlook ill check back in with this in a few mths."
,Not Recommended,424370,33243628,Posted: 4 July,all,(RR)Chuck Morris,"As so many other reviewers have said, the gameplay is solid, but the stability is absolutely atrocious. I've got ~90 minutes played and crashed four seperate times, in completely different areas/situations. Increasing the games stability needs to be the #1 priority of the developers right now as I would have continued playing if I could manage more than 15-20 minutes between crashes."
,Not Recommended,424370,29652268,Posted: 2 February,all,Bells,"The development of this game is taking far too long.The Alpha release is not a finished product, sure, but it's very unstable and barely playable at times. The game crashes regularly and updates seem to revolve around adding cosmetic changes and don't seem to be addressing the need for stability before all else.Wait forff it to hit beta at the very least."
76561198268627717,Not Recommended,424370,32703054,Posted: 23 June,all,deyvson,"This game doesn’t bring anything really new to the table. The opposing system is nice, in which when you spend mana you gain rage and vice-versa, make hybrid builds very feasible. But apart from that is just another dungeon crawler about killing and looting.They have a passive skill grid, similar to Path of Exile, except that in Path of Exile we had some really character changing options. We gain some attribute points to distribute, but the main amount is given by the passive grid. The active skills is randomly found in books, you can just equip and unequip them as you like. This game can be interesting to pass your time, the addictive slot machine feeling that random loot always generate and all, but if you already played the main games in this style this one won’t have anything new for you."
,Not Recommended,424370,32721572,Posted: 24 June,all,Beam,"There are some serious issues about this game, it caused my whole system shut down 3 times in a row. Also it's not working smooth and nothing new for hack&slash game, extremely boring at start."
,Recommended,424370,25849220,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spleen-Splitta,"Finally A Game Back to the core of Gaming, 10/10 and will only get better and better."
,Not Recommended,424370,34229663,Posted: 13 August,all,ffrotty,"took me ^ long to get through it, and that was with goof'n around. probably more like 3 hours tops.this is a definite ""wait"""
76561198154032831,Not Recommended,424370,25620154,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,svenskdeg,"prossome of the weapons and armours look everything from decent to good, one in particular stood out to me is overlord bones sword, it's a flaming edge scimitar longsword with absolutely fantastic art nad a unique design(look it up to find out)the combat seems satisfying and rewarding where you often tend to get alot of item drops. (a con at the bottom of the list related to this)it doesn't seem like dieing is such a big deal, you don't lose anything that is... and because of the high level beast bug you probably won't die that often anyways!you can now play as a female character which was previous pre patch a con in this list.conslacks some visuals for characters, i find them really ugly, even the female version.theres some weird visual effect with the arm of the male character (pre update) that bothers me.(i have no idea where to go... or mabye a little bit, it has been worse but i honestly feel it could improve on the ""babysitting"" guiding for where to go, it's just too open of an area for the lack of guiding at this point.) this applies to pre-update and may also relate to a bug or lack of player knowledge, it could still work on these tho...(i keep getting killed!) THIS WAS A BUG fixed with the update, i have not read the patchnotes and i do not belieave this should be an issue for the future. basicly how i got killed was by encountering some kind of beast that runs really fast and does not in any way resemble the zombies you encounter as you play along. i have not encountered this bug so far and it seems i havn't even died even once(or atleast not every few seconds after i run into thos beasts)i belieave the reason this accured might have been because some pack sizes was indeed replaced from the intended zombie to something completely different... they were extremly common aswell and hard to avoid running into.i do belieave it is still just a tad bit expencive at this point, however since my opinions have changed i think this will not be an issue anymore.this is a CON but has PROS in it aswellINVENTORY TETRIS AHEAD!i know what you might be thinking... oh no!and while there are some inventory tetris involved the bigger problem is the fact some items either take out a large portion of your inventory while some others takes out a smaller, this also relates to the selling cost of some items where weapons take out most space but sells for most money (which may be an understatement)PICKING UP ITEMS THAT DROP FREQUENTLY and selling them could give you a good gold income but because of the lack of inventory space it may not be as rewarding as you might hope.as far as i know theres no way to make a portal, jump in and sell and jump back to where you were (like in Path of Exile)overall.it seems that the game is far from finished and contains far too many bugs.it is too expencive for a game at this stage.i ran out of things to do just a few quests in and find the game really unbalanced because you either die or survive, some bugs like my sword i was using suddently turning into something else that deals damage to me... i dunno about that but my opinion gets worse the further i play, just a while ago i changed my opinion from hating the game to thinking it's pretty decent and worth a try, then i went back to hating it again and now i can't seem to find a single bit of entertainment of it.the game doesn't even seem to be updating anymore concidering how poorly made the game is, it's like the developers aren't even trying anymore, really pisses me of! don't buy this game or ""same"" thing might end up happening to you aswell"
76561197982833369,Recommended,424370,25631748,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Skillbro Swaggins,"bought gameran around beating stuff with a torchtalked to a guybunch of creeps come upgets stuckbig creep come and clubber mei diefinally started the gamewas a good experiencei r8 it 8/8 m8, or a solid 5/7 if you will"
,Not Recommended,424370,35451574,Posted: 3 October,all,Mogdrogen,"Pros:Awesome graphics based on screenshots shown in the store pageCons:If it's too good to be true, it probably is"
,Not Recommended,424370,24290766,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Fucking Lizard King,"Cannot recommend at this point.The game just does not feel ready for public consumption, and simply put is probably too rough around the edges even for Early Access right now.Disclaimer, because sadly I know how these things go nowadays:Unfortunately I expect to be attacked for not understanding what Early Access means, my low playtime, or simply because I didn't like a game that someone else did. It's kind of the nature of leaving a negative review on Steam right now. I'll attempt to nip these concerns in the bud now.The fact that it's in Early Access doesn't make my opinion less validI have purchased alotof Early Access games, and enjoyed my time with quite a few of them. Despite all its foibles, I racked up a lot of playtime on Rust; Darkest Dungeon was fantastic from day one; Nosgoth was rough but fun; you get the idea. Most relevantly, I backed Grim Dawn and played it from alpha -- that was an ARPG in EA done right. I expect at least a few people to want to dismiss my concerns with ""It's in Early Access"", but if the devs are ready to receive money for a product, they are ready to receive criticism and negative opinion as well. Hell, even if it were free, criticism would still be perfectly valid -- this is a game attempting to justify me playing it over the other ones in my sizable library, after all. So, yeah, I understand Early Access.My playtime doesn't make my opinion less validI will not be commenting on things that 'get better' as you progress further; there is no amount of playtime with the current build of the game that would invalidate my concerns, as they don't involve things like enemy / environmental variety, etc.Personal taste doesn't make my opinion less validI have seen far too many comments along the lines of ""If you like <other game mentioned in comparison to one being reviewed> then your opinion on <game being reviewed> doesn't matter."" I like Grim Dawn, I didn't like Wolcen. I'm sure there are some people who love Wolcen and hate Grim Dawn. That's fine. Really. You do you, homeboy. But that doesn't invalidate my criticism.Phew. Okay, now that that's out of the way,I do not recommend Wolcen: Lords of Mayhem (and not because of the silly name)There's more to it than the fact that it's unfinished (obviously), even though even for an Early Access game things are decidedly lacking. Tooltip descriptions are missing; One (out of two) of the upgrade options for spells is not actually implemented, but even if both were there, ""Upgrade damage"" or ""Reduce cost / cooldown / whatever"" does not exactly make for a thrilling time; The ""town"" feels decidedly empty; Certain skills don't actuallydoanything; Acquiring new spells feels incredibly haphazard and lacklustre, almost as though these magical tomes that somehow grant you a whole new ability to use were just thrown in there at random, for lack of a better idea.On top of all of that (and that would probably be enough for me to caution people to hold off on putting down the cash just yet), combat sometimes just... doesn't work. I don't mean how unsatisfying everything feels -- lack of reaction from enemies when I hit them with my magical meteor is a great example, leaving aside that said meteor seems to fall almost at random with no indication ofwhenit's actually coming and looks pretty mediocre when it does show up -- I mean that sometimes I click on an enemy, run over to them, and just swing in place. My weapon moves through them, but they don't get hit. Repositioningusuallyfixes this (and I emphasize the word ""usually"") but it's a pretty major problem when an ARPG with combat that is already clunky and unsatisfyingalsojust doesn't let you hit the dudes you click on sometimes.The game pretty enough, and very well could turn out great down the road, but for now I can't recommend spending the money."
76561198088248603,Not Recommended,424370,31383787,Posted: 26 April,all,Lutz aus´m Corolla Club,"mmmm... whut to say?Of course its alpha, but even alpha games can be more playable than this.I really want to like this game, i honestly think it has potential to become a better hack&slay then diablo3 (yeah i know^^), but atm its not playable at all.I have to quit every half hour & restart cause i stuck in a tree or sthg, all quest progress till then is gone.White rooms, get in an area and have a completely white screen without seeing a thing, just hearing mobs punching the sh** out of you.Laggy, maybe just my PC, but dont really believe.And the worst, its so hard to hit mobs. I´m just running around them while not clicking at the exact position.Graphics, mmm, seen better, but nice effects fo some spells. I like the sound background. I love the skill tree so far, reminds on Path of Exile, this will be my main reason to come back in beta or later.So, cant recommend atm but would say, u should keep it in mind for later days and then give it a try"
76561197968851139,Not Recommended,424370,25390917,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,attumra,"Not even playable for me at this time something goes wrong about every 4 minutes or less. and not worth the money yet. game looks fun and i want to play but WAYYYYYYY TO many bugs and things that just flat out dont work. its earlly access i understand but they should at least have some parts of the game running or playable, its more of a buggy unfinished demo right now. has potential and feels fun but they should have waited to charge for the pile of stink it is right now. You should be ashamed to charge for a game in this state."
76561198047421840,Not Recommended,424370,26125767,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Raijen,"Although I'm sure this review is going to get a lot of hate from current players who are fan boys; but...I refunded it, I kept launching and getting a crash error; I was going to keep the game because it looks good and it has positve reviews, however when reading the forums I noticed that others who got the same error were getting suggestions form devs and after they (devs) ran out of ideas they stopped replying (The post had been there for 2 weeks at the top) I decided it wasn't worth it right now."
,Not Recommended,424370,30221430,Posted: 27 February,all,Twist,"It has potential!Pros:- Graphics- Combat and Mechanics- Ambience- Character Customization and HousingCons:- Graphics are very good but it also means you need a good machine, so I doubt it will be popular on PC.- Tooooo early access. The world is totally unfinished. With this development speed, I think they still need 2 years to finish it.- I hope they remove the initial quests: go get something somewhere and come back to me. There will be no space in game industry for this kind of quests by the time this game is ready.- Passive skill tree is a good idea with bad execution.I hope they can find a way to make this game playeable for long time like PoE."
76561198040789501,Not Recommended,424370,29742338,Posted: 6 February,all,Kahawai,Dont waste you cash man wait till beta.
76561197995722642,Not Recommended,424370,28707394,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Makrel,"Game is buggy mess with terrible performance including CPU usage spikes, low framerate and computer freezes.Avoid it for now."
76561197981020667,Not Recommended,424370,23964301,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JKB©,"Looking forward to be able to change my char in any way, questgivers speaking to me, not look like a dork only wering a torch, plate armor on arms and shoulders, as it is wraped on to my bare skin. Looking forward to speaking NPC'sand much more.Acually i do like the new thinking of the spellcasting system combined with weapon attacks.But the game is NOT worth 14,99€ (25% off) at the moment.They still need to make this early access to a beta. This product is not ready yet in my eyes."
76561198110502186,Recommended,424370,32668829,Posted: 23 June,all,Spanza,its ok
,Not Recommended,424370,23044426,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Musky,"This game looks like it has real potential, and I was quite excited to try it out... unfortunately I still haven't been able to do that. I understand that the game is in alpha and I have backed early access games before knowing full well that I will be playing an unfinished game in it's different stages, but this game is so poorly optimized that I have not been able to try it at alll. I can't get above 4-5FPS, rendering it completely unplayable and at this point a total waste of my money. I hope that this will get fixed in upcoming patches, but nothing has changed at all with the last few patches. To the credit of the devs, they do seem quite dedicated to the game and updates come out regularily but that unfortunately means nothing to me if I'm still unable to play it at all.Just so others can get an idea of wether or not their machines will be able to run it, the specs of my PC are:Intel Core i7 6700K32GB DDR4 RAM2xRadeon R9 380 graphics (4GB RAM each)And I'm running the game of of an SSDI really don't understand why I can't run this game at all when I'm able to run every AAA new release without any issues, my only thought is that it may have something to do with poor optimization for crossfire."
76561198057475439,Not Recommended,424370,22095604,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Rizzit,What a ridiculous crap game another ealrly access♥♥♥♥♥♥game youll never play. Refund.
,Not Recommended,424370,28550125,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Saladass<3,"i enjoy the potential this game could have but it has soooooooooooo many terrible bugs its really hard to try and play it..... i mean.1.no main story/objective2.insane unplayable bugs up the♥♥♥♥♥3. really really buggy, even offline..... how do i dare think about online?All in all i feel like this game has some potential but please put in the work to make it happen."
,Not Recommended,424370,32799869,Posted: 25 June,all,AngryChicken,"Good game but Too many bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥,"
76561198002117536,Not Recommended,424370,29352261,Posted: 19 January,all,bgsano,"Well, as much as I like this game, it is kinda platonic since i cannot even start it up with more than 5fps... on 4.4Ghz rig + GTX980... i strongly suggest you wait for later development :) I really can't understand the statement ""it is alpha"", I played other alphas and I can't even start Wolcen"
,Not Recommended,424370,23838985,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cognitive,"The game has potential, but there's especially 1 thing I don't like here: While they are taking paid from us to test the game for them, they don't even have any kind of working feedback system!Their website isn't working for feedback, I never got the required confirmation mail. The game itself has nothing for feedbacks.The game is full of bugs of all kinds, and the only way we have to report those bugs is to write them here in a review - after every update they post.This makes me skeptical to how polished this game will ever be."
,Not Recommended,424370,24074881,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,OhioMan,"Game is not ready to be released in my opinion. runs horrible and broken quests..Not worth my money yet, may purchase in future if this progressesI would not get it yet if i were you..requested refund."
76561198016391090,Not Recommended,424370,22054293,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,✪ Sir Rufus,"If you like D3 youll understand already how this game works. Its beautiful, but its too buggy to play at the moment. The combat looks good, will look better once it gets some patching. But on a personal level its not fun for me. All it made me do was reinstall D3."
76561198070992817,Recommended,424370,25762327,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sale,good game
76561198068931316,Not Recommended,424370,34416297,Posted: 22 August,all,exotrax,"The game has been release in March 24th and untill now the ranged attacks are broken.I asked in discord when this known issue will be fixed and they said next patch for sure.I know this is an EA , but they should not release it yet if 1/2 of the combat is broke and is taking months to fix it.So if you want enjoy the game and only be able to do melee combat , go and buy it,otherwise I advice you to wait another few months before ranged attack get fixed."
76561198098415043,Not Recommended,424370,29120572,Posted: 8 January,all,1UP,"(Not a full review; only 40 minutes of game time)Character creation needs to be improved big time. Looking at it I find the inclination to play something else.Thus, my review will consist of these helpful suggestions and indicate where improvement will be beneficial.1) There are like 6 haircuts and only 1 decent one. Other than a shaved head, it's hard to pick anything other than the 1 haircut. Honestly, they look like after-match haircuts of what could only be a hair pulling competition.2) One face to rule all faces. Only one, just one.3) The color sliders for skin and hair color.I can't for the life of me get any blonde hair but I can get a wide range of other strong rainbow colors. I think the spectrum needs adjustment. Perhaps including some standard colors in a side menu will help immensely.Regarding the skin, I can get pitch black skin like black marble but I can't seem to get anything paler than tanned asian. Please help.4) The slider for the body is too limited and the bones are oddly shaped. So oddly shaped in fact that the only way a human could look like that when starved is if they were the son of a gorilla. Perhaps different body types can be included? However, this is the issue of least concern among the 4 but should nonetheless be addressed."
,Not Recommended,424370,29460452,Posted: 24 January,all,Rédichoti,"This game will never be released.The devs just do items and enemies,don't even bother to create history,companions.Full of bugs,another eternal alpha ""game"".DO NOT BUY YET!!!"
76561198029216732,Not Recommended,424370,22064275,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Zombilicious,Has potential but atm horrible dont waste your money. Nothing works.
,Not Recommended,424370,22576030,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,bman32,"In Alpha stage but unplayable still, poor frame rates even at all low settings. I'd wait until they improve on things before playing it."
76561197964850386,Not Recommended,424370,25677287,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Seto,"It was too early to jump in. It looks pretty, but the mechanics behind the facade are rough. Its even difficult to click on NPCs withouf inadvertantly moving. Chartacter can get stuck in the environment. Personally, I shoukd have waited until this was backed more.I got lured in by the pretty graphics."
76561198075405203,Not Recommended,424370,28794299,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,vegrau,Need more time. I hope the development team will really go through with it.But honestly graphic is good and it got potential.
76561198254150936,Not Recommended,424370,31066547,Posted: 10 April,all,没声音,希望开发人员解决了Memory Manager could not access CrySystem.dll(check working directory)直接在文件内部启动游戏就出现窗口› Deceit.exe无法定位程序输入点api-ms-win-crt-pri...求给具体解决答案
76561198098794123,Not Recommended,424370,22029879,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,filandrinos,"Well, i guess I was hoping for something at least semi playable. Granted I am running it on a Lenovo y700 laptop but has GTX 960M card and with everything set to low still cannot have anything close to smooth for movement. This computer handles Grim Dawn at max setttings just fine. And yes I am playing 0.1 Alpha.Thumbs down. Probably better to just give acccess to your backers next time until you have something a bit more playable."
76561198032685706,Not Recommended,424370,33475475,Posted: 12 July,all,Obsidian Gryphon,"For $20 I don't expect much. The graphics are nice. I haven't made much progress because the game keeps crashing. I won't be touching this game again until they have finished it.Right now, I can list what I don't like.* no quicksave / save. it's all autosaves* umbra used for two purposes; casting spells and combat. Why are they even tied together?* clunky camera movements and no way to rebind the control for it, no way to control turn speedAt the moment, I can't recommend it."
76561198026561976,Not Recommended,424370,29179362,Posted: 11 January,all,Darius Gabriel Black,"So, I bought the game, got a refund, and then bought it again.I regret buying it almost every time I play it.I understand that it's still alpha. The bugs and crashes don't bother me. The lack of content doesn't bother me. The choppy animations bother me, but I expect that will be fixed eventually. This is all standard stuff for alpha.What bothers me is that the game appears to be a cookie cutter PoE clone. It's just another run of the mill fantasy ARPG. I don't see many risks being taken to evolve the genre. There's orcs and undead. There's heavy armor, medium armor and light armor. Spells, agility and strength based skills. Spellcasters, rogues and warriors. All standard fantasy fare, with hardly any ingenuity or creativity.The passive skill trees will need to be modified. While visually impressive, it's actually quite limiting. Due to the wheel configuration, there are many combinations that are not possible. Every combination should be possible, and you just can't do this on a wheel. You need to be able to choose any combination of skill tiers, not just the one's that fit on this wheel.I can't wait for better animations (smoother, more polished), better enemy AI, and more optimization (I can run D3 very smoothly on my crappy old computer - I should be able to run Wolcen on lower settings just as well).I've got the game now - I'm stuck with it. It's certainly not bad, it's basically a better looking PoE, I just wish it was more interesting."
76561198053784780,Not Recommended,424370,33919556,Posted: 30 July,all,gow117,fun game if they finish this game its going to be good as of  now its pretty much just one real boss
,Recommended,424370,25589636,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Solaire of Astora,You know the feeling when you see a hot girl but she's too young to ****?You will have the exact feeling when you play this game. You will have to wait for some time..
76561197960389179,Not Recommended,424370,34896431,Posted: 12 September,all,Funky,Simple if u pay for a game u cant play its a bad game.The game crashes all time need faster hotfixes on those mistakes.
,Not Recommended,424370,32739036,Posted: 24 June,all,NasiPuti,Doesn't even boot.This is barely a tech demo at this point. I can't remember the last time a game didn't boot.I'd wait at least 6 months until after this review date if you want anything like a half-finished game experience.
,Not Recommended,424370,28790603,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Herbie2100,"First quest: Item was not there, had to restart.(assault wagon)Second quest: cant get to it, monster(ghaul) to strong(old ruins)"
,Not Recommended,424370,22040101,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MTGA,even survival games are in a better state when launched on steam as early accessyup.
,Not Recommended,424370,32884845,Posted: 27 June,all,Ashleen,cant running the game dk why :/
76561198070459766,Not Recommended,424370,31408216,Posted: 27 April,all,sol,Terrible. Doesn't work after so many months of trial. I want my money back!!!
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,424370,32009816,Posted: 27 May,all,pbigdawg30,"same old♥♥♥♥♥♥kill this go here etc. nothing special! Game has a good price, graphics are good, story I can not tell you about because it is bugged on the 2nd quest (I can not turn it in) a lot of bugs (I understand it is EA) but mobs are to strong my char seems to be very under powered and most of the time the bugs in the game will kill me (stuck in the floor or stuck in place and cant move not a skill that i can tell from mobs just stuck lol). At this stage I can not suggest anyone to purchase this game (even for $20). I will keep an eye on it and update my review later."
76561198036952668,Not Recommended,424370,34746686,Posted: 4 September,all,Baker8,"Not at all what I had expected...I had recently played SCL (Sword Coast Legends) the game play in that game is far superior to Wolcen, combat and play not fun at all, I got bored after the first few minutes."
76561198385256686,Not Recommended,424370,33366685,Posted: 8 July,all,1004cal,"road bug-stuck,  crash, too much stressful"
,Not Recommended,424370,22438159,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Drama,"The game is laggy, no pots , no online multiplayer , not telling u where the sales men is and so on.Just meh game atm, hope it will be better in time, but prob will refund."
76561198021487140,Not Recommended,424370,31419041,Posted: 28 April,all,kmb1995,"I cant recommed this in its current state maybe when its released i will see, refund requested"
76561198059427192,Recommended,424370,22023418,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,RZA my nigga,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this trash? doesnt even save my setting and game crashes every five ♥♥♥♥ing minutes and my character got deleted how the ♥♥♥♥ am i supposed to get siq lootz??
76561198050287710,Not Recommended,424370,30496052,Posted: 13 March,all,voiceofone,"It is Like Gauntlet, Period!Wander around while Hordes of bad guys beat you down. You run back ,and forth to the old town re-supplying, then back out you go.This concept has been along Almost as long as me not quite!I paid for it yesterday, 90% of all the bad guys were dead by 8pm. I hacked it with ease there you go. Might last longerif you don't do that if so Say hello to the goblin King again for me."
,Not Recommended,424370,31985432,Posted: 26 May,all,rethil,"beautiful. well designed. great gameplay.in all honesty this is an amazing game if you like being alone.as for me and many of my friends that play PoE/Divinity/and other games collectivly, we have been waiting monthes to play this game because there is NO multiplayer yet, and no forseeable future for it other than the devs saying its on their ""to do list""after countless unworthy patches for minor insignificant updates, still no mention of when we will be able to play multiplayer, and until there is, i will never recommend this game"
76561198059401527,Not Recommended,424370,24396020,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,☢ᶠᶸᶜᵏoƒƒ ☢☠,the game is not ready yet
,Not Recommended,424370,32410946,Posted: 14 June,all,Dizis,"20$ is just too much for now, that's all."
76561198150799387,Recommended,424370,32663558,Posted: 22 June,all,Bumbabee,lol
76561198061625362,Not Recommended,424370,31750679,Posted: 14 May,all,Canad1an,"In the very beginning of the game , when i get to the light to exit the cave or whatever .. i cant even pass my character gets stuck... same thing happens at the very beginning of character creation ... wtf lol   25$ down the drain"
76561198053844197,Not Recommended,424370,30677491,Posted: 22 March,all,who ha 32,WHEN I HIT PLAY  GAME STARTS AND CRASHES AT LOADING SCREEN ANY ONE ELSE HAVEING THIS PROBLEM
76561198054535478,Not Recommended,424370,33010835,Posted: 29 June,all,GP50,Any plans for controller support?  If not then this will be a refund game.
76561198353422028,Not Recommended,424370,31492811,Posted: 1 May,all,mmathews09,This game is visually awesome with a lot of detail to everything. The game play looks really good and the skill tree lets you do so much it's pretty crazy. However i would not recomend this game to my friends. I love my MMORPGs even the hack and slash RPGs like this one. i just can't get over the movement. i have never liked the click to move around thing nor do i like having a fixed camera angle. I could probably get over that but im a ASDW lover of movement. Not a lot of voice acting so that means a Lot of reading to get into the story. Paid $20 for this game but i probably wont play it very much at all. Over all i rate it a Meh out of yay.
76561198135493999,Not Recommended,424370,31825577,Posted: 18 May,all,Q8mmoo,Regret buying it
76561198354355521,Not Recommended,424370,34216421,Posted: 13 August,all,SeekTheReaper,"Add WASD movement as an option and ill rebuy. untill then its staying refunded. i dont ♥♥♥♥ with mouse movement, you dont even give us the ability to choose."
76561198056191229,Not Recommended,424370,23391656,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jpwetzelxm15,Dont not waste your money on this game worthless!
76561198020472322,Not Recommended,424370,31586055,Posted: 6 May,all,White Negro,ı want my money back
76561198297640998,Not Recommended,424370,26080582,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ScarletXVI,"I strongly suggest you to play the game, you will be fun if you witness a game that even devs do not care the quality.My computer can run Skyrim with ENBs, but I can not play this game in a reason of extremely low FPS, even I select lowest graphics options. Maybe I need to have a Crisis-standard computer to play a game has 1/10 graphic quality as Crisis.I created a female character, but my portrait is a guy. YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
76561198033168410,Not Recommended,424370,28113953,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,johnny,WASTE OF MONEY. HOW DO I GET REFUND?
76561198127664568,Recommended,424370,30795322,Posted: 28 March,all,gREYwalker,"brings back medieval fantasy games,,hope i have good GPU for me to play it better,,awesome graphics!!"
,Recommended,424370,30783590,Posted: 27 March,all,Svartsjö,"Do you crave an updated version of Diablo 2? Do you like a lot of elements found in PoE? Do you enjoy killing a bunch of baddies and creating piles of wealth to sit on in your own furnished abode (throne and all!)? Do you like the idea of multiclassing however you want within a system that makes this inherently balanced?if yes, then please support this game. Even in Alpha I'm enjoying it more than Diablo 3. I would compare it to PoE (there's no denying that there's some overlap in game mechanics here), except I just like this more than PoE.I cannot wait to see how this game progresses. I've been wanting to play an ARPG like this for ages. Worth the money even in Alpha"
,Recommended,424370,23912539,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,qutalce,"TL;DR: At first I couldnt recommend since the game wasn't working, but based on one of the devs. trying to actively help me fix the problem. I changed to actually recommending the game, While it still isn't working for me, they are aware of what might be causing it and are trying 2 fix it.I really wana recomend this game and give it a positive review. However as it is, i can't do that. when i first got it, the game ran fine. But after an update the game will not even start up any more. I really want to play this game, since it looks absolutely amazing. However untill its fixed so i can actually start it up again, i can't give it a positive review nor can i recomend it. If it is fixed so that way I can acutally start it up and play it again, then i will revise my review and be able 2 recomend it. To be fair I'm sure it's a great game, since the little bit I got to play was rather fun. Yes i also made sure to do what the Devs. suggested about verifying game integrity (probably misspelled it).The little bit that I did play howerver was great, espically since the game is still in Alpha, im sure once it gets finished it will be absolutely AMAZING. Also I've even tried uninstall / reinstalling it, sadly that didnt help. (I've had games that I've had to do that for before in the past).It is worth a risk however to try to see if you can get it to play, though I wouldnt pay full price for it ATM. =(Edit: ok so based on the fact that one of the devs. actually went out of his/her  way to try to help me get the game running makes supporting them worth it. While it currently still isn't actually working for me, at least I know that they are actively trying to fix the problem. I honestly can't wait to be able to play it again. For those of you that have played Diablo, Diablo 2, well in the alpha phase its actually on par with those games, if not better. Also unlike some of the other early access games i've played, the devs. acutally pay attention to the reviews and try to actively help ppl get it up and running."
76561198022897290,Recommended,424370,30773322,Posted: 27 March,all,Kalech,"I bought this game and played it briefly, but ended up returning it because I didn't realize at the time (this was a while back) just how early alpha it was. That said, I am so hyped for this game. It's gorgeous and fun to play. The Devs make steady progression and release plenty of updates to let us know what they're working on.I'm waiting a bit longer before I buy it again, perhaps for a beta, but I am absolutely going to get it. It's worth keeping your eye on."
76561198086816577,Recommended,424370,30869183,Posted: 31 March,all,okidoki,Been waiting for an arpg with style. Or maybe my computer has more then I. Keep the goodwork up!
76561198197988415,Recommended,424370,24617200,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,sk1g80,I really like this game!  yes its just like Diablo 3 and the graphics are insane!  i just wish it had controller support.  If these guys can do to this game like Blizzard did to Diablo 3 with a controller I will be very happy.
76561198038862043,Recommended,424370,31188345,Posted: 16 April,all,[Itz]Havok,"This is an alpha release with alo of potential. Alot of elements are still missing, like a minimap for dungeons. The class building is unique, the loot is decent and the graphics are nice. Can only hit level 20 whish is fine for now and there's only 3 quests you can complete. I am a little disapointed in how far behind the alpha is in giving new content and a braoider stroke of the game but the game is fun none the less... can't wait until they release more gameplay so I can start playing again."
76561198003189450,Recommended,424370,30845113,Posted: 30 March,all,Kruicen,"(Sacred)POSTED: 30 NOVEMBER, 2013Graphics - 4 / 5The graphics may not offer super realistic lighting, shadows,or even decent effects.. But it still looks clean,and comes together very nicely.Sound - 3/5The quality of the sound & music in Sacred is quite horrible,to say the least, it's not bad enough to be game breaking,but it's certainly annoying.Gameplay - 5 / 5Sacred offers hundreds of quests scattered in a humongous world.which you can explore with up to 8 different classes,each class changing the beginning of the storyline campaign.Multiplayer - 5 / 5 (LAN only since online servers are now put down)While the online multiplayer was still alive, it was second to nothing.The entire game is available as co-op/pvp with up to 16 players.""I give this game a 5 out of 5.Because it's not always about shiny graphics and HD sound quality.It's the gameplay that makes this the best open-world RPG ever made.""That post was made by another steam player and I thought it relevant to my notion and experience from trying this game out. The graphics are nice and yes there is a lot of potential but most often or not potential can turn to stagnant disappointment. Honestly for this game I am hopeful that this does not happen for a few reasons... one is at the start of the game when you create your char, you are presented with a customizable char male or female not unlike some of the more indepth MMORPG's. I like this and there are countless games where gender lock... or everyone looks the same its just a turn off for me and makes the game bland. So with that said I love where they could go with that and I hope they put more craft and care into that concept of makeing ones char truly unique because at this moment I cannot come to mind of any AARPG who has done that. I think a lot of players who enjoy a good AARPG are looking for something fresh, new ideas not the same thing every other game does. This game has a lot of work a head of its self to be able to compete with games like Grim Dawn, Diablo franchise, Sacred 1&2 I wont mention the 3rd... we all know why.  But hey if you like the idea and want to see it come to fruition ""maybe"" then why not support an idea or concept you like."
76561198078063918,Recommended,424370,29170011,Posted: 10 January,all,Taolaen,"I like everything about this. The look, the feel... but I'm running at an almost constant 8 fps. I'd be content with 20 at this point, just to get further into the game. That's the only thing that needs fixing as far as I'm concerned. When that changes I'll whole-heartedly support EVERYone buying it."
76561198145881658,Recommended,424370,22734086,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Narukami,"**Updated Review***Thumbs Up from down on launch.I am quite impressed with the latest update.Finally this is feeling like quite the game.It is still a bit quirky at times and something just doesnt feel just right however, I want to keep playing which is good from before.The skills are descent although I would like to see more skill choice, perhaps skill that can only be obtained via the tree.Loot is still lacking at least regarding Boss kills. Getting gold is meh, perhaps a .25% chance on a yellow from a boss kill would be nice.I know the game is not being rushed and I hope it stays that way. Do it right as you are now.I had no in game crashes, i did however find an area in the south where I click on some stairs and it ports me to the top and then i can not move. I went back again after porting to town and the next time around i still could not move but there was a mob at a distance i could attack and kill. Unsure if this an area I am not supposed to be in or not. The game did crash as it has always for me when I exit to main menu.Hopefully some descent updates are coming but, no Rush. This game is Promising and a big Thumbs up. Give it a go, it is worth the buy."
,Recommended,424370,31104028,Posted: 12 April,all,Cirflow,Looks to be great but not really playable online yet lots of crashing issues. Played the offline mode to exploration mission and I love what I have seen thusfar. Considering this is alpha I have high hopes for this being the next Diablo replacement!
,Recommended,424370,26736672,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ShorTyy,"This game is amazing.In such an infant stage, it is already becoming a pit for me to sink my time into. The world is gorgeous and the action is plenty. The devs are quickly updating this game, throwing massive amounts of content into the game with each patch. I can already tell this game will be going far.This is an Alpha so I am not sure why a lot of reviews are complaining about the CURRENT state of the game when this is about helping them improve their game so they can transition to beta, and hopefully, full release! Everyone who is negative towards this game needs to approach it with a different perspective. If you do not want to ride along with the devs as the improve it and add features, do not buy this and then write a negative comment on the game because it didn't fit your expectations.These guys are kickin♥♥♥♥♥with this game and it will be great to see where they end up! Thank you to the devs for really driving this game to the next level."
76561197978381846,Recommended,424370,32797675,Posted: 25 June,all,Cageymaru,"Performance issues so far make the game ""laggy"" but I to be honest I didn't turn down a setting as the game just looked so good.  It starts off slow as the starter weapon isn't very interesting.  Stick with it until you get to leave the first town to rescue one of the brothers.  The loot suddenly starts dropping, skill points start coming online, and all hell breaks loose!The game is good but screams ""Early Access"".  If you are wishing for a finished product, add it to your wishlist and track its progress through development.  CryEngine makes this game look absolutely stunning and is easily the best looking ARPG on the planet.  With that said there are bugs and if you can't stand them; WAIT!  Let the developers continue working their magic."
,Recommended,424370,32783534,Posted: 25 June,all,Officer McDoogle,Was impressed after opening up menues and looking at the skill lines and how customizable they are. combat is nice takes some getting used to with the rage/umbra resources. only complaint is that if you let loot sit on the ground for too long it wont allow you to pick it up. if its just me then theres no complaints at all. UPDATE: i figured out to just hit alt to make the items on floor to become collectable again. they dont let the items clutter your screen so you can fight instead of accidetally picking up an item
76561198268831524,Recommended,424370,32804953,Posted: 26 June,all,パコ,"well... it's a very great Game, the Graphic are very amazing even if its in low mode...but, it's NOT recomended for Low Spec PCya, pokoknya gitu lah :v"
76561198091161591,Recommended,424370,32800646,Posted: 25 June,all,Squishy089,"After the new update 5.0 I absolutely love what you guys did with it. It's a big change from the last version. I played all the way through the story for part 1. It's a good challenge. Got to the last boss and the king spawn 1,000,000 army soldiers and I still managed to beat the guy.... How?! Not entirely sure. My frame rate dropped to 4 and after I hit him with the last blow instantly back up to 60fps. I started playing this when it first came out and I have to say they devs are great and hard workers. Constantly updating and improving the game. Highly recommend this game for anyone who likes ARPGs. I honestly believe this game with be just as big as path, Diablo, and any other top ARPGs games. GREAT JOB GUYs!"
76561197970511102,Recommended,424370,32799662,Posted: 25 June,all,Murlen,"Very impressed with this game in early release. I love Diablo and this is better IMHO. The graphics are great, the weapons and spell effects are fun and engaging. The little I have explored so far I have really enjoyed. Looking forward to the updates and final release.I believe I have found my new favorite game."
76561198007167366,Recommended,424370,32770359,Posted: 25 June,all,Specx,"I like the way this game is going.The combat is fun,i like the skilltree and the skills with individual upgrades and the graphics are on point.The only negative things i can say are, that it's crashing alot right now for me and the performance could be better.You should know that that this is definitely early access so don't expect a finished game.I have my fun with it and can't wait until it's finished even when this might take another few years."
,Recommended,424370,32850947,Posted: 27 June,all,MaskedpENGUiN,"I really love it, I know it is a WIP and so I hope they would take some feedback into account... the game looks amazing (graphics) I love the lighting and everything, love the leveling, loot and the design of the game. Just a few things though I hope they add the ability to set WASD as move controls, also when you cast spells your magic bar goes down but the rage goes up accordingly, so basically you cast spells until you are out of magic then your rage is full so you go and use your rage ability, then your rage is empty but your magic is full again and you repeat... makes it a little easy hope you guys can look into balancing it properly but overall great work and I would reccomend it to anyone who is considering it."
76561198016122089,Recommended,424370,22023817,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Romulus,"I really don't know where to start.... Way to early to relase this yet. Poor FPS. The menu in the game looks like my little girl made it. Everytime you logout and login you'll have to start in the beginning of the game, like where you start a new char. I can keep going on and on.. Don't buy it just yet, wait until they patch and update in the upcoming years.**Update** 6/27/17I have to say WOW what a great game it's coming to. Thumbs Up for sure. Alot has been done since I did this last review. New world, New gameplay, Runs great!"
76561198307719694,Recommended,424370,24785492,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,The Crab,This game is awesome. It is up there with Grim Dawn and POE. The spells are amazing.
,Recommended,424370,29173633,Posted: 10 January,all,DyLan89,"before you read, understand, this game shows amazing promise. simply amazing. great idea, the action is great, deep combat system, decent skill system, everything you could ask for in a hack and slash, and then some. however, this is not the game to get right now. its, i won't say broken, but... very very unfinished and unpolished. 5 minutes in you get crashes, dungeons are almost uncompletable without freeze.. not enjoyable. very unstable, skills freeze leaving you unable to move. when it works its amazing, but it doesnt work more often then not and becomes a frustration experience. i will edit my review once the game is complete or periodically during its updates. --original reviewedited review:after a few months almost a year of work, this game has come a long way. many bugs i had issue with have been fixed, the game is muuuuuch more playable, still not complete but fills the gaming void for me atleast. id say its at the point to give it a try for most, however if you're a diehard gamer, id wait."
76561198091472041,Recommended,424370,34603864,Posted: 30 August,all,kingwill,makes fun and has alot of potential to be an amazing game in the future. Would buy it again.if you enjoyed d2/grim dawn then buy it and support the development.Already has some content in it.Killing stuff makes fun also nice animation and spells so far.
76561198042350353,Recommended,424370,34393661,Posted: 21 August,all,Kencaid8219,The game looks amazing. The game play is fun and different enough from other games like it to make it stand out. I cant wait for the finished product if the Alpha is this much fun.
