user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,424840,31485136,Posted: 1 May,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 9.2 / 10Quality9.7/10Quality productPerformance10/10No bugs or crashes; Flawless performance, low requirementsUtility9/10Graphic options; Steam cloud save; No Linux/Mac version yetControls10/10Full pad support; Precise, intuitive controls (kb+m inferior)Gameplay9/102.5D stealth platformer with simple enviromental puzzlesChallenge9/10Enjoyable difficulty; Very hard final goal: ""<1h, 0 deaths""-runContent8/102-4h per playthrough; High replayability thanks to tight designDiversity9/10Thouroughly fun gameplay with frequently changing locationsImmersion10/10Very atmospheric; No disturbing UI elements; Perfect tempoDesign9/10An artistic masterpiece with nearly perfect game designVisuals10/10Incredible, painstakingly polished visuals overall. Amazing!Sound9/10Nice SFX and sparse, but brilliant OST; No dialogs fits perfectlyTextsN/AThe mysterious, metaphoric story is told through gameplay onlyMapping8/10Many (small), connected 2.5D rooms; Neat ideas and great designInterface9/10Pretty main menu, besides that a HUD-less, highly immersive UIAdditional Notes:🎮I strongly recommend using a controller!🌙Best played at night time with the lights off.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzMSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDController: Microsoft Xbox 360Settings: UltraIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
76561197967322808,Not Recommended,424840,34348427,Posted: 19 August,all,Thanatoaster,"The store page really needs to say in big words at the top:DOES NOT WORK WITH A BROAD RANGE OF AMD CPUs.Because otherwise, people might buy the game but not play it for a couple months and then be well outside the refund window and stuck with a game that requires a cpu + mobo change to play. And that would be terrible."
,Recommended,424840,32219322,Posted: 6 June,all,Edtron,Little NightmaresSpirited Away vibes.Pros:Creepy atmosphere.Top-notch soundtrack!Controls are simple and easy to learn.Unreal Engine 4 makes this game look amazing.Story is interesting and leaves much to be desired.Cons:Not worth $20. (Get it on sale.)This story is way TOO short. (4 hours MAX.)The depth of field made platforming difficult at times.Overall Rating:8/10
76561198034138902,Recommended,424840,31437736,Posted: 29 April,all,MrTrippy,"A fun little side-scroller that reminds me a lot of Limbo. The art style and overall feel of the game is very dark and creepy, I was drawn in within the first minutes! It even made me jump a few times as the game does a great job of building tension and filling you with a feeling of dread!I dont really have anything bad to say about the game other than the price is a little steep for a short game. If you're used to games like this and puzzle solving you will likely finish it in around 90 minutes, it took me just over 2 hours. So just be warned that if you like to get 10+ hours out of games, you wont here unless its through playing it again."
,Recommended,424840,33358936,Posted: 7 July,all,SoullessMuffin,Pros: A masterpieceCons: A short masterpiece
76561198041924801,Recommended,424840,31499516,Posted: 1 May,all,Holy Athena,"If you've read a few reviews, you'll see a trend. People saying ""I really like this game! but..."" And that's how I feel about it too.. I can't quite put my finger on it. It hits me in so many right ways, yet.... Before I go right into the review, I'll say I'd give it a 7/10. However it is NOT worth 20$ by any means. I beat the game in 2 hours. give or take 10 minutes, and there's no replay value. With that being said..It does what it says, hits all your childhood horrors, scares you in a way that's ""under your skin"" rather than outright horror. It's creepy horror, the horror that's subtle, yet in your face at the same time. The eerie, creepy levels are extraordinarly well done. Gameplay movement and flow is very exceptional as well. It's hard to describe the experience, but it's an experience you don't get often in a game, or so well done, therefore I'm still giving it a thumbs up, because it did it with such incredible perfection.However...There's still alot to be wanting. The story itself is.. well is there a story? I don't really think there is, perhaps THAT is the replay value, figuring out what the story is.. So many questions left to be answered, yet.. the game doesn't make me want to go back and play it again.There are ""Bosses"" or ""things"" to avoid in each chapter. Janitor, Chef, Fat people, and the Lady. All of which are very easy to figure out how they were programmed to react to you and their surroundings. Once you figure this out.. They don't become scary anymore. Which unfortunately is a staple moment the game attempts to bring to you. After awhile, they become an obstacle, rather than a scary thing to avoid.The puzzles are also very easy to figure out.Ontop of that, it seems as they went on they started to rush the chapters, as each chapter gets shorter and shorter. Not sure if it was designed this way or what, but it was a little disappointing. 45% of my two hours was in the first chapter, 25% in the second chapter, and the last 30% in the last 2 chapters. The last chapter taking me little less than 20 minutes to get through.Despite all that, I""d still give it a 7/10 for how well it was put together, and the eerie vibes, and locales it gives you. However, I'd wait until it becomes available for 10$, definetly worth 10$, but not 20$."
,Recommended,424840,32041044,Posted: 29 May,all,Kourgette,"Pro:- Awesome game, albeit a bit short.- The story is really dark and full of plot twists, if you like horror games you will love the atmosphere!- This is not a manichean game with nice people on one side and bad people on the other, which is really interesting.- Not too hard, really pleasant to play.Con:- Maybe the lack of explanation, but that's also nice to have your own interpretation of the storyI'm really hoping for a Little Nightmares 2 :)"
,Recommended,424840,31465107,Posted: 30 April,all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Little Nightmares is a small atmospheric side-scroller horror game.The player takes control of Six and must help her to escape The Maw, ""a vast, mysterious vessel inhabited by corrupted souls looking for their next meal.""The game has 5 chapters, each with a different theme.There are several deformed creatures that stand in your path towards the escape and Six is armed with nothing more than a lighter, so there is no means of combat at all.The graphics are very good.The sound delivers a great atmosphere.The only negative aspect from my point of view is the duration of the game. It can be finished in less than 1 hour.Some people mentioned that they experience stuttering or can not even start the game at all, for me it was playable without any problems at all, absolutely smooth.Little Nightmares has good balance in introducing horror without ever being too scary, so it is perfect for people who actually does not play often or never touched horror games before.I can absolutely recommend Little Nightmares to everyone. If the price is too much for you in relation to the duration of the game, you should place it on your wishlist and wait for a sale to get it.Sounds 9/10Graphics 9/10Gameplay 8/10Atmosphere 9/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Recommended,424840,34565918,Posted: 28 August,all,thetnel,"Here's a quick, little platform-puzzle game somewhat in the same vein as ""Limbo"" and ""Inside"".As a whole, I really liked this game... much like I enjoyed playing Limbo and Inside. Simple, platform-driven puzzles. Challenges that are compartmentalized from room to room. Relatively short game (my playtime was probably around the 2-hour marker). And a story thats isn't spoon fed to your, but gradually -- and mysteriously -- unravels through the gameplay.If I had to rank this game against the other two (""Limbo"" and ""Inside""), I think it just ekes out the competition. In fairness, they probably stand neck-and-neck in terms of challenge and overall fun, but what I really appreciated about ""Little Nightmares"" was the environment and character design.♥♥♥♥♥♥s just so creepy, yet so beautiful. Probably helps the game is running on Unreal 4 game engine, but god-damn is it gorgeous.While this is not going to be my top game of 2017, it will rank high. And I would certainly recommend playing it if you're into puzzle platformers. Now, whether it's worth $20... that's debatable."
76561198113368675,Recommended,424840,31404168,Posted: 27 April,all,Andy,Tim Burton would be proud. 10/10
,Recommended,424840,31520176,Posted: 3 May,all,Intelligence,"Amazing game. Loved it from start to finish. While it may be very short in hindsight, I feel like I got my money's worth.Very cute, creepy, bizarre and shocking all at the same time. Highly recommend anyone to play this."
,Not Recommended,424840,31411964,Posted: 28 April,all,Jehsun,"I had decent hopes for this game, but ultimately was let down by a short and shallow gameplay experience. The game took me about 2 hours to complete and lacked any real difficulty. Puzzles are extremely simple and require very little thought to be completed. The only thing I'd say this game has going for it is it's striking visuals which I still love regardless. I feel as though this game was intentionally made to be long enough just so that you cannot refund the game, especially with the incredibly long unskippable credits which gets slower and slower the more you try to get skip it(very noticably). You must go through it to get an extra cinematic at the end. When i say slows down I cannot exaggerate it got to the point where it would move up the screen at a rate of what seems like 10 pixels a second... absolutely ridiculous maybe intentionally done to lengthen the game up a bit...Pros:- Visuals- Runs smooth through the entirety of the gameCons:- Incredibly short (2 hours)-  Annoying controls (analog directly left doesnt always translate to moving exactly left so you can fall off objects parallell to screen for whatever reason)- No difficulty- Shallow puzzlesThings to note:- Game isn't what I'd call scary so if you wanted to be scared be aware of thatI really wanted to enjoy this game but I just couldn't so I'll end off on this, if you are only looking for a game that looks nice and just want to go through a game without worrying about facing any challenge mayeb you can enjoy this game, but I would then only buy it when its on sale. Otherwise Dont bother you'll end up $20 poorer and be just as disappointed as I was. :("
76561198074903598,Recommended,424840,31405840,Posted: 27 April,all,River,"Great game, great story. The animations are seemless and just great to look at. If you like stealth/puzzle games, this is foryou! However the game only took two hous to complete...but still worth the price as you can see how much effort has gone into this game."
76561197977551282,Recommended,424840,34568019,Posted: 28 August,all,Burn Ward,"It's short, but what's there is almost perfect."
,Recommended,424840,31533409,Posted: 3 May,all,SIXGHz,"If Tim Burton and Limbo had a baby, this would be it. Pacing is perfect IMO, no real puzzles besides figuring out how to navigate through the twisted world, and it works great. Creepy, gorgeous, disturbing, and cute. Must play for fans of the aforementioned."
,Recommended,424840,31538850,Posted: 4 May,all,Marfy McMarfy,"Much like my sex life this game is short, sweet, terrifying, intense and with just a hint of Tim Burton-esque inspired horror. Unlike my sex life it is highly recommended."
,Recommended,424840,31452999,Posted: 29 April,all,SpookySaesnia,I only wanted to eat the sausage... Rest in peace little guy.
76561197970687383,Recommended,424840,31404635,Posted: 27 April,all,A Nameless Ghoul,"ok after an hour, i think i can tell this is going places. should the experience change completely i will change my review of course, but as it is right now:this is horror puzzle plattforming at it's best.it reminds me a lot of limbo and even more so: inside (which was my favourite game of 2016) and even tho i am generally not into plattformers or puzzle games too much, this is just great.amazing graphics and sound build a hopeless and still beautifully bleak atmosphere that the game design and mechanics emphasize. you are helpless in this bizzare world and you know and feel it every moment.the lighting, sparse music and sounds make it scarier that expected - but everyone that saw the trailer knows what they got themselves into.it is running on unreal engine 4 which should result in a good scalability and will probably make it run ok on most systems. that it ran fine on mine won't necessarly mean it will do so on every other system, but i think the unreal engine should be ok with most peoples setup.the controlls are more or less standard, with the only thing that is really different is that you got to manually hold on to ledges and things (will most likely be very important later on i bet) and that you can actually move the camera a tad to maybe get a glimpse of what's coming up (or after you?). what sets it appart from limbo or inside plattformers is the fact that you can move in the third dimension a bit. so it is more of 2,5 D instead of 'only' 2D.the game does not tell you much of what is expected of you or how things will work, so you will have to figure out stuff on your own. and not just how the puzzles are to be solved but some of the basic ideas behind the game are obsure as well. if you can't get into that kind of mindset this may not be too much to your liking. but if you want to explore, experience and  find clues and sectrets you will have a great time.tl;dr:+ stunning visuals and lighting+ spooky sounds and music+ eerie and bizzare design+ no handholding- controlls that you may have to get used to- scary af- no handholdingso a very clear and resounding: GO GET IT if you liked the trailers!"
76561198050684944,Recommended,424840,31528946,Posted: 3 May,all,Jynn,"Captivating and creepy, with a unique atmosphere and art style that really makes the world you are playing through all the more intriguing and yet frightening.Filled with tense moments that had me tensed up in my chair as I willed my little character, Six, to run faster, as well as moments of peace where you can take in the sheer amount of detail packed into each level.A vague story that provides more questions than answers, and leaves you wanting to know more about this world you're in. Here's hoping we seem some additional Lore from the Developers, because I really want to know!The length is a bit short, and for some that is just unforgivable, but I tend to view games by how much fun I had to play them, and how well made it is, not by calculating how many dollars per hour I'm getting. So, potential buyer, take that as you will! I know I don't regret my purchase.Pros:- Wonderful atmosphere and level design- Super creepy characters- Genuine tense moments as you flee for your life or cower helplessly under something- Music that is well done and fitting to the theme- A story and world that leaves you craving more information and answersCons:- Length is a bit short- I wouldn't mind a few more answers about the world itself =P"
76561198120513479,Recommended,424840,32363661,Posted: 12 June,all,Orazia,"This game is amazing. It is so beautiful and atmospheric, the puzzles are interesting and it is a lot of deversity to them. The only negative thing is that it only take a few hours to finish even if you explore a lot and try to make it last. And I feel like there should be a few more chapters for free for the ones who bought the game when it first came out.BUT. I love this game a lot still, and yes it is a bit expensive for that few hours, but I do not regret getting it at all.Well done game devs, you should be proud of making such a great game and I can tell you put a lot of time and effort into it! <3"
,Recommended,424840,31784992,Posted: 16 May,all,Ushio,spooooky but good <3too bad the game is kinda short
76561198008991328,Recommended,424840,31889220,Posted: 21 May,all,Bookoowookoo,"Cant say enough good about this game. From the art style to atmosphere, gameplay, characters, storyline, music. All top notch. Just ends too soon ;(PLEASE HAVE A LITTLE NIGHTMARES 2!"
,Recommended,424840,34583933,Posted: 29 August,all,Norum,"The only nightmare here, is the price of this game.but seriously though. it's really expensive, as it is a short game.I have 29 hours in it, as I have all the achievements in the game.And now, there is nothing to do.Just have to wait for the next part to be released.Don't get me wrong, I love this game.But there is just so little content."
,Recommended,424840,31510894,Posted: 2 May,all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},"Great game. Everything was nailed from the gameplay to the music.Only wish it was longer, would kill to play more of this.It's limbo but with some colour and deph though you can't help but feel that they we flaggin a little towards the end with regrads to the story.performance: 10/10sound quality : 10/10graphics quality :10/10control :10/10"
,Recommended,424840,31403630,Posted: 27 April,all,Dknighter,"This game is absolutely incredible and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a horror platformer with some puzzle elements. The art style is one of the best I've seen, everything was amazingly designed and very creepy. The soundtrack is one of the creepiest things I've listened to but it was perfect and really added to the atmosphere which was superb. Only 2 hours long but it's definitely a 10/10.DLC: The Depths DLC is very good, only 1 chapter so far though. It's much more creepier than the main game and links in well.Running very smooth on 4k ultra with no frame drops and it looks stunning."
76561198005853260,Not Recommended,424840,31465481,Posted: 30 April,all,jersey5.0,"Really fun game.  Awesome atmosphere, intersting concept, and fun.I gotta give it a no on recommendation, though.  Far too short.  I didn't rush any part, and it only took me MAYBE 3 hours.  For $20, it needs to be quite a bit longer.As the final scenes were playing out, I thought to myself, ""there's no way it's already done, this must be a mid-game cutscene.  Sure enough, it was done....Awesome game, just no $20 worth of value."
76561198048974498,Recommended,424840,31820993,Posted: 18 May,all,rjmacready,"Roll over, Playdead!Well...maybe not quite. But this is certainly the closest thing I've seen to the makers of Limbo and Inside having a legit competitor in the spooky side-scrolling puzzle-platformer stakes. Sure there's some other efforts which got a fair part of the way there - the underrated Feist and Buddy both spring immediately to mind - but this is the first game where I can safely say, ""You like Playdead? I can almost GUARANTEE you will love this one to bits too."" To say that Tarsier Studios has learned a trick or two from the other company is an understatement, but it's by no means a case of simple plagiarism.For starters, this game does something no Playdead game has done before: it's full-blown 3D, as opposed to the equally lovely-looking 2.5D. As well as moving left and right, our protagonist can move up and down, albiet in fairly limited three-dimensional spaces (so all you every-game-must-be-open-world whiners can just kindly ♥♥♥♥ off, as with almost every other game I like). It's also a bit more of a stealth-horror game than either Playdead effort, with many sequences in which you're trying to solve a puzzle or find an item while being perpetually badgered by something ten times your size which can crush you in a single mighty fist. The game furthermore has its own distinct look and atmosphere: no young boys lacking in facial features for example (just a little girl with her face barely visible), and hey, it's not like Playdead have set an entire game on a boat before (okay, so I'm clutching at straws by this point, but full marks to me for trying).On the whole it's a tad more whimsical and cartoon-ish than Playdead's releases, but we still have that delightfully ruthless approach to killing our tiny protagonist at any and every opportunity. It's not quite as dark and brutal as Inside, though, so for those who felt that one pushed the boundaries of acceptable child abuse in a video gaming context, this might be a more suitable game to give to your young'uns to enjoy. It's also a tiny bit EASIER than the Playdead games, so again, may be a better place to start for those new to the perils of puzzle-platforming.A simply stunning debut from Tarsier, and one of the most cinematic and immersive games you will play this or any other year in the near future. Though ♥♥♥♥ me, it is astonishing where games are heading, and if that VR nonsense ever gets embraced by the mainstream I think we can just forget about fully-functioning societies and resign ourselves to a world full of catheterized coma-cases laying on soiled sheets, with the lower slave classes rolling us over occasionally so we don't get bed sores. I, for one, cannot wait.Verdict: 10/10.(PS Only one minor criticism...the save and check-pointing system is an unforgiving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times. Not as unforgiving as such things can get, but there were several bits where I found myself repeating the same one or two minutes over and over again, not because there was that much ground to cover or that many actions to perform, but because stealth sometimes requires patiently waiting things out. But it's a relatively minor criticism of an otherwise jaw-dropping game.)"
,Not Recommended,424840,31453593,Posted: 29 April,all,=Kugle=,"I have very mixed feelings with Little Nightmares, Im wondering if it was worth 20 dollars or not.. I have a lot to say and need somewhere to begin.Let me start with the positives...The first thing anyone will notice is the art style and the design of the world and characters. The game is beautiful, creepy, dark, gross and frightening when its trying to be and it does it all very, very well. I love how unique the game looks as well. Its like Limbo but with more color, 3D depth and Japanese asthetics. I often found my eyes wandering around my screen just taking in the details of the world and thinking to myself about what I saw. Every room managed to be interesting.The game sounds brilliant as well, from hearing echoing screams and loud creaking metal in the grand, mysterious and very dark enviornment around you to the cringe inducing fleshy whacks of a meat cleaver pounding some unidentifiable hunk of flesh above your tiny head, its all great. I probably sat and listened to The Lady's singing for a few minutes before getting back to the game just beacuse it was the most out of place, calming and enjoyable noise in the entire game.All three (four if you count the guests) of the enemies in this game have their own distinct and horrifying personality, body, voice and ares of work and living. I think The Lair was my favorite area because its the longest, most varied and interesting. I wonder what kind of stuff that thing keeps in all those trunks.. and all those books..I think the games platforming is straighforward and enjoyable throughout the game and the weight and speed of your character matches perfectly. You move fast enough and fall fast enough to really feel like you move or are falling from a height that will snap your tiny twig legs.Now for the Negatives...While the characters movement and how the controls feel are good, collision with geometry and ledges isnt as good as it could be. You cannot slide around corners. This might not sound like a big deal but when you are running from death it can be very frustrating. I died several times because I had to determine if this tiny yellow raincoat on stick legs would be able to slide or fit through this really tiny gap while being chased with very little to almost no room for error only to end up bumping a corner with my arm and stopping completely, thus having to move down and crouch then move very slowly.This problem is made even worse because the choice of how the camera operates. You are basically watching your character move through a serires of rooms from a thirdperson perspective through an invisible wall as a sort of window to the action. What this means for chase sequences is you have to judge going around objects, geometry and going through small gaps from the equivalent of the other side of the room. Combine this with having to match up teeny tiny hands with moving objects in an often dark 3D enviornment and you end up with many frustrating deaths.Another issue that makes this frustration worse is sometimes in movement or time sensitive situations the enviornment doesnt give feedback to you in  a short enough period of time, meaning I frequently got stuck and thought the correct solution wasnt right and then had to fumble around confusedly until I realized I was right all along. This ruined the games pacing for me.The story to the game isnt really impressive. Beyond the basic idea of getting out of this place that you know nothing about and the visual information you get throughout the game.. there isnt really any explanation for anything at all. I have no idea why the opening character you see when you start the game in your little nightmare's dream is an ending boss with no name, explanation, face or backstory.Something that I think was what little story telling the game had was periodically you would have to stop playing to witness your character going through some apparently life threatening, gut wrenchingly painful hunger than comes on hard and out of nowhere. If it wasnt for the really convinient food and later on.. ""food"" placed literally a room away whever this happens, I think these felshy sticks with a raincoat on would have died before seeing that beautiful sun again... or maybe for the first time.. again nothing is explained.With what little there is to the story,  I have to admit the ending is cool and I liked it quite a bit. I wont spoil it but it was a sudden, unexplained shift in character and power for little miss raincoat, it was awesome! That was until the after credits scene.. again I wont spoil it but.. it doesnt make much sense I think and considering the hunder mentioned earlier.. It doesn't look good for her.On top of all this I managed to also have some collision problems with things I was supposed to be able to climb under and got caught for it as well as just plain ole getting stuck and having to restart.A few times where I got stuck it was just me being a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but others it was genuinely confusing. Sometimes the camera would make it hard to see what I was doing, or it would confuse me by showing me something after climbing up some ledges. Since the camera always moves when you enter a new room I would assume it moving meant I was able to keep moving that way, but it was not the case.The first enemy confused me a lot when trying to figure out his behavior. He operates on hearing but at first I couldnt tell how to avoid him by just staying away or moving on different things to keep quiet because he would sniff at the air when he was suspicious of me and him being sensitive to sound wasnt implied or shown in any way before encountering him for the first time. He is still my favorite of the three enemies though.The game is also disappointingly easy when its not confusing or to dark to see waht you're doing from the other side of the room. Everything is so obvious and simple, none of the enemies felt threatening or fun to get around sometimes. You can avoid them like its nothing once you know what to do, which makes me wish there was more story in the game even more. The gameplay isnt challenging at all beyond earlier gripes with camera and collision.The last two enemy's get less game time than the first with the third being surprisngly short. You barely get any gameplay out of her.. Aside from the behavior they have when now aware of you, the A.I is just a dog on a leash who is freed by a sound or sight trigger you create. Basic AF.All of this design culminates into a large amount of ""Not Fun"" for me, especially for twenty dollars.. With practically no story, kind of clunky gameplay and non challenging or threatening enemies, I just cant recommend this game at its current price. It feels a lot more like its worth 10 dollars or less.If you can get past the lack of story and sometimes frustrating gameplay then you will enjoy the sights, sounds and characters this game has to offer a ton. I almost feel like this idea is held back by being a video game and should have been a movie or a book.. or both! Theres so much about the setting and the characters I want to know but the games design doesnt leave room for it or doesnt require it to sell..In summary. The game is great visually, has great sound design and im always going to remember the monsters.. (people?) but I sighed and got annoyed far to much for 20 dollars.."
76561198060863894,Recommended,424840,32634973,Posted: 21 June,all,Sagerspook,One of my favorite horror games of all time.
,Not Recommended,424840,31494600,Posted: 1 May,all,Koala,"Really good game. Great graphic, great music and great atmosphere.However, I cannot give it a recommendation. As a game cost $20, it is too short. It only took me 2 and a half hours to finish all levels.So, waiting for a discount should be a better choice."
,Recommended,424840,31513965,Posted: 2 May,all,Fantasianly,"Whilst Little Nightmares may be a short game, it more than makes up for it in atmosphere and environmental design. Aiding the raincoat-clad Six to travel across the peculiar and yet familiar architecture of the Maw feels like a genuine journey; an adventure that relentlessly disturbs.The monsters and dangers Six encounters are certainly macarbe, many of them grotesque. However, they rarely are truly scary and are much more likely to conjure pity or revulsion than fear.The process of evading death at their hands is fairly standard for horror-ish videogames, but the qualities of the mundane cupboards and tables you hide under somehow breathe new life into the classic cowering-from-evil. The soundtrack multiplies this effect, imbuing much more personality to each terror than you may give it credit for.Puzzles across the game are simplistic, but there are a few sticking points that may have you confused for some time. The controls (and the obtuse way they are demonstrated) do contribute to these difficulties, but personally I only had trouble with them once or twice (your mileage may vary considerably here). There are secret collectibles too, nothing too unusual about these.It is easy to compare Little Nightmares to INSIDE, and while they evoked similar feelings from me, each feels intrinsically different to play (perhaps due to the more 3D-nature of Little Nightmares). To me, INSIDE is a cohesive artistic whole, whilst LIttle Nightmares is a web of metaphors, connected loosely by the backbone of SIx's progression. And that's not a bad thing!I find myself thinking about this game regularly, as if it has latched onto my amygdala and won't let go.It will leave you lightly, but definitively unsettled."
,Recommended,424840,31534230,Posted: 3 May,all,Taco,"I absouletly love this game. Even though its short, it had some pretty intense moments. As for the ending...................honestly don't know what to say about it"
,Recommended,424840,32655124,Posted: 22 June,all,Camburger,"Such a cool game. Really scary, needs to be played at night, loud, but probably with a friend next to you for safety! I'm a huge fan of cinematic platformers and this one is a real gem. I found tiny elements a little unpolished but overall I really really enjoyed playing this all the way through. Difficulty was spot on. Hard enough to keep it interesting and leaving you sometimes needing a break which I personally didn't mind. I think a big part of this genre is the ability to deliver storytelling with no dialogue. Leaves a lot to the imagination."
,Recommended,424840,33930132,Posted: 31 July,all,MrCokTatli,"Like a Tim Burton film but as a platforming game. It also catches the creepy atmosphere pretty nicely.Pretty good game,8/10"
,Recommended,424840,33959119,Posted: 1 August,all,☿ sarah_chєєη ❥,"The best nightmare I've ever had, would definitely dream again :3http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1097649772"
,Recommended,424840,31458581,Posted: 30 April,all,Pat,"I highly recommend this title. It is quite stunning, visually captivating and an amazing soundtrack to compliment the atmopshere of this game. It is amazing and a joy to play, with mystery, horror and revenge being the main themes of focus here. Upon finishing this game I was left wanting more. The ending is abrupt and the desire to contiune playing is high. I just cannot jusitfy the $20 USD price tag. Little Nightmares, even when played to completion, will only take you an average of 3 hours. That being said, it is still a pleasure to play with rich story and atmopshere. I suggest picking up this title during a sale only because there isn't enough content to match the pricetag."
,Recommended,424840,31516338,Posted: 2 May,all,ohmyremi,"Kinda wished that the was longer, but truly amazing experience.10/10 MusicQuite creepy"
,Recommended,424840,34778883,Posted: 6 September,all,Solaros,"Little NightmaresThis game as you see based on games like Limbo and Inside, but much better than them.What can I say, good job Tarsier Studios!Especially I liked the endingwhen Six got the power and slowly walk through the guest area killing those pig-humans when music got louder and louderthat was awesome!ProsBeautiful music ✔Atmosphere ✔Not repetitive gameplay ✔ConsNot found"
,Not Recommended,424840,31406104,Posted: 27 April,all,Whip,"Little nightmares ia a visualy striking game, where the art style helps to instill a set of fear during gameplay.   Some of the puzzles are quite easy to figure out. While others are a little more complicated.  But none are difficult enough that you will spend any decent time on.You spend your time snaking through corridors , rooms, and vents all the while eluding disgusting creatures who want to eat you.  some rooms are lackluster with little to no effort being needed to pass through them, often times being as simple as running through them. As you progress you get more and more enveloped in the story , the pace picks up and you spend alot of time running from enemies in what is essentially thematic parkour simulation.  and BOOM .  Its over.I played straight through it in a single stream, exploring a vast ammount of the games levels while maintiang the ourpose to continue through the levels.   With only a 5 minute break for some food and the restroom the total time to play through was only 3.5 hours.The game itself was way to short in my opinion to earn its $20 prce tag and the level of difficulty for most of the puzzles was more so in the controls and less the actual difficulty of the said puzzles.The trial and error is what makes the game last over 3 hours, not the extensiveness of the game. If you are any good at puzzle gmes and pllatformers be prepared for a 2 hour experiance.If you want to play this game, Wait until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,424840,31715964,Posted: 12 May,all,nutcrackr,"It is a pity that Little Nightmares is only four hours long, because it's a likeable puzzle-platformer with an alluring streak of creativity. Its weird world, set in the belly of a massive submerged vessel, contains disfigured giants that want to catch any little creature roaming about. The warped interior designs are well suited to the basic jumping and climbing action that involves helping a little girl move through a supersized world. And this action is shaken up with some appropriate stealth and chase sequences that are both whimsical and grotesque. It all goes so well together because of excellent visual design and awesome music. Aside from some trial and error during stealth, and simplistic platforming, Little Nightmares gets most things right. It may be a short game, but good things come in small packages."
,Recommended,424840,34729378,Posted: 4 September,all,P@nda G@l,"A beautiful dark eerie twisted fantasy puzzle game with heart pounding, frozen with fear, unable to even scream,A nightmare I refuse to wake up from."
,Recommended,424840,31434569,Posted: 29 April,all,Jeff Mangum's Sweater,"A beautiful game, albeit a bit short."
,Recommended,424840,31615834,Posted: 7 May,all,Nosferatu,"This was a terrific game. It reminds me heavily of Inside. The music was terrific, the graphics looked beautiful, the controls felt odd at times but overall they were good. The story was intriguing and captivating. It took me maybe just over two hours to complete, but for $20. Despite the lack of campaign, I think $20 is a fair price.There are a few issues with the game though. There's times where the AI enemies would get stuck on a bed/counter/doorway and I wouldn't be able to pass them without having to run up to them so they could kill me, allowing me to start at a previous checkpoint. There were times when I would hold down the 'A' or 'D' key to move, but in the middle of my character's stride, he would just stand still, I imagine he was getting caught on the invisible wall between the game-field and my computer screen, allowing him to not fall off the map, still irritating when I'm trying to run from an enemy.Crouching in the entrance of the small corridors/airvents was a bit finicky at times too, having to line your character just perfect with the path to continue.A huge flaw I had with the game; I finished every achievement in the game, including the one achievement that wasn't awarded to me (Hard to the Core - Finish the game in under one hour with 0 deaths). I spent so much time restarting the game trying to finish with 0 deaths, only to finish in 48 minutes with 0 deaths, and not be awarded the achievement.I spent a lot of time writing about the flaws of the game, but I assure you, the game has much more positive aspects to it than negative. I'm impressed with the story most of all, especially the ending. It was unexpected and very much enjoyed."
,Recommended,424840,31586881,Posted: 6 May,all,COL DEATH SETH,"Creepy, atmospheric, and super fun. I love the theories that come along with the game. best concept everperformance: 10/10sound quality : 10/10graphics quality :10/10control :10/10"
,Recommended,424840,33017999,Posted: 29 June,all,Khalid 🍁,"This game is absolutely incredible and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a horror platformer with some puzzle elements. The art style is one of the best I've seen, everything was amazingly designed and very creepy. The soundtrack is one of the creepiest things I've listened to but it was perfect and really added to the atmosphere which was superb. Only 2 hours long but it's definitely a 10/10."
,Not Recommended,424840,31439011,Posted: 29 April,all,Zet,"This game suffers from the ""bad pc port"" syndrome. Me and multiple other users cannot even start a new game. This seems to be mostly - but not limited to - users of AMD processors. We get into the menu but once we choose the game file to start the game on,  the game crashed and an error pops up, saying ""Fatal Error - UE4-Atlas"".I have tried the workaround fix, but on my system that doesn't seem to work, either, getting the game to start, but experiencing massive stutters and freezes, with and without compatibility mode.I have almost used up my 2 hours of gameplay before I cannot refund anymore trying to fix this by now which is what I will do if the developers don't come up with a fix in two weeks.Really a bummer, since I was looking forward to this game and I stil think it looks gorgeous. If the devs get in to fix this, I will properly revise this review, but the euphoria for the release is unfortunately overshadowed by the yet unfixed crash for me."
,Not Recommended,424840,31410730,Posted: 28 April,all,Fenix,Pros:(+3) Beautiful and extremely atmospheric(+3) Fantastic art and sound design(+3) Great animations(+1) Runs at a constant 144 FPS on max settings (GTX 780ti @ 1080p)(+1) 144 Framerate capCons:(-0.5) Plot a little too vague (even for its type of narrative)(-0.5) Very occasionally the perspective can make it hard to tell exactly where you stand in space which makes it difficult to accurately platform.(-0.5) A couple of unfair trial-and-error situations that don't suit the overarching puzzle theme(-3) Extremely short (2-4 hours)Final Score: 6.5/10Note:If the price was $10 I would have given it an8.5/10As it stands its just too expensive for the extremely small amount of content. You will finish it quickly and It will leave you wanting. Hard.IDOhighly recommendLittle Nightmaresjust not at its default $20 price tag.
,Recommended,424840,31513604,Posted: 2 May,all,Christoph,"Little nightmares, [NO SPOILERS]before I begin I highly reccomend buying this game on sale as it is not a very long game although it is a worthwhile experience.I had only heard little things about little nightmares but I was greatly surprised at how disturbing and yet enjoyable it was.Not going into spoilers I will say this;The controls are precise and very simple which is always good in Storytelling platformers, with in game mechanics which aren't told but learnt as you play.The graphics and art style are brilliant, they are simple yet elegant and really helps show the dark atmosphere in which you play.The story itself while not told outright is wonderful and obviously open to interpretation and the symbolism is there for yourself to interpret.All in all I do highly reccomend this although only on sale as much as I hate to say it, it's not worth the pricetag for how much time you get out of this."
,Recommended,424840,31457226,Posted: 30 April,all,Run,"Absolutely brilliant. The music freaked me out, and climactic moments are terrifying. Its quite short, but I'd liken it to an interactive horror movie, with some platforming and puzzling thrown into the mix. The third act draws some strong inspiration from Spirited Away, and its going to be haunting me late into the night."
76561198066601241,Recommended,424840,34632608,Posted: 31 August,all,doritoz,very good game the janitor is the scariest with them freddy krugar arms shiiiet :(short game but bloody amazing cant wait to see more stories added to the game
,Recommended,424840,32306673,Posted: 9 June,all,rabidflora,"Great game with an amazing atmosphere, visuals, and music. Sad to see that the complete game was around 4ish hours for me but the experience made it worthwhile. I don't regret preordering this game for the soundtrack and have preordered the season pass expasion because I want to see more of this universe expand. I will be looking forward to rest of the little nightmare comics and any future dlc. Do note the controls are finicky and depth persception might a problem at times, especially during the final part of chapter three, in my opinion."
,Recommended,424840,31479486,Posted: 30 April,all,✿Lehuanani | DatWahine808✿,"I'm so in love with this game! It's been a good long while since I was able to get into any games that really had me wanting more. I've completed the game in 4-5 hours. I started this game telling my friend on how cute this game is but by the end of the game I went back to texting ""THIS GAME IS NOT CUTE ANYMORE!"" Hahaha.The game is beautiful! I love the artwork and music! The story is shocking! I wish I had counted all the different ways that I had died. I've had so many moments where I yelled ""OMG! WHAT?!?"" The puzzles were great! 10/10 Will be going back to play this again! I still have chills over everything that happened to me in this game lastnight.My Stream loved watching my gameplay as I enjoyed playing it.All I have to say for everyone whom's going to play this game is ""RUN RAINCOAT RUN!!!!"""
,Recommended,424840,35175489,Posted: 24 September,all,LanSeRocK,"If you want to play fastinating story game, you can play this game. Little Nightmares have a deeper message from your whole life. Definitly I recommed that for gamers.This game has a basic controls. Jump,run and think about solve little scary puzzles. Game can manage your gameplay dont worry about it.Starving is a big problem in this game, I will see it!And Thanks to european parliament credit union interest group support the game."
,Recommended,424840,31409326,Posted: 27 April,all,Tempest_Mist,"Little Nightmares is a very creepy but pleasant game. The graphics are beautiful and the lighting , casting long shadows in a weird world looks awesome. Little Six, needs to escape, but from a nightmare or from her reality?What is she doing in such a horrible place? Waking upon a packed suitcase dressed in a yellow raincoat she is determined to escape, with a lighter in her inventory she sets a path through vents & old enormous rooms that seem to hold horrific pasts along with grotesque enemies. With only her wits and the help of some cute little helpers to guide her will she get out of the Maw? only time will tell...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCyQZO65NQA&ab_channel=PangurB%C3%A1nGaminghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lES5rE6uxPo&ab_channel=PangurB%C3%A1nGaminghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kC18oQ5O8zE&ab_channel=PangurB%C3%A1nGaminghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ-hPBoYIrc&ab_channel=PangurB%C3%A1nGaminghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11XWfMCBWIw&ab_channel=PangurB%C3%A1nGaming"
76561198260532958,Recommended,424840,31869891,Posted: 20 May,all,SebTheGamingNoob,"If your a fan of studio Ghibli, this game is a terrifying combination of Howl's Moving Castle and Spirited Away. The only major downside to this game is its length. You will finish the game wishing for more. Other than that, the ending was satisfying and the gnomes are adorable. I highly recomend you buy it."
,Recommended,424840,31404998,Posted: 27 April,all,DarkDork,"Fantastic horror that has multiple layers and doesn't rely on jumpscares. Gameplay holds up nicely. If it looks remotely interesting to you, I'd recommend getting it full price or not."
76561198388891541,Recommended,424840,32705131,Posted: 23 June,all,angelanda43,This game is absolutely amazing had so much fun playing it the charactera are amazing and the graphics and animation are so stunning and beautiful I recommend this game to anyone who loves horror and indie games
,Not Recommended,424840,32420003,Posted: 14 June,all,Deviouststr,"Quite short, even for 20 bucks....I loved the game, playing with keyboard/mouse is janky - recommend a controllerwasn't as creepy as I was hoping for :(  gameplay was a bit blandI think 15$ would be the right starting price, so if you get it on sale, yeah go for it!"
76561198271955495,Recommended,424840,32883343,Posted: 27 June,all,Triforce2002,"The ending still has me shook. 10/10, definitely worth the money. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,424840,32886910,Posted: 27 June,all,darkpriest667,Good art style and very fun. Dark and intriguing. if you liked Limbo you'll love Little Nightmares.
,Recommended,424840,33225611,Posted: 4 July,all,Sapphire,"This game is sooo good.First the art of this game, its so awesome that gives you the chills.The environment, the camera angles, the gameplay.Everything is so nice that you immerse into it.Yeah forgot about the soundtrack! <3Its a short game but worth it.Just go for this game,you wont regret it.9/10 from me.The best Indie game I ever played"
,Recommended,424840,31409331,Posted: 27 April,all,ebeenu,You are what you eat!
,Recommended,424840,31421136,Posted: 28 April,all,CHEESUS,"No Spoilers ReviewI give this game a solid 8/10. If you love Inside or Machinarium, you'll like this game too. The art-style is phenomenal and the game mechanics are solid like that of Inside, only you get a lot more 3D interaction here.That being said, I say 8/10, because 1) the puzzels are a little bit on the nose --don't have to think too much; 2) the story/ending is not a mind blowing as Inside --can't help to compare, they are very similar; 3) the secrets are not as well hidden, I'm not sure if they do anything besides give you an achievement; and 4) It's a little bit short. three to five hours, but it's a good kickoff.I really hope more games like this appear. And I would love to see Little Nightmares 2 with grosser nightmares, longer story, and a higher complexity of puzzles and hidden secrets that greater impact the story. Great moments, just didn't completely blow my mind.GET THIS GAME, if you like Inside. DECISION MADE."
,Not Recommended,424840,31492314,Posted: 1 May,all,PaulKemp,"Really wanted to like this game. Its similar to one of my favorite games from last year, Inside,Little Nightmares has an awesome atmosphere, great sound and great visuals. Its eearie and somewhat uncomfortable and cute at the  same time. Little to non tutorials and overall very slick and a nice presentation overall.What absolutelty kills my fun with this game, is that the controls are too unpredictable. I understood all the puzzles, but still I was struggeling to do them due to the janky controls. They are just unpredictable. This coupled with very few checkpoints, leds me the playher to be more annoyed than I am ejoying the game.I tried playing with both controller and keyboard, but the few checkpoints is too annoying to me.tldr:10/10 atmosphere, sound and visuals1/10 controls"
76561198351220633,Recommended,424840,32207855,Posted: 5 June,all,A Sound Soul,"Little Nightmares is wonderfully terrifying. While i agree, comparing it to INSIDE and LIMBO would be doing no justice to any of these games, the similarities are uncanny. The art is flawless, its creepy yet fasinating. The story line is not handed to you in the least bit. Be aware you cant just save anywhere, it auto saves so make 100% sure you cleared an area before leaving the game.  I highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed inside and limbo. Enjoy, have fun, and run through it more then once for achievements."
,Recommended,424840,31637827,Posted: 8 May,all,Swirly,"Great game overall 8/10I know im gonna sound like every other guy but this is the truth.Pros:Great Idea (Love the idea of being really small in a big world.)Very Tense at Some Partsgreat graphics and speed (If your computers not trash like mine.)Exploration allowed (You can climb things that you don't need to climb; allows more of a free feeling.)Hits you the first time (A fantastic game for the first time around.)Cons:Way too short :(Camera angle makes life so hard :(NICE LAG ON TRASH COMPUTERS :(R.I.P cone guy :((((((((((In general I think instead of this game being $20, It should be more like $10. It is mostly a one and done type of game unless you hunt for collectables."
76561198016638888,Not Recommended,424840,31460178,Posted: 30 April,all,John Liu,"I've wanted to play this ever since I saw the first trailer. It was exactly my kind of game - a platformer with an unique art style, a la Limbo and Inside. Well, I have to say I'm disappointed and cannot recommend the game in its current state.Pros:1. Gorgeous, creative and exquisitely rendered environments, creatures, and animations. Everything screamed polish; this was what drew me to the game in the first place and remained its greatest asset. Graphics was essentially perfect and by far the strongest point of the game.2. Ran as smooth as a baby's bottom coated in oil.3. Music was nothing special, but augmented the gameplay quite well. Soft and nonintrusive.Cons:1. The platforming was very generic and no puzzles required more than two or three tries to know what was required. The puzzles themselves were not the issue - the ease of environmental deaths was. Because directions on the gamepad/keyboard were not exactly the same as the desired directions in the game, it was very easy to slide off edges of objects to your death. Parallax error, where things appeared to line up but did not, was also very common - many times I thought I would make a jump but instead watched Six plummet to her death.2. The game had strange pacing, in other words the order of chapters. It started off in a dungeon where you learned the mechanics and controls; this was fine. However, the very next chapter was a steep increase in difficulty. After that, the following two chapters were too easy since you were ""overtrained"" from the one before. This was followed by a very short final chapter which introduced no new gameplay.3. I expect little from platformers story wise, but even with low expectations this game left me wanting. The majority of the game (say 90%) had a build up in tension and raised many interesting questions which I desired answers. However, after the final chapter the game just... Ended. There was no explanation to anything, who Six was, what the enemies were. To be sure, the game Inside also explained very little but there was enough to be deduced from the gameplay and background imagery for the experience to be a thought provoking one. Little Nightmares offered nothing of the sort.4. Perhaps a minor gripe, but in the game there was a very strange ""hunger"" mechanic where Six was forced to eat something to survive. These events were scripted and the food would always be available, such that you could not actually die, but this concept was seemed unnecessary and jarring in an otherwise fast-paced adventure game. Without giving away the story, the foods consumed could possibly be interpreted as a metaphor of Six's experience/evolution, but this was not at all necessary.5. The game was short. I finished in three hours, while most other reviewers averaged about two hours (I died a lot). I strongly suspect this was because a DLC is already planned. When you boot up the game, one of the first screens that come up says ""checking for downloadable content"" and I wonder if content had been trimmed prior to release.In summary, while the game has its charms, the flaws are too many to justify the current price of $20 USD. When it drops to say, $10, or when any possible DLCs have been released, it may become a decent purchase.3/10."
,Recommended,424840,31527581,Posted: 3 May,all,Polmty,"That was short, like my dong :("
76561198338805430,Not Recommended,424840,34621142,Posted: 30 August,all,RadiantRosie,"You must have an Intel CPU to play this game! I have an AMD CPU and great system, but this game wouldn't run on my computer. After some investigation I found that it's a known problem. I was super disappointed and had to request a refund from Steam. Looks awesome. Bummed I have to miss out on it.Fix your game, devs..."
,Not Recommended,424840,34626141,Posted: 30 August,all,Adoobadoo,"Overall just an empty game. You are guided through every ""puzzle"" and it's impossible to mess up. Any part of this that was meant to be stealthy was basically just walking slowly and hiding wasn't necessary. Whenever you got caught it'd just be a chase. I was looking forward to this game for so long and having it be so empty was such a disappointment. I wouldn't recommend buying this game at full price and especially not without the big DLC's because without those the game feels so unfinished."
,Recommended,424840,31404197,Posted: 27 April,all,WetNightmare,"[Now that I have completed the game I have edited my review]The game is Gorgeous. The atmosphere is a perfect balance of creepiness and beauty in it's own way. So far the puzzles have not been too challenging but the desire to explore more of the world makes up for it. The game relies on ambient creepy sounds more than music which is great because when the music suddenly does kick on it has an even greater effect. The game relies on it's atmosphere to provide the horror element rather than jumpscares and it does it very well. I found myself gripping my controller very hard in  anxiety inducing moments. The game does a phenomonal job of telling a story without any dialogue and the build up to the end was fantastic. In my original review I gave no cons however, now that I have finished the game I have found two cons: The camera is sometimes very wonky making it hard to navigate. The game is too short (3 hours to completion) i found myself needing more and more. Even though this is a short game I still reccommend picking it up because the gameplay really is fantastic and the beautiful yet creepy art style combined with the ambient sounds and noises of monsters with the right amount of creepy music at the right times make this game well worth it."
76561198140299850,Not Recommended,424840,34637525,Posted: 31 August,all,foofaraw,"Little Nightmares is NOT the game I thought I was buying. When I played the online demo months ago, I was amazed by the graphics quality, and had seen nothing better. Then.....I bought the game. My first response was that the graphics setting MUST be wrong. No, with a state-of-the-art VR-ready gaming laptop, settings were maxed. Graphics were simply very average. And the depth perception was extremely weak. The protagonist is constantly bumping into things, and in one instance where I have to leap across a deep gap, I've fallen repeatedly, as it's nearly impossible to determine when the objects are at the proper position in relation to each other.And then to find that players with AMD processors are unable to play....very dissapointing. I'm to be refunding, and not re-acquiring. (My game time is actually far closer to two hours, but offline. Few Steam games track offline time.)"
,Recommended,424840,31428175,Posted: 28 April,all,outlaw,"short game like always, nice design, fun to play, pretty much like Limbo or Inside they are all good games"
,Recommended,424840,31426249,Posted: 28 April,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","The only thing you really need to know about Little Nightmares is that it's short; most people seem to take 3 to 4 hours to finish it. If you're fine with that, the screenshots pretty much tell you what you need to know; it's a creepy stealth platformer with a great art and animation style. It can sometimes be a little difficult to tell what you're supposed to be doing, but not enough to be overly frustrating. If you like games like Limbo or Inside you'll probably like this too."
76561198165756102,Recommended,424840,31970612,Posted: 26 May,all,JustRonin,"First off, this game needs a sequel or even a DLC of some sort. I can't even begin to explain how much this game blew my mind! From the beautiful graphics to the soundtrack and everything else, this game is simply outstanding and not to mention REALLY addicting as I actually went back to get some of lanterns I happened to have missed during my first playthrough.As someone who is a huge horror fan, I can definitely say this game succeeded in terms of making me scared. From start to finish, the game leaves you in suspense wondering what's going to be around the next corner. Little Nightmares perfectly replicates the idea of being a child in an unfamiliar environment who doesn't understand what's happening to and around them. This is one of the aspects that I personally find great about this game.The only negative I'd say is that the game doesn't really give you any sort of indication of what you're supposed to be doing at certain points. Sometimes I was unsure of whether to grab onto something or climb up somewhere but overall, everything else is pretty straightforward.I've read some reviews on here about how the game could be longer but honestly? I think it's better off being short and sweet rather than dragging on for longer than it needs to. However, as I've said, a DLC or sequel would be awesome as I'd really love to see what happens next!Little Nightmares is one of the most original and immersive horror/adventure titles I've played to date. Even if you're not into games like this, I still think it's worth a try :)"
,Recommended,424840,31492389,Posted: 1 May,all,Velns,"Great game, but falls a bit short!PROS:Great graphics.Great performance.Very atmospheric.Great detail.Great game it self.9/10 - Because of the one cons.Cons:20e for 3 hours?Maybe.In on of the stages, when running across the table, I couldn't jump on the wall mount and fell several times. Bug/glitch/Controller fault?"
,Recommended,424840,32657282,Posted: 22 June,all,GatthewMore,"Man little nightmares is fkd up. This game is real creeped out and odd. The aesthetics are amazing albeit weird and scary. SOLID puzzle platformer gameplay, so of the stuff is slightly hard to figure out.A must have game for puzzle platformer fans, and fans of unique off the wall gaming experiences1Its not very long, but I think we are realizing now a gaming experience can be amazing while still clocking in at 2-6hrs9ish/10"
,Recommended,424840,31419534,Posted: 28 April,all,Lost Hashishin,"Beautiful masterpiece. Creepy, athmosheric platformer that manages to succeed where other such games fail. And the ending is just WOW! Absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,424840,31528928,Posted: 3 May,all,Traeger,"A fantastic game. It might even be a little too similar to Playdead's LIMBO or INSIDE but it uses their strong mechanics well and has the same type of mysterious story very well.Even though it's a tad short - about 4-5 hours long, it's still worth the price."
76561198079748135,Recommended,424840,31492297,Posted: 1 May,all,BashDashGaming,Little Nightmares is a puzzle-platformer horror adventure game.The aim of the game is to guild a small Yellow raincoated character through a Ocean facility with a slowly revealed purpose.The gameplay is intense and you are always hiding from the creatures roaming the rooms whilst trying to solve small puzzles to get to the next area.The Game is around 5 to 6 hours long but contains puzzles that keep you scratching your head for awhile.The First Creature You come across is a nightmarish custodian who is blind and litreally uses his ears and his long arms to reach the hiding spots you might be in.The Next Creatures are the Twin butchers who are fat and deformed.Then there is the masses of fat creatures that are slightly ghoulish people who can't walk and crawel towards you And Lastly the Creepy masked ghostly women who haunts your character.The Worst thing about these creatures is that they are 4 times the size of you and the only thing you can do is run and hide.The best thing about this game is the horror comes from tension their isn't any Jumpscare in the game and there is some rooms that give you chilling thoughts like the room litreally with a pool of shoes that you have to swim threw.The Place you are adventuring in is competely absurd and it is lit like a haunted house forcing you to use your characters tiny lighter and the worst thing about it is the place isn't abandoned.Overall I really enjoyed the game and I only had two issues with it and that is the credits they are 9 minutes of scrolling words and the worst thing about it is the music finished about 2 minutes in and my second issue is that the game it's self is way too short for it's price and I really hope the story gets continued or maybe a whole new story with the same gameplay.
,Recommended,424840,34695624,Posted: 2 September,all,Mattjamco,"Not normally one for reviews but this game moved me to do so. Incredibly well put together game; perfect mix of a sense of danger, great audio design and excellent visuals. And all this considering I'm not normally a side-scroller player.Some Pros and Cons:Pros:-Well-designed nightmarish enemies with interesting mechanics and 'fights'.-Great visual and level design that perfectly fits into the theme. Incredible diversity throughout.-Audio design second-to-none. Subtle music and atmospheric effects that build and subside in response to gameplay.-Whilst not a 'story' as such, the plight of the character and development of the protagonist pulls you in constantly.Cons:-Due to the game design it can be a little hard to judge the depth of your character on-screen at times, but never caused any huge issues.-A little short, if I'm honest. Finished up the main game in 3 + 1/2 hours. However the level of enjoyment for those hours diminshes the short playtime.As a final thought, I was getting a really strong Spirited Away vibe mid-late game; whether intentional or not I loved the nod toward the Spirited Away universe.Very much recommended game! Show the devs some love, they very clearly showed their game a lot of love."
76561198167996441,Recommended,424840,31482048,Posted: 1 May,all,tokyoadam19,"Oh man! What a game! I'm fresh off of finishing Little Nightmares and I have to say, it's a phenominally fun platformer.Tarsier Studios really is onto a roll with both this game and Statik on PSVR!Little Nightmares is dark, foreboding, disturbing, brilliant, chilling and unnerving, all while having excellent audio production and musical score. I can't praise this game enough! It's rare that such games have such a satisfying conclusion as this one.If you loved Limbo and Inside, then this game is perfect for you. Both have a strong element of visual storytelling and pacing. You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,424840,31470369,Posted: 30 April,all,Fred the dog,"No regrets, great game."
,Recommended,424840,33801870,Posted: 25 July,all,•SADBOY•,"This was a really fun game to play through, I loved the atmosphere and different variety of characters. I highly recommend this game to Limbo and INSIDE fans but this could also appeal to anyone who enjoys nightmares.Also recommend the possible theories behind Little Nightmares"
,Recommended,424840,31692090,Posted: 11 May,all,bgcentrs (FunFaceTV),"10/10 game! Worth every dime. Amazing graphics, interesting plot, unique ideas and characters! You have to have this in your library, it's that great!"
76561198089704754,Not Recommended,424840,32449159,Posted: 15 June,all,OddJupiter,"Meh. Its really ♥♥♥♥ing short. I like the FEEL of this game, but its not at all fleshed out. They system/engine is pretty guud. Not great, you can glitch into a relm of no returns between an object and a wall. NPCS can move irrationally, floating through walls/surfaces.(Those botyh happened to me in my first play through, spoiling my emersion.) I feel Tarsier Studios could have built another five-ten levels within this story arch, adding three hours, exploring some of these enemies/bosses alittle more, some on-rails levels would have helped I reckon. The main boss is done with in a ottal of like three screens. With sidescrollers like this I ask myself, is it better than Rayman Legends or Ori and the Blind forrest. The answer is no. Wait for a deep sale, or avoid completely, would be my final verdict. 4-5hrs of running to the right-hand side of the screen, with little/no puzzles. Nah."
,Not Recommended,424840,31499000,Posted: 1 May,all,Horseman,"Please hear me out before deciding to purchase this game.I heard of this game a month before it released, which gave me plenty of time to get excited for a game with such a strange atmosphere and asthetic as this. It seemed like a good combination of the best parts of other games, most notably Limbo, Inside, and Little Big Planet.If you're looking for a game like those, then I urge you not to purchase this game for several reasons.It is short. Painfully short. This is not a game you can sit down and enjoy an experience for a few nights. My brother and I beat this in a whopping 5 hours. 5 hours. Going as slow and steady as possible so as not to miss anything, it took 5 hours to explore every little nook and cranny and hidden ""secrets"". Half an hour of that time was dying, and maybe 45 minutes was dedicated to trying to learn about the world and looking around. So all in all, maybe 3 hours is all you'll really get out of this.And then there's the exploring. Looking for secrets and clues and answers to the world you're thrown in is fun when the game doesnt explicitly tell you the plot. This game, however, does not tell you anything. And when you do go looking for your own answers, you are rewarded with nothing. There is no point to wasting any time looking for hidden things here. Its insulting. Rather than lore in what presents itself as an interesting world, you get collectables that pretty much amount to nothing.Nothing is a key theme here. The game really offers you nothing. The game is much to short and frankly abrupt to really enjoy the atmosphere. The art is honestly great, but you're given very little to look at. The soundtrack is fitting for the enviornment, but you only ever really notice it at maybe 2-3 points in the game, and it has no weight to it when things really do start happening.All in all, the game is short, does not reward you for taking your time to enjoy it, not at all immersive, and insulting on how you learn nothing and have to make up the answers to the plot yourself. You will most likely leave this game unsatisifed and feeling cheated out of what could have been a fun, mysterious horror setting journey. I do not recommend this."
76561198119606939,Recommended,424840,31403895,Posted: 27 April,all,Kameron,10/10 best Dark Souls game.
76561198148127825,Not Recommended,424840,33548765,Posted: 14 July,all,Tiny Snowcloud,"I heard about this game in April, and thought it sounded cool, but had no money. So I shrugged and ignored it. But then Dan Bull's amazing rap about it got me excited, and I allowed myself to be dragged in. And while I was playing it, I really did quite enjoy it. The puzzles were fun, clever, and exciting. But then it ended. After 74 minutes, this game ended. I was very upset at this shorter-than-protagonist game, but I did some research before reacting to see what was what. I heard rumors that the 'Secrets of the Maw' DLC would be free for those who'd purchased the game, and I was placated. Happy? No, but placated. Now the DLC is released for an additional $4, and I'm very upset. Bandai Namko -- a very large corporation, I might add -- is charging $20 for a base experience of just over an hour. It feels like I'm being robbed.Tl;drFun game, a decent player could probably finish in less than an hour, and the pricetag is far too high."
76561198180668757,Not Recommended,424840,32756805,Posted: 24 June,all,Venomous,"This would be really fun, if the game's mechanics were far more friendly - trying to make a scroller into a ""3D"" game is a waste of time:  you fall off ledges easily, you have to desern which are actually ledges, and simply screen cuts to help you 'see' your atmosphere, the edges of items and ledges are difficult and clumsy to grab with the hit box of the character, you have to be nearly 'dead on' every single time in order to actually interact with objects/doors/containers making for a very LONG and frustrating experience - especially in chase scenes you have to repeat a dozen times until you find those sweet spots; all this, which completely takes away from what it could have been.  The environments are Tim Burtoneske, which has a nice grimy, shades of grey, grotesque feel, but it's so obserdly mishapen, the girl seems more like a mouse... than a child in them.  Overall, the game's handling sucks and brings it DOWN to a strong five, maybe a weak six out of ten for me personally.  If it weren't for said mechanics, and been easier to not randomly fall off the map like a true scroller with the occasional obvious jump gap, it would have flowed like the games ""Limbo"" or ""Inside,"" (ten out of tens there) and been a wonderful nine out of ten for art and speechless story."
,Recommended,424840,31403898,Posted: 27 April,all,Capitalism,I have never been so terrifyed in my life. For the short time that I have played this game it deserves credit were credit is due.
76561198058915646,Recommended,424840,31450600,Posted: 29 April,all,Lord Stoginator,Spooky and entertaining platformer/puzzle game. If you like Inside/Limbo definitely give this game a shot.
76561198014321081,Recommended,424840,31497783,Posted: 1 May,all,Morf,"The most beautiful game I've played this year, absolutely stunning, it's not to short, it wonderfully tickles your imagination, it's perfectly eerie with some unexpected dark twists. I've played this through twice now and I plan to play it a 3rd time. This is such a special game, it really tests the moronic ideals of ""I'm not paying £10 for 2 hours of game play"" and passes gracefully. The mechanics are simple and the puzzles relatively basic, it doesn't get lost in the ""git gud"" meta we're all living in.My god this game was special."
,Recommended,424840,31439394,Posted: 29 April,all,Buster,"Alright, so to start off little Nightmares was an amazing game with great graphics and a great story. AI and other mechanics were very well excecuted. The game was really ♥♥♥♥ed up in the best of ways, but it did fall short.Fininshing the entire game in 3-4 hours while the game had a price tag of $24.99 CAN. And almost no replayability unless you want all achivements or you want to break all the hidden statues or light all the lanterns or whatever.This is a great game, don't get me wrong. But I think the game is laqueing the length it needed. Although the story wrapped up sufficiently well (No spoilers) I think some FREE DLC should be in order because of it's short game lengthAlso, Enphasis on free because if we paid like 25$ for a 3 hour game don't you think you should get more for free?Critiques aside, Great game. Buy it and you wont regret it, I'm just saying there was so much more room for improvement"
76561198089951764,Recommended,424840,31673033,Posted: 10 May,all,|TvM| Dinkleberg,"its a really cool game and all but i find its way too short of a game to price it at 25$, i'd say max 15"
,Recommended,424840,33011403,Posted: 29 June,all,Bantei KiKi Chyne,"This game gave me the heebie-jeebies that I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants when i'm getting chased or when the enemy are close by.Its dark and atmospheric environment combined with the errie music makes it more creepy. The plot is very interesting making me want more of it ( can't wait to see what's in store in the DLC). The controls are simple, gameplay mechanics are smooth and the visuals are beautiful.The game however is too short and a bit pricey (would be better if the DLCs are also included). I bought it on sale for 9$ (excluding the DLC) in my counrty and it's worth it.10/10"
76561198150529695,Recommended,424840,32512908,Posted: 17 June,all,sunny3,"The game is very good and is very fun the only real problem is that the controles are a bit ""strange"" at times but this realy only accured to me during the realy intense parts. Over all if you like the look buy it. I do recomend that you take your time it is short, but taking a slower pace can make it not only creeper but gives a chance to let the seting sink in."
,Recommended,424840,33190521,Posted: 3 July,all,yohansbeanprout07,"IF YOU HAVE PLAYEDLIMBOANDINSIDER, YOU MUST PLAY THIS ONE TOO. IT IS LIKE THE HARDCORE VERSION OF THEM WITH SO MANY PUZZLE BUT NOT SO HARD.don't mind the caps I'm always ragging"
,Recommended,424840,32902425,Posted: 27 June,all,Fuji,"One of the best horror games ive played to date if not the best ive ever played. While the ""scare"" factor in LN isnt as strong as it would be in Amnesia for example, the pure fear of running from the twins or janitor is enough to get your adrenaline pumping. LN takes you on a trip as ""Six"" a little girl trying to find her way out of this prison. Explore as well as complete the story alongside ""nomes"" friendly little creatures like the main character. Pretty optimized game so most can play it and replayability is quite fun especially with new DLC launching in July. 10/10 amazing games and I will never not recommend this to someone with the will to play a single player game in their downtime."
,Recommended,424840,31547222,Posted: 4 May,all,BAGHEERA,"oh what i can say about this game :you know this the type of game that you ain't gonna see every day here on steam, hell ! not every year evenyou can stop at any moment and look at the game and embrace yourself by the beauty of this game, the details oh my lord the detailsthe developers spent time on making it as perfect as possibleyou just feel like everything is damn realyou will experience it by  yourself when gonna play itit play well and I really enjoyed it like REALLYand at the end of it, i felt emotionally touched like never beforeI was shocked for the whole credit part lmaosome people are complaining about the length of itI mean imo when you have such quality game who care about the length of it /?this game is way cheap to what it offers to be honest,,,if you kinda the person who look for such great games yet simplesthis one is for you BUY IT"
,Recommended,424840,31410748,Posted: 28 April,all,|H.C_R&D|®,"3.5 hours and completed. Was the game amazing, absolutely!. The game is scary and the art is amazing and the music is spot on for the atmosphere, that is dark depressing and also beautiful when it comes to a game like this. Is it worth the money atm, idk to be honest, the game is a bit too short imo, but if it had some more lvl's in it, i would say the money would had been a bit more worth it.One thing i hope the dev would make story DLC's after completeing the game or a sequel.It would be a waste to end a game like this, it has so much potential.But i def would recommend the game, it runs amazing, and is just a treat for people who likes a non dialogue and scary puzzel platform horror games with a story in it that is amazing.But i would suggest the dev to think about a sequel or DLC story continuation of this amazing game.10/10"
76561198086105750,Recommended,424840,31411089,Posted: 28 April,all,Mecoboy,"While the price may seem a little steep for at most a 5 hour game I still felt the need to recommend this game to people. If you loved games like Limbo and Inside this is definitely a game you would enjoy.Pros-Absolutely amazing sound design (the monster sounds, the ambient noise, and the music are all done very well)-Very intense encounters (almost every enemy encounter just made me so nervous and waiting for them to end)-Amazing atmosphere (all the levels are done with very clear care and creativity and all feel very uneasy to traverse)-Simple and easy to follow story that can still bring up surprises with how things play out-Very satisfying endingCons-Only 5 hours long and doesn't seem like it offers much replay value aside from getting collectibles-Some controls feel awkward and doesn't work when you need them to (good example was when I grabbed a ledge and couldn't climb up even though there was enough space and was forced to let go and die so I can try again, another thing I don't like is how you have to manually climb every ledge as it sometimes makes movement very awkward)And that's I really have to say and I would definitely recommend this small little gem."
,Recommended,424840,31411061,Posted: 28 April,all,Bread,"Pros:+ Visually, horrifying, adorable, and breathtaking all at the same time. The overall art style is likely my favorite thing about this game.+ Control wise, Six is able to pick up objects and throw them, climb, run and a few other things which makes exploring the multitude of environments fun, although I did have a few gripes here and there, specifically with swinging sections where Six would randomly let go, however that could be hardware on my end.+ Its spoopy. Unlike a lot of other horror games on the market, Little Nightmares doesn't rely on jumpscares considering how few there were in game. Instead it uses its art style, lighting and amazing sound design to bring out anxiety and fear just from walking through a corridor. The monster designs and animations also helps to drive this forward as their inhuman shapes and irregular movements make for extremely tense and  uncomfortable situations.Cons:- Length. I managed to complete the game in just over 3 hours. This was completely blind, ignoring most of the collectables, and this was largely down to the number of acts in the game. This doesn't make the game worse by any means, however it does struggle to support its £16 price tag.Overall its definitely a must play game, but I would recommend perhaps waiting for it to go on sale if you're already on the fence about it. If you already know you'll enjoy it, grab it, its definitely a fantastic experience."
76561198154776779,Recommended,424840,31518516,Posted: 2 May,all,*TURPRO*,"Have to say, this game was very good. The puzzles werent hard but the playthru with the creepyness of the characters and props made the game. Id recomend it. DLC please devs."
,Recommended,424840,31411249,Posted: 28 April,all,Chief.,"Amazing atmosphere and graphics. Awesome story reminiscent of Inside. Only takes 2-3 hours to finish, but every minute is exciting. If $20 is nothing to you, or if you are a die hard fan of Inside or Limbo, this game is definitely a buy. If you casually came across the game and aren't completely sold on whether or not you want to spend $20 for 2 hours of joy (and most importantly, supporting great devs), wait for a sale. Just be sure to play it eventually."
76561198056890692,Recommended,424840,31423044,Posted: 28 April,all,Nautilisk,"The game is horrifically beautiful, but criminally short. ~3.5 hours of gameplay in a standard playthrough for $20 doesn't seem worth it to me; nevertheless, It's a masterpiece of a story with one of the most beautifully portrayed worlds I've ever seen. Very easily a newfound classic."
76561198173985190,Recommended,424840,32853421,Posted: 27 June,all,PolarDaScene,Bad game if you don't have a controller. It's almot unplayable without it.
,Recommended,424840,31417309,Posted: 28 April,all,Baby Tea,"This is a fantastic game, with amazing art design, hella-creepy enemies, good level design, good puzzles that will make you stop to think, but not make you stuck. It flows well, the atmosphere is perfecting in how unsettling it is, and again: The enemies. Super creepy.The elephant in the room is that it's $20 USD (I paid $24.99 CAD) for 3 hours worth of game. This is a problem for a lot of people, and I understand that. But I do not regret the purchase in the slightest. It was a great experience, a creepy and ambiguous story, and I was having way too much fun to care about how long it took. It you're a huge fan of Inside, or Limbo, or other games in that vein, then I'd say it's worth the price of admission. If you're unsure, getting it at $15 or less would be a steal."
76561198213387056,Recommended,424840,31450604,Posted: 29 April,all,Nairiel,"This is one of the most unique puzzle platformer 4d horror game out of all the similar games made before this.I recommend it 11/10 for anyone who is into these types of games, and even if you aren't, you really shold give it a go.The controls are simple the graphics are fine and the concept is amazing not to mention the storyline.Everything is either decent or perfect or above average and I give the developers a big round of applause for bringing this game into light.I bought the game 3 months too early and I was really excited when I finally got to play it and wasn't disappointed at all.As creepy as this game is, it also has a hint of adorableness in it and majesticity at the end, I really hope there is a sequel to this because I would buy it faster than the biggest nerds out there."
,Recommended,424840,33373402,Posted: 8 July,all,TVGirl,"Beautiful art, personally that is why I bought the game as I was never really in to horror games.It is somehow thrilling yet peaceful at the same time.The design is sometimes very captivating that I had to stop and stare.AND the ending is amazing."
,Recommended,424840,31985559,Posted: 26 May,all,Does Bad Things Guy,spook
,Recommended,424840,35030150,Posted: 17 September,all,KayWyEss,"WarningDoes contain spoilers.Little nightmares begins with you waking up at the start of the prison, the opening location, where you are greeted by a nightmare of a strage woman, ending with you, six, waking up in a breifcase and proceeding through a dark corridor, ending with a hatch and a lamp.Now, just from these opening few seconds, thirty or so, what do we learn?Disproportionization:Waking up INSIDE a briefcase? Being about as tall as a lamp? From these opening shots we know we aren't in the normal world, or atleast what we are seeing is somehow distorted. The developers use this technique to try to emphasize the helplessness of your situation.Colours (or lack of):The colour pallet of the game is almost genious in how simplistic but inspired it is. In a world where everything is either grey or black, and fades into the walls, Six is yellow. (her?) bright yellow raincoat is a direct contrast to almost everything is the game, showing the innocents of Six and the depressing reality of the Prison.You are not alone, but is that a good thing?The world you are in isn't empty, infact, its full of people and creatures, some massive, many small and most wanting you dead and in there stomach. What I firsted noticed was that no enemy was the same! Some has hidiously long arms, some are so fat there almost one blob and some are suprising similar to you! This all links back to the disproportionizm from earlier.THIS REVIEW ISN'T FINISHED! I WILL CONTINUE IT WHEN I'VE FINISHED SOME MORE OF THE GAME!"
76561198292525598,Recommended,424840,34842797,Posted: 9 September,all,AnyBeeth,"I like this game, because graphic is so smooth, and the climate in gameplay.Just brilliant!I would like to see more games like this, and well, I am still waiting for the DLC!(Hard to the Core is too chard to me to achieve.)"
,Recommended,424840,35072903,Posted: 19 September,all,Akribator,"First of all: The game is rather short. I played through it in 4,9hrs. BUT! The length doesn't matter because the game is like an old book from your childhood that gave you the creeps by its strange and eerie pictures, characters and places. There are many little details and a soundtrack that might give you goosebumps. The atmosphere of this game is astounding and even though there's not one spoken word in this game it creates tension and fear it's unreal.Even though it's short, for me it was fully worth the price. The lovely crafted scenery, the creepy and disgusting characters as well as the cute nomes are reason enough for playing it, not to speak of all the wonderful ideas the team has put in, the awesome camera movement (the last games where i liked the camera angle and movement that much because of its unique design were resident evil and silent hill). I'm not a fan of novels but if this game was book i'd read it right away.So when are you going to get your little nightmares?"
,Recommended,424840,35033278,Posted: 17 September,all,Coyote,"In short:+ graphic, mechanic, atmosphere, story, game design- relatively shortIs it worth buying it? If on sale, than this is no brainer if you like this kind of games (Limbo, Inside). Full price (20€) seems little too much for this amount of content."
76561198057787572,Recommended,424840,31409169,Posted: 27 April,all,VERY COOL,"It's short. 5 hours short. So don't go in expecting something massive, because that's not what you'll get. And the controls are a bit frustrating, too.I just don't know about this one. The price is certainly reasonable at $20, and the horror is there... but the controls are just... bad. Not GAME-BREAKINGLY bad, but bad.It sure was lovely, though. Certainly has a Tim-Burton stylization about it. So if you're into that, pick up this game. You'll enjoy it.TL;DR- If you like Tim Burton movies, get this one ya git."
,Recommended,424840,31429965,Posted: 28 April,all,DerelictJustice,This was such a cool little platformer. I absolutely loved it start to finish. It's creepy enough that it made me uncomfortable but not so much so that I wanted to stop playing. I highly recommend it right now but know that it only takes about 2.5-3 hours to beat.
,Recommended,424840,31488073,Posted: 1 May,all,polo,"Even tho it is only a +3 hr game, it is worth every cent of the 20€ price. If you've played Limbo and Inside, you will love this game, i think this is even better than them. This game gives you sort of a childhood dreamworld-like-a-feeling in a chilling and scary way.This game is a piece of art. It really is. The controls are perfect, the graphics are perfect, the physics are perfect, the atmosphere is so beautiful and yet scary at the same time.It also says ""Checking for downloadable contect"" when you launch the game, so i think there will be (hopefully free) DLC's coming at some point, that might also be one of the reasons for the 20€ price. Even if there never was any DLC, it still is worth of every cent. I'm so happy that i bought it and played it at one sitting in 3.2 hrs.Play it at night, when you're alone and have an extra 2 - 4 hours of time.I can see that the devs really put their heart in to this game and it really is one of the most artistic games that i have ever played.Will play it again and find all the secrets. If the price was 40€, i would still buy this game.10/10"
76561198068311091,Recommended,424840,31446698,Posted: 29 April,all,Cake,"It's short but damn it's good. The visuals are gorgeous, controls are simple and atmosphere is down right yukky (in a good way). I'd love to see more from this universe in the future as it's so damn creepy and as suggested, it does tap into some of those childhood fears, that soon come back up to the surface.I think if it had been longer, it would have become quite 'samey' and the quality of the character design and environments would have been diluted somewhat. The final cinematic i guess suggests that there could be more adventures to come on an island (which i whole heartedly approve of).It aint cheap but its visually finished to perfection and you get pulled into the gross and twisted world of Six, trying to work out exactly what is going on.PLEASE SIR, CAN I HAVE SOME MORE!"
,Recommended,424840,31441752,Posted: 29 April,all,TheNakedMartian,"This is the first time I have reviewed any game on steam ever, because I think this game deserves every credit it can get.Best game I have played in years.The atmosphere is terrific; from the sound design to the lighting, to the use of depth and it's unique art style, everything works flawlessly together.The art is stunning; rarely do you see a game as beautiful and unique in it's art style as this one, one of the best ever out there for sure. It's a crossover between Tim Burton and Salvardo Dali, it's gorgeous and has an ultimate impact on the eerie, surreal, intimidating setting it is trying to create.The gameplay is so much fun; it's creepy but not to the extent that you need to take a break to regain your sanity. You want to keep playing, you want to explore every little corner and secret passage, you want to live the nightmare over and over again. The story is also very well developed in the sense that you aren't given much information and want to keep playing to find out what this place is, why you're here, and where you are going.The level design is genious; the puzzles are extremely engaging and entertaining. They are rarely immediately obvious and encourage you to explore the area to it's fullest, they are very varied and allow for a very unique and new experience in each room, and they are challenging but not to the extent where you want to give up and not play the game for a while, you can clearly do it and will try until you do.So to conclude; people need to stop whining about the £15.99, that price is more than generous to how much time and effort the developers clearly put into this product. The game is perfect.  It may only be 3 hours or so but those are three hours of some the highest quality of gameplay you will ever experience. Those three hours also depend on how much you look around and ponder to admire the art and design of the environment. Plus, those are three hours you can easily play over and over again.I mean people are complaining because they want more, so it's so good that they can't get enough of it.Ultimately,You most definitely get your money's worth. This game is a rare masterpiece."
,Recommended,424840,31404753,Posted: 27 April,all,Helter Skelter,"Immersive atmosphere and excellent sound and animations. It's said that it's a short game, but it's well worth it for the art direction and the great characters and spooky ambience."
76561198068813222,Recommended,424840,31727600,Posted: 13 May,all,jemoigean,"it's rare that i like a game so much that i put a review on steam.This gem is one of these rare exceptions.The atmosphere and story will seize you by your guts. You'll regret being hungry...Fear not, though, the horror is very well dosed. No jumpscare or cheap trick like that. Even a ♥♥♥♥♥ player like me could finish it with pleasure.11/10, I'm just sad there isn't more of it."
,Recommended,424840,34598578,Posted: 29 August,all,Certified Panda Handler,Buy this game and buy the dlc. Trust me the trailers do not do it justice.
,Recommended,424840,31406078,Posted: 27 April,all,ben,"its good its a game(for me anyway) to take in small parts i feel like i will find myself playing it here and their till i beat it. and i cna see myself trying to speed run it, only problem is checkpoints. stills a great game"
76561198326480646,Recommended,424840,31405172,Posted: 27 April,all,CR7,"As i expected every aspect of this game is awesome.. graphics,sound,design of characters and stage design.controls are ok too and interaction with objects is added to the pros.this is the best indie game ive ever played overall.i fully recommend little nightmares friends so go for it and enjoy the creepy yet beautiful environment for yourselves"
76561198064916756,Recommended,424840,31424243,Posted: 28 April,all,Ronoc,Ok so price is high for 3 hour game but you are paying for a piece of art. Worth ever last penny:)
,Recommended,424840,31500006,Posted: 1 May,all,No cheese Gromit,"By far one of the best games I have played all year. This game not only is a nice challenge but the atmosphere is what really makes it so good. There are no cheap jump scares that most other horror games use, I dont know if I would even call this horror, it is very spooky and suspensful though. It is easy to tell they worked hard to get a very good game thats full of puzzles, suspense, action, scary atmosphere, keeps you wondering about what is actually happening story wise, and relief.I would HIGHLY recommend to my friends and have to most of them!My rating is a good ol 9/10.If you dont want to spend the money they are asking for (Which in my opinion is 100% fair), wait for it to go on sale then buy it! Even if its only like 20% off it is still worth every penny."
,Recommended,424840,31648298,Posted: 9 May,all,[OSF]Cothonian,"Love this game to death. Art style is ecellent, gameplay/puzzels are for the most part well done.The game has a legitimately creepy atmosphere to it, as well as kind of a sad, abstract element.Only issue was that it was too short. While the first half was excellent, the second half felt rushed, like the devs were too eager to get to the end. Some more time for buildup and developement of the world would have been helpful. Overall the in-game world feels like a massive place, yet the game shows so little of it."
76561198195198498,Recommended,424840,31430807,Posted: 28 April,all,Cleocatra,I'd like to thank God for making the people that made this game.11/10
,Recommended,424840,31409109,Posted: 27 April,all,Николь Ваттерсон,"Pros:+ Amazing graphics+ Attractive narrative+ very good ambientation, generating great feeling of tension+ the music and the sounds are fantastic+ Attractive and well designed puzzlesCons:- Inaccurate control in some occasions where more precision is needed- The absence of a tutorial could be misleading- Quite short8/10 (8 because the short duration. i ended the game in 4 hours...)"
76561198066103382,Recommended,424840,31410205,Posted: 27 April,all,Nomellie,I don't usually reveiw a game but I saw Pewdiepie played the demo of this game so I decided to pre- order...I really Love the gameplay ... it smell like Limbo or Inside ... in the other way it reminds me of Alice Madness Return. if you love Dark Style Art work. I recommed this game ><
,Recommended,424840,31480356,Posted: 30 April,all,zinnia,It's cute yet horrifying.
76561198157236483,Recommended,424840,31480013,Posted: 30 April,all,Maya,"A masterpiece.Pros: the music, the art, the gamplay.Cons: i won't sleep tonight."
,Not Recommended,424840,34892832,Posted: 11 September,all,Pinkness,Game tries really hard to be inside or limbo but the 3D aspect repeatedly led to me dying to things because I couldnt really tell what depth I needed to be for jumps etc. Controls are terrible there for no reason is a sprint button that you will constantly be holding down and it makes no sense because there is a sneak button as well. I can't for the life of me figure out why you would ever want to walk anywhere where you didnt have to sneak. There are also quite a few inconsistencies with the mechanics. Early on the game tells you that you have to push a button in elevators to get them to move by bringing an object and throwing it at the button but then later on they just magically know when you get on them and go themselves. Theres also times when a puzzle solution would be so much easier if you could just climb on things that would easily be climbable in other parts of the game but because game you simply can no longer climb on things sometimes.The atmosphere of the game is admittedly rather creepy and interesting however the story forces you to do things that dont really make any sense which kind of ruins it.I died countless times to things I knew how to solve or patch but the controls perspective and mechanics just made it more difficult than it should have been. Still however the game took less than 3 hours for me to complete. I got it on a steam sale for around half price and I feel slightly ripped off still. I cannot imagine paying 20 dollars for this.
,Recommended,424840,31691612,Posted: 11 May,all,CONIN,"I'd begin this brief review by saying that, considering the price point of this game, I would not recommend buying it unless it's on sale, or at least at half its current price, because it's really really short.Besides that, it's a pretty entertaining title that I can compare to the likes of LIMBO and INSIDE, with the difference that ""Little Nightmares"" was published by Bandai, and, perhaps, that's the only reason of its current/release selling price; if you enjoyed those games, then, you'll like ""Little Nightmares"" as well, there's no doubt about that.The game is a really simple platformer/scroller with no complications at all, you just have to guide your little character from one point to another, just exactly as you did in LIMBO, with only a few sections where you'll need to interact with the environment in order to proceed. Maybe due to its simplicity, they tried to compensate with a few hidden thingies that will help you get some Steam Achievements later on, but they do not affect at all your gameplay, you can ignore them completely.I enjoyed the obscure, gloomy, dark atmosphere, but the sound effects diminished the ambience because, in my opinion, they're not on par with the rest of the game, I'd dare to say that the sound effects are even worse than those you find in an alpha, pre-release or even an early access game.PROS:- Catchy.- Entertaining.- Atmospheric.- Trippy.CONS:- Extremely short.- Low audio quality.- Soundtrack available only in MP3.- Expensive (considering how short it isand considering LIMBO and INSIDE releaseprice was less than half of what""Little Nightmares"" costs.- Hidden DLC's you have to ask/look for in other websites."
,Recommended,424840,31852944,Posted: 19 May,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"Weird as ♥♥♥♥ in a beautiful way, buy it. Bit short tho."
,Recommended,424840,31569162,Posted: 5 May,all,NeXuS23,"System InfoOS: Windows10 x64CPU: i7-7700@4.2GhzRAM: 32GB DDR4@2800GPU: GTX-1080-OC@~2GhzHDD: 512GB M.2 SSD, 256GB/1TB UASP USB3.1 SSD, 2TB SATA3HDD: *Game was installed on 1TB UASP USB3.1 SSDPositive- Permanent Scary Atmosphere- Good Cute-Dark 'Spirited Away' inspired Graphics- Good Atmospheric Sound FX- Interesting and Cute Riddles- Additional Masks available- Game never crashed or freezed- No In-Game Bugs encountered- Isn't Denuvo Anti Consumer infectedNegative- Sometimes a bit finicky and inconsistent Controls- Some Timings are a bit too tight which results in Trial and Error and cheap deaths instead skill and fun- At 4K opening the Steam Overlay and clicking something freezes Steam Overlay (But Game itself doesn't so i don't know if this is an issue with the Game or with Steam Client)- None of the Concept Art did unlock like it should have after hugging all Nomes and finding all GeishasNeutral- Is quite short and can be finished in under an Hour if you simply run troughAdditional InfoI played the Game at 4K Ultra on the LG OLED TV with a wireless Xbone Controller and everything was smooth as butterConclusionIf you like Games like Limbo or Inside then get this one, it is quite different but very good and definitely worth getting"
76561198022820837,Recommended,424840,31484708,Posted: 1 May,all,Peaky,"Yes the game is short, however if you're a fan of such games like Limbo then you shall thoroughly enjoy Little Nightmares."
76561198115346665,Not Recommended,424840,35042022,Posted: 18 September,all,Alexander,"This game could be a great storytelling art piece. Although it is more like an action horror paced arcade puzzle game with what I personally call “Mario” gameplay of jumping and doing timed passed objectives. Main character can't grab and pull out objects properly or cannot respond quickly on input commands. Instead, a player is forced to spend nerves on pushing controller buttons in frustration rather than spending nerves on actual atmospheric and spookiness of this great nightmare world.  I thought this is similar to Amnesia games. Where the story is told by exploring and the gameplay spooks and ""trolls"" the player almost passively. Where a lot of phycological tension going on but yet no fast-paced action. Only a little.There is no narration and explanation to the works your are in. It might be a good artistic approach for the game to let player figure out what is going on and why. At least there could be a small written texts or notes scattered around puzzle levels to tell the player the story… Or maybe main character thoughts while being in the nightmare…Puzzles are uninformative, there are no hints where to start unless if you take your time to explore and poke your noise at things to figure out.  That is, actually a good approach” because it forces you to “immerse” into this strange world and explore, look around. Although it does not apply if your character is under threat and a player needs to figure it out  the puzzle very fast. And here come trial and error. Tried once - fail - start over. Fail again, start over from the checkpoint. 2’d and 3rd  try  give you an impulse/motivation to try again, especially in tense spooky situations.  After 10th failing you start to loose that atmospheric roleplay as you go the same thing over again just to be able to move into the next puzzle room.  You take off your high-quality headphones off, pause you immersive felling as it is no longer pleases you, turn off volume and look closely into the monitor with your fingers trying to do Olympic gymnastics to quickly press buttons for your character's movements to do quickly in sequential order as quickly as possible in the only sequence you have to do - there are no alternative routes, no alternative solution to puzzle solving. It is a straight up mono gameplay. At first I love the immersions of this game but out of frustration, gave up on this and have not finished it. Do not want to break ""RT"" button on the controller nor my mouse.  I genuinely wish I could put a “so-so” recommendation, although this small review looks like a ""rage quit"" big comment. It is better to watch a good youtube silent lets-play,  should it become a spooky movie. One off game."
,Not Recommended,424840,31452474,Posted: 29 April,all,$ickest,"Very short game, not challenging at all, no real story to it and has no replay value.  I'd wait until it's around $5 tbh.   Don't even know what pre-oprder bonuses were but asking $20 for this is far too much."
,Not Recommended,424840,34944627,Posted: 14 September,all,PuddingSkin,"Its a good and fun game. Artwork reminds me of Tim Burton esq style movies but this game is, simply put, way over priced. 4 hours on record and I have beat the game and the first installment of DLC. It just not worth it in the most literal sense."
,Not Recommended,424840,33147187,Posted: 2 July,all,Exorcizm,"The checkpoints are very confusing as it always starts me back futher than where I'm at when I see the stupid eye flashing in the corner signifying the game is saving. And the game is constantly making my controller rumble and then NEVER TELLS IT TO STOP. I have to take the batteries out of the controller to get it to stop shaking like a magnitude level 9 earthquake is happening inside of it because there's NO OPTION TO TURN OFF THE STUPID CONTROLLER VIBRATION IN THE MENU. I hate you Nintendo. For inventing that stupid obnoxious rumble pak in the first place. ♥♥♥♥ you Nintendo 64, Starfox 64, and the devs of this game for ruining it by leaving out a very COMMON and simple option. This game is not a little Nightmare. It's a huge one."
,Not Recommended,424840,31431265,Posted: 28 April,all,Fraddy  V™,too short gameno challenging puzzlesno strong storyandits priceonly good thing about this game is its atmosphere and its ARTrecommend this game on sale  and that too less than RS 400
76561198218165596,Recommended,424840,33201934,Posted: 3 July,all,WHYYY,"Great game. One of my favorites. I have one question, whats the difference between the ""complete edition"" and the regular game? does the complete edition come with the DLC?"
76561198728795193,Recommended,424840,33001202,Posted: 29 June,all,Lt_Tac0,"This is definately a game that I would recommend. I do not suggest children under the age of thirteen to play this because it can be frightening at times; however, with adult supervision it might be alright. I mean every child is different. In any case, it is a wonderful game!"
,Recommended,424840,31531697,Posted: 3 May,all,finniepickle,An appallingly good game
,Recommended,424840,33069768,Posted: 30 June,all,thomassorngrym,"Little Nightmares is a delightfully horrific platform game filled with twisted creatures, devious puzzles, and lavishly artistic levels that was an absolute joy to play.  The game itself was challenging enough to keep your interest but not so challenging that you couldn’t finish it; and it was the deliciously disturbing story and the ""oh my, what can possibly be next?"" that kept my interest from the very beginning to the very end.I recommend using a controller for this game as using the keyboard was quite awkward.  Additionally, I recommend playing in the dark with headphones on and the volume up for an amazing experience.I will be getting the DLC to continue the story of Little Nightmares and can't wait to see what surprises await me."
76561198384918483,Recommended,424840,33086251,Posted: 1 July,all,cat gamer god,has to be one of my top 10 games 10/10 game of the year 2017 best horror game yetepic game
76561198038355310,Recommended,424840,33098106,Posted: 1 July,all,☭★Nasser☭★,لعبة جميلة و ممتعة
,Recommended,424840,33253898,Posted: 4 July,all,sabien822,highly recommended to anyone who enjoyed Limbo and Inside
,Recommended,424840,32723234,Posted: 24 June,all,Fevz,"Best game I have ever played! BUT, it was to short... 8/10 cuz you  will need to buy 10€ dlc to get more and to short.."
,Recommended,424840,32412634,Posted: 14 June,all,Phiore,"Summing up the Pros and Cons:+ Innovative Gameplay+ Beautiful graphics with high artistic value+ Horror without Jumpscares+ High RePlay-value- Way too short, can be played through in 2.5 h if you try to discover everything- Expensive- Good controls but Jump'n'Run-Scenes often have to be played twice because the camera changes frequently (deaths guaranteed)Summary: Good game and fun to play but it's weaknesses are that it is not made by a more experienced team."
76561198018329330,Recommended,424840,33102028,Posted: 1 July,all,Primal Fear,"In short: 10/10 creepiness factor, exciting gameLonger version:What can you expect? A 2.5D platformer (graphically as well as  gameplay wise) with impressive creepy atmosphere (not exactly horror, but really damn creepy), great ambience sounds and graphics and linear levels with a few hidden areas/objects. The possibility to move the camera a bit with the right stick nicely adds to the atmosphere.Some parts of the game are exploration, some puzzle, some basically stealth. Difficulty is mostly not that hard, only some platformer parts later in the game are a bit more difficult because of the seemingly unpredictability of the well ""obstacles"".I originally thought that the so called stealth parts wouldn't be for me, too frustrating, but I especially enjoyed these parts too. Actually I even found it fun to have to try some of these parts a few times  because they were so funny watch. I would even go so far to say that this game was for me the only somehow challenging platformer with absolutely no frustration at all.Get it as long as it is 25% off, fully worth it."
,Recommended,424840,31424010,Posted: 28 April,all,Atlanta☆  PUBG-ROLL.RU,"Hey dear player!I have been playing the ""dome"" of this game and i thought that is was great. I was superhyped when i got reliced and i bought it strait away. I havent compleated the game yet after 3 hours of playtime. I thought the game was going to be around 3 hours but it is longer. The puzzles are gread and the developers have thought of everything. The game is realy scary in its own game and i recomend it for your first horrorgame.I would give this game 8.5/10 because you dont realy get a tetorial. If u got a tetorial the game would be perfect.Peace out //William"
,Recommended,424840,33147488,Posted: 2 July,all,[Tom K],"A very nice horror adventure gameGraphicsare very nice. It's also quite efficiently running: even on my old machine it's fluid on ultra.Audioeffects are tremendous. They make it very dramatic.Controlsare quite smooth, although by default ""Grab"" shouldn't be on Mouse, beause you cant use WSAD, Arrows and Mouse at the same time. But you can change that of Course to R-CTRL or so.Thegameplayis fun, but has two minor issues. First, you are sometimes cursed to die first try. The element of surprise is too big to get the right way or the right strategy instantly. That's a bit sad, but it's not too bad. Second, there is quite some unclearness, how you trigger the enemies (especially the first one) and when they see/hear/small you and when not and where safespots are or where not. But it didn't feel too bad and is probably part of the horror feeling. The final boss fight required me to die like 10 times until I figured what is to do (Although afterwards its pretty obvious...). But these are just minor issues and are not disturbing too much.There is like nostoryto the game, but I didn't miss it. It's just the what it is: a little nightmare with weird creatures on a mysterious place;)Especially in the end, Little Nightmare caused a lot of pulse, even for me. I usually try to keep some distance to the game, but this one is really thrilling.With only about 4 hours of gameplay, it is with 19$ too expensive though. I recommend to pick it up on sale.I give it9/10, when not considering the expense."
,Recommended,424840,33291299,Posted: 5 July,all,Satanikus,a fantastic indie game with art styles  similar to tim burton with ico style gameplayeach area hada eerie feel too it and when your being hunted your anxiety goes up tenfold .normally indie games dont perk my interest havent played one that held me since contrast but this one isa solid 4 and half stars for me. the level design was perfect and the entities that chase you throughout the game were well done i loved the long armed man and the buffet area those kept me on edge the part shown in the trailer with the chef wasa little lackluster for me i didnt find him that frightening but the rest so far has beeen amazing kudos to the developers on this definately worth a buy
,Recommended,424840,33360242,Posted: 7 July,all,ChimpAss_Koba,"Honest Review:The Truth is, this game is amazing, great art style and graphics, interesting scene driven story that will leave you thinking, and simple but exciting and even terrifying gameplay... but there is just... one major flaw... the games, even if played slow and with all secrets found... is only about 5 or 4 hours long... sadly i really cant tell anyone to drop the 20 dollars that it is worth... not when there are so many other games with a much longer and more content filled experience out there...wait for a sale and get it! it is really worth the buy, but not at $20."
,Recommended,424840,31548279,Posted: 4 May,all,NonPolynomial,"A game full of ""wow""s and ""wtf""s and an amazing design.A wonderful must-have game."
,Recommended,424840,33327373,Posted: 6 July,all,Xannies,"This is Art...This game gives you an astonishing / Atmospheric feeling, that also kinda makes its art style of the game,the visuals graphics look like Laika Entertainment's stop motion movies style and digital art combined with some dark , comic'ish gritty tones. I think this game is a true masterpiece. the story is starting to devolop itself and coming to surface with the following comic books of little nightmares etc and i enjoyed rly every second of Little Nightmare'S puzzles.I recommend this game to everyone who loves "" artistic sides of a game + interesting visuals, AI etc combined with a hybrid of 2d - 3d platform gameplay aspects. "" etc' on a game."
76561197985938301,Recommended,424840,31412791,Posted: 28 April,all,Dead Body Man,Beautiful game with amazingly creepy moments.  It was ver yfun and kept me moving to see what is around the next corner.  With that said at $20 it was way to short.  I would wait until a steam sale at $10 or below.  It took me 3 hours to beat and I wasnt exaclty doing a speed run just cruising and talking with my wife while steam linking the game.  7/10 if it were $10 I would give it a 9 for theme and overall graphics.
,Recommended,424840,33415625,Posted: 9 July,all,sewerrenegade,"Good game definitly recommended it, definition of quality over quantity. Though it could stand to be a bit cheaper."
,Recommended,424840,33383128,Posted: 8 July,all,ahbeejieh,"I'm all for ""short and sweet"", but this is a little too short for me (That's what she said, huh?). The presentation's worth it though and warrants a recommendation for it alone—I love all the Spirited Away-inspired stuff. I feel like I needed 5 more chapters for me to feel satisfied enough. Also, the controls are a little clunky. Congrats to the developers, eitherway, hope they make more games like this!"
,Recommended,424840,33435906,Posted: 10 July,all,F uͬ eͥ nͨ oͦ s,An absolute work of art
,Recommended,424840,32380213,Posted: 12 June,all,S̴h̴i̴n̷i̶,"By far one of my favorite games ever. I enjoy the platforming, the dark atmosphere, and getting chased by long armed monstrosities and/or fat chefs who would love to put me in their next meal.All in all, I purchased this game expecting nothing more than a jump-scare adventure, but instead I received a rather mysterious, and tiny, journeythrough a ship called the Mawplaying as a girl named Six, whom shows us that size really means very little in a world full of big terrifying creatures. I am one hell of a theorist and I enjoy thinking up reasons / answers towards unanswered portions of stories / games. This is one of those mysterious outcomes that gets me thinking for the next few weeks.I preordered the upcoming comic book, even purchased the PS4 Edition specifically for the figure and poster, and I do not regret it one bit. This game just earned a spot in my top favorite games. Well done Tasier Studios, I can't wait to see what you have in store for us when you release the first part of the DLC in July."
,Recommended,424840,32557104,Posted: 18 June,all,Saifula,"I'm going to differ from some of the reviews and say that its length is about right. It's maybe more expensive than it needs to be, but the length is just about correct to sustain the atmosphere of dread and fear it builds. If it went on too long, it'd become kitchy or ineffective and I enjoyed feeling a chill through the last frame. It's the little touches that make it for me, the startled awakening every time 6 dies and respawns, giving it a feeling of a perpetual nightmare, the sound design, the subtle but effective hunger mechanic - it's all a wonderfully detailed game that shows the obvious care that went into its development. Highly Recommended,"
76561197973233433,Recommended,424840,32550284,Posted: 18 June,all,DESTINATION F#%Ked,Very intense and fun game to play. 10/10 would play again.
76561198161906329,Recommended,424840,31794655,Posted: 16 May,all,lookslikerain75,"One of the best games i have played in a long time, really creepy. Brilliant game play great mix of puzzles sneaking around (which i normally hate but loved it) Was buzzing when i finally finished it. DLC please or a sequel genious game. I actually purchased a game contrller for the PC just to play this game epic."
,Recommended,424840,31571007,Posted: 5 May,all,FloatingSquares,"This game was amazing!! I loved so much about it. I usually don't like horror or and kind of scary games but this one was the acception. I've never played a game like this and let me just tell you... it blew my mind. Everything that happened in the game just had me shocked and excited for the next suprise. I definetly recommend EVERYONE should play this game. I didn't even have any dislikes with the game, that's how good it was. Nothing seemed wrong to me.. the story was perfect.. the graphics were perfect.. the idea of the nightmares was on spot.. and the overall just how fun it was. It was all perfect. Please make a sequel! :D"
76561198071036715,Recommended,424840,32727352,Posted: 24 June,all,Mieimsa,"Excellent game. The graphics are crisp, and motions are smooth. The game is well designed to run with both the mouse, or a controller"
,Recommended,424840,33465312,Posted: 11 July,all,PicklePumper,"Is it short?  Yes.  Yes it is.Is it awesome? Yes. Yes it is.If you're a fan of LIMBO and INSIDE mixed with a splash of suspense and horror, then you ABSOLUTELY need to play this game.  It was an AMAZING ride.9/10: -1 for shortness.   +9 for amazingness"
,Recommended,424840,33444539,Posted: 10 July,all,aceman11100,Love it
,Recommended,424840,33442583,Posted: 10 July,all,The Matchmaker,"I cannot possibly recommend this game enough. Tarsier Studios have done a stellar job with the games' atmosphere. The GFX, the sound design, the level design and aesthetic of the models, the story and it's implications...The game is short, admittedly (finished it in 3 hours) but it is a rollercoaster of an experience and it certainly felt like longer. (Plus, DLC no. 1 just released, with more planned as I understand it, not that you need that to enjoy it)The only faults I can find are that because the spaces and levels are in 3D but the camera is fixed, side-on perspective, it is difficult to judge the position/depth of some elements in the level, like holes in walls that are shown side-on, you need to crawl into, and during chase scenes, that can spell your death. And even though in general (not always) checkpoints are regular enough, sometimes you'll have to do a lot of things again after dying, which leads me to fault no. 2: doing a scene over and over due to death can make the horror feel and atmosphere peel off and ineffective. That, however, is true of all horror games with a degree of challenge. So, not entirely the game's fault.If you are a fan of grotesque (but not necessarily gory) horror, great storytelling and environmental puzzles, do yourself the favour and get this game. It left me craving for more: more gameplay, more story, and answers to the story it already told me.Fantastic job Tarsier Studios. You can be proud of this one."
76561198143272052,Recommended,424840,31638374,Posted: 8 May,all,Mr. Mayo,"Little Nightmares is a great game. While at no point horrifying me, I certainly felt a rush during chase scenes and some stealth parts as well. Which is totally fine, because this game has such an interesting world that I don't need to feel disturbed to enjoy playing the game.This game is not long, it took me 2 hours to beat, but I was having fun the entire time while playing. The monsters are imaginative and strange, the setting is depressing yet not overbearing or hopeless, the levels are fun to navigate, the art direction is smart and fits the setting perfectly, and best part is they don't try to ram some idiot story down your throat.I could easily see a company making this game about an empowering journey of some little girl that would have loads of exposition and flash backs to a happy childhood and about how she just wants to find her mom but that♥♥♥♥♥♥isnt here, and its a far batter game for it. You literaly just wake up in some♥♥♥♥♥♥hole prison in a raincoat and you just go. In fact, there isnt a single line of dialoge in this game. This game tells you a story by just showing you everything, which makes the world far more interesting, because its fun to explore the unkown for yourself and let your imagination run wild thinking about what is really going on. This game just wouldnt be the same if Six, the girl in the raincoat, spoke and whined and whimpered or if some narrator was giving you a college lecture on the history of the twin chiefs.The point im trying to make is that this game is very fun to play, and the game shows a lot of restraint with itself and lets you see this wierd world for yourself. The only problem I have with this game is that there is little to no reason to replay this game, and I dont see the need for a sequel. BUT, what would be awesome is if we saw more games set in this strange universe, maybe not playing as six but as someone else, and through them we could see more of this odd world.The game is good, but try to get it on sale."
,Recommended,424840,31422886,Posted: 28 April,all,Awesome_Welles,"First off. this game is fantastic for me, it was a perfect 10. it accomplished everything it needed to without running too long.Little nightmares feels like a game that might have been made 5 years from now, it's such a finely tuned polished little game. you may see a lot of reviews saying this game is too short. while it is short it's also a wonderful experience that is a step beyond games like the inside or limbo or any other game in this genre.it is very refreshing to see a game like this come to life, the atmosphere is amazing the world is very absorbing and the visual style is a fantastic blend of everything that makes good horror un-nerving without relying on shock gore or incredibly graphic imagery. For me this game feels like Rohl Dahl meets David Lynch, which can never be a bad thing.anyway, if you are even slightly intrigued by this game, just buy it and play it, it's incredible."
76561198273890880,Recommended,424840,31681862,Posted: 11 May,all,gruntsudens,It is very simple: Did You like Inside and/or Limbo? Yes? GET THIS GAME!
76561198103914258,Recommended,424840,31636241,Posted: 8 May,all,Brandi ✿,Amazing game! I really enjoyed it from start to finish although I wish it was longer :D
,Recommended,424840,31496952,Posted: 1 May,all,Sourceless,"Even though the game is only about 2/3 hours of game time, it really is a fun game to play. The art style and game design is really cool and unique. The devs definitely made a great game here, im just very sad that its over so soon. There are still things that you can try to collect/achieve after finishing the game, such as light all candles/lights in the game and break all dolls. That can add a couple of hours of fun.Conclusion: The game is very fun and interesting. But really short, so not really worth €20.Still, its a game that you'll remember for a long wile after playing cause of its misteriously/intriguing story. It honestly leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,424840,31710826,Posted: 12 May,all,opauken.,oli hauska pelasin peliä ja peli oli mukava peli
,Recommended,424840,32007814,Posted: 27 May,all,Makifun,If you have played Limbo and INSIDE this is a must-buy. Very beautiful game! 11/10
76561198073299201,Recommended,424840,31926199,Posted: 23 May,all,TIME TO ASCEND,"Stunning, a true masterclass of subtle, cinematic puzzle games (similar to limbo / inside). An unrelenting and sustained atmosphere of fear, coupled with disturbing music ambience and horrifying monsters gives this game a unique tone. Completed in 3 hours, I immediately want to play again for achievements and to look into every crook and cranny I may have missed. Although short, I believe this game is worth the full price."
,Recommended,424840,31924502,Posted: 23 May,all,🌧RainDrops🌧,"Its unique style is sooo goood, although throughout the whole game the story is not explained at all and there's no dialogue or notes when you finish it it kinda gives you an idea of what was going on. The graphics and characters are outstanding! Quite short thought."
76561198296862961,Recommended,424840,31984320,Posted: 26 May,all,jhiijkklm,"I love everything about this game. the style and atmosphere are perfect and it doesn't use jump scares or loud♥♥♥♥♥noises to freak you out (like most horror games nowadays) it's in your face with the deformed and grotesque people. Which is what I always prefer in anything horror. The one down side for me was that it is very short, I didn't expect it to last ages but it could've done with just a bit more content to justify spending 15.99. So I recomend that you grab this as soon as it's on sale because it is an awesomely horrifying game that keeps you hooked."
,Recommended,424840,31571568,Posted: 5 May,all,Nipher,Beautiful. all of it. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,424840,32189928,Posted: 4 June,all,ktaria,"Great puzzle game! Not too easy, not too hard."
,Recommended,424840,32509890,Posted: 17 June,all,Miss Miko,Scary and wierd. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197968963163,Recommended,424840,32543339,Posted: 18 June,all,R34lN1nj4,"Brilliant, clever, unsettling, awesome, just needed to be a bit longer imho, but now dying for the dlc"
,Recommended,424840,31460980,Posted: 30 April,all,little billy Trade-Skins.com,"Amazing game. The wait was worth it. Puzzles are relatively challenging at times and there are hints if you get stuck. Music is atmospheric, atmosphere is just perfect and the graphics are so cute yet disturbing at times. Definitely worth it. 10/10"
76561198137887075,Recommended,424840,32557723,Posted: 18 June,all,Scree,Great game! It was a short playthrough but im satisfyed with what I got. The unclear story line and terrifying enemy's make it a true horror masterpeice. The gameplay is great and makes it extremely original! Hope for more in the future.
76561198062726477,Recommended,424840,31410088,Posted: 27 April,all,BLOODYFISHTACO,"I beat in in 3 hours at a casual pace. Even then I don't regret buying this game. I have windows 10 and have not had a single crash. This game is great, would recommend."
,Recommended,424840,32127229,Posted: 2 June,all,Idiot Boss McIdiot,"Such a good game that is all about the atmosphere. I just love it! Made me feel really uncomfortable several times, maybe not a scary game where you fly out of you chair, but instead, you feel disgusted and get chills down your spine!"
76561197996138604,Recommended,424840,32873981,Posted: 27 June,all,SneakyHobbit,Awesome
76561198066945113,Recommended,424840,32897693,Posted: 27 June,all,IronUkulele,"Beautiful, spooky game. It only took me 3 hours to beat but it was well worth it."
76561198005596177,Recommended,424840,32872090,Posted: 27 June,all,GCTroop,Liked the game
,Recommended,424840,32882784,Posted: 27 June,all,Pancho,"This game is absolutely fantastic!The creators of this game clearly put in a lot of work, there are many little details that bring the game to life, as well as a great soundtrack, gameplay and atmosphere throughout the game. I had a lot of fun playing this game and would recommend anyone to buy it."
76561198096412511,Recommended,424840,32894177,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.BootyKrabs :/,boo.
,Recommended,424840,32931017,Posted: 28 June,all,State Of Trance,"This game have some bizarre characters enriched with amazing graphics and soundtrack, however the game is really short, even the ending credits is longer than 2 stages, overall the game is enjoyable."
,Recommended,424840,32904324,Posted: 27 June,all,Rexo_o,"Es divertido, un poco original... y necesito el badge del Steam Sale."
76561198089608153,Recommended,424840,32849173,Posted: 27 June,all,Geomachine1013,"BUY THIS NOW.  If you're looking for a game that keeps you on the edge of your seat but keeps it fun and creepy, buy this now.  This was a fantastic game that combines puzzles, problem solving, strategic manuvering around various monsters and situations.  The whole game takes place in an Asian Steam punk dystopia and the art is simply stunning.   The comination of horror, steampunk, and puzzles make this game an absolute must buy.  GET IT NOW!!!"
76561197985166138,Recommended,424840,31611124,Posted: 7 May,all,Newtz_,"Little nightmares is a brilliant game!!!! the graphic style is very nice and i really like the animation.Very original game, very unusal.No back story or anything but there is abit of a twist in the game. you are just kind of dropped into the situation and find yourself trying to get through different rooms and areas safelyThe game was over fairly quickly sadly but the content that was there was excellentHighly recommend the game. truely original"
76561198075929169,Recommended,424840,32801223,Posted: 25 June,all,Baconzombies,Such a great game
,Recommended,424840,31432997,Posted: 28 April,all,Microsoft Word,"Little Nightmares was an amazing little game. A handful of semi-frustrating puzzles that'll leave you unapologetically dead intermixed with heavy vibes of Ghibli inspiration, most notably Spirited Away and a dash of Silent Hill.   Somewhat cute and grotesque, the imagery of the game evokes strong feelings I first felt playing American McGee's Alice for the first time.  The score is wonderfully executed and haunting.  While it is short, I feel it breaks the monotony of what is pressed out as modern gaming, clocking in at a little under 3-4 hours, it warrants a second playthrough and was a breath of fresh air to this gamer.  Definitely hoping for more down the road, it was worth every penny and for such inspired design it's well earned.  I loved, loved, loved this game."
76561198035378299,Recommended,424840,31959634,Posted: 25 May,all,Davos Seaworth,"There has been a lot of hype around this game for a long time, and Little Nightmares has certainly lived up to it. This is easily one of my favorite horror games, if not my favorite of all time. This game has just enough scary parts to keep you interested and keep the story moving. Everything comes together to weave a brilliantly cohesive story.Pros:Great story and storytelling even with no dialogueGreat atmosphereVery unsettling jumpscares - good ratio of hiding and just running and hoping for the bestTakes advantage of 3d effects and makes it more than just another generic puzzle platformerGreat sountrack - adds to moodLots of secrets make good replay valueCons:It may be mildly frustrating to figure out the puzzles the first time around, but this is probably just meThis game deserves all of the praise it is getting, and in my opinion even at full price it is still worth buying."
76561197990548443,Recommended,424840,33513322,Posted: 13 July,all,Ahksar,A fun game with a chilling atmosphere and implied story. Short but definitely worth a playthrough!Graphics and sound 10/10 (Creature designs are amazing and hit the Uncanny valley VERY hard)
,Recommended,424840,31604705,Posted: 7 May,all,Kōhe,"This game is absolutely wonderful. It's surprisingly not too long, but don't let that scare you off. I was able to enjoy playing this 3 consecutive times without becoming bored. The different masks add quirkiness and finding different ways to mess with the enemies is really fun to do. It's dark and atmospheric but in a good way, leaving you happy thinking about it instead of the grotesque dread you get left with after something like Outlast 1 or 2."
,Recommended,424840,31606488,Posted: 7 May,all,traxsnow12,"I was a little skeptical at first. Plus, reading the reviews on how short it was, almost pushed me away but I eventually just said screw it and tried it. I was so glad I did. This game is pretty awesome! Literally, the only downside to it is the length of it. The design, the gameplay, everything about this game is a five star. The game difficulty was not to hard, though I managed to die quite a few times before passing on to next part.Pros:-the game design is damn near flawless, with very few minor instances.- it has very smooth controls, though not to many controls in the first place.- the environment really fits the feel that the game is going for.- this whole game was just a 5 star.Cons-- really short game.I hope you all give it a try. It's def worth it."
76561198197288906,Recommended,424840,33497900,Posted: 13 July,all,Dongsoon,It so cool. very nice!!I enjoy this game
76561198196137187,Recommended,424840,31655066,Posted: 9 May,all,Jk,impeccable visuals overall
,Recommended,424840,31455099,Posted: 29 April,all,Qwertx,"I know many people are saying the game is to expensive for how short it is but I disagree. A movie is more expensive for hours of enjoyment but I do understand that games are different but still. It is really polished and it has a wonderful story, alot of questions are not directly answered but I find this is a good thing because it leaves you theorising. Every time you hear a ""monster"" shout your heart skips a beat, every time one of them walks by and suddenly stops at the table you are hiding under you hold your breath. It is a similar feeling to what it is to play hide and seek. The music can really change how you see thing, you may get a completely different idea for certain places if there is no music. The AI is designed well and the way different character use senses is amazing. I do understand that it is short but it is well worth it. One more thing in many games I like to die on purpose just to see what happens, in this case I do not want to stick around to see what happens."
,Recommended,424840,31638496,Posted: 8 May,all,AWWSYN,game made me feel happy 7/10 drop the price 5 dollars call it a day make goty bye
76561198349862189,Recommended,424840,31639320,Posted: 8 May,all,grahamsters,"Really fun to play, incredibly creepy.  hope there's a sequel."
,Recommended,424840,31607408,Posted: 7 May,all,Ercan Keskin TR,"Beautiful visual style,amazing angles, a grerat way of storytelling.As an admirer of art cinema this game got me!Great artistic style! Only bad thing is it is too short."
,Recommended,424840,31593695,Posted: 6 May,all,716green,"This game is just like ""Inside"" but 2.5D instead of just 2D. The game is just as good as ""Inside"" and it's the right length as well. It's a bit expensive but after you finish the game you will understand that you're paying for the Bandai Namco production value. The end of the game was really cool and very satisfying."
,Recommended,424840,31600807,Posted: 7 May,all,[BTYGF]layzeeVince,Story was a bit confusing but game was overall enjoyable.
76561198029589127,Recommended,424840,31614839,Posted: 7 May,all,Boommers ♫,"Little NightmaresLittle Nightmare is a very unique “little” game. The art style and music create an amazing atmosphere, simply put this game is a great experience. The controls are decent and the game runs beautifully. The downside to this game is the difficulty and the amount of game-play due to the short amount of hours you need to complete the game. Also mentioned before it isn’t the hardiest platform game created. Due to this the game has little replay value but the price tag is quite low to match that problem. If you have played similar puzzle games and you are currently searching for a casual game that is just a fun game to play I suggest you get this game. However if you are looking for a challenge I would look somewhere else but maybe look to purchase this games when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,424840,31420575,Posted: 28 April,all,Bonnie Kiwi,"Little Nightmares is a fantastic, atmospheric, creepy delight!It plays very like INSIDE and LIMBO by Playdead so if you like those games then you will LOVE this!It plays like an absolute dream! So intuative and fluid! Can't get enough of it or recommend it enough!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EL3K2MwGPM"
,Recommended,424840,31609474,Posted: 7 May,all,the_grassninja,"Rather short game (around 2-3 hours), platforming is occasionally wonky, but overall a pretty solid title with amazing atmosphere."
,Recommended,424840,31595875,Posted: 6 May,all,Black Cat,"This game...I find it difficult to describe how much I enjoyed it.  I'm not entirely sure it can be put into words.  I was so engrossed in this game, I couldn't stand to put it down.  Every single time I got through a particularly intense area and decided to take a break, I just wanted to play it again.This is an amazing game, and I highly reccommend checking it out.  Side-scrolling in a 3D environment is very interesting and I must say that this is one of the most original, unique games I've ever played.If I had to complain about something, maybe the one problem I can point out is that the game is a bit unforgiving with checkpoints, and you get ""hard"" checkpoints and ""soft"" checkpoints.  What I mean by this is, if you get captured, you might return to a certain checkpoint nearby the area where you were playing, a ""soft"" checkpoint.  If you decide to close the game and take a break though, when you reload your game you may spawn at a checkpoint farther back in the game, a ""hard"" checkpoint.It's a minor inconvenience at best, and it's the only gripe I have about this game.The game itself is beautiful, I mean seriously, the graphics are amazing and it seems to be very well optimized to look as good as possible without sacrificing your framerate.I'm telling you, this is a good game.  The best way I can describe it is this; Take Limbo, Spirited Away, and the general concept of horror and throw it in a blender.  It will then be served to you over ice with a side of tension."
76561198080517938,Recommended,424840,31518014,Posted: 2 May,all,Snoogykin,"Amazing game, beautiful artwork and the gameplay was stunning! I have to admit the game is very short, I beat it about the same time most people are posting (2-2.5 hours). I know a lot of people are saying it isn't worth the $20, and yes I do think it is a bit pricey. But I've already begun to replay it again to find all the hidden pieces and to figure out the back story better. Not to mention its great watching others play it for the first time.The atmosphere of the game is scary and builds up a lot of tension. I think the game was very well executed even if is was cut a little too short, given a second chance I would buy this game in a hearbeat."
,Recommended,424840,31459355,Posted: 30 April,all,Zero.Miz-Kun,3 Words: Second Game Please ♥
,Recommended,424840,31406297,Posted: 27 April,all,RT_Mythictang,"+Cutest horror game I've ever played!+Everything is creepy but man, it is just amazing.+I dig the art style, sound design and environment of this game a LOT."
76561198054042950,Recommended,424840,31443205,Posted: 29 April,all,ArbitraryCorsair,"I read a review on gamesradar that called this game ""STUDIO GHIBLI'S SPIRITED AWAY, IF SPIRITED AWAY WAS GROTESQUE AND HORRIFYING.""  I don't think I could have described it any better.  The artwork and soundtrack both have a childish dreamlike quality that nonetheless sends the players emotions on a ride between creeped out, nervous and utterly revolted in a way that no other horror game I've played has accomplished.  Little Nightmares may be a short game (I finished my first run in a little under 5 hours) but was well worth the cost for this imaginative and unique experence."
,Recommended,424840,31408958,Posted: 27 April,all,NullFox,The game is a bit short but I enjoyed every second of it.
,Recommended,424840,31915888,Posted: 23 May,all,T0X1C L0RD 0F G4M1NG,Fun game. Creepy but cute. Not for all because u might get scared!
76561198119132000,Recommended,424840,34905975,Posted: 12 September,all,silenceisred,I hope for a dlc where we can go through the whole place bringing back what we so dearly needed from the start. You know what im talking about.
76561198341176914,Recommended,424840,33600258,Posted: 16 July,all,OceanicIX,"Top notch!  Actually took me almost 5 hours to beat it and the dlc. Really wanted the game and waited until it was on sale since I knew it was short, not dissapointed. A good type of horror game, not like most these days where they just spam jumpscares. Atmosphere was amazing, really got me to stop and think about this world and how humans aren't any different than these ones"
76561198009708685,Recommended,424840,33558579,Posted: 15 July,all,AwesomE,"Love this short game, interesting story and very fluid gameplay, would love to see more.Puzzles could be harder at times, the story is lovely and some scary moments get the adrenaline pumpin big time!Graphics are spot on, some cool achievements although easy to master.I do recommand the game, but keep in mind you are gonna get through it fast, atm got 7.5 hours and dont see myself invest more than 10 in total.Bought on summer sale, so no bleeding there for me ;D"
,Recommended,424840,33206754,Posted: 3 July,all,Full Out,"Amazing art. Very creepy. A fun side scroller. About 3 hours to play it through, but worth every penny. Buy this game."
,Recommended,424840,33861546,Posted: 28 July,all,RhysCPFC,"Little Nightmares is a Superb game, It has all the qualities I would expect in a game like this. It is what Limbo and Inside try to be but this game surpasses them in every way, I don't want to say much more as I feel I would be spoiling it, but know this, the game is well optimised, it looks absolutely gorgeous and runs well with no drops. The puzzles, while not particularly challenging bar a few are fun and satisfying to complete.The main things that brought it down was the mouse wasn't locked to the centre so if I was moving my camera around and it went a bit too far to the left, then it would pause the game as I had clicked out of it. A minor inconvenience I know but worth noting. And the other was a couple glitches that arise from these kind of Physic based games but once again, A minor inconvenience. Maybe the short length but for £15 it was just grazing the ""this is an acceptable length"" areaAll in all the ambiguous nature of the plot is well done and can be interpreted in many ways and I'm sure most people who play this will have their own different version. A great game which I wish was longer but still highly enjoyable8.5/10"
,Recommended,424840,31405995,Posted: 27 April,all,Vanellope Von Schweetz ♥,I reccomend the Game. It was fun and bittersweet.However I find that the entire concept of the game is very short-lived. The ending was a bit strange and left me very undecided on how i should feel. Not sure if theres more than one ending but if there was it wasn't apparant during gameplay.Pros:-Simple gameplay-Has some player error and no forgiveness  (Which is awesome)-Keeps you entertainedCons:-Enemies were fairly predictable except for some near the end.Not really a con but it was 4-5 hours which is too short if you ask me ^^Good game though. Decent price.
,Recommended,424840,31790924,Posted: 16 May,all,Haibara Ai ♥,Dark and immersive.Mysterious.Badass ending!
76561198262563968,Recommended,424840,31434529,Posted: 29 April,all,SneakyHat,"One of the best horror games i played ,even through its short.Its very original and did a great job at rasing tension without using cheap jump scares. I recommend it."
76561198010235900,Recommended,424840,31577582,Posted: 6 May,all,Jay Garret,"All im gonna, and can say after playing the game through to completeion is that its worth the 20$ in every regard. I cant belivie what i just played. 10 out of fat ♥♥♥♥ing cannabalistic shadowed powered ♥♥♥♥es out of 10."
76561198073448746,Recommended,424840,31578122,Posted: 6 May,all,Havel the Punk,"Excellent game with epic design and ""make yourself"" story backgroud similar to the Inside. One thing i was staggering with was the actual gameplay, controlling and key binding was just awfull and frustrating, but still..epic piece of art and gaming. 9/10"
76561198044427835,Recommended,424840,31578448,Posted: 6 May,all,Freesia,"if you like Inside, you will also like this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198009390334,Recommended,424840,31573916,Posted: 5 May,all,Valtmere,"This game exceded all of my very high expectations. It's perfectly paced, difficult without seeming unfair, and truly soul-sinkingly terrifying. I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198116859657,Recommended,424840,31573420,Posted: 5 May,all,Aria_guy123,BUY IT
,Recommended,424840,31575795,Posted: 6 May,all,Gerowen,"Little Nightmares is an interesting game, something unique and interesting that left me wondering what in the world I just experienced.  It's a visually appealing adventure game with puzzle and horror elements and an open ended story.  If Tim Burton created a survival platformer type game with some inspiration from Hayao Miyazaki's ""Spirited Away"", this is what it would be, :-)First the ""adventure"" aspect.  You are in this world and not a word is spoken or written for communication at any point in the game.  All of the story telling is done artistically using the environment, musical score, sound effects and the interactions the characters in that world have with one another.  There's some mysterious things going on in this world, and my first play-through left me with plenty of questions, so I plan on doing another play-through or two to get some more of the achievements and look for things I may not have picked up on the first time through.The game has puzzle and stealth elements.  As you explore this world, you spend a lot of time trying to evade capture, while at the same time trying to navigate through the rooms in order to advance.  That might involve finding a secret passage-way, befriending fellow small creatures, creating a diversion, finding a key, etc.  Advancing is rarely (never?) as simple and straight forward as just hiding under furniture and working your way to the other side of the room, there's always a twist, some new piece of information to be discovered, some optional objective to complete, etc.The game is also a horror game.  This game is best played in the dark with headphones after everybody else in the house has gone to bed.  The game does an amazing job of creating a really creepy atmosphere and instilling a genuine sense of nervousness.  The only other game I can think of right off the top of my head that creeped me out this much was the original Silent Hill on the original Playstation.  Part of what makes the game so creepy is the fact that there's no speech or written word throughout the game, so the music and atmosphere, combined with your own imagination trying to make sense of this unique world you're in, can leave you feeling on edge.The game's visuals and soundtrack are top notch for the type of game that it is.  The musical score, the sharp visuals, the special effects and the sound effects all do an awesome job of creating a creepy atmosphere and allowing the player to suspend their disbelief long enough to feel engrossed in this artistic experience.I've had this game on my ""Wish list"" as soon as I saw the first gameplay video, and I'm glad I pulled the trigger when it was released.  I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience playing ""Little Nightmares"" and have no reservations recommending it.  It's a unique take on story telling and a breath of fresh air."
,Recommended,424840,34642924,Posted: 31 August,all,Pizzaguy121,I can't reccomend this game enough.
76561198087631548,Recommended,424840,34650501,Posted: 31 August,all,v0dka360,"Wow I didnt expect that, hats off that was epic."
,Recommended,424840,34316313,Posted: 17 August,all,^kURO,"nice athmosphere and soundtrack/sounddesign, good game mechanics, a bit too short but thats ok for a game like this. story with many questions at the end but there will hopefully be answered in the upcomming DLC`S.   8/10"
,Recommended,424840,34678442,Posted: 2 September,all,skrrt,Besides the bad checkpoints i say its a pretty good game
76561198025191071,Recommended,424840,31650563,Posted: 9 May,all,Daggoth,"the atmosphere, the gameplay and graphics are truly outstanding. game is short as it is vague. it leaves alot open for interpertation.well worth your time!5/5"
,Recommended,424840,34678528,Posted: 2 September,all,Killer_Byte,Game is Amazing overall.Just sucks it only took me like 3.5 hrs to complete
,Not Recommended,424840,34702556,Posted: 2 September,all,ЯK,"Little Nightmares has little gameplay.I can't really recommend this game for the price. 4 hours if you don't care about achievements, a tiny bit more beyond that.The aesthetic, atmosphere and music are really good and creepy, but there is no punishment for failure beyond having to redo a short little section. You quickly loose the vibe.If this goes down to $10 or something, maybe pick it up."
76561198035397459,Recommended,424840,34920326,Posted: 13 September,all,The Doctor,"One of the best games I've ever played! The atmosphere is astonishing and graphics is just beautiful. It's creepy and very entertaining. Your quest in this game is to solve some sorts of puzzles. I should mention that at certain parts of the game there is no obvious solution. Sometimes you will spend way too many minutes solving something simple, just because the solution is hidden so well (or bad?) that even google wouldn't find it. However, do not hesitate buying this game. You will not regret. It's simply awesome and remarkable. 9/10"
,Recommended,424840,34957444,Posted: 14 September,all,Papa Het,"Fantastic game, great artstyle, very creepy, well worth the asking price."
76561198091349417,Recommended,424840,34962528,Posted: 14 September,all,nefarious jib,"Definitely nails the creepy vibe - if you liked Inside, you'll like Little Nightmares.  Sound design in particular was incredible. Controls were pretty frustrating at times though.  It wasn't always clear what you could and couldn't climb on, and you will spend a lot of time replaying parts of the game as a result.Definitely pick this up if the trailer looks interesting to you."
,Recommended,424840,34964334,Posted: 14 September,all,Joopson,Creepiest game I've played in a long while. And the art direction is so delicious.
,Recommended,424840,34987966,Posted: 15 September,all,Malvictus,"This is a great game if only a little short. It has great atmosphere and enemy characters, with fun puzzles to overcome. Recommended."
76561198057133137,Recommended,424840,35100428,Posted: 21 September,all,TokyoGhost2001,Unbelievable. One of the best games and most interesting storylines I’ve ever played. EVERYTHING about the Maw is so interesting and I cannot wait to play the November DLC!!
,Recommended,424840,34924754,Posted: 13 September,all,Kai.Yeet,"This game is a masterpiece.Music is amazing and atmosphericArt style is brilliantBit short, but DLC slowly being released and isn't expensiveOne of my favourite games ever."
,Recommended,424840,35121934,Posted: 21 September,all,Xeonr,This game is awesome! You are getting in touch with different things and strategies. Sometimes u get stuck on one point but there always will be an answer. Keep on tryin! Totally worth its money!
76561198298696105,Recommended,424840,35030735,Posted: 17 September,all,BearCruz,The artwork and setting are amazing. Twisted yet so beautiful.Only downfall is the lenght of the game. I would love to see a 'prequel'
,Recommended,424840,31439723,Posted: 29 April,all,Secretary,Would pay $19.99 again to play another 3 hours.
,Recommended,424840,34896996,Posted: 12 September,all,Granddizer💋,Good story and game play
,Not Recommended,424840,34742717,Posted: 4 September,all,jessattfield,Isnt worth 16 poumds as i completed the game in under 6 hourse. Needs more quest and challanges over all graphics brilliant background story good. Game play little bit boring.
,Not Recommended,424840,35236945,Posted: 26 September,all,lemonbadger,"Loved Inside so thought I'd try this. The graphics, lighting, characters, lighting, atmosphere etc. are brilliant but..... The puzzles are a chore because they're mostly about trial and error and timing. Also the check points are too far apart so the same part of the game has to be played over and over. Unfortunately these things are so annoying it's stopped me from playing the game. Shame because it could be a 9/10. Went back to playing some Inside after this and it's in a different league."
,Not Recommended,424840,35229855,Posted: 26 September,all,Spider3,"What a shame such great atmosphere and animations result in an empty, boring game with bad controls and checkpoint too far away from each other, meh puzzles. There is really no ""story"", no introduction, poor immersion. Good for the visual, that's all. Don't think it worths more than 10USD."
,Recommended,424840,31553484,Posted: 4 May,all,Pupperoni,"Fantastic game. Very interesting storyline and conclusion to the story.  Haven't played many 3D spaced side-scrollers, so that was a fun bonus!~  4/4 paws"
,Recommended,424840,31431328,Posted: 28 April,all,Vox,"This is such a beautifully made game. I was expecting a little bit more horror but nonetheless it is still quite creepy.  As someone had mentioned in their review, Tim Burton would be quite proud."
,Recommended,424840,31430727,Posted: 28 April,all,dragonbreath9999,"i was not prepared for the rollercoaster of emotion that game with this game,"
,Recommended,424840,31447599,Posted: 29 April,all,ChimiChanglee,"I've never liked horror that only works on visceral fears. I'm pretty tired of unwarrented jumpscares, idiot protagonists and over-the-top circumstances. That side of human fear is cheap. Real fear is the kind that reaches into your soul.Little Nightmares works in the realm of the Uncanny. It's goal is to unsettle you; stare into the abyss, and the abyss stares back.In the end, this is a story that I won't forget.Note about pricing: The price to playtime issue is pretty garbage. A good experience is priceless, and how long it lasts means nothing. I definitely would not have wanted Little Nightmares to go on for longer than it did. It was a very good length, considering its pacing/plot/level design.Considering how this game is only 5$ more than a game like, say, Kentucky Route Zero, the art/sound design/graphics make it so incredibly worth it.Play this game with some friends on a big screen with a controller. It's just a little bit longer than a movie.Note about gameplay: The puzzles/platforming fit the game. I read reviews saying how they weren't difficult. This is kind of true, but this contributes amazingly to the pacing of the game. You're never so stumped that you have to check online for ideas. You're rarely going to replay a chase section more than once or twice (as cool as they are, who wants to see the same action over and over because you keep failing?).Everything feels right. As a game designer myself, I'm incredibly impressed with the flow of the game, something that I usually notice DURING a playthrough. After completing the game, I realized that I practically acted out an interactive movie for myself and my friends. The game was difficult enough to engage the minds of myself and 4 friends, but easy enough for me to complete without too much stalling/errors.Little Nightmares is one of my favorite games, and I'm proud of buying it day one for 20$."
,Recommended,424840,35491864,Posted: 5 October,all,DeepGhosts,"I love this game but I am really bad at puzzle games,meaning I barely play it because I keep getting stuck for hours with simple things.What should you know?This game is actually relaxing and really fun, it is my fault that I am extremely bad at puzzles.However you should buy this game if you are into Limbo and Inside or just looking for something relaxing to play."
76561198039586445,Recommended,424840,31409610,Posted: 27 April,all,RePuG,Amazing game love it had so much fun with it so far the puzzles are great and the horror factor is just right!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-MSEpY7Lr8&t=26sI would suggest this game to anyone who is looking for something fun and new and looks great as well.
,Recommended,424840,31467560,Posted: 30 April,all,Kelso,"What Little Nightmares does really well is envoce a sense of dread, often times shear panic, and almost an overwhelming sense of disgust at every turn it takes. It borrows heavily from Limbo and Inside but adds in a more three-dimensional controll scheme, adding a level of depth to the levels not found in it's contemporaries.It is a visual wonder in it's presentation and you find yourself compelled to venture further through the darkness to shed some light on the narrative you find yourself stumbling through. It also offers a nice set of secrets throughout that are sure to provide some added challenge and replayability, but never to a degree where it becomes frustrating."
,Recommended,424840,31408282,Posted: 27 April,all,ZLawhead,"COMPLETED -- *NO SPOILERS*Twitch streamer here. Much like many of you reading this, I had been anticipating the release of this game for a very long time. That being said, here is my take...From the moment it begins, the 'wow' factor is definitely apparent. The visuals are very well polished and the atmosphere is perfect for the vibe that the overall tone of the story follows. I played the entire game on ultra with no frame drops, screen tearing, or stuttering (GTX 1070, I7-7700K, 32GB DDR4).Speaking of ""entire game"", I played through the whole thing in 2hrs (that was the time recorded from the ""load game"" menu after I let the credits roll. Give or take 15 mins from the last save point. That is my one and ONLY complaint-- that the game is far too short. Additionally, I don't mind being left to form my own answer to certain questions that come to mind when playing through a story like this, but having zero explanations to anything left me a little underwhelmed.You will absolutely enjoy this game and it is great stream content, but it will be over much quicker than you anticipate!"
,Recommended,424840,31677328,Posted: 10 May,all,New one,Sometime life makes you think that there's no way but suicide because suicide is the answer And The game taught me that the real monsters are just humans behind masks
,Recommended,424840,31713645,Posted: 12 May,all,Kattatonia,"This is a breathtaking game. Challenging enough to NOT be boring. I am a streamer, and my viewers LOVED watching the gameplay of this. Not a boring moment because the graphics are absolutely captivating! Most games that I can play through in one or two sittings feel like a waste of money, but not this one - Worth every single cent! HIGHLY recommended to anyone who loves and appreciates the beauty of darker things!"
76561198037341594,Recommended,424840,31735414,Posted: 13 May,all,Sgt. Gordon Elias,Little Treasure
76561198206372721,Recommended,424840,31409813,Posted: 27 April,all,Needsmorecowbell,"I have been waiting for this game since its original title was hunger. And it meet all my expectations and more. The game itself looks beautiful, and is well animated. It has its moments of being very creepy, the puzzels are not too difficult. Recommend playing with a controller."
76561198385535303,Recommended,424840,31627238,Posted: 8 May,all,El jefe,"Fantastic game 10/10 on all fronts, well worth the money."
,Recommended,424840,33393808,Posted: 8 July,all,InfamousBrotater,Great game. Much fun. Hella cool *Spins fidget spinner*
76561198007048013,Recommended,424840,31418040,Posted: 28 April,all,Enixic,"So to preface, I have been waiting for this game since a classmate of mine did a up and coming callout to it. I have been heavily waiting for the art of this to be released so the second I saw it was out I was more than happy to give over the 20 bucks.  On to the review.Right so off the bat I would like to state that if you are looking for a long game, this is not the game for you. I bought it I would estimate around 3, maybe 4 hours ago and finished with it. Plenty of people will complain that it wasn't worth the 20 bucks but honestly I beg to differ. Without spoiling anything about the game the artistic style alone is pretty amazing. It Is so unique in that it really takes great inspirtation from exagerated cartoons and Ghibli films. Speaking of which you can see where this game pulls heavily from japanese myth and spirited away in my opinion which I honestly wasn't aware of going into it. For me, it wasn't really scary per say though at times I found my anxiety through the roof. Overall if you are a fan of unique art styles I would say this visually meets any criteria (despite some lower end materials).The game's story is one of those ones that is kinda open for intrupritation and sorta makes you think. I feel like there are so many questions I still want to know but it just happens to be one of those games that doesn't really push farther than it has to. In the end I don't think lack of explaining hindered the emersion any. This beautifully crafted sidescroller/3D platformer in a way is a great add to any collection. Again, this game is short- but if you love running around the enviornment and unique character design and visual storytelling than I wouls super reccomend."
76561198036350747,Recommended,424840,31451323,Posted: 29 April,all,qapitan,PROS:-Beautifully cafted-Amazing art and sound-Nice gameplay feeling-Good performanceCONS:-Too too short... you can finish the game in 3 hours-Not really challenging in any way-Not really scary
76561198422147077,Not Recommended,424840,35033714,Posted: 17 September,all,lseehwtohms,"As much as I would love to say it's amazing, it won't stop crashing. The farthest I got before it crashed was when the Lady turned.I genuinely loved ihascupquakes' playthrough and wanted to play it for myself, but I can't."
76561198281351666,Recommended,424840,34217526,Posted: 13 August,all,Shira.,"This game, in my opinion, is WAY more different than other horror games. This one has mainly jumpscares and puzzles, but some are mainly jumpscares, like Five Nights at Freddys, or many others. Little Nightmares has gotten a 10/10 by Shira."
76561198017149971,Recommended,424840,32810760,Posted: 26 June,all,Kimo-gamer,Fantastic game
76561198079417387,Recommended,424840,31729875,Posted: 13 May,all,little will,"While it was not the longest game, I found that it was a very engaging game, with great graphics. It excels at being able to tell a story without a single word throughout the entire game. If you think you may enjoy it, you probably will."
,Recommended,424840,31676743,Posted: 10 May,all,pommetato,"I loved this game. The music, the graphics, the atmosphere. You really get to love this strange world you're in. As you progress, you find out more and more about the place you're in and what surrounds you. The story really has you thinking throughout.Some of the puzzles can prove challenging though, since some of them were not at all intuitive. But that overall did not take away any enjoyment of this game, and the love I have for it. Highly recommend it for the experience it brings."
76561198100796005,Recommended,424840,32205806,Posted: 5 June,all,Nickz,"I could go over everything that i love about this game, but I'm way to lazy to write all of it. So in summary, this game has the  perfect combination of simple yet challenging puzzles, intense moments and a lot of spooky-spoopiness.The story is very mysteries at first, but it will slowly reveal it self throughout the game. The ending was great and explaind alot yet left some room for you own imagination.Sadly the game is only 3-4 hours long so enjoy it while it lasts.10/10, worth every cent!"
76561198026390642,Recommended,424840,31690645,Posted: 11 May,all,FromPlanetDagon,"I really enjoyed playing this game, the art and style was beautiful and the soundtrack was brilliant. If you like games such as Limbo (which I do), platform-based with numerous challenges and puzzles to get to the next chapter and a few nasty beasts along the way then this is for you. However it did have some issues - firstly that it was too short, could've been a few chapters longer and the second I found that the ending was a bit... abrupt and didn't feel that satisfactory 'completed' feeling. I just felt a bit cheated. Specially with the price at £15.99 I feel it t was about a fiver or so cheaper, then maybe it would've been worth it."
,Recommended,424840,31829515,Posted: 18 May,all,a squid eating dough,"I really enjoyed this game, so much so that I've beaten it three times! But the fact that I've been able to beat this game three times in a week is kind of indicative of how short a game Little Nightmares really is, which is its only major flaw. Outside of being really short, this game is a ton of fun! The enemies are intimidating, and the puzzles are tough, but fair and interesting to figure out on one's own. The artwork is inspired and beautiful yet hideous (in a good way). I'd say this game was well worth the $20 price tag.8/10"
,Recommended,424840,31727413,Posted: 13 May,all,MenWhoStareAtGames,"Well I wasn't expecting to like this game let alone love it!Its a wonderfully intriguing story which continually leaves you guessing and wondering what is really going on.The art style is unique, well certainly not something I'd seen before, the lighting effects used so very precisely throughout the game are the real star of the show for me. Its hard to comment too much on the gameplay without spoiling much of the discovery element which I think is important but I can say its smooth well crafted and a lot of fun to play.I'd thoroughly recommend this:D"
76561198143922614,Recommended,424840,32046679,Posted: 29 May,all,Ghost,I played through this game in roughly 4 hours and it was worth every single minute.10/10
76561198067904874,Recommended,424840,34701141,Posted: 2 September,all,Basilt,"Little Nightmares is a seriously great game. You take on the role of Six, a litte girl trapped aboard the Maw, a huge ominous prison ship deep at sea. With no reason or explanation as to why you are on the vessel, Six must make her way through the dark, cold depths of the unknown, with nothing more than a lighter to guide her.This game fully immerses you into its twisted world. As you can expect to encounter creepy, gross, unexplainable creatures lingering in the shadows. Insanely good level design with dark and eerie themes. Ambient music that fits the feel of each stage. Aswell as challenging puzzles. Everything larger than you is out to kill or capture you in the Maw. So if you're not playing hide and seek with whatever abomination is after you, Six is climbing, running, and swinging for her life.Little Nightmares is quickly becoming one of my favourite games. The only real disappointment is how short the game is, but even then every minute was enjoyable and I couldn't recommend this game more. Buy it!10 - 10"
76561197971983340,Recommended,424840,31410561,Posted: 28 April,all,Khorneflakes!,"If I can give an arbituary score to the game 'Little Nightmares,' 8/10.This game, for me personally, was a qualitative experience. So I have to give the warning it's a roughly 3 to 4 hour game on your first playthrough, mileage may vary. Of course if you enjoyed the game 'Inside' I recommend it. I do have to give the asterisk when comparing this game to 'Inside,' it is its own animal. Despite similiarities such as telling a story through visuals.Gameplay is a servicable 2.5d platformer, and actually I enjoyed it more than 'Inside;' however it has it's own problems in this 'hide and seek' formula and platforming. The detection of some of the enemies is arbrituary at times. The platforming can be confusing, for example it is hard sometimes making jumps, ""Can I make that jump? Noooope~!"" (probably my number one way to die in this game). Checkpoints are a bit unkind as well. That being said the monster encounters are great, very mundane and horrifying in the way they act in this world. Mundane since they just are going about their daily business. Horrifying in the way they act with thier surroundings that adds to the atmosphere and the challenge. The Janitor enemy (The guy with the long arms) is probably the best enemy with its probing hands, which is unfortunate since you only see him for a third of the game.The story and visuals itself are the best aspects of this game. 'Inside,' as I mentioned earlier, tells a story strictly through visuals. The same is true for 'Little Nightmares,' where you follow a silent child protagonist in a strange and ominious world. However while 'Inside' is more nuance in it's story telling, 'Little Nightmares' is a bit more upfront. And that may detract a little in its ending. That being said it's still a fascinating and disturbing world. I am reminded of Henry Selick's directed movies, i.e. 'Nightmare Before Christmas,' 'James and the Giant Peach,' and 'Coraline.' However it is it's own thing, in that it is waaaay more grotesque and ominious; kind of like the visuals in 'Alice: Madness Returns (specifically the Asylum and Doll world).' It is also surreal given that it is from the perspective of a child in a giant over the top setting. Lastly I am not sure at the moment if this game has an additional unlockable ending (like collecting everything, like in 'Inside'), which is fine if it doesn't.'Little Nightmare' is a tale of hunger and gluttony where you, the protagonist, is starving to survive in a cruel and giant world. Barring issues in gameplay, the visuals and story makes for a nice meal. Now for some this might not be a full course meal. However for me personally, it is quite filling, and I imagine others would fine this meal filling as well.On a side note the music is pretty good in its atmosphere. 'Prison toys,' the song with the whistling, is really good."
76561198355273164,Recommended,424840,31434429,Posted: 29 April,all,halloweencharlie,Little Nightmares is an awesome stylised horror adventure where you escape from many monsters trying to kill you. Also the music in this game is amazing! The only sad part for me is that the game is only 3 and half hours long :(Apart from that it's a really good game like INSIDE
76561198190969702,Recommended,424840,34986867,Posted: 15 September,all,evilminerx (G.E.W.P.),"this game was amazing! i highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an adventure game, and the DLC just made it better! i cant wait to see how the game gets better over time!"
,Recommended,424840,31466200,Posted: 30 April,all,Stormbringer,"Did you like Inside/Limbo? You'll like this game. Atmosphere is great, object interaction, even for the monsters is definitely notable. It's a solid, moderately tense 2.5D iteration on a familiar formula. Not sure how many more of this type of game will feel particularly unique, though."
76561198119352233,Recommended,424840,31479212,Posted: 30 April,all,Escaillaa(skinhub.com),"Game has a Tim Burton kind of feel to it. Great soundtrack, graphics, and gameplay. Perhaps a bit overpriced at the $20 mark. If you got $20 and have your eye on it i'd say go for it."
,Not Recommended,424840,34774971,Posted: 6 September,all,Echovirus,"The atmosphere and art are incredible. The game is bit a frustrating however. The lack of guidance was kinda cool / nostalgic at first, but eventually became an irritant as checkpoints can be oddly placed and often you have to go through no-brainer sections over and over again to get to the part that you haven't quite figured out yet. Couple that with zero camera control and you will sometimes meet an early death just because you can't get a good angle on what you are doing. The lighter being your light source added to the atmosphere, but often I just can't see what the heck I'm doing. This issue is worsened by the fact that when you grab anything, your lighter goes out so then you can't see if you can actually interact with something or just grab it. This is a game I'd be willing to watch someone else play, because the art is amazing, but I wouldn't want to play myself because it feels like a chore."
,Recommended,424840,31485588,Posted: 1 May,all,Giant Dad°,yes10/10
76561198151649490,Recommended,424840,31404969,Posted: 27 April,all,monkeydluffy,only played this for an hour (so far) and it's definitely an amazing game. gotten scared a couple times. 3spooky5me. 10/10 would definitely get eaten by a leech again.
,Recommended,424840,33934212,Posted: 31 July,all,thegayracoon,One of the best games ive ever played
76561198032066319,Not Recommended,424840,31446835,Posted: 29 April,all,HARVEY,Loved this game but seriously needs more content ! completed it in 2-3hours. Would like to see some DLC
,Recommended,424840,32558202,Posted: 18 June,all,Kabal,good game
,Recommended,424840,34632724,Posted: 31 August,all,LeviathanXMII,Great game! The dlc is awesome too! I highly recommend this game to anyone!
76561198250978370,Recommended,424840,34633678,Posted: 31 August,all,a crying giraffe,10/10 would get stuffed inside a fish again
,Not Recommended,424840,31450708,Posted: 29 April,all,Wance,"Big let down after waiting for so long. Many cool, unique, and even humorous apects in the game but they were all masked by the annoyances and frustrationYou have to go in with low expectations with this gamePros- Amazing graphics- Stunning atmosphere- Still gives off a creepy, somewhat 'spooky', vibe without having to use jumpscares- Chapter 4 was pretty great IMOIndifferent- End fightDont think the magic/sci-fi element had any place in this game- Many unexplained elementsWhy must I eat? Why am I there? Why is my name 'Six'? Who are the Gnomes? etc.Cons- Short for its price, 2-3.5 hours (including all the fails)- Bad controls- Buggy- Terrible Camera-angles (making the controls even more aggravating)- Very unchallenging, shallow 'puzzles'- Not enough checkpoints for some areas2- Achievements that cause you to replay the game (Like a stupid speedrun/no dying achievement) is how they trick you into playing more- Makes you follow a very specific 'path' (You can climbthisstool but notthatstool. You can climbthispillar of dishes but notthatpillar of dishes)Final ThoughtsA game that I enjoyed very much in the same genre is ""Inside'. By the same people who made 'Limbo'. Can't go wrong with either of those choices IMOMaybe just buy it on sale. Probably a nice sale coming this summer and some problems will hopefully be fixed by then- - -Edit- - -Just finished getting all acheivements and collectables. Now have 13 hours in the game and feel like I've seen everything this game has to offer. Have now encountered the 'Fatal Error' crash message 2 times (Once during the loading screen after the final fight which caused me to have to redo the fight. And once during the part where you have to run across the table and they reach for you). I encountered so many bugs and inconsistencies in the gameplay at this point.I believe the game itself could be amazing if they worked out the kinks but until then my review will stay 'not recommended'"
,Recommended,424840,31941418,Posted: 24 May,all,joonamo,Game with great atmosphere!
,Recommended,424840,31663877,Posted: 10 May,all,Saad.AlTaMiMi 🔑,اللعبه رهيببب مرره لا تفوتكم 10/10
,Not Recommended,424840,31493951,Posted: 1 May,all,CharlieCantSk8,"I bought this game rather impulsively, with it's Tim Burton styled art, creepy audio and gameplay which i thought would remind me of Limbo it was a sure winner and whilst yes it has all those aspects, it's the rest of the game that lacks.There are 100s of reviews proudly boasting this game as a must buy so i will hold my tongue in praise and just give you my negitives.It's short, like REALLY short. About 4 hours but to be honest would I have liked it to be longer? no because the gameplay is so repetative, what you learn in the first 30 minutes is everything it has to offer. for $20 i'd like more gameplay, that doesn't mean more levels i just mean more things to actually do in the world, the puzzles are designed for SIX year olds.The story, if there is such a thing - you get little tasters of what you could expect from this gross, creepy world but that's it, just tasters. Nothing is explained, you're left to your own interpritation and while that can be a good thing, in this case it annoyed me.The mechanics of the game while simple are still painfully annoying, repeating the same section of a level again and again, not because it's hard (It's really not) but because you've misjudge a hole in the wall and you got caught or you've gone to jump a gap and Six has decided to just drop to floor dying.*** SPOILER-ISH** There's also this weird hunger Six gets which last about 20 seconds before you find convient food to eat, this again is not explained as S/he eats some questionable things.If you've come here to rekindle your love of Limbo and alike you may enjoy this but it does not stand on the shoulders of Limbo, not even close.TLDR;It's expensiveIt's a VERY short gameNothing is explainedIt's not Limbo."
,Recommended,424840,32702295,Posted: 23 June,all,Dominick12987,It's a fun stealth game but only takes 3 hours to beat
76561198051483540,Not Recommended,424840,31413273,Posted: 28 April,all,DR Autismo,"Absolutely amazing atmosphere and simple but enjoyable game play, however it's criminally short and has no payoff.You would be better off buying limbo.Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,424840,31413179,Posted: 28 April,all,The Cooldown,"I liked the game and i put my hopes and payed 20€.This game is beautiful and worth playing but IT'S 2 HOURS LONG !!! If you want to obtain all the achievements maybe and only MAYBE can be 4 hours long.I'm not a speedrunner and im not skillful at all and i beat the game in 2 hours and going for some little creatures and destroying some statuettes.I checked a lot of corners and sometimes i got me killed just for watching the death animation.The max amount of money that i would pay for this game would be 5 € not more.I love the game itself but the play time and the final level was HORRIBLE.Final Level : I thought that the girl that appears on the trailer would be interesting but its just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss that blindfolded anyone could beat.(Idc about the boss being hard or easy).What♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most was the the length of the final level.You can beat the final level in <10 mins while the other ones take you 110 mins more or less.And the developers put soo much effort pointing out WHO IS THAT GIRL OOO WHO IS THAT GIRL . It turns out that the girl is just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss with poor mechanics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay.Score : 5/10 I liked the game but 2 hours long game for 20 bucks and the final level that is ""the most interesting one"" is garbage.IF YOU WANT TO BUY IT PLS WAIT UNTIL IT COSTS 5 € OR LESS.DONT BUY IT IF IT COSTS MORE."
76561198045894466,Not Recommended,424840,32995065,Posted: 29 June,all,bamf,Bought the game because it looks amazing. Can't play the game because every time I try to make a new game I get a fatal error. If any one knows how to fix this I'm sure I would change my review.
76561198163107074,Not Recommended,424840,31430869,Posted: 28 April,all,ignisbruno,"WAIT FOR SALE: Reasons belowGood game but EXTREMELY short. I mean, 3-4 hours? Really? Gameplay is pretty similar to INSIDE and LIMBO. That means, the only thing that matters is the narrative. The ""puzzles"" are just something to pretend it is a game. Zero difficulty or challenge.Creatively there isn't any game like this so I think the team behind it deserves the 20 bucks. That's the only reason I bought it. I paid 60 dollars in the past for total crap and endless and boring side missions.Still, if you want it wait for a sale, I bought it only to support creative teams like this one."
76561198050815941,Not Recommended,424840,31478610,Posted: 30 April,all,minty,"From the short time I was able to play this game (about an hour), it was a very enjoyable experience. Unfortunately, my game has repeatedly crashed in the same spot about 5 times now, giving me the error message ""the UE4-Atlas game has crashed...""Looking through the reviews, I've seen many others with this same error, and I've also seen a lot of people complaining about the length of the game being too short; around 3 hours on average. Regardless of how fun this game may be, I think a $20 price tag is far too dear, unless you're willing to pay for the risk of it crashing from start-up or half way through the game, and even if it doesn't crash, the risk of being unsatisfied with the short play time.Bring the price down to $5 and it might be worth taking those risks."
,Recommended,424840,31412882,Posted: 28 April,all,FUNKANIC,"Simply put, wow!  From the moment I started controlling the little fella I instantly fell in love, although short, this is truly a work of art.Here's my first try and playthrough of the game...https://youtu.be/b_cRu-o6ZPI"
,Recommended,424840,32881764,Posted: 27 June,all,Pacho,This game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,424840,31500530,Posted: 1 May,all,Wonderblunder,"In terms of setting and story, it's like Spirited Away (and I mean that in the best possible way). I wouldn't mind a series based on whatever universe this is set in.Artistically, the game is a masterpiece.My only major criticism is that the controls can be a little weird at times, but other than that the gameplay is solid."
,Recommended,424840,31510223,Posted: 2 May,all,RevySan,"So I PreOrdered this game because WTF not? anyway, this game is freaking amazing! Worth every peny. get it ya scrubs. 10/10"
76561198035608063,Recommended,424840,31736737,Posted: 13 May,all,[WS]TheHarrynator,"Incredible fun, painfully short."
76561198206480023,Recommended,424840,31472285,Posted: 30 April,all,Nick Crompton,Fu*k yeahBeen waiting for a game like thisJust give it a game of the year award(and also buy it)AMAZING!
76561198139719418,Recommended,424840,32010611,Posted: 27 May,all,LotionMotion,"Great game, So many untold mysteries  D:"
,Recommended,424840,32298798,Posted: 9 June,all,Jeez Louise!,Wonderful game!
76561198169108312,Recommended,424840,32311506,Posted: 10 June,all,GodlyArrow,"Great game, a bit short but worth it."
76561198038470571,Recommended,424840,32141349,Posted: 2 June,all,Tactical Velcro,es prebdy gud
,Recommended,424840,32589265,Posted: 20 June,all,ا iPhone X ا,nice
,Recommended,424840,31939369,Posted: 24 May,all,Get Racc'd,"This is a really awesome game, but the ending is kinda unclear but maybe there will be a sequel someday ?I just like everything about the game; the atmosphere, the graphics and of course the gameplay itself !But to get the achievement ""Hard to the Core"" is just to hard (you need to beat the game under one hour without any deaths), I mean it would be okay if you should beat the game under one hour or beat the game without any deaths, but both in a combination is just pretty tough and not fun to get."
,Recommended,424840,31501664,Posted: 2 May,all,crab/crab/crab (also callebo),"+Very spooky+No jump scares+Art and mood-Clunky controls (played with keyboard and mouse), recommend controller"
,Recommended,424840,31500674,Posted: 1 May,all,alerialz,"lovely game! awesome...but too short :,("
76561198116254829,Recommended,424840,33248289,Posted: 4 July,all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,I like this game :)
,Recommended,424840,31615721,Posted: 7 May,all,lolwhat,gut game
76561198364933319,Recommended,424840,32094149,Posted: 31 May,all,sanic,it jumpscares me and i love that
76561198213376521,Recommended,424840,31417385,Posted: 28 April,all,🦊Joleen,"After playing that game for over 2 hours I must say this game is fantastic. The soundtrack is just perfectly fine and fits amazing to that game. The art is good too, I really like how they've made that game. And it also reminds me of Inside, which is a pretty sick game too. So all in all it is a top notch game!"
,Recommended,424840,31441247,Posted: 29 April,all,Wilcar,Amazing grahics. Tobias Lilja did a great job with the music. The gameplay is shallow. Enemies are very easy. The game is very short. Worth the 20 usd7.5/10
,Recommended,424840,31439977,Posted: 29 April,all,sharpiesniff,"My mission in life is to save this little girl. This is not ok. The white noise gives me goosebumps. Each jump and pivot has to count. Cutesy things do not belong in such a horrific setting, there is something psychologically unsettling about it. I'm not sure how far i'll get, but i do hope there is a satisfying ♥♥♥♥-you to whomever is in charge of this container that harbors innocent chitlins."
76561198077449566,Not Recommended,424840,33104492,Posted: 1 July,all,MrMeeseeks,"Little Nightmares' art style and beautifully understated soundtrack can't conceal its numerous problems.- Artsy camera angles, leading to many frustrating accidental deaths- Broken AI, meaning that no matter how careful you are, enemies will often be able to detect you anyway- Puzzles so simplistic that one can't help but wonder if they were added to pad the game's length- Scripted events so contrived that any tension is lost- A late plot twist which is rendered meaningless by the game's lack of a plot or any significant payoff- Boring final boss- Unskippable ending credits (a petty gripe, but I'm feeling particuarly malicious today)- A short runtime and zero replay valueI know I'm in the minority here, so who knows? Maybe you'll play Little Nightmares and be able to see through its horrid design choices. Although, if you're on the fence about buying this and haven't played Inside yet, you should get Inside instead. It's like this but good."
76561198079398043,Recommended,424840,31938385,Posted: 24 May,all,Barschi der Unerbittliche,"Probably the best surreal game i´ve ever played! Thumbs up, its worth the money, although its very short."
76561198366816945,Recommended,424840,31934267,Posted: 24 May,all,sqydkiller,very good game i like the look of the enemys i find the janitor the most hardes villian in the game and i think other people should get the game
76561198049811520,Recommended,424840,31525782,Posted: 3 May,all,Sloth,"Yeah, its short. Yeah, its overpriced a bit. But its good♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you can see that they have put a lot of time in the design, atmosphere and levels. Great game, can recommend to anyone :)"
,Recommended,424840,31522614,Posted: 3 May,all,NeonToast,"Bedazzled... I am bedazzled. This is probably one of my favourite games yet. I loved the creepy style and everything about the gameplay was great. However I'm kind of disappointed. No matter how great the gameplay is, no matter how good the graphics are. !This game is not worth $20! It's just not... I enjoyed the story line and how dark it gets so much that I'll just keep it. Maybe replay it for all the achievements but 2-3 hours of gameplay for $20 is insane! I'm thinking about repeating my initial statement just to clarify it bette... oh there I go: !This game is not worth $20! Yes, I recommend buying it just because I think that the metaphorical value in it is something that should be seen by more people. But I recommend it with unwillingness... so really it's up to you. My tip? Buy it, play through it under 2 hours, refund it.You're welcome :)"
,Recommended,424840,31410852,Posted: 28 April,all,Skimixs,10/10 Play as a little kid who runs away from jarred from subway.
76561198085573274,Recommended,424840,31525583,Posted: 3 May,all,Armada Devinshi,"Am excellent game filled with atmospheric enviroment with immersive gameplay and a quality story development. Credit to the developers and thank you for such a great game. Length might be an issue however, it has perfect pace throught out the begining till the end. Finally the chapters intensity increases whenever you progress to the next chapters."
,Recommended,424840,33915149,Posted: 30 July,all,｡♡𝘵𝘦𝘢,Six didn't eat the sausage :'(
,Recommended,424840,31435364,Posted: 29 April,all,BludStanes,"This is the most beautiful and grotesque game available. As disgusting and gross as your surroundings and villains are, there is a weird type of beauty and cohesiveness. It is short for the price, indeed, but you're paying for quality here, not quantity. Go buy some mindless shooter for 5$ and play for 20 hours, or spend 20$ and play at least 5 delicious hours of this game.I'd compare it to a restaurant. Sure you could go get a couple double cheeseburgers from mcdonalds for nice and cheap, but it's greasy, not very tasty and at most all it did was the bare mininum, satiate your hunger. Spend some more loot and you can sit down, take your time and have a delicious meal with incredible atmosphere a la Little Nightmares (The metaphor ran away from me there, think a high class steak joint as opposed to a fast food chain).I'm not even going to talk about mechanics. I'm sure everybody saw from the videos, even screenshots, it's easy enough to see what kind of game it is; A semi-horrific romp through a bizarre setting with some clever puzzles and daring escapes from some of the biggest uglies you've ever seen in a game.I'll leave you with this; I don't often buy games at full price, I NEVER preorder or buy early access games anymore... yet I preordered this. Some kind of basic instinct told me this game would be flooded with quality. I wasn't wrong. To be honest there isn't much replay value, you can go back and find some collectibles and other secrets if you want, but for me, I can see myself coming back and replaying this every six months or so. I only wish they added some kind of hard or extreme mode.TL;DR: If you have money and you like weird gross stealthy type games, buy this game. And it's got one hell of a doozy of an ending, whew."
,Recommended,424840,31477397,Posted: 30 April,all,Eggs on Toast,I had an amazing experience with this game. It's a must play as far as I'm concerned.
76561198258657858,Not Recommended,424840,31488078,Posted: 1 May,all,Mottbox,Game is very fun but definitely over priced; myself and my girlfriend VERY casually going through it had it complete in under 4 hours. Felt sort of ripped off at the end.
76561198065804203,Recommended,424840,34615567,Posted: 30 August,all,DALOS,"Not necesarily scary, but you will definitely have a few NOPE moments. This game is comparable to Limbo and Inside, so if you enjoy those games, you'll like this. Only problem I have with this game is that it's WAY too short. You can finish it in half a day."
76561198096250678,Recommended,424840,31474317,Posted: 30 April,all,Onyx,I loved the game but I wish it was longer :( PLEASE add more or make another soon
,Recommended,424840,34624506,Posted: 30 August,all,`Creative,"A truly unique game that is well worth the purchase.You play the character 'Six', a child trapped within 'The Maw', a mysterious vessel for which there are monsters and other souls looking to end you. You have nothing but your trusty lighter and your wit to navigate you through the dark!It is quite an engaging game and the graphics are beautiful. They have accurately painted quite a 'creepy' setting as per their title, and mirrored it with a great quality soundtrack.The controls are minimal and simple to use. Occasionally some of the 'rooms' you creep through(which there are many) take a little bit to work out, but that's part of the challenge and the fun.This is more of a 'Quality over Quantity' type game. The level of effort and detail put into this game makes it well worth the purchase.I thought the ending of this game was amazing. A fascinating twist which I did not see coming!I've purchased the Expansion Pass and am looking forward to the new chapters yet to come."
,Recommended,424840,31442869,Posted: 29 April,all,Raccoon,"I love the game and it's was definitely worth the money, I'm just upset that they didn't make the dlc free since you can beat the game on it's own in 3 hours."
,Not Recommended,424840,33066744,Posted: 30 June,all,Hinterlad,"I really wanted to like this game.  The aesthetic was cool, and the concept of being a little girl in a massive ship was cool.  I wanted there to be a a thread that I just had to keep pulling until I unravel the intricate world of this game.  I'm a Swedish-American so I felt a connection to the developers of this game.  Most of all, it seemed scary and I wanted to be scared.All that being said, I didn't like it.  It was really a bore, and the storyline was non-existent.  I didn't play past a few hours.  The tasks were hard and not rewarding at all.  This is a good game for the people that like to get annoyed at aggravating tasks such as walking in a light or sprinting around and ducking into holes.  And the game is not scary at all.  Period."
76561198288532460,Recommended,424840,34592077,Posted: 29 August,all,edc900,Loved the art style and the gameplay. Recomend 10/10
76561198089004151,Recommended,424840,31451856,Posted: 29 April,all,Ziekff,"I bought this game on a whim due to the look and atmosphere of the game trailer. Little nightmares isn't boasting to be a puzzle masterpiece and rather makes the effort to take the best from the platformer and horror genres to deliver an experience that kept me on my toes and made me feel just like a scared kid. This game wants to make you feel something with its dark and gritty presentation and unworldly art style. I can say that the creeping waves of anxiety that washed over me as I crept around corners was my favorite part playing it. This game won't be for everybody but for lovers of platformers, I think the price tag is more than fair.This game isn't a challenging game. Having beating it now, I can say I would have liked a more hardcore mode where dying on a stage would make you repeat the level. I certainly died a lot but with so many checkpoints, it hardly counts as a setback. This overall didn't hurt my appreciation for the game but did make me realize that the replayability would decrease substantially without another mode of play.Overall, my experience was excellent. If you want a stylistic platformer and are a fan of horror games, then grab your yellow rain coat and jump right into the maw."
76561198217586009,Recommended,424840,31451649,Posted: 29 April,all,xaviserrag,"Awesome game, only 3 hours long as many have said but it's incredibly detailed and rich in its gameplay. I would say that it was definitely worth the purchase, if you appreciate the effort that went into all these designs and storytelling."
76561197984132084,Recommended,424840,31451260,Posted: 29 April,all,TheShadowCookie,"LITTLE NIGHTMARES ~ A Short Review By TheShadowCookie1. The Good StuffI enjoyed my time spent playing ""Little Nightmares"" by Tarsier Studios. Stunning visuals, haunting music, disturbing creatures - overall quite the amazing presentation from start to finish. The gameplay also feels solid, not much to complain about here. Puzzles are simple, usually involving proper timing to make certain jumps (for example during a chase) or the need to find hidden keys in order to unlock doors - a tall and lumbering monster always nearby to make matters more difficult. You avoid these pursuers either by running as fast as you can (as already implied) or hiding beneath furniture and objects of similar nature. As you continue to make progress, the game begins to slowly but surely deliver a grotesque message about the current state of our world and its people, primarily the consumption of food and gluttony. Words cannot describe those final moments, you will have to witness them with your own eyes. I for one absolutely loved it.Unfortunately it is necessary to mention that not everything is as flawless as some people would like to believe.2. The Bad StuffFor starters, the story, as little as there is of it, has one of the most abrupt endings ever, many questions left unanswered. I wanted to learn more about the mysteries of the game, but most of them were either swiftly forgotten or never explored more thoroughly, a real shame in my opinion - and also the biggest issue. Each chapter of the game is interesting, each unique and frightening, but they are over before you know it. From one thrill ride to the next without much time to digest any of it. All of it ultimately felt a bit rushed, almost as if they had to remove bits of the plot here and there to fit it all into this three hours-long journey. And yes, I did just say that - only THREE hours. This perhaps disappointed me the most about ""Little Nightmares"". I do understand that independent games nowadays are almost always short experiences, but only three hours? And those three hours for 20 bucks? Maybe 10, that sounds reasonable, but not 20 bucks. It feels especially frustrating because the game is so damn decently-crafted. You want more - but aren't getting it. Instead you are left behind pondering the things that did not make much sense. What kind of motivation did the villain have? Who knows. Hell, what kind of motivation or background did the main character have? Who knows. You might argue that these riddles are forgivable. I will openly admit that similar games such as ""Limbo"" and ""Inside"" also told vague stories - but those games offered much room for personal interpretation. No such room here, there isn't any material to work with. You will get that fix for such games if you need it - but the fix isn't nearly as strong. Disappointing, plain and simple.3. Last WordIn conclusion... Do I recommend ""Little Nightmares""? I certainly do - but not for its current price. 20 dollars (or your regional equivalent) is simply too much for such a short game. By all means, if you've been waiting for the release like me ever since its announcement, go for it. You will find a great experience here - just don't expect it to last very long.TL;DR - Very intriguing experience that should have been much longer. Not nearly enough value for those 20 bucks."
76561198207055729,Recommended,424840,31750843,Posted: 14 May,all,Friskyyz.,"Great game, absolutely loved it. Thrilling and always kept on your toes. Fantastically made. However, finished it in 1.5-2 hours, and for $20 USD it seems overpriced for that game length. Nonetheless, lots of fun."
,Recommended,424840,31780217,Posted: 15 May,all,Paradocks,It's good and really  fun but ehh.. the price isn't worth it. Plus it's way too short. Kinda regret buying it on full price. But rating it up anyways cause the game is really good.
76561198089843987,Recommended,424840,31764177,Posted: 15 May,all,Kuroda Nakamura,"Fans of Limbo and INSIDE have one more reason to rejoice. Short, tricky, mysterious, tense, and a whole lot of ""what the F---"". Highly recommended."
,Recommended,424840,31698838,Posted: 12 May,all,The Classy Cat,"It's a great game in general with awesome visuals but only two things made me refund the game. First of all, unlike INSIDE the storyand the twist pretty muchturned out to be more predictable than I thought and secondly, as much as it has its moments, it's pretty short and I can't seem to find a strong replayability value other than finding the little mushroom head dudes. Though I can safely say if you're considering about getting it, go ahead and save this for an upcoming sale."
,Recommended,424840,31795807,Posted: 16 May,all,Tenken,If you liked Limbo or Inside you will definitely like this. It kind of reminds me of Limbo with a Coraline type of feel to it.
76561198204055520,Recommended,424840,31807150,Posted: 17 May,all,SnowWalker,Awesome game. Loved it!
76561198056903463,Recommended,424840,31849235,Posted: 19 May,all,ferality,"Little Nightmares continues the tradition set by Playdead's Inside and Limbo, a gothic stealth / horror / puzzle mix that's lean and memorable. This is a game to be devoured in one setting, then thought about, then replayed later, and it's very much worth your time."
,Recommended,424840,31735291,Posted: 13 May,all,Quaadruple,"Short game with so much good in the little time you get to play through it. Twenty bucks is a bit high, but to me, this game is special and deserves it."
,Recommended,424840,31873326,Posted: 20 May,all,Banana,Short and simple platformer with some minor horror themes.
,Recommended,424840,31758169,Posted: 14 May,all,GΔMΞVIXΞN,"I Luv This Game!!!As many game titles as I have played this is one of the most original!.it heavily references the illuminati & the elite and uses twists of asian folklore.I love it as this might be a short game, but it doesn't leave u hangin' it has a full plot that haunts you far after u beat tha game.I can't help , but wonder if this game was intended to be a short or if their were more levels and bosses to be implmented that just got left out so they could release the game on schedule.I hope they come out with a sequel for this game as i have so many questions and love for the character of Six.TY Tarsier Studios.I <3 u"
,Recommended,424840,31938770,Posted: 24 May,all,BreadBoi,Spook
,Recommended,424840,31717290,Posted: 12 May,all,LQwet,Tis good
,Recommended,424840,31806344,Posted: 17 May,all,_В НАТУРЕ_,very good game i love it
,Recommended,424840,31405832,Posted: 27 April,all,Hermit,so far its a really good game
,Recommended,424840,31500606,Posted: 1 May,all,Lawlsomedude,"Absolutely seeping with character and personality.I was excited to explore Little Nightmares ever since I saw the first gameplay trailer. I shut myself out from any information about the gameplay and awaited the day where I could experience it for myself. And my waiting was well rewarded, as the game met my expectations in nearly every aspect.Nearly.First thing's first, the graphics. A 2.5D shadowbox presentation. It's wonderfully unique and offers an almost Tim Burton-esque feeling throughout. Light and shadows show you exactly what you need while keeping the atmosphere deliciously moist and uncomfortable. Right from the start, I feel as though I'm in a place I need to get away from. The raincoat the protagonist wears, along with being adorable, offers a very distinct color contrast from the environment. Everything in the world feels as though I'm exploring a children's storybook fantasy that was melted and left out in the rain.The game plays most similarly to Limbo and Inside, with you needing to interact with the environment and pass simple puzzles to proceed. Push a box, pull a switch, nothing too crazy. Thereisone other recurring thing the game makes you do, that I would prefer to not spoil. In fact, a lot of the gameplay I don't want to spoil since the surprise of discovery benefits the impact.I previously mentioned that there was one issue I had with the game, and it's the length. The last horror game I played through entirely was Resident Evil 7, and I thoughtthatgame was short. I finished Little Nightmares in a single session. To me, that's just downright depressing. The game is as long as it needs to be, but not a minute longer. I wouldn't be so mad about it, if not for the fact that I reallyreallyloved the game until the end. I wanted to see what else the developers could think up. Every little thing in the game screams with character and life; Little Nightmares is absolutely bursting at the seams with personality! And the staggering length is the one thing that nearly breaks it for me. But, for me, this game holds much more replay ability over other horror games if only for the atmosphere. This game is amazing and, dare I say, timeless."
,Not Recommended,424840,34761240,Posted: 5 September,all,Ingbish | Helgelan,weird♥♥♥♥♥movement and the game crashes a lot
,Recommended,424840,34808810,Posted: 7 September,all,mercy,"Little Nightmares,much like my male copulatory organ, is incredibly robust and enjoyable, but also criminally short.The game shares many storytelling similarities with Limbo, while taking many gameplay elements from fellow horror games such as Amnesia, SOMA, etc, all packaged into a cute, satisfying platforming gem.Fortunately, unlike my libido, Amnesia: 2D isn't completely obnoxious. The scares are tasteful, and the jumpscares never feel cheap.Little Nightmares maintains its minimalism while managing to be engaging, and most importantly, an aspect I feel is overlooked in many horror games, managing to be fun.Pros:• Very aesthetically pleasing art style, the game looks identical to how it looks in the screenshots• Beautiful environments all the way through• Runs very smoothly• Top notch sound design and rich sountrack• Engaging, fun gameplay that manages to keep up the immersion and tension while still being a challenging video game• Very clever puzzles that upon completion, feel satisfying, partly because you're also outsmarting a nightmarish creature• Very solid controls, IMO best played with a controller• Solid story (or lack thereof) from beggining to endCons:• Very short, and a bit pricey for something with this little content• Sometimes the movement is weird and you fall off of high places when it's not really your fault, but it's not a big dealFinal Verdict:Little Nightmares is one of my favourite new horror games, would highly recommend to anyone who enjoyed similar games such as Limbo, Amnesia, and more recently, Inside.Little Nightmares will bring out your inner child, and scare you to death at the same time. A must play. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,424840,31459196,Posted: 30 April,all,TwistyShape,"This game is a delightfully atmospheric creep-out along similar lines to Limbo & Inside. Multiple puzzles mostly based around how to avoid an untimely death which pretty much only one answer, not really a 'puzzle'. The plot is understood entirely from what you see, which frankly means its not really that easy to understand, I had to Wiki it afterwards to fill the blanks. This isn't specifically a bad thing as the imagery is amazing and unsettling but it loses some depth having to Google it afterwards. The gameplay and controls are nice and simple, took a little figuring out but nothing to complex. Lastly the game costs £16, I finished it within 2 hours. Personally thats not worth £16, maybe £10? Its not exactly going to give me endless playtime and I'm not really the sort of person to seek out all the collectables if they have no impact other than achivements.Personally I'd advise to wait for it on sale then play it, purchasing it full price may leave you feeling a little empty handed."
,Recommended,424840,34957553,Posted: 14 September,all,FatherOftheMoon,"Got it on sale for $11 beat it in under 3 hours with my daughter, had  fun, is not scary but it will keep you awake, very fun and easy!"
,Not Recommended,424840,31599592,Posted: 7 May,all,Bacung,"good game but 2 or 3 hours of gameplay for 19,99...NAH"
,Recommended,424840,31427554,Posted: 28 April,all,Scythe Plays,"Little Nightmares is a true ""quality over quantity"" game. Fun physics based puzzles, sneaking past horrifying creatures or running down a hallway from a starving monster trying to eat you whole.The quality of this game is without question, but is the amount of content worth $20 dollars?THE GOOD:-Outstanding presentation. Truly Little Nightmares comes with the whole package in terms of the quality. The graphics are not only unique, but very pretty with high quality animations bringing the characters to life, but the sound design is on a whole other level!-Controls are responsive as you'd expect. Everything feels like you're in control of the character rather than fighting against them.-Secret areas worth finding. Although these are only for collectibles, finding a secret passage leading to a unique room just for a collectible helps keep things interesting.THE BAD:-It's very short, I completed Little Nightmares in 3 hours and was left unsatisfied with the final two levels. The game only has 5 levels and while the first three manage to be 25-40 minutes, the last two were only around 15 minutes.-The game sets a unique tone for each levels such as darkness, sound, sight but suddenly the forth level you're just running the whole time to avoid enemies and the final level is a boss fight.-Very easy. Personally I don't see this as an issue, you get through the game with only a handful of deaths due to trial and error, but to some people it might not serve enough of a challenge.-No replay value if you're not interested in collectibles.SHOULD YOU BUY IT?:I'd recommend it. Even if you only play through Little Nightmares once, the ride from start to finish is well worth it!But if $20 dollars is a bit too much for 3 hours of gameplay, you can always watch it on YouTube."
76561197983030764,Recommended,424840,31456337,Posted: 29 April,all,Rune,"- Game finished in around 3 hours.- Beautiful Game, No hand holding.- amazing visuals and atmosphere.- The sound and art direction are spot on.- Length is just right for this type of wordless narrative.- Controls are fine.- Cant wait for more continuation in this strange and twisted world!!"
,Recommended,424840,31479193,Posted: 30 April,all,notsivhd,"Very nice game!!! the only thing I regret is the price!!! with an offert, you have to buy it!!!Why? because the game is very short! :'(, I enjoy the game but IS VERY SHORT!!!! WHY NAMOCO, WHY? :'("
,Not Recommended,424840,31408769,Posted: 27 April,all,Baba Ghanoush,"Little Nightmares is a cute but horrifying game, that is intense, beautifly made, and fun to play.  The concept of this game is extremely interesting and the execution was done perfectly. Through amazing level design and grotesque enemies this game will leave you speechless for the short time you have with it. Sadly, I can't reccomend this game. Being a 5 hour game makes the $20 price tag way too high. If you can get this game on sale for $10 it's a must buy. This game is beautiful, but the lack of content makes it not worth it."
,Recommended,424840,32766500,Posted: 25 June,all,SuperYgge,SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD  11/10
76561197990834620,Recommended,424840,31505231,Posted: 2 May,all,ChopperMac,Very good
76561198058114014,Not Recommended,424840,34857969,Posted: 10 September,all,akkalla,"I was not able to start a game. After choosing a new slot in save games it crashes. In other commets a relation was made between AMD CPUs and the crash. I got a AMD Phenom II X4 955 cpu.""The UE4-Atlas Game has crashed and will...""""Fatal error!""That's discustingfor 14,99€"
,Not Recommended,424840,32042298,Posted: 29 May,all,BinaryGhost,"NOTE: Contains mild spoilers.Summary:Pros:- Novel concept- Short (this is a pro because of the many cons).Cons:- Simplistic gameplay- Boring level design- Almost no storyThis is a game in which the idea is better than the execution. The concept of a cute little gnome girl trapped in this surreal dark environment of creepy giants is really novel. Unfortunately the game fails in all the important parts of the execution.The level design is kinda interesting... but only because of the concept. In terms of the actual content of the levels, there isn't much to look at. The design follows a generic-X kind of approach. There's a generic library that is just shelves and books, there's the generic kitchen which is just crates, shelves, and cooking counters. You get generic tunnels, generic bedrooms, generic everything. The only level that isn't simply a collection of generic rooms in a certain theme is the 5th level, where there's a feast going on and the whole environment is very lively.In terms of being a platformer game, it's too simplistic. Yes I know, it's not just a platformer, it's also a stealth game, but at its core this is a platformer, and as such, it's too basic. A few really simple ideas that we've seen before in other games is what comprises the game's levels, and that's disappointing. The game also does a poor job sometimes communicating what needs to be done. The final boss battle is a great example of that. I wouldn't have guessed what I need to do if I haven't seen it in a playthrough, and even if I would've gotten the very mild hint that the boss doesn't like mirrors, the mirror you end up using doesn't look like a mirror at all (no reflection).The story is delivered in such a way that it's impossible to figure it out. Not that there's much of it anyway, but what little story there is in the game is hidden in really mild clues, and text on the game's freaking website. When you need to read text off some website to get the back story, someone clearly made some bad decisions. Maybe there's a pdf that contains this information in the game files, I forgot to check before uninstalling, but still. The game should stand on its own, and they purpously made it so that it doesn't.In conclusion, the idea is really cute, and the style is intriguing, but there are much better games out there."
76561198081758937,Not Recommended,424840,33765132,Posted: 24 July,all,Ennykins,The price does not match the amount of game you get out of it. You're basically paying for the graphics and two hours of gameplay. Might be worth it if it's on sale for 50% or more.
76561198114955376,Not Recommended,424840,34993370,Posted: 16 September,all,Sirwoofish,This game left a sour ♥♥♥♥ing taste in my mouth.The depth perseption is so broken it ruins all and any ambiance that was in the scene by forcing you to go back like 5 minutes of game play because the checkpoint system is confusing and relentless seeing as you can't pilot a bulky input lag character in a precision 3d platformer.Seeing as this is trying to be like Limbo it should be mentioned it only works in that game because it's on a two dementional plane makeing it easy just have to worry about jump times. And don't get me started on smart climb. Half the time it impeated me to pushing objects or climbing to my death. Controls and vision just ruin the game for me and just leave me praying that this stair case over there is just a couple of steps to my left.If the camera was just positioned in a diffrent way and the shadows viewable. It would make it so much more of an enjoyable game. Beutiful designs and style if only the mechanics were polished
,Not Recommended,424840,35011021,Posted: 16 September,all,Antioch,"Just over half an hour was all I could stand:♥♥♥♥♥♥controls, little direction (looked around a room for a while before realizing that I guess I was supposed to ignore everything and just run through it really fast), and a complete lack of any information means I don't give enough of a ♥♥♥♥ about Six (whose name I only know from reading the ad blurb) to bother continue playing it. Hopefully the refund goes through."
76561198035970828,Not Recommended,424840,34719136,Posted: 3 September,all,Teeebs,"Game is VERY broken!!!Avoid like the plague.  Game will not run.  Fatal error at every attempt to run it.  There is a very convoluted fix, but it is not permanent.  And I really don't feel like messing around with the command prompt every time I want to run this.  Also, the developers don't care, so don't be expecting an actual fix.  They have your money, why SHOULD they care??DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE!!!"
,Not Recommended,424840,34377014,Posted: 20 August,all,Quasar_Stig,"Not playable on my systems. Way to laggy on my laptop that shouldn't run it, and I keep getting the ""fatal crash"" when starting a new game on my desktop. Updating drivers, changing the settings, and looking through forums for other tips didn't work. Other Unreal Engine 4 games work just fine. I'm getting it refunded."
76561198119086907,Not Recommended,424840,34134600,Posted: 9 August,all,ApocalypticMind,"The controls are a disaster. I know you can change them, but for controller and keyboard (which I use) alike they're bad. I really want to like this game, and there is a lot I like about it, but if I can't PLAY it then what's the point? Smooth game play is important, it doesn't matter how good everything else is (and, everything else in this is VERY good.) The controls are very inconsistance, and so are the enemies. I'll try many different tactics only ending in the same result, or I can do the same exact thing several times and it will magically work. Some enemies were NOT where they were supposed to be. Minor spoilers, but one is supposed to come from the ceiling and surprise you, but for me he just stood right in the doorway doing nothing but blocking me from progressing and forcing me to restart. The autosaves aren't good either, which is surprising, because lighting the launters and candles seemed like an awesome way to save but in the end that does nothing. On rare occasions the character will teleport, which could be harmless, or could screw you over and make you have to do the same frusterating puzzle from the beginning.That being said, everything else about this game is very good. Nice style, amazing sounds, music, graphics, stories, etc. I am very interested in the world the game has created. The bad controls are a deal breaker for me, though they might not be for everybody. It's a good game if you're willing to put up with the frusterating, inconsistance, controlling. If you don't want to put up with that I recommend watching a Let's Play of it. I don't hate this game, it's just not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,424840,31523694,Posted: 3 May,all,croos,"I did like the game, however, it's only 3 hours of gameplay for 20EUR. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,424840,32137012,Posted: 2 June,all,Lucille is a Vampire bat!,A masterpiece!Should you buy it?The real question is why You didn't do that yet!
,Not Recommended,424840,35453658,Posted: 3 October,all,🔪ɱαɢɪc ɱƴєʀѕ🔪,It's a little too boring for me. I just could not find enjoyment for this game.
76561197983155050,Not Recommended,424840,31494360,Posted: 1 May,all,Lihanukke,"Crashes after a few minutes, so badly you can not even kill the game and have to repower the PC..."
,Not Recommended,424840,31423886,Posted: 28 April,all,John Timber anal blood,game is too short
76561198034818363,Not Recommended,424840,31514289,Posted: 2 May,all,strahd19th,"Was really looking foward to playing this game. Cant get pass this stupid ""Fatal Error - UE4-Atlas"" issue. Crashes soon as the game starts every time without fail. I would think after all these complaints the devs would have made a path to fix this by now. I'll wait a little longer to see if this gets fixed but if not its gonna be refund city baby. So for now this game is getting a failing grade and i certainly cannot recommend...."
,Recommended,424840,31448231,Posted: 29 April,all,Scylla,"I don't know how I'm going to recommend this game without having a Steam review with a prominent, red, ""Not Recommended"" sign. It's misleading. I really, really recommend this game, the atmosphere is beautiful and luring. The enemies are repulsive, yet are able to catch your curiosity with their unusual design. The game's mechanics are alright at best, there will be times where an enemy will grab you even though he clearly missed you, or you'll randomly walk off the edge of a thin walkway, or you'll completely screw over the enemy's AI, but these incidents are so few and far between that they don't ruin the overall experience.Now, let's talk about the price... Ilovethis game to bits, it's probably one of my favourite games, but for such a short (albeit wonderful) experience for the suprisingly high price of 20 (200kr in my country) USD? That's just absurd. The game is so, so well done, with an incredible amount of attention to detail, from everything to the delicate hands on the clocks ticking away, or the Chef cutting and tearing a cut of meat apart, it really adds to the immersion and makes the universe much more believable, and that attention to detail alone helps justify the selling price. It shows that the developers put a lot of time and effort into the universe and such dedication does deserve some recognition.However, I still feel like the game is too short, and the game ends with many unanswered questions. If the developers were to ammend their mistakes by releasing additional, FREE DLC that includes new locations, a new enemy, and answers to these many questions I'm sure we all have, then I'm certain that Little Nightmares can earn the title of a legendary horror game like it so goddamn deserves.If you've got the money for it, then please buy this game. It's an amazing, yet sadly short experience that will shock you and entice you with it's visually beautiful world. Otherwise, it's better to wait for this game to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,424840,31441031,Posted: 29 April,all,DropDeadZed,A big nope from me. Puzzles and gameplay isn't that great. Art and sound is amazing that's about it. Ending was a big letdown and it should be cheaper.
76561198357590593,Recommended,424840,31597605,Posted: 6 May,all,lowell,One of my favorite platformers.
76561198010620668,Recommended,424840,31412974,Posted: 28 April,all,Coln,Did I just watch a movie or did I play a game?10/10
76561198159079262,Not Recommended,424840,31427240,Posted: 28 April,all,DtotheX,"I wanted to like this game, but the physics isn't really used as much as it should be for the game and the puzzles. It's too simple, and I know that it's very short, but what is there is good, it's just not really worth it untill it goes down/ on sale."
,Not Recommended,424840,31489981,Posted: 1 May,all,Time-traveler Saelzen,Pros:  It's pretty neatCons: it's not barely 3 hours longwould have been great to have been as long as Inside.  Honestly I expected a lot more and am really disappointed.
,Not Recommended,424840,31451658,Posted: 29 April,all,ava1anch3,keeps crashing. can't even start the game...  :(
76561198046817307,Recommended,424840,34591303,Posted: 29 August,all,Greymatter,"I didn't really think it was possible to top Inside, but this game has done it.  Absolute masterpice."
,Recommended,424840,31435629,Posted: 29 April,all,gyuunyuu,A scary version of Wall-E. Creepy as ****!!
76561198327146767,Recommended,424840,31718382,Posted: 13 May,all,chaoticyle,cute
,Recommended,424840,31733293,Posted: 13 May,all,TitsMcgee,8/8 gr8 game m8
76561197997998444,Recommended,424840,31734576,Posted: 13 May,all,Zlyab,"Although it took me only 4 hours to finish and the ending was a little underwhelming, I absolutely love the art style, level design and audio.No buyer's regret on this one, it delivers exactly what's promised: a creepy atmospheric puzzle/platformer."
,Recommended,424840,31431529,Posted: 28 April,all,BrokenPizzaMachine,"WARNING! DO NOT READ IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO KNOW SOME THINGS!Pros:-Great Platforming-Stunning Visuals and MusicCons:-What the hell just happened?-Way too short to be worth $20.00-WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED, I BEAT THE GAME, AND THIS ENDING LEFT ME SO HOLLOW, LIKE WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!"
,Not Recommended,424840,31473956,Posted: 30 April,all,Thunder M.O.B.,"Looked and played pretty good, but an hour and a half to 2 hours is a dealbreaker for 20$"
76561198015747367,Recommended,424840,33334349,Posted: 6 July,all,zoza,If you like limbo youll like this plain and simple.. Cant wait for the DLC ..Have these guys made any other games??
,Recommended,424840,31632120,Posted: 8 May,all,Spicy Shrek,"WOW, what a game!!!Good horror game + very mysterious and touching gameplay.Nice job whoever made this game.I first saw this when pewdiepie was playing it. I didnt watch the whole playthrough.This game is breathtaking.... Play it now if you havent!!!!"
,Recommended,424840,31845263,Posted: 19 May,all,Best,ONE OF THE BEST PLATFORM GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYEDBUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSO DAMN SHORTVERY VERY VERY VERY SHORT
,Recommended,424840,32796424,Posted: 25 June,all,TrapLordEustace,Art
76561198076256512,Recommended,424840,31571887,Posted: 5 May,all,GoomFrubla,"If you like atmospheric games, you will have an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with this one. But I was extremely sad by the short time it took me to complete, only two hours. This game is made souly for its intended audience. Very great game, refunding it though until it gets free DLC or any other expansion."
,Recommended,424840,32788728,Posted: 25 June,all,Sir Leminid,"Amazing Game. Incredible worldbuilding and storytelling without any dialogue. Reminds me very much of Limbo and INSIDE in gameplay and theme, but the story is way different.The first time I was shown one of the evil creatures, I didn't pay much attention until it was almost offscreen. The second time I saw one, I was filled with dread. And this game just keeps coming back with more and more dread, and always keeps you on the edge of your seat. As you enter a new area, you're not sure whether you'll need to run or hide, or whether you'll be completely safe.Now for somevery smallissues/gripes/concerns I had with the game:I was disappointed thatthe first time I got caught, all the creature did was hold me. I was hoping he'd do something more, like wring my neck, or slam me against a surface,or bring me back to his workbench and do what ever he does with the others.When you die, the game dwells on it for a few seconds, in a way. This could be a punishment for getting caught, but even when you accidentally fall from a great height, it takes a couple seconds just to show your dead body or the pit into which you fell.It's easy to slip up at a few points in the game. Again, it would be one thing if you fell off a narrow catwalk and survived, and had to get back, but if the fall is of great enough height, you'll just die.Respawning takes a while, too. When you respawn (except for in chase sections), there's an animation of the player character sitting down with their legs tucked into their chest, and then slowly standing up. Again, good punishment for when you get caught, but painfully slow if you just keep slipping off something to your death.One bug that I can recall: An AI/NPC pathfinding issuein the room where the 2 chefs are cleaning dishes,once you get on the hooks,one of the chefs got caught on a table, trying to chase me, and was stuck in his running animation for the rest of the while he was on screen."
76561198271736444,Recommended,424840,31475319,Posted: 30 April,all,adventure,you can hear the lady singing like at the end of the game
,Recommended,424840,31517560,Posted: 2 May,all,Asriel Dreemur,"Absolutley fantastic narrative.*SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT*Little Nightmares is a game about a 9-year old girl named Six. The Maw in which the game takes place is a resort for the wealth, they take children and capture them and basically prepare them so they can be eaten. The people in the resort besides the main monsters are people that will eat ANY type of meat, especially YOU. The game is short sure but it would probably get repetitive if it were to go on any longer.I feel as if the time is just perfect because the game is a fantastic piece of art. The game was called ""Hunger"" when it was first announced back in 2014. When you play the game you can see why it was called that at one point as Six has these 'starvation' moments where she will also eat any type of meat in her way. It happens a few times through out the game and It's a pretty cool element especially for plot twists. The games art style is amazing, t's the most beautiful art direction out to date as well with the sound design and character designs. The monsters look horrific, however don't expect this to be a jumpscare fest it's just a scary game as in the realization of what is going on and also what is in front of you. The scene of the horrific monsters are what supposed to scare you, not cheap jumpscares. There are absolutley no jumpscares in the game which is honestly quite a surprise. The game has a deep lore and the game explains absolutley NOTHING. Go in the game blind for your best experience and also to theorize and stuff. Trust me it's a lot more fun to theorize about the game than you think. The controls are a bit wonky? But I dont really mind since I got used to them."
76561198070293225,Recommended,424840,33001991,Posted: 29 June,all,Wayvy,"This game is absolutely wonderful! From the first minutes, I was grabbed by the gorgeous graphics and perfect animations. It is so good, that for the first seconds of the game I thought that I'm in a cutscene and was waiting for something to happen. And then, when you move your character around, you notice how flawless the animations are and with what attention to detais they have made the game.Personally, I don't find the game as scary as say, Amnesia, but still dark and disturbing in a weirdly curious way. The world, in which you're put in, is interesting and motivates me to explore it. You don't get any background story at the beginning, but you don't really need it. This way it is all left to your imagination, combined with what you see while playing.The game is obviously made to be played with a controller, but I'm also doing quite good with the keyboard and mouse. I've seen a few people complaining about the controls - I don't think they have a reason to. The game requires pressing a multiple buttons sometimes but nothing harder than any other game where you have jumping and ledge grabbing and so on.All in all, I totally recommend the game and wanted to write this review, because I was so excited about it. I bought it on the summer sale, but I totally think that it's worth the full price."
,Recommended,424840,33162863,Posted: 2 July,all,☭۩KGB۩☭,gud game. give 'em ya monies and git dis gud game. it a spook.
76561198290243730,Recommended,424840,31475403,Posted: 30 April,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),my video card wasn't enoughI'd rate this game a 78/2
76561198202910833,Recommended,424840,31460204,Posted: 30 April,all,TestedBubble,"I have recently refunded the PC version of this game and bought an Xbox One version due to my PC having the dreaded Fatal Error crash which I see no hope in them fixing anytime soon. However, if your PC does bypass this game and you do not aspire for the game to have a HUGE amount of playtime then Little Nightmares is for you. I have already played up to what I imagine is the end of chapter 2 but I am not sure on that. From up until that point I can easily say I have played for roughly 3 hours and I have still not finished. I have seen complaints about some puzzles being harder than others but what I think they have not mentioned is that the harder puzzles are there because they are at the end of the chapter. As for the checkpoint system being bad, I have only stumbled across this once in the beginning.All things considered this is a great game and I highly recommend checking it out despite the other negative reviews. If you get the Fatal Error crash then refund the game and either wait for a patch or buy it for a console if you have one in your household. As for the playtime , and I quote, ""Some people expect a gold ring for the price of a gummy ring""."
,Recommended,424840,33448508,Posted: 10 July,all,Nightmaaron,"Awesome game, Very fun to play. It is dark, creepy and has periods of tense excitement. You play as a little character who is attempting to escape the maw. You must overcome puzzles and ""people"" to get out. It really is very well done. I recommend you play this if you get the chance. It is totally worth it. If you want to see my let's play of Little nightmares I have included the link in my review below.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMrzAsGLXuKE1U0NHRiilRa1Gl5sUCCCO"
,Recommended,424840,33067811,Posted: 30 June,all,draW,"It has been a very long time since I have truly lost myself in a game. Never have I played a horror game and gone ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was insane."" The ambience of the game really just sucks you in, and the story telling through visuals is absolutely marvelous, all of this truly wrapped up with a shiny, and absolutely astounding sound track. I am beyond excited for the expansion to finally release. My only gripe is the length of the game, and lack of playability, but with a game designed so well, I can't help but be satisfied with my purchase. Would absolutely recommend."
76561198248781196,Recommended,424840,33320179,Posted: 6 July,all,•Mli Rksn•,One of the best games i've ever played
,Recommended,424840,31834806,Posted: 18 May,all,==CHETOZZ==,Creepy Fantastic
76561198201152862,Recommended,424840,33385312,Posted: 8 July,all,Sanji,awesome game very unique
76561197971090890,Recommended,424840,31413847,Posted: 28 April,all,Fraay,"Absolutely amazing!The art style, the atmosphere, the feel and the mechanics are all amazing. It does not hold your hand throughout the game, you have to figure out everything yourself even the mechanics. I can't get enough of this game. If you are a horror/thriller fan you NEED to pick this up, at least get it when it's on sale.This is a 2017 MUST PLAY for fans of this genre.All I can say now is WHEN IS THERE GONNA BE DLC OR LN2?"
,Recommended,424840,31550654,Posted: 4 May,all,Connor,is bretty gud
,Recommended,424840,31411801,Posted: 28 April,all,dj.,All i can say is their better be more only 3 hrs and im done this even took my time
76561198259469570,Not Recommended,424840,31405986,Posted: 27 April,all,ShadowSpectre,"WORST GAME EVER!!!!! If you see this,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME,The end is a crap and its just 4 hours of game. Do not made the same mistake like me,this game is trash,DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! 20 dollars= 4 ♥♥♥♥IN HORRIBLE HOURS OF A MISERABLE GAME.SO DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥IN CRAP,I TOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE A GOOD GAME BUT ITS A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CRAP FOR 20 DOLLARS."
76561198355244884,Recommended,424840,31423397,Posted: 28 April,all,Hellmouse61,"I'll keep this short and sweet the game is very good, gameplay is good along with the graphics the only downside I have seen with this game is that its extremely short only a couple of hours to complete. That said I would recommend this game and would hope that the devs release more dlc for it."
,Recommended,424840,31444135,Posted: 29 April,all,abdullah.alawadhi,"Excellent game, wish it was a bit longer."
76561198086000734,Recommended,424840,31460143,Posted: 30 April,all,Joey,Made me want to become a Vegan.
,Recommended,424840,31421189,Posted: 28 April,all,Anti_Invincinator(NERDMODE-ON),I was a beautiful experience. Worth both the money and the time I spent on it. Althought it isn't a horror game actually.
,Recommended,424840,31426757,Posted: 28 April,all,Retronix,"The Style of Artwork is Phenomenal, I really enjoy playing it so far!~The Movement seems a bit off but it's nothing to major to complain about.. I got stuck for a bit trying to get into one part.~ The timing of the elevers and pullys are great! suspense almost everytime I pull one to reach a new destination!"
,Not Recommended,424840,31951652,Posted: 25 May,all,LandLover,"Full of illogical puzzles and enemies.. Annoying save points, controls make you mad too, esp if you are trying to escape or do some tricky jumps.. I don't think it worths the money and all those possitive votes.."
,Recommended,424840,32288621,Posted: 9 June,all,Daddy,One of the best indie games.
76561198170216603,Recommended,424840,32634708,Posted: 21 June,all,antleonardi01,Quite frankly the best 2d horror game ever made.
,Recommended,424840,32750022,Posted: 24 June,all,Ori | shedd,"Athough a bit short, this was a fantastic experience all the way through. The atmosphere is amazing, the puzzle-like elements were masterful. If you liked Limbo and Inside, I highly recommend this as well.I only wish there were more!"
,Not Recommended,424840,33596190,Posted: 16 July,all,Rich Homie Jesus Sr CLXVIII,"Pretty good game, however it does not warrant the $20 pricetag."
76561198045380711,Recommended,424840,31417973,Posted: 28 April,all,gehtsiegarnixan,"Neat little atmospheric horror game. Worth playing for the nightmares you will have. Not the most intuitive gameplay at times, but still quite good."
,Recommended,424840,33329789,Posted: 6 July,all,Aoki-kun,Really nice game. I wish it to be longer than that.
76561198206566771,Recommended,424840,32359299,Posted: 11 June,all,Logan gaming/Youtuber :),AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!111!!!!! #seret of the maw  dlc
76561198108094941,Recommended,424840,31423999,Posted: 28 April,all,Knapperig koekrolletje,"Hello.So first of all, I really do enjoy this game. I think it's amazing. But not perfect. SOOO far from perfect. This game is way too short. i know probably a lot of people already said this, but still. If difficulties were a thing in this game, then we could replay it a couple of times and have a somewhat different experience.Also one thing that just really annoyed me was the fact that I could not skip the credits. They are super long and I had to sit through the whole thing!The game had a couple of glitches but for me they weren't ""game breaking"" or anything like that.All by all the game is great. I just think the game could be WAY more that what it is now. Maybe, someday, there could be an update that gives us difficulties? (And skippable credits...)NOTE: This review will say RECOMMENDED, but if I were you i would wait for a sale to buy this game. If there was a sale that would change the price to like 15 bucks or lower, than you should buy the game. (But that's just my opinion)"
,Recommended,424840,31440807,Posted: 29 April,all,CyberPunk 2077,great game and storyline is nice too
,Recommended,424840,31531669,Posted: 3 May,all,Tom,One of the best games that has come out recently. The game is near flawless as i played through the game without experiencing any bugs.Both the enemy design and level design is brilliant and the tense atmosphere throughout kept me glued to the game. Overall a brilliant game that I would highly recommend.
,Recommended,424840,34494234,Posted: 25 August,all,SlipperySmooth,yes very very  good yes yes♥♥♥♥♥♥cyka commrad
76561198312195150,Not Recommended,424840,33436135,Posted: 10 July,all,patrickliger,"This game is almost impossible to get 100%, to get all the masks you need to beat the demo, and be in a specific reigon. achievments okay but the masks not possible I would recommend having the tengu mask avalible if you beat the dlc and the fox mask if you beat the hug all the gnomesbesides tha i think the game is really good"
76561198371075336,Recommended,424840,31632650,Posted: 8 May,all,Tiny Rick,Its pretty lit fam. Like you sneak and♥♥♥♥♥♥and run and jump. You light candles and♥♥♥♥♥♥so its always lit everywhere you go. Best mario game ive played
,Not Recommended,424840,33098842,Posted: 1 July,all,Soak Seal,"Although I do like the game but I don't recommend the PC Version of this game because everytime you start a new file, it will have a fatal error crash. I just wish that either Tarsier Studios or Namco can fix this problem..."
76561198082073893,Recommended,424840,31525456,Posted: 3 May,all,Ficus planicostata,"Amazing little horror game, so sad it's overpriced"
,Recommended,424840,34129323,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr. Dump Ling,beans cool.
,Recommended,424840,34076152,Posted: 7 August,all,Zeinovi,Such a beautiful game with intense atmosphere
,Recommended,424840,33750234,Posted: 23 July,all,TheBIGtoe,"Pros:1. Like Limbo/inside2. Really nice graphics3. Theme resembles ""Spirited away""Cons:1. Short (Completed story in under 1 hour)2. Xbox one controller issue (non stop vibratingin certain places until batteries removed)"
,Recommended,424840,33275376,Posted: 5 July,all,Winks.Pyro | trade.tf,Iz gud
,Recommended,424840,31523103,Posted: 3 May,all,Himbrombeere,"What a game!!! Got sucked in from the very beginning.Awesome graphics, wonderful music, great story and gameplay.Most important: Creepy and tense without a single jump scare."
76561198095957600,Recommended,424840,31522988,Posted: 3 May,all,cnajj,"I loved it! The art and the atmosphere is so nice, for me the scary and creepy were just right (im not one for horror) and the game wasnt overly difficult or confusing. But It would've been nice if the game was a little bit longer ofcourse =)Still i enjoyed it alot!"
76561198156234028,Recommended,424840,31432389,Posted: 28 April,all,Superflow,"Great atmosphere, fun to explore different paths, I would recommend this if you don't speedrun your games."
,Recommended,424840,33746642,Posted: 23 July,all,hello.,"Cute main character, creepy lighting and love the sound effects. 10/10"
,Recommended,424840,31476494,Posted: 30 April,all,Martin,Really good game and fun to play.
76561198386361003,Recommended,424840,31478053,Posted: 30 April,all,Leo,Woof
76561198052138240,Recommended,424840,34478245,Posted: 25 August,all,Total Gameboy,A PIECE OF ART !Little Nightmares is the best Indie game I ever play!Is a combination of a puzzle platformer with elements of  horror game.The game have very nice graphic presentation with powerfull Unreal Engine 4.Is a true piece of  art when it comes to level design and amazing imagination of characters and environment.A little bit short game that can be finish in like 4 hours... But a game in which you must use your brain to solve excelet puzzles.Very nice game... A really refreshing one !Best Regards!9/10
76561198148681293,Recommended,424840,31476446,Posted: 30 April,all,MatrixBrooke,"This game is at the top of my games to recommend! This game had not ONLY good graphics but amazing tempo! The chasing/scaring did not happen every 2 minutes like some games do, it was very well paced. The money is worth it if you want a great game you can enjoy forever. I knew something was up when Six ate the rat, I literally froze for 2 minutes wondering what I just witnessed. The ending was VERY well done and VERY creepy! Thank you guys so much for making this game! I hope you make more like this in the future! :D"
,Recommended,424840,31636952,Posted: 8 May,all,HasheM,you can play the piano 10/10
,Recommended,424840,34628227,Posted: 31 August,all,.Sam,"It's short, but what's there is almost perfect."
76561198214342128,Recommended,424840,34660311,Posted: 1 September,all,Big Sam,"This game is a bit short, but still awesome and totally worth buying."
,Recommended,424840,34669118,Posted: 1 September,all,Kynako,Really enjoying the game so far!!A VR version of this would be really interesting!
76561198074409378,Recommended,424840,34667125,Posted: 1 September,all,avstriez,nice
,Recommended,424840,32396853,Posted: 13 June,all,slacker,This game was a ton of fun. It was short but the atmosphere is beautiful and creepy. The coming DLC chapters should be fun and I am excited to try them.
76561198104481188,Recommended,424840,31450791,Posted: 29 April,all,kitesAREfun10,"I would definitely, absolutely recommend this game. It's fun, it's creepy, it's absolutely gorgeous.HOWEVER, if you're looking for a long game with indepth stories, this isn't for you. You're never told what you are, what the knome things are, why you're being hunted, what the monsters are, or what happens in the ending. You simply go through the game, mostly by trial-and-error, and then it ends.I personally don't mind this this--the game is marketed as a dream-like experience, and it certainly is that. Full of surreal imagery and little explanation (and really, really clever level design). But, like many other people, I DID find myself wishing there was more game, or more explanation, or maybe different endings...anything, really.Still. Definitely a recommendation."
76561198094540889,Recommended,424840,31450733,Posted: 29 April,all,nejatm,Great little game. I dont find the shortness as a negative either. Its short and sweet. The dark theme suits it really well and comes across beautifully. Some of the scenes are breathtaking.
,Recommended,424840,34617507,Posted: 30 August,all,wwwizzarrdry,"Good sound design and graphics. Nice controls. Great atmosphere. Weak puzzles.If you haven't played LIMB0, play LIMBO first.If you haven't played  INSIDE, play INSIDE second."
76561198235050352,Recommended,424840,32632348,Posted: 21 June,all,Captain Toto,cool
76561198163822676,Recommended,424840,32623985,Posted: 21 June,all,Zarya,amazing game
76561198405930021,Recommended,424840,34970059,Posted: 15 September,all,SA_hUnt,this the best horor game ever !!!!
76561197967161803,Recommended,424840,34979127,Posted: 15 September,all,Hie & Mighty,"Great Game, a bit short."
76561198147634755,Recommended,424840,35014343,Posted: 16 September,all,Buggy,10/10 game
76561198086194206,Recommended,424840,31580199,Posted: 6 May,all,N-armi,cutely creepy
76561198182579543,Recommended,424840,34596452,Posted: 29 August,all,Jun Snuw,"worth it to buy, good story"
76561198056796398,Recommended,424840,32821810,Posted: 26 June,all,REYS,"short but good game with nice graphic,amazing gameplay ,good story. for 19.99 euro it is  worth"
76561198322323861,Recommended,424840,32814420,Posted: 26 June,all,Feebs,Great game without jumpscares but still makes you feel anxious all the time
,Recommended,424840,32832933,Posted: 26 June,all,PC Gamer Girl,"ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS GAME! Some parts of it were so gross that it had me cringing in my seat. The art work is absolutely spectacular, the sound and music development is on point, and I'd love to shake the developers' hands on this one. They did an amazing job. 10/10 would most definitely play again.If you're interested in seeing some gameplay, you can check out my YouTube Lets Play video here: (Part 1)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kA77i6kjhIQ"
,Recommended,424840,32811115,Posted: 26 June,all,adamtorres7,"Holy hell! What a great little game! I don't care if people think it was short, I loved every bit of it. Haunting and immersive."
76561198045888838,Recommended,424840,32827679,Posted: 26 June,all,King Ice,"Weird but really good game, enjoyed playing it."
76561197960452186,Recommended,424840,33975990,Posted: 2 August,all,GammaZeta430,"> Awoken as one of the 4/10 starving children in America underneath what appears to be the new NYC subway line> Tried giving subway rats hugs but they kept running away> Tried to get food but it's considered a prexisting condition and had to scour instead of recieving much needed assistance> Was then frantically chased by the IRS, avoiding it's greedy hands from me whenever I had the chance> Luckily made it to a fast food restaurant to eat which recieved a grade of ""A""> Chefs got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and chased me out> Hopped on a cruise to Japan but it had to make a stop in what must have been middle or southern U.S. due to the type of people getting on> Tried to eat dinner at the cruise buffet but nobody would let me in> Was almost horrificly devoured by said Americans during their food orgies, otherwise known as ""Breakfast, Lunch and DInner""> Met the captain of the ship and hung out in her cabin who unfortunately fit the american stereotype of havingbeing narcissistic> Showed her what a beautiful woman she is in the mirror, then ate some Japanese food10/10, would not go to America again"
76561198084052316,Recommended,424840,34741747,Posted: 4 September,all,foodfighters,"Damn it, man. I love, love, LOVE, this game. Love it to bits. It's got everything there is to love: stunning visuals, creepy atmosphere, whimsical design and a compelling story - even WITHOUT any dialogue. I played it and I was mesmerized from the get-go. Time and time again this game surprised me, even shocked me, and even though it's not the horror/jump-scare type of game, it's scary. In a subtle, refined way, it's scary. There where times when I had to just stop playing because I were so disturbed. Add that on top of every other emotion: anger, frustration, sadness, fulfillness, accomplishment, hope, and the game is an emotional journey as much as it is a visual one. One word: AMAZING."
76561198044917795,Recommended,424840,34749000,Posted: 4 September,all,Pale Caesar,"Here's the thing: I like this game. It's creepy, disturbing, and at the same time enticing. Its clear the developers took their time with this game and had a real passion for what they were making. I want to see more games like this on Steam, and so I'm giving this a thumbs up.BUT - there is no way this game is worth $20. I've got 4 hours of gameplay put into this, and that includes playing through 3/4ths of the game a second time.Buy it when it's on sale."
76561197981426204,Recommended,424840,34752562,Posted: 5 September,all,Linkage,One of the best platformer games I've played with fun puzzles and game mechanics.Definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,424840,34753764,Posted: 5 September,all,MyNameIsNotSid,"Here is a Link to the Video Review in 4K, under the Link will be the Pros and Cons if your not interested in the video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgh0f8hkZvgPros:+Enjoyed the atmosphere+the Final SegmentCons:-if you played Limbo/inside then you played this game-too short at only 2 hours if you don't stop to look aroundwhile overall i did enjoy the game, 20$ is a bit much for a 2 hour game, if you're interested i would say wait for a price drop."
76561198033029976,Recommended,424840,34759231,Posted: 5 September,all,NakedJab,"I had an incredible time playing this game and I was hooked right away by its visuals and immersive sound and lighting. This is exactly my kind of games and I enjoyed every minute of it. Being a casual gamer who loves story-driven games, I loved the structure of the gameplay and the fact I could go back to it whenever I wanted and pick up where I had left off. The sense of story unveiled slowly and all the mysterious glyphs and writings and little hints really did it for me. Worth every dollar, in my opinion. I enjoy experiences that are on the short side, as long as the production value is there and this one was perfect. Looking forward to get the DLC."
,Recommended,424840,34760406,Posted: 5 September,all,Jonny,"Great art design and overall style. The ""story"" is kinda shallow but interesting nonetheless. It's a jump & run and pretty much exactly what you see in the videos. Took me 3 hours to complete including wandering around admiring the look & feel so I think it's kinda short, but still worth the price."
76561198072596382,Recommended,424840,35234147,Posted: 26 September,all,LoOpy,Delightfully eerie in both atmosphere and story.
76561198020366533,Recommended,424840,35235492,Posted: 26 September,all,escaped.light,This is a truly beautiful and poignant game that keeps you wanting more.Every aspect from gameplay to atmosphere and narrative are nearly without flaw.
76561198106963571,Recommended,424840,34738600,Posted: 4 September,all,bernardoconnell2000,"Brilliant animation with some simple, but very enjoyable gameplay."
76561198032777622,Recommended,424840,31733602,Posted: 13 May,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e6lWvk3GQI&t=14s
76561198317744810,Recommended,424840,33470953,Posted: 11 July,all,hitmanpro187,good game only so short :(
,Recommended,424840,34861461,Posted: 10 September,all,Iniquity,Woah..... uhhh Good game... do recommend
76561197985685858,Not Recommended,424840,35404644,Posted: 1 October,all,<untitled>,"It was an alright game. I feel like it wasn't worth 19.99. I feel if anything this game is a 15 dollar game when it first came out, but in reality it's only worth about 9.99. The reason I saw this is because even though the game is relativly fun it's short lived with very little replay capabilities. I don't see why it has DLC content when on it's own it's not really even a full game. It's maybe about three levels with no backstory. I was left with a lot more questions that were left unanswered and felt unsatisfied on how much content the game really gave me for the price. Although I encourage games like these I don't want developers to want to give less to a player just because they want to make some more cash. I only played about 7 hours worth of gameplay and at least 3 of those hours I had the game paused because I was doing yard work. In reality the game is about 5 hours long. Do you truly believe that's worth 19.99?"
,Not Recommended,424840,32598612,Posted: 20 June,all,[DF] Powerpoint,"I actually really liked this game. Well why are you giving it a negavite review then?To that I would answer there are just so many things wrong with it.Everything began when I first started the game. I started playing and saw I had a very high framerate. Thats when I tried downscaling from 4K, but now every time I now launched the game it crashed instantly. I did everything to get it back and running. I even reinstalled steam, wich in the end was the thing that worked. I had spent about 6 hours or so to get the game working. Then Istarted playing and I was through in about 3 hours. On all that the game wasn't even that good and the first boss always glitched through other objects. I bought the version for 30 dollars wich only included two hats for 10 dollars more.It wasn't worth it for it for me, if it will be for you I can't say, but I didn't have a good time."
,Not Recommended,424840,32798714,Posted: 25 June,all,mrgadgets08,"Would be great if I could play it. Buy it on console bad pc port. Looked up ways of extracting the files, its just not worth all the effort despite the steam sale."
76561198055651891,Not Recommended,424840,31517809,Posted: 2 May,all,slowly,Looks nice but can't recommend it yet as it crashes for me every time at the same spot about 10 mins in.
,Recommended,424840,31425085,Posted: 28 April,all,SuperToxicBeast,"Its awesome when you realise that six (the main protagonist) is the little nightmare.This game is short and sweet. Its too the point and will take 3 hours to beat.Its a fun and twisted tale that has you control Six through the Maw avoiding tall and morphed humanoid beings from another world.Although I was disappointed about the length of this game, BUT every second was fun and filled me with dread and loneliness.I would love to see DLC for this game that could include Six getting on a boat and making it to mainland though.But none the less, this game was a fun little nightmare."
76561198041193937,Not Recommended,424840,31427603,Posted: 28 April,all,WhereMyCamel,"I really wish I could say I recommend this game. I've waited a while for this game. Before I started playing I was under the impression the game would have a horror feel to it. I was mistaken. I expected an intesting story. It turns out the game is neither scary, nor does it have a very interesting story. Far too many questions are left unanswered, and the ending felt extremely rushed.A couple of things this game has going for it is the art style & level design. They are both fantastic. There is so much detail in every part of each level you'll want to stop and look around a lot. Each level feels different from each other and provides a sense of progression. Previous ""Monsters"" are rarely reused so each level provides something new. The soundtrack & sound effects are also very good, and make the experience even more immersive.This takes me to the part of why I can't recommend the game. The length of the game. You'd be lucky to get 3-4 hours out of it. If you're an achievement hunter, 5 hours I'd expect. That is just way too little to warrant the price tag of $25 CAD in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, I'm not usually one for comparing dollars per hour of gameplay, but I can't say it's worth it in this case after playing. If this game were $10 cheaper, sure, I'd have an easier time recommending it."
,Recommended,424840,31457157,Posted: 30 April,all,cheshire.panther,I came.
76561198074830074,Recommended,424840,31418371,Posted: 28 April,all,Orange,Get to play as a tiny person 10/10
,Not Recommended,424840,31428504,Posted: 28 April,all,HashCrane,"I have been waiting for this since last year. I want to like it so bad, but it crashes before I can even play it. I can't recommend it right now. And from what I hear, it is too short a game for the price they are asking."
76561198047521912,Not Recommended,424840,33756885,Posted: 23 July,all,EggManZ,I do not recommend this game until the devs make it work for PCs without SSE4.1.
,Not Recommended,424840,31450732,Posted: 29 April,all,≧ Shinigami ㋛,"I use w10 and when i click ""new game"", game crash all times . Maybe i can try cracked game ?"
76561198282833781,Not Recommended,424840,31550183,Posted: 4 May,all,melissalynnvinnedge,it keeps crashing after the opening scene.... ive tried uninstalling it and reinstalling...
76561198096408271,Recommended,424840,31962461,Posted: 25 May,all,☭McCLOWN☭,A beautiful/amazing game. But needs to be longer.
,Recommended,424840,31707457,Posted: 12 May,all,flammable_dragon,This is now my FAVORITE game!!! I love the progression and the actual artwork it's brilliant!!!
,Recommended,424840,31472203,Posted: 30 April,all,Kronberg,"Game Walkthrough:https://youtu.be/r_WMX_rNUoAReview:This is a very entertaining, beautiful and interesting game. It kind of reminds me of Playdead's INSIDE. The unique characters, the atmospheric world and the game mechanics are making this game one sweet slide on butter.You'll have to solve puzzles in order to find your way out of a huge dollhouse that you're trapped inside, on your way you'll meet lot of mysterious creatures/characters that either help you or will try to kill you, theres lot of secrets and some scary parts too.I will strongly recommend you to try out this game, specially if u enjoyed Playdead's INSIDE.Thanks for reading my review."
,Not Recommended,424840,32979182,Posted: 29 June,all,Peter,"game is missing vital files no matter how many times i reinstall it, rendering it unplayable. better to take your chances on ps4"
,Recommended,424840,34564651,Posted: 28 August,all,MooseTDC,AHHH!!!!!! SO GOOD BUT SCARY AS HELL!!! AHHH!!!!
76561198170990802,Not Recommended,424840,31898772,Posted: 22 May,all,j.grunsbergs,"Great story, but way too short for that money. + No replay value, not even little."
,Recommended,424840,31467279,Posted: 30 April,all,PuFFie,Finished the game so sad it's too shortExcept from the control that made me get mad in some point. the rest are really awesome. I've been waiting for game like this long after Limbo and InsideThough the game doesn't feel so deep like both Limbo and Inside it still a great gameAlso there are sooo many questions that need to be answer about this game.The size of Six..Why she's here..Why did she not eat the sausages and instead the gnome <-- is that because those sausages are made from other kids?And if all those kids were captured in the Maw then who is the first kid who gave Six a food? is that another kids who got trapped in the Maw before become a sausage?Who is the lady and why she had all those powers?What exactly is the Maw?What happened after Six escaped from the Maw and heard an incoming ship?etc etc etc.... oh wait.. Is there gonna be a Little Nightmares 2 or expansion pack?Because 3 hours of story is kinda TOOOOOOOOOO Short!And yes! I never want this nightmares to be end....The Final is.. I think I love this game and I love Six!!
76561198074586498,Recommended,424840,31412282,Posted: 28 April,all,DrunkenDwarf9,Just beat the game. Great eating sim. 10/10
76561198078315594,Recommended,424840,31589634,Posted: 6 May,all,samsa,It is great. But just too short. And i mean much too short. You just begin to like it and then it just ends... stupid.
,Not Recommended,424840,33408342,Posted: 9 July,all,🎃NACHO_👻,"Little Nighmares : Review + First ThoughtsWhat an amazing game, I had a super fun time and I had blast playing it for the short time I did. This game has a unique art style that is very dark and spooky, and it really made the game.On the other hand I beat this game under 2 and a half hours and for the $15 - $20 price tag depending if you get it on sale, is not worth the small amout of playtime you get with it, plus it doesn't have much replay value. I was really hoping for this game to last a bit longer.My personal rating for this gameArt Design 4.5 / 5Gameplay 4.5 / 5Playtime 1 / 5Story 1 / 5"
,Not Recommended,424840,31428382,Posted: 28 April,all,Kells Bells,"A ridiculous gaming bug first thing, I cannot even play it. I have no doubt the game is worth it, but I cannot recommend this until this stupid situation is patched."
,Recommended,424840,34379272,Posted: 20 August,all,DOJO_DRAGON131,I DONT KNOW WHY BUT MY GAME KEEPS CRASHING EVERY TIME I START. IF THE CREATORS COULD FIX THAT. I WOULD BE SO HAPPY. IT KEEPS SAYING THERE IS A PROBLEM  THAT IS MESSING WITH THE GAME AND IM REALLY UPSET ABOUT THAT. SO PLEASE FIX THAT. THANK YOU.
76561198164032268,Recommended,424840,32795310,Posted: 25 June,all,Hmochi,♥♥♥♥ 11/10
76561198354673932,Recommended,424840,34110680,Posted: 8 August,all,nirdle,uhm yea
,Not Recommended,424840,31617455,Posted: 7 May,all,melonsauce,"Everytime I click the empty save file, it has the loading symbol in the corner and then a window pops up saying ""The UE4-Atlas Game has crashed and will close"".  I don't know if I need to get better stuff for my computer or if this is a bug, but I saw a few other reviews that had this happen to too.  It's a real shame too.  I really wanted to play this game.  If the devs see this review or any review complaing about the same thing, please look into this."
,Not Recommended,424840,31439579,Posted: 29 April,all,TasThief,"Cool game but too short, its not worth 25cad"
76561198060014406,Recommended,424840,34679547,Posted: 2 September,all,Jovahkiim,One of the best game out there!
,Recommended,424840,31541710,Posted: 4 May,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions reviewLittle Nightmares is a game developed by Tarsier Studios and published by Bandai Namco EntertainmentLittle Nightmares is a captivating and creepy, with a unique atmosphere and art style that really makes the world you are playing through all the more intriguing and yet frightening. It's takes on inspiration from Playdead's LIMBO and Inside which were both fantastic gamesA vague story that provides more questions than answers, and leaves you wanting to know more about this world you're in. Here's hoping we seem some additional lore from the developersThe length is a bit short, and for some that is just unforgivable, but I tend to view games by how much fun I had to play them, and how well made it isLittle Nightmares has a wonderful atmosphere and great level design with some really super creepy characters. The game offers genuine tense moments as you flee for your life or cower helplessly under somethingThe music is well done and fits to the theme with a story and world that leaves you craving more information and answersThe only cons are that the length of the game is a bit short and also I wouldn't mind a few more answers about the world itself but overall, Little Nightmares is a nice contender to Playdead's LIMBO and InsideRECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198359586215,Recommended,424840,34744096,Posted: 4 September,all,kesia,BEST GAME EVERRRRRR
,Recommended,424840,31405434,Posted: 27 April,all,Kosuccu Kawajiri,"Does not run well on a Craptop, even at the lowest provided resolution.Looks like a fun game."
,Not Recommended,424840,35135591,Posted: 22 September,all,Rasmus,Controls are too clunky for my taste. Felt it was too slow paced. I'm just not entertained with often spending 10 seconds holding down a grab and move button to drag something somewhere or waiting for the character to climb.
,Recommended,424840,34513362,Posted: 26 August,all,heckin big ding dong,spoopy
76561198268808227,Recommended,424840,31415537,Posted: 28 April,all,Ditchii,"Holy hellballs on a stick!! This game... Is already so intense and I haven't even encountered any enemies besides the leeches yet! There's so much anticipation there already that I could hardly sit still for a short time I played. (I have work in an hour so I gotta wait until I get home).Honestly, if you love suspense, and atmosphere with fun puzzles to figure out while escaping grueling enemies, then this game's for you!"
76561198062390748,Not Recommended,424840,35054271,Posted: 18 September,all,Rift Brain,"Uncomfertable controls, and enemys would go through walls, and other glitches"
,Not Recommended,424840,32158985,Posted: 3 June,all,eliboy,"They should have called it ""Short Nightmares"" instead of ""Little Nightmares"".This game is ridiculously short for how well made and immersive it is.It just cuts off your enthusiasm when you finish the game just like that, with 3-4 hours of gameplay only.If it was just a random game made by some indie company guys with all the difficulties that come along, I wouldn't be happy but I could understand better and be more indulgent. But Tarsier Studios is a company published by Sony Entertainment, Microsoft and Bandai Namco.You guys could have worked more on longevity, or perhaps add an interesting multiplayer mode to the game?"
76561198130790392,Not Recommended,424840,32733786,Posted: 24 June,all,steve.jump,Can't tell you how this game is because it doesn't RUN on my windows 10 machine!
76561198089395046,Not Recommended,424840,32706690,Posted: 23 June,all,katiemoar,"Wouldn't actually know if the game is good or not. Had to refund it due to the fatal error. I have all the requirements, just will not work. Sad. Looked like a fun game."
,Not Recommended,424840,34924955,Posted: 13 September,all,Moviuro,"Broken game. Won't launch, with stupidly unhelpful error message. Looks like a common bug if you search the Interwebz, but still not fixed although DLCs are being produced: so guess what? Nope, I'm not buying from you and I won't give you a thumb up."
76561198167623349,Not Recommended,424840,31550815,Posted: 4 May,all,gabidoff.1,Games doesn't work for AMD users & game developers do not respond or provide an answer when the fix is available or if they are planning to fix it. They could've at least made a short statement that there is a problem.
76561197969574475,Not Recommended,424840,32984102,Posted: 29 June,all,Citizen10Bears,"I don't like this game.1) It's very dark and dreary, and not in a good way.2) By default, the action button is a mouse click, but the  mouse it not used in any other way, not even to look around. If you want to use a button, use the keyboard, that's what it's there for.3) Jumping to catch a ledge is frustrating. You have to jump, press across, and then grab, all kind of at the same time. I ended up just mashing the buttons in a vague hope that it would work.4) In at least one of the early levels the screen slowly rocks, which made me feel ill.5) There are no visual hints or clues as what to do or where to go.6) The ability to go 'into' the screen slightly (and not just left and right) seems to add an unnecessary annoyance rather than a nice new feature.Refund requested."
,Recommended,424840,33475084,Posted: 12 July,all,Rens Agatha,"Best 2017 Indie game,Best Art,Best Gameplay..... But not for the playtime the game its too short so if you wanna buy the game... wait until discount..AboutRateArt/graphicPretty coolGameplayreally FunMusicso damm goodPlaytimereally short (little dissapoint when you finish the game)Storyyou will never boringRecommended?Yes,but wait for salecan Low Spec User play this game?NoHow many Game BugI got 1 bug this far (dont do much thing when the ""door"" openDLC worth?I never buy it cuz too expensive for 1 new chapther so buy the expansion passReview Version 1.0"
,Recommended,424840,31447842,Posted: 29 April,all,Biskits,"Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the landThat you understand"
,Recommended,424840,31425962,Posted: 28 April,all,Crawling in my Crawl,Just like the simulati... WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT THING
76561198064005194,Recommended,424840,31647309,Posted: 9 May,all,dometrious,"I PLAYED ALL THE WAY THROUGH AND THIS GAME WAS F*CKIN AMAZING. IV BEEN OUT OF GAMEING FOR YEARS AND WHEN I GOT BACK INTO IT 90% OF GAMES ARE JUST COPY AND PASTE OF THE SAME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. THIS GAME IS AMAZING, ANY NEGATIVE REVIEWS ON HERE IS COMPLETE B* LLSHIThttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKK9hF1riZsNBjYBE9h3Ha5ooJ7zpxoOXTHERES MY GAMEPLAY ON MY CHANNEL IF YOU WANT TO WATCH. TWO THUMBS UP"
76561198085438112,Not Recommended,424840,35034779,Posted: 17 September,all,Salms,parkour is hard
76561198002567184,Recommended,424840,35020263,Posted: 17 September,all,Björn Thünderfist,Bought this for my girlfriend after watching PewDiePie play it. She's had lots of fun playing it. 10/10.
76561198288023103,Not Recommended,424840,31471870,Posted: 30 April,all,zomboss 3000,the game is ends up crashing  every time the first cutscene is over i do not recommend this game until its fix
,Not Recommended,424840,35097808,Posted: 20 September,all,mrbunny,"Its one big, frustrating, barely get away annoyance.Uninstalled.F you"
76561198052848452,Not Recommended,424840,31778627,Posted: 15 May,all,BotR,"Waste of 20 dollars.3 hours of ""gameplay"" aka holding right and about 5 or so ""puzzles"" that can equate to: Turn on thing. Go to thing.People saying this game is scary are scared to death from Halloween trick or treaters.It's barely even cute as your main character is just OG Noodle from Gorrillas in a rain poncho.There is no mystery. Shock shock you are on a boat.Character development just stems from: guess what you're the little nightmare. Who didn't see that coming?!?!Guess what, shocker, you equate to a gremlin.There are litterally only 4 enemies in the game. A guy with long arms you can see in the trailer, the Star Wars creature in the trash compactor, a chef that looks like Mayor McCheese, and the black slug from the true ending of Bloodborne.There is no story.The ending has zero rhyme or reason."
76561198000304153,Not Recommended,424840,31593365,Posted: 6 May,all,Fr0sTy,"Yaaa! nice game..... Black screen!! Fatal error!!great work rolling out a game that DOESN T work...check discussion for all the people who can t play!looks like: No mans skyNOTHING WORKS!!big promises, nice grafics, but on release day?? ERRORAnd no response from dev over 2 weeks nowits not my pc that has the problem for sureSo for this game, a No go!"
76561197960709662,Not Recommended,424840,31545593,Posted: 4 May,all,oneofm4ny,"The game is currently broken on older CPUs that don't support sse 4.1.Game crashed outright or boots to main menu and crashs on new game with a fatal error.Avoid if you have a AMD phenom or older intel i5. See forum threads.I will change this review, if they get it fixed."
76561198013077980,Not Recommended,424840,31426555,Posted: 28 April,all,sinbaddusnavy,"Emo Mario but a girl wearing a rain slicker jumps all over runs a little, jumps a little falls a lot.  Graphics and the art is good.  Jumping from one place to another over and over again is not revolutionary we had those when gaming first came out.  At least no exploding barrels in this one.  Rule number one in game world.....get a set of wings.  Never stand next to a red barrel.It is an artsy platformer nothing really new here.  Hell unravel did this and it was even better and had a better story too."
76561198008853942,Not Recommended,424840,32276514,Posted: 8 June,all,kronos,"Beautiful, stylish, and atmospheric as it is, it's probably one of the most frustrating games I played in a while. The movement and the controls feel incredibly sluggish, unresponsive, and imprecise. The puzzles are not hard and not particularly imaginative conceptually, but rely more and more on execution towards the end, so fighting with the controls becomes a real chore (which is aggravated by the combination of 3d movement and fixed camera, as opposed to Limbo's and Inside's crisp 2d, and often not generous enough checkpoints). I played it with KB&M; apparently it plays better with a controller, but if you don't have one you should brace yourself for a fair amount of frustrution if you still decide to play it."
76561198330636368,Not Recommended,424840,34032125,Posted: 5 August,all,Sprinklejinx,"This game was a bit of a disappointment to me. I really wanted to like this game, but it was way too boring and tedious to be  enjoyable. After watching the trailer, I was hoping for a suspenseful game about being chased by monsters.Instead I spent most of the time wandering around in the dark trying to solve puzzles that give you little to no direction of what you're supposed to be looking for. The game moves very slowly on my laptop and sometimes the character has trouble jumping or grabbing things(I use a keyboard, so it may be different for people who use controllers) . The game could use some more save points as well.The graphics looked really good and I liked the gritty atmosphere, but Little Nightmares is not worth 20 dollars. This is the first game I actually gave up on and tried to refund. I couldn't get my money back because I played it for over two hours hoping the game would get more interesting as I progressed further into the game."
76561198031542063,Recommended,424840,34585584,Posted: 29 August,all,Gatenix,The game is really good I recommend 10/10Really really good
76561198025791107,Not Recommended,424840,35004700,Posted: 16 September,all,Heimlich Pimmler,The game crashes with a Fatal Error. Apparently that's a known issue with many AMD CPUs and the devs don't want to fix this. Great!
76561198236502738,Not Recommended,424840,33540755,Posted: 14 July,all,digger,i can get in but fatal error happens
76561198170001477,Not Recommended,424840,31903844,Posted: 22 May,all,Darkmanplays 101,im on windows 7 installed the game and it did not work pls fix dat bug >:(
,Not Recommended,424840,31649457,Posted: 9 May,all,Racist Badger,"This game is very good. As a game, as a playable thing, it is enjoyable, has a great OST, atmosphere, graphics, idea, design and I like the whole 'story' and lore to it.The monsters are an awesome concept and are some of the creepiest things I've seen in games, and it has lots of nice autosave points/checkpoints.That being said, there are a few things to moan about - first being that there are crashes for a lot of people, which we have no news on fixes for, despite some of these crashes being known about for a while as a quick google and forum search can show you.This means that most of us, me included, cant even complete the game. So, yeah, lucky dip for whoever can actually finish it.Also, the actual story itself is really short. If it wasn't for my crashes and me sitting in the menu trying to find solutions, I would have completed it in this amount of playtime (3.3 hrs). Other reviews will tell you the same.Thirdly, the AI kind of loses it's scare once you learn how they work and how easily you can get away.I'm requesting a refund simply because I can't actually play the game, and I will probably repurchase in a sale to complete it, if I am refunded.If it were free from crashes and there was news of the issues anywhere, I'd recommend this game, but there aren't, so I won't.Overall a good game, worth spending ~£15, but it feels very iffy and isn't in a good state, really sours the whole thing especially as its short, I should at least be able to finish it, or have some kind of acknowledgement from the devs that there are fixes/fixes in progress (if there are and I've missed them, that's my bad and I take that bit back)."
,Not Recommended,424840,33442754,Posted: 10 July,all,TrickyVein,"Not even 5 hours of content. Literally no dialog, in-game text, or anything else to read except from within the pause/main menu. Is it eerie and atmospheric? Yes, and it looks great. But that's all this game offers, is visuals. Once you've seen everything, there's no reason to play it again."
76561198277778833,Recommended,424840,34586563,Posted: 29 August,all,RatLad,Raviolli ravioli toaster in the bathioli
76561198307189810,Not Recommended,424840,31632740,Posted: 8 May,all,locksarr,"can someone help please, the game is really laggy, is it just me or?"
76561198116502578,Not Recommended,424840,31466328,Posted: 30 April,all,moenad,"I like the game but IMO it's expensive for what you get. The puzzles are very easy also, unlike Limbo or Inside.I don't recommend it at that price. Wait till it's around the $5 mark."
,Not Recommended,424840,31700323,Posted: 12 May,all,Falstad,"Little Nightmares is a strange and dour little romp through the bowls of a derelict ship, but a bland and uninspired story which lasts for less than three hours does not make it worth the $20 price tag.If games like Inside are your cup of tea then it's worth getting on sale."
76561198132670253,Not Recommended,424840,31428205,Posted: 28 April,all,EoniAno,"Con-Gameplay too short for the price, chapter 4&5 are half long as previous chapters.-No challenge.-Terrible in-game camera, frequently blocked perspective with an additional y-axis in side-scrolling game(e.g. Trine 3) meh.-Laggy control response. And one may easily fall off an edge because of the reason above.-Almost no BGM at all.Pro-Top notch graphic-Detailed scene and objects that can be interacted with.-A bad♥♥♥♥♥ending辣鸡视角。辣鸡2.5D，Angry."
,Not Recommended,424840,31753958,Posted: 14 May,all,Zarim,I've done the same ♥♥♥♥ing grabby hand sequence like 30 times.
76561198205364120,Not Recommended,424840,31613379,Posted: 7 May,all,cluuby3554,Ive seen the game in the trailer and i thought it is a really good game because i like horror and puzzles. What i also like about it is that it has good graphics in the video to. But the problem is that it doesn't work for my PC. It keeps crashing and lagging. Can you please fix that so i can play the game.
76561198278284166,Recommended,424840,31418604,Posted: 28 April,all,GRIteX,"Not bad!Ok,it`s joke))THIS GAME AWESOME!!!!I`M LOVE THAT GAME!Very creepy,realy!"
76561198025788240,Not Recommended,424840,35401679,Posted: 1 October,all,maxumpapy,"I got an error that prevented me from playing this game, I hope I can get a refund for this broken pile of crap."
,Not Recommended,424840,31873422,Posted: 20 May,all,Final Contra,"The visuals and sounds are great but the rest of the game is trash. It's a short game that has no story, a bad stealth system, clunky platforming and boring puzzles. If your playthrough is anything like mine, the abundant frustrating deaths will kill any immersion you have in the game's great atmosphere."
76561198056984809,Not Recommended,424840,34594209,Posted: 29 August,all,fdevaz,"where's the challange????!! not once through out the whole experience did i actually feel threatened by the enemies. i will call it an experience because it looks like the only thing they cared about was the atmosphere. My only deaths were from falling. pushing chairs around and climbing bookcases are not puzzles. would not recommend buying at full prize, just wait for a discount buy it cheap and run through the eerie environment with no challanges if thats your cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,424840,31928183,Posted: 23 May,all,HappyQat,"Do you like doing the same thing over and over just because you made a mistake? Then this game is for you!Honestly, I think this is a terrible game. It's got interesting graphics and mood, but absolutely terrible game play and controls. And save points don't actually function as save points, so you will have to keep running the same stupid actions over and over.Puzzles are not really puzzles. They are just irritating obstacles that get in the way of the walkthrough eye candy, which gets dull quick. I gave up on the game because the amount of work for the payoff is just not worth it."
76561198043565068,Not Recommended,424840,31417467,Posted: 28 April,all,ZEBRA,"You need a good CPU, the minimum requirements of a i3 is BS. You need sse 4.1 compatible cpu."
,Not Recommended,424840,31409090,Posted: 27 April,all,hyunwoo041192,"PROS:-The design is good and atmospheric-cute and scary at the same time-etcCONS:- game is too short (only took me 2 hours)- The story behind this is too vague- checkpoint mech sucksoverall, i recommend you guys to not get this for $20. This game is worth 10 bucks max"
76561198033654741,Not Recommended,424840,32701556,Posted: 23 June,all,pascal,"GUYS, you need to WRITE IN CAPITAL LETTERS that you cannot play DLC NOW. WHY IT'S NOT highlighted?????"
76561198011471922,Not Recommended,424840,33005125,Posted: 29 June,all,BIGBen,"Pros:- Visuals- Runs smooth through the entirety of the gameCons:- Incredibly short (2.5 hours)- Annoying controls (analog directly left doesnt always translate to moving exactly left so you can fall off objects parallell to screen for whatever reason)- Confusing camera angles lead to accidental deaths- Frustrating checkpoints- Shallow puzzles- No story- Too pricy (Content has been cut and is sold as DLC as it seems)- No replay valueThis game has bad controls. It's not really creepy in most parts - at least for me. It has some frustrating jumping passages with no shadows or other indicators for the point of landing. There are a lot frustrating checkpoints and long, annoying animations every time you respawn. For a game like this - which is heavily trial and error based for some part  (like Limbo and Inside) - this is very annoying and combined with the bad respawn points this is just bad game design. The camera angle is sometimes very unfortunate. It's an angle like in Limbo or Inside but the controls still are 3D. So, sometimes you have to walk on a very thin path and try not to fall down with a ""2D""-camera angle from the side.There is virtually no story at all. This is not really something that bothers me because I like playing games for their atmosphere but it surely will bother some people.I really liked the look and trailers and was quite disappointed by the gameplay-experience.Buy Limbo or Inside if you want GOOD gameplay with this kind of atmosphere. This cleary is a rip-off of this kind of game by a big company (Bandai-Namco). And it's by far not as good. This had far less love for detail in comparison. It just feels like it has no soul and was kind of rushed.Oh, and it's ♥♥♥♥ING short. It's over before you can say ""This was expensive as ♥♥♥♥"".Be warned."
76561198052979527,Not Recommended,424840,35005929,Posted: 16 September,all,classicgamelover85,"This game is a rip-off... why? It does not work... always crashes to desktop just after the title screen! Be careful if you buy, be sure to return this game and get your money back if you experience the same issue on PC....................."
,Not Recommended,424840,31405356,Posted: 27 April,all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,"Got very stale after a while. The puzzles are great, but that's about it. Don't get me wrong, everything else is great, but the gameplay just gets stale.EDIT: I thought I was gonna give this game a good review after completing it, turns out I won't. Ending was a 5 minute boss fight with guess who, the after the credits was 30 seconds of her sitting on the small rock supporting a light house and the game is 4 hours long. Yippity ♥♥♥♥ing doo dah. Blow me."
76561198249464304,Not Recommended,424840,31515377,Posted: 2 May,all,Krampus,"Most boring and short game ever played! Huge disapointement!This is supposed to be an horror... Nothing near it. There should be a ""WTF"" genre tag for that kind of game.I preordered this game and was hoping for... well lets just say i was hoping for more.I finished this game in barely 3 hours and while taking the time to explore every corner to get all the collectibles so it could be finish in even less time.This game offer no emotion or challenge just a very linear gameplay with no backstory or plot. You start up the game with no ideas of what the hell is going on and you finish the game with still no idea what the hell this was about.I also never saw so much credits accorded to sales management and promotion which is about a 1/3 of all credits...The game itself felt enjoyable since its mostly an atmospheric game with very easy to use controls and enjoyable graphics and artwork. Overall the producers havent put enough time and effort in the story and overall gameplay since this game had gereat potential.If you honestly wanna try it, for until its like 75% off because this game is worth 5$ and no more."
,Not Recommended,424840,31406978,Posted: 27 April,all,Ol Roody,"I AM ONLY RECOMMENDING THIS GAME UNLESS ITS PRICED AT 10 DOLLARS OR LESS.YOU WILL BEAT THIS GAME IN 3 HOURS OR LESS.At the time of this review, I have played 3 hours, and I have completed the game. Unfortunately, I regret my purchase. This game is FAR too overpriced for what it is, and I think that it should be priced at 10 Dollars, nothing more.It is NOT worth a buy, but at 10 dollars it will be.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR MORE THAN 10 DOLLARS, you will be able to experience it just the same on youtube- for FREE.With all that being said lets get into the pros and cons.Pros:+Absolutely amazing art direction. The characters, and scenes look absolutely gorgeous and feel like a real place lives and breathes around you.+Seriously, the art in this game is amazing. I loved the second and third act (Oh god, the Third act really is awesome.)+Soundtrack - This SOUNDTRACK is great.+Cuteness - Really this game is ""Cute"" and I thoroughly enjoyed it, while it lasted....+Reminds of EXCELLENT FILMS that I personally enjoy. (This gives off MAJOR spirited away vibes and a touch of coraline. Both films are incredible and I thoroughly enjoyed that about this game. Note: It mostly feels like the first act of ""Spirited Away (Through working with the boiler man) and I really believe that this game was inspired greatly by such films.Cons:-MUCH TOO SHORT. For 19.99, you should offer AT LEAST 5 hours of content. I mean... Come on, I died plenty of times and thoroughly explored the scenes and I STILL completed the game in 3 hours. I'm dissapointed with its length.-Wonky controls at times. (For example youll be facing a ledge and trying to jump and grab it for awhile, and it just wont register well.) NOTE: I use M+K and not a controller, but this is obviously a game meant for controller users.-LENGTH (Seriously, biggest dissapointment yet.)-Complexity of the puzzles. I mean.. I think this is more of an ""Experience"". Id say the puzzles are difficult enough to qualify this game as a ""Puzzle"" game but they are extremely easy anyways. Its mostly timing things. This game, otherwise, would be just a walking simulator.-Overall replayability = None. Its going to be the same puzzles each time in the same scenes with the same objective... Lets be honest here.-Content: This *Could* fall into ""length"" but I'm going to say this is just the content of the game. Theres nothing really to go back for except ""Concept art"" and I dont think its really worth it, or I would want to play it over.TL;DR: This game is TOO short for 19.99. Get it in a sale. Spirited Away Simulator/10. No replayability. Less than 3 hours of game. Good soundtrack. IMO just watch gameplay on youtube.Cheers."
76561198387052221,Not Recommended,424840,31521342,Posted: 3 May,all,Hey you.,This is ridiculous I buy the game I download try to play it but the game wont start i try to launch it from my computer but it says something about a missing a .dll file.  I have been trying to fix this stupid problem for 3 days now and im honestly very angry with this outcome can the developers fix the problem so that other people dont get themselves stuck in this mess and find out that they have wasted their money!
,Not Recommended,424840,32322074,Posted: 10 June,all,snowsnorry,I cannot start the game.
,Not Recommended,424840,31465600,Posted: 30 April,all,"color lerp(a,b,k)","this game is awesome but just too expensive,maybe $10 is compatible,you can`t be more expensive that INSIDE because you are not good than that!I won`t accept it!"
76561198206214457,Not Recommended,424840,33526202,Posted: 13 July,all,Rosi,♥♥♥♥ing dlc
,Not Recommended,424840,34320502,Posted: 17 August,all,ꟻoẋⱻȵ,"INCREDIBLY BORING.i had heard this game was fantastic and made to make you feel uncomfortable, all i got was clunky controls with irritating jumpng puzzles. how do people enjoy this garbage?"
76561198397085958,Not Recommended,424840,34467506,Posted: 24 August,all,Acewiddlewade,game is  the worst and yes i didnt play it yet i bought it but itr crashes ive had it for 3 months tryed everything i  just want my money
76561198000513881,Not Recommended,424840,31589219,Posted: 6 May,all,Swordfish,"This game is definitely overpriced. It would be OK, but it is too short and you can find tones of annoying things in it. The most annoying thing is the 2,5 d. I died a lot of times, because I jumped next to the target instead of jumping on them. The ""puzzles"" are ok, but the game gives you zero help if you are ""stucked"". Therefore you have to figure out, what the game wants you to do. For 10 € it yould be a good buy but for 20 € I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198384111947,Not Recommended,424840,31545896,Posted: 4 May,all,jakpot21,"I think i expected something different considering the first trailer and the first title of the game 'hunger'. It could fit so much better the game if the story was more consistent.I'm absolutely in love with the atmosphere and the creepiness of this game but that's where the positives stops.My main problem with this game is the Story. It had so much potential and the ending is so lazy it literally says 'Spirited away'.There is no answer to anything we see in the game, there is nothing added to what we see in the trailer except for the final villain which seemed so pathetic and not connected in any way to the style of the game overall.I cant comprehend how creepy atmospheric games like 'inside' and 'little nightmares' are so bad at telling a story..it's nothing but visuals.so disappointing..."
76561197991496065,Not Recommended,424840,31409190,Posted: 27 April,all,stiglitz,"Game immediately exits with ""Fatal error"" on my Windows 8.1 system with GeForce GTX 675MX with latest driver. Very sad; this game looks cray-z."
76561198316017967,Not Recommended,424840,33620279,Posted: 17 July,all,dvhytred,this game doesn't even run good and siezes up my computer. I get blue screened every time.
76561198301217743,Not Recommended,424840,35308891,Posted: 29 September,all,Number One,beat all game and dlc in 8 hours dont buy
76561198026237160,Not Recommended,424840,33040843,Posted: 30 June,all,Clark,Boring AF
76561198354244827,Not Recommended,424840,31567831,Posted: 5 May,all,tyrambroise,it wont load
76561198024329605,Not Recommended,424840,31466429,Posted: 30 April,all,TUmaDO,"I saw the trailer where the game was runing on ultrawide,but for my surprise the final game does not suport it...more confusing is the main menu dispplays in 21:9 but the game displays on 16:9 W.T.F?????im don´t suport this kinfd of lazy work so ,till wedenesday if there is no fix for it,i have nothing more to do then refund.i should start to do the same ,forget screws,batteries,screens,sound and sell something at the same price!confusing right?"
,Not Recommended,424840,31473806,Posted: 30 April,all,LaughCryDie,"The minimum requirements for this are slightly off, it says 4 GB or RAM to run however it will not run with anyting less than 6 GB. Can't write a game review if ya can't play it."
,Not Recommended,424840,31403955,Posted: 27 April,all,NotGaben,"I want to love this game. I've been looking forward to it ever since I first saw it a few months ago. I love games like Limbo and Inside, and this game looks gorgeous.First, the pros:GORGEOUS! This game has some of the best graphics I've seen. The lighting is terrific, and at a few points was I legitemately terrifiedThe sound design is stunning. Very little music is used in this game, and that's actually a good thing. The game uses music only when most appropriate.The gameplay itself is pretty fun and entertaining.Now, the minor con:Controls are sometimes difficult, especially with a controler, since it plays like a platformer. You might think your jumping for a ledge, but instead you miss entirely and fall off and have to restart from the last checkpointNow, the major con, and yes, it's enough to warrant a ""do not recommend"" for this game:Lack of checkpointsSave points in this game are made by checkpoints. What makes games like Limbo and Inside work is that their checkpoints are essentially after every little puzzle and jump. Accidentally jump off a cliff, and the game brings you back to essentially a few moments before. Unfortuantely, Little Nightmares only has checkpoints at the beginning of each level. Accidentally jump off a cliff or mistime a button click? You might be sent 5 minutes prior and have to redo everything up to that point, which happens a lot, considering my previous point of difficult controls. It gets to the point where you're starting a level over for the 5th time because of some minor misclick you made, and is just flat out frustrating. I really hope the developers update this game to either allow manual save points or add more checkpoints.Tldr: Gorgeous game, but difficult controls and sparse checkpoints make the game frustrating more than fun"
76561198150793506,Not Recommended,424840,35185305,Posted: 24 September,all,Tom Clancy,worst boring time wasting piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever played. they tried to copy inside and added boredness and stiff controls to it. don't waste your money
76561198036630372,Not Recommended,424840,31658457,Posted: 9 May,all,MisterTurkes,Spent 2 hours playing the game 1 hour wrestling with terrible controls and terrible checkpoints. I beat the game.
76561198202252064,Not Recommended,424840,31405168,Posted: 27 April,all,Mue {Ass Is Up For Grabs},"I saw this game moths ago and wanted it from the start. I pre orderd it I was so hyped, i started it up! AAAANNNNDDDD ""The UE4-Atlas Game has crashed and will close Fatal Error!"" i have redowloaded it i have restarted my computer i logged out of steam i shut down steam and nothing has worked! I wont return it yet, so if you have any way of helping me fix this it would fantastic. Please help me!!"
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,424840,31532982,Posted: 3 May,all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"Little Refunds - A game that after 2 hours of playtime has failed to tell me:- Who I am- What my overall goal is in the game- Where I am- Why I'm doing what I'm doing.People love the game, for it's atmosphere. But really, I had the SAME enemy for 1,5 hours, a mad-hater type of a guy. Yes. the SAME emeny over and over.Now, I'm in the kitchen section, where it switches. Now we get the cook (we all know from the trailers) again and again.It's a tedious platformer, really. Nothing new or innovative, besides it's atmosphere.Oh and it has recycled rooms. You know, do something in a room - oh there's a lock - pointless sidequest to get the key,  then do the whole section you did before ALL OVER again to get to that lock and unlokc it.This is how games were made in the 80's, recycling whole SECTIONS to stretch playtime.And that in a title I heard takes little over 3 hours.I refunded.Lotta people love the game, if you do, more power to you. For me, it's another overhyped indie-sausage, unfortunately."
76561197970527726,Not Recommended,424840,31433139,Posted: 28 April,all,Hamburgerhelper,"Refund requested - an opening shouldn't be a lame, irritating puzzle, but immerse you in the world you will be playing in.  No patience for this."
,Not Recommended,424840,31436547,Posted: 29 April,all,Febfourteen,too scary
,Not Recommended,424840,31600612,Posted: 7 May,all,Muchachy,"The worst game i have ever played. You HAVE to die and go back quite far multiple times to know what to do or where to go, it is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke! Absolute piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Recommended,424840,31964160,Posted: 25 May,all,Cliff,"What an amazing journey. Such a well executed platformer. Tight controls, amazing graphics.  The creepy vibe it has is PERFECT, never too scary but always keeps you on your toes. Character design is all top notch and unsettling. Literally the only complaint I have is the game is too ""short"", but it's about 4 hours long without any fluff so take that with a grain of salt."
,Recommended,424840,32016845,Posted: 28 May,all,G̷O͘T͏T̴A G̛O F̨AST͡,"This game is absolutely amazing. it has a great atmosphere, and is creepy without using cliched methods.10/10 would be spooked again"
76561198065807260,Recommended,424840,32027739,Posted: 28 May,all,AliMa,"Very nice game with an intruiging story. It has a wonderful, dark and surrealistic atmosphere that skillfully plays with the fear of the dark and the fear of being tiny in a huge and threatening world. I've found it a great alternative to commonly encountered horror games (which I mostly can't play because I am too much of a scary pants :P ) and I've enjoyed every second of it."
76561198354033585,Recommended,424840,32010195,Posted: 27 May,all,gaming,goodgame
76561198298179666,Recommended,424840,32002763,Posted: 27 May,all,TRYNEX,games was soo nice would be nice if u guys realeas more stuff for this game like dlc soo pls.
,Recommended,424840,31754961,Posted: 14 May,all,TheObscure,"I like this game but very short, i wish they more game like this."
,Recommended,424840,32002687,Posted: 27 May,all,HaiZhung,"It's a well-crafted experience with flaws. The visuals are beautiful and appealing - if judging from the Screenshots you like the art direction, I definitely recommend the game. Tags say it's horror - It's a bit dark, but I'd say it's very mild horror compared to games like Amnesia or Resident Evil. It's more atmospheric than horror.The game is also pretty short (approx. 5 hrs), so it doesn't take too much of your time. Which is a good thing, in my opinion: I'd rather play 5 hrs of well-crafted gameplay instead of mindlessly grinding for hours with no end.However, I must say, there were some flaws that the developers might want to improve in subsequent games:Controls were a bit imprecise from time to time. Sometimes, I had to repeat a section several times just because the jump at the end didn't work out as it should have.The ""story"" is a tiny bit too vague. I get that they were trying to create this mysterious experience with many open questions, but in my opinion this is a bit of a cop out. There were things & actions in the game that could have been explored just a bit further.This game is more of a stealth game than a puzzler. This is not negative by itself, but watch out if you're coming from Inside/Limbo and expect a similar game.There are apparently secrets to be found (indicated by clear sound cues), but there is no indication or anything what this actually accomplishes apart from the act of finding those secrets by itself. It's also unclear whether you found all or not.Despite that, I think this is a game that is well worth your time."
76561198039678115,Recommended,424840,32001109,Posted: 27 May,all,Malsheen,"Little Nighmares is a very nice game. The graphics and especially the animations are smooth.The story is creepy and keeps you adrenaline high without resorting to jump scare tactics.It's a must have little gem.Unfortunately the game is very very very short. It took 3 hours to complete with me being generous on my estimation. Thus I would advise to get this game during a sale, but do get it."
76561197978226833,Recommended,424840,32023093,Posted: 28 May,all,Tamahagane,Such a great experience.
,Recommended,424840,32021920,Posted: 28 May,all,Khur,"Little nightmares is one of the most creepiest game I've ever played, the mysterious and intense atmosphere really makes the immersiveness come to life. What I love about Little nightmares is the experience it gives you, it offers a haunting thrilling theme and disturbing scenes, the gameplay is fairly simple not too difficult though I definitelyrecommend a controller. The puzzle solving and brief action somewhat makes this game unique and really enjoyable.Spoiler FreeAs you go inside the world of Little Nightmares your mission is to help escape Six, a nine year old protagonist trapped in the Maw - an underwater resort asylum. As you progress through this game you will encounter creepy disfigured characters that will try to capture and kill you and your aim is to avoid them as possible.StoryGraphicsPerformanceSoundtrackEnjoyment9101088.5Overall Score: 9.5"
76561198153371332,Recommended,424840,31985264,Posted: 26 May,all,jake0kk,Good game! 4+ hour playthrough.
,Recommended,424840,32001415,Posted: 27 May,all,King Neptune,"Short and Sweet. A fun, yet creepy little game. Definitely recommend"
76561198168956213,Recommended,424840,32032501,Posted: 28 May,all,LilyoftheVa1ley,"If you enjoyed LIMBO and INSIDE, definetly check out Little Nightmares. This game takes the Playdead formula and adds a horror element to it, and it works excellently. There was never a dull moment in this game, you are always constantly at the edge of your seat. All of the sequences in this game are very suspensful and get your heart racing. Only thing is is that the game is a bit short. But other than that, I simply loved this game, I highly recommend it."
76561198204178208,Recommended,424840,32031713,Posted: 28 May,all,XxJuelietxX,"I love the gameplay so far! The amount of detail and art in this game is really an amazing fear element. However the freezing up and crashing mid chase or right after doing something that took a lot of effort really makes enjoying the game difficult. I would love it if the Devs fix this constant freeze and crash problem because my pc meets all of the requirements to run this game and i understand that it is a new game and still in the working process, id just like to be able to play without crashing, Thank you!"
76561198280066203,Recommended,424840,31827795,Posted: 18 May,all,General Nicole,"A creepy and lovely game. I had so much fun with it, the different masks look  so cute. I love the style and look of the game, it has been a great adventure. It was a little short, but worth my time. I would recommend. :)"
,Recommended,424840,31827081,Posted: 18 May,all,xFrenchy66,This game is amazing its a must play and all the negative reviews are from it being only 4 hours long but this game feels like so much longer
,Recommended,424840,33247306,Posted: 4 July,all,TBD GAMING,"Awesome little game....It is kind of short, but there are new DLC chapters coming very soon. The art style is fantastic and the atmosphere is very creepy. I am extremely impressed with this game and at $20 it is a great buy and completely worth it. I consider this a must play!"
,Recommended,424840,33253422,Posted: 4 July,all,ArtCherry,Spirited Away by Guillermo del Toro
,Recommended,424840,33252891,Posted: 4 July,all,Criwall,"This is an exceptional puzzle platformer much like Limbo and Inside. If you like them you will most likely love Little Nightmares. Dark, tense and disturbing rather than outright scary. There are a few chase scenes that are really well executed. The pacing is great, the art direction is stellar and looks something like a lovechild between Tim Burton (back when he was good) and Jean-Pierre Jeunet (City of lost children, Delicatessen). Sound design was great. Pretty much everyting in the presentation of this game is top notch. It's quite short however, 20€ (at regular price) might be slightly more than some are willing to pay for what is basically a 3 hour experience. There are some collectables you can try and find if you didn't the first run and you could try for the speedrun achievement but otherwise you will be pretty much done with the game in one or two sittings. For me, it was worth it thou."
76561198074776542,Recommended,424840,33257578,Posted: 4 July,all,theuglyorganist,.
,Recommended,424840,33262941,Posted: 4 July,all,Sapiendeath,A masterpiece.
,Recommended,424840,33221464,Posted: 4 July,all,Nightmare!,"Little Nightmares is a very short, polished foray into allegorical storytelling.  The game is aesthetically gorgeous but a tough value sell due to its short length.  The game itself can be finished within 4 hours, moving at a reasonably slow pace. I myself replayed several areas, listened to the music for a bit and was AFK having lunch for a few hours.  The game's graphics, courtesy of Unreal Engine 4, are absolutely stunning, with lighting, reflective and texture assets showcasing a vibrant, yet creepy world motif.  The character designs, animations and personalities all convey extreme amounts of charisma.  As odd as it is to affirm, Little Nightmares is probably one of the top 20 best-looking games on Steam both technically and by design.  The game's plot is an ambiguous, yet disturbingly unsettling tale with no real closure.  Voice acting is non-existent.  Sound effects and music are absolutely fantastic, however, and most puzzles are reasonably easy but satisfying.While the game is gorgeous, wonderfully orchestrated, atmospheric as all get-out and genuinely tense at times, Little Nightmares is not without some key flaws.  While the story of abandoned Six is dark and compelling, it is ulimately weak due to the staggering lack of clarification concerning the game's ending.  I myself have some theories and have included them after the spoiler symbols below.  Additionally, while the side-scrolling mechanics are often clever and sometimes well-realized, the controls are sufficiently lacking that death can result from an imprecise or a poorly-translated key press.  In fact, expect a good 30% of your playthrough to be comprised of trial-and-error replays as you struggle with the often unintuitive control scheme to execute the correct action that you already figured out...four deaths ago.  The game lacks co-op and multiplayer, and can be buggy at times, as the game crashed to desktop twice for me.Still, as a whole, the art design, technical prowess and amazing atmosphere in Little Nightmares, as well as some truly vicious plot twists are sure to justify a steam sale purchase.  The game can still be picked up for 15 dollars and that price may be viable for many.  The game is definitely worth a price of 10 dollars and you should absolutely pick it up then.  It is, after all, a truly tense, creepy and enjoyable experience.Recommended.8/10.******************   Spoilers   ************************************   Spoilers   ************************************   Spoilers   ************************************   Spoilers   **************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************It is my belief that the Maw is a representation of a resort for satisfactions and pleasures of the flesh.  As such, it's possible that the Maw is in fact a brothel.  The Lady, Six' archenemy and patron of the Maw, is actually Six' mother, who abandoned and cast her daughter out for a variety of reasons.  Six, cast out after the apparent suicide of her father (the hanging man in chapter one of Little Nightmares), threatened both The Lady's inherent vanity, since she is the only thin and beautifully-framed adult in Little Nightmares, as well as reminding the mother of her of her own sinful preoccupations.  The brothel-like Maw offers visitors a never-ending source of gluttony and lust, represented in the form of cannibalistic consumption and, in turn, the patronage by the visitors fed The Lady's inherent need for ""life force"" which can be construed as money, wealth, status, security and 'eternal vitality' (attractiveness).The gnomes and, indeed the children theselves throughout the ship, were subject to the predations of the Visitors.  It is therefore, possible to interpret the gnomes as the empty, broken vessels of indentured children that were trapped within the Maw.  Six' own metamorphosis into a monster of vicious vindication represents wrath at her mother's sinfulness and desire to escape the Maw at any cost.  Her final slaying of the Maw 's inhabitants, as well as The Lady promoted the idea that the brothel was ultimately destroyed by Six' unwillingness to die or capitulate to the predations of the visitors.  As such, she becomes every bit the monster that her mother is and, ultimately, the game does not represent a series of nightmarish vignettes but, instead, Six' transformation *INTO* the ""Little Nightmare"".At least that's the way I interpreted it.  Ymmv.********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************"
,Recommended,424840,33151625,Posted: 2 July,all,Maina,"Little Nightmares may not be the best game at any given thing.It's certainly gotten some flak for puzzles that aren't all that difficult, barring a couple ""boss fights"" that might take a few deaths to fiigure out.It is, however, one of the most memorable and well-done atmospheres in a videogame I can ever recall.Taken as a whole package, everything about it supports its core themes and atmospheres in a very effective way.In fact, taken as a whole package, rather than just pieces and parts at a time? I would call it the best game I've played since Portal, though I wouldn't label it as better than.That said, if you're a ""hardcore"" gamer who finds challenge the most important aspect of a game, give this a pass."
76561198044662078,Recommended,424840,33174312,Posted: 3 July,all,wealthyindiana,"Spectacular!! In the same vein as other recent platformers like Limbo and Inside, Little Nightmares is full of atmosphere in it's haunting environments, gross creatures (that you observe going about their oddly mundane daily chores) and masterfully ups the stakes in a well-paced, tightly designed adventure.The game is brief, but is never frustrating or overstay its welcome, always introducing new elements and scenarios even while keeping the core platforming puzzle solving and hide & seek mechanics stay fairly simple but effective throughout.The animation and visual design is truly outstanding. The creatures in particular are incredibly well-realized with their unnervingly stiff, awkward but graceful motion that needs to be seen to be believed  (especially an encounter from early on.) The environments are very detailed and tell a subtle story without exposition, with the environments caked in fantaatic shadows and lighting design. Clearly a lot of passion has gone into this title that can be felt in every small, sinister detail.There are some very memorable standout moments, especially in the late game, that will keep your interest even if you aren't into horror or stealth mechanics. It's a shame this hasn't gotten more exposure, because this is a brilliant little experience from start to finish, and I couldn't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,424840,33147861,Posted: 2 July,all,Jo,<3
76561197983817188,Recommended,424840,33159405,Posted: 2 July,all,Hanover,"Very weak recommendation.  The graphics and the world design are gorgeous.Unfortunately the platforming is pretty standard.  There's nothing here that Playdead hasn't already done (if not a bit more cleanly and less floaty);  The checkpoint system is uneven, and you'll find yourself having to repeat an entire 10 minute sequence after a couple of the deaths.If you can get this game on sale, go for it.  It's worth the three hours or so it takes to get through it.  Just beware that it can be frustrating and relies on too much trial and error, with some of the errors being extremely punishing."
76561198401079069,Recommended,424840,33181407,Posted: 3 July,all,dania_naderipour,"Scared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me while at the same time, making me want to keep going"
,Recommended,424840,33278889,Posted: 5 July,all,aromain150,This game is a must for all people that love horror!
,Recommended,424840,33263717,Posted: 5 July,all,herpyderpson9,"It's amazing. It's not super scary just the right amount of unsettling. Art is incerdible. I love that the story isn't handed to you. Atmospheric and just interesting.  A breath of fresh air. The only thing is that for $20 it doesn't give you a lot of gameplay, but still would highly HIGHLY reccomend."
76561198178225426,Recommended,424840,33322224,Posted: 6 July,all,GGmanou,Pros:+ Unique and peculiar story.+ The game mixes perfectly the cute and the horrific aspect.+ Beatiful soundtrack which fits to the atmosphere.+ Great puzzles!Cons:- Gameplay isn't very smooth sometimes.- Its duration is 3 to 4 hours (I didn't mind but some consider it short).I definitely recommend it! A bit pricy but at the end you'll love it!
76561197970640460,Recommended,424840,33334791,Posted: 6 July,all,markgand,"It is no small feat to be able to create such a dark and moody atmosphere without resorting to blood splatter. The game entered into my dreams more than once. The amount of personality and subtlety that has been put into the animations of all the characters means that they are all highly expressive without needing to ever speak. It really is like a dark childrens illustration or animation brought to life.It would have been nice if the game could have lasted as long as the similar game Inside, but because of the intensity and richness of it of it I still feel it was worth the money. Cant wait for the DLC."
,Recommended,424840,33332271,Posted: 6 July,all,Critical Nobody,"Little Nightmares is a neat puzzle-platformer with great art design and atmosphere. Some of it's segments can rely on trial and error to figure out exactly what you're supposed to do and it's camera angle does lead to a few missed jumps since it can be tricky to tell if you're jumping toward where you want, but it's a great tightly paced 2.5 hour ride that it worth experiencing."
,Recommended,424840,33397874,Posted: 9 July,all,Mick Siri,It's Good Horor Game . Play at Night Time is Better!!
76561198348271566,Recommended,424840,33398444,Posted: 9 July,all,ben,Game won't run PLEASE FIX but I have played it on the ps4 and it was great.
76561198092428916,Recommended,424840,33393422,Posted: 8 July,all,EstereBeast,Loved it!
76561198027961805,Recommended,424840,33392125,Posted: 8 July,all,Bane902,Every once in A while you encounter something that is so good that it makes you glad you're alive to experience it.this game is a good example of that.
,Recommended,424840,33132039,Posted: 2 July,all,Toaster Waffle,Great horror game unique style and environments
76561198330216207,Recommended,424840,33145920,Posted: 2 July,all,avivkabiri95,great game enjoyed every moment of it :) who ever made this game please make more like it !
,Recommended,424840,33141459,Posted: 2 July,all,Compu_Serv,"If you played Limbo or Inside and looking for a similar does of horror action, this is the title for you. I highly recommend this title for its great atmosphere, tight controls, good soundtrack and creepy aesthetics. The one negative is the short length of the game but that is getting addressed with new DLC."
,Recommended,424840,32969442,Posted: 28 June,all,Apollo,"Honestly, this game is a lot of fun and aesthetically pleasing. However, I still have a partial bad taste in my mouth for how much I paid for it even on a discount. This should be about a $10 game. It's beutiful and well made but every other review is correct - it's an overwhelmingly short game. I beat it in 2.9 hours and if I were to go back and get all of the achievements (which I might), I don't see this adding more than 2.5 hours to my total.That being said, as far as the game goes it's a solid game I would recommend it but be prepared that even a leisurely stroll through the game can be completed in the time of watching a Lord of the Rings movie."
,Recommended,424840,33061086,Posted: 30 June,all,Monst3rCaptain,"I really liked this game!Sometimes I wanted to throw the controller on my monitor because I was so angry that I didnt get the puzzle and sometimes it was easier than I thought (ofcourse!).I got scared that I almost♥♥♥♥♥♥myself on time..I felt sad for the guy, I thought the guy was a creep once..And all this in just under 4 HOURS! Damn, pretty short but this game is awesome!If you like som puzzles and platform games and want to get there where you least thinking about it, this is a game for you!It's not maybe worth 20€ for only 3h and 40min but trust me, its good!"
76561197998627603,Recommended,424840,33050873,Posted: 30 June,all,Newsocks,-Fun-Pretty-Creepy-Short-Strange-A lot like limbo
76561198182564423,Recommended,424840,33069583,Posted: 30 June,all,sammyocb,Cute and Spooky
,Recommended,424840,33060831,Posted: 30 June,all,youngdylanph,"Creepy yet, fun and enjoyable. I will continue playing but not prolong my agony haha."
,Recommended,424840,33004664,Posted: 29 June,all,MrAnagaM,"Little Nightmares is horror based game.Took about 4 hours on my first run, but I really didn`t stop to analyze the story or levels for secrets.I would totally recommend it, even though is short game, I personally think, if you love games like INSIDE and if you are story+gameplay based gamer. This is for you.The graphics are very good and optimized perfectly for all cards, even low end ones.Story 10/10Gameplay 9/10 Recommended to play with controllerMusic and Sounds 10/10Graphics and Art Design 10/10-ConsThe story is just a bit shorter than I expectedI wouldn`t consider the game replayable more than 3 times, enough plays to get 100%-ProsEven though the story is short, the devs decided to make another DLC, a 3 part DLC.The story is very misterious and you`ll have to play it again to fully understand the story, well played devsThe bosses are original and very creepy lookingThe music and sounds of LN are amazing, music is very creepy but just enough to get you immerse and not nervous. The sounds will make you feel on sync with the game and story.The art is Little Nightmares is something I`ve only seen here, new and very interesting, even beautiful if you can say it. A game which designs will make you rememeber.Final: Little Nightmares is great survival horror 2D game which set us in a very dystopic and bizarre world where everything else is creepy and horrible,maybe even you.You are little girl the size of bottle compared to others, trying to escape and avoid being eaten, squashed or else. Would recommend. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,424840,32963186,Posted: 28 June,all,Aliy,You like Limbo? Get this gameYou like Inside? Get this gameYou like to indulge yourself with feasting? Get this gameYou like toembrace little kids like a pedophile?Get this game
76561198141140869,Recommended,424840,33035597,Posted: 30 June,all,Bearchan,"I absolutely loved this game waiting on the DLC, worth the money even thought it's quite small of a game, art work is amazing and really enjoyed the adventure i had in this game."
,Recommended,424840,33030769,Posted: 30 June,all,KnightJumpsQueen,"Man I really loved this game. A horror platformer with a cartoonish aesthetic? How did they make this work. So beautiful, so dark. Controls are a bit stiff but I don't know how they could've improved them tbh. Music was great and graphics were stunning. This game really knows how to deliver a good setting. I'm sad it's over. The length of this beauty is my only grievance."
76561198079009910,Recommended,424840,32447194,Posted: 15 June,all,MysticCrusher,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,424840,32444128,Posted: 15 June,all,DolphinsRUs,This is the scariest horror game you would ever play. Totally recommend it.
,Recommended,424840,32462402,Posted: 15 June,all,OinkGoesPig,meh
,Recommended,424840,32462573,Posted: 15 June,all,ǍŖǤǿŊâųŦ,Great storytelling without need of text or voice. A hauntingly cute adventure following Six and her journey through the Maw. Had puzzles that were not too complicated but still challenging. Great atmosphere throughout each level and subtle introductions of each monster before the levels. Had reminiscence of spirited away for me especially near the end with the Guests and the Lady. The only big problem for me is the very lengthy credits at the end that could not be skipped.
,Recommended,424840,32595477,Posted: 20 June,all,Oh Deer Christ,"The phenomenal soundtrack, gorgeously dark setting, and engaging and ambiguous story, all work wonders to make this creepy combination of spirited away and coraline an underated masterpiece. Why it does not have more popularity than it does, I do not know."
,Recommended,424840,33215836,Posted: 3 July,all,US National Gaming Team,A delight while also spooky. Love the art style.At some point I will replay to get all the collectibles.
76561198387519528,Recommended,424840,33382349,Posted: 8 July,all,sarahvakaleris,This of my favorite game I have played in a really long time. Worth the money? DEFINITELY
,Recommended,424840,33378129,Posted: 8 July,all,burcel,That freaky guy with long arms is scarier than the governess who kind of reminded me of Quiet with that humming.
76561197972713267,Recommended,424840,33377813,Posted: 8 July,all,thronabulax,Immersive atmospheric experience. Spooky and fun.
76561198069166436,Recommended,424840,33462514,Posted: 11 July,all,Pickle Rick,BEST GAME OF 2017
,Recommended,424840,33460889,Posted: 11 July,all,Carla Shaw,"This is one of the best looking games I have ever played. Platforming is♥♥♥♥♥♥and puzzles are not very good but the visuals and the storytelling is amazing. Play this for an experience, not for mechanics."
,Recommended,424840,33472811,Posted: 11 July,all,PlatanoLover64,"This game was all around amazing. visuals were beautiful, puzzles were challenging, and story was well driven without any words. Highly recommend this game."
76561198034424486,Recommended,424840,33472087,Posted: 11 July,all,The Next Dad,"Like a 3D Limbo/Inside, great game!"
76561197974383950,Recommended,424840,33439316,Posted: 10 July,all,lethulu,"Fantastic. Wish it was longer, but great atmosphere and several nice touches throughout."
,Recommended,424840,33448908,Posted: 10 July,all,feiw1988,A little expensive but still worth it.
,Recommended,424840,33449431,Posted: 10 July,all,krubas,short but immersive
76561198290189213,Recommended,424840,33485174,Posted: 12 July,all,William_Glozz,Really good game
76561198025576656,Recommended,424840,31641022,Posted: 8 May,all,ToatzMcGoats,"Creepy, fun and beautiful! The whole game gave me such an uneasy feeling and the characters are amazing looking! The gameplay reminds me of Limbo/Inside so if you like those kind of puzzle platformers this game is right up you ally. It is not a very long game, I finished it in about 3 hours but it was worth every penny i spent. I very much enjoyed my time with it and hope to get back in to finish the achievements."
,Recommended,424840,31642495,Posted: 9 May,all,MereExistence,aaaaa buy it on saleit is a good game but i don't think any game should be THIS short.it is a recommended game because it has some great music and horrifying gameplay.but... just too short.
,Recommended,424840,31651881,Posted: 9 May,all,Untanky,"This is a great little horror game. It is pretty scary, although not relying on jump scares. The enemies are creepily terrific and add to the awesome atmosphere. The world is beautiful, interactive and underlines the thematic of being a small child in a big world.The game has a few shortcomings. It is rather short. With my noobish abilities, it took about 5 hours to finish. While the story seems straightforward at the start of the game and it's middle part, the last level, especially, feels very out of place with more Asain inspired buildings in contrast to the dark ship aesthetic from before.Pros:+ good graphics+ great atmosphere+ perfect enemy designCons:- trial-and-error puzzles- short- not the greatest story with an unsatisfying endI would recommend this game to anyone who likes horror and/or puzzle games but I would not pay 20€ again to play the game. So, I would say, wait until the game is on sale and get it then."
,Recommended,424840,31652589,Posted: 9 May,all,Sacred Sloth,"This game is incredible! The monsters are good and the animations are excellent.I think 20 dollars is a fair price considering the amount of work they had to dofor all the animations, music, AI, etc. It makes me excited to see what the next game Bandiis going to make next. It's also a lot like Limbo and inside. There are also a lot ofhidden rooms within the game. If you take your time and explore everything it is well over6 hours of gameplay. So don't let other revieweres fool you."
,Recommended,424840,31657427,Posted: 9 May,all,Sensei,"This game is totally awesome, if you're into games like Limbo and Inside and you like a Tim Burton-esque atmosphere (I at least get a Tim Burton vibe from this game), then you'll definitely love this game. It's not very long, mind you. It only took me 4 hours including me exploring a little and failing at certain parts multiple times, so if that affects you're decision to pay $20 for this game then there. I loved it nonetheless ♥"
,Recommended,424840,31661110,Posted: 10 May,all,Urist McEngie,"As of writing, it took me 5.2 hours to beat this game, but I have yet to 100% the game!Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the game. Although many compare it to Inside and Limbo, the game lacks that ultra-hardcore charm of ""die to figure out the puzzle"". Most of my deaths were due to failing with the controls at jumps or falling from heights, or because I couldn't figure out the puzzle in time. The story and art style is great - I find the visual horror of the enemies a bit goofy but there's definitely some unexpected spooks to be had.The game also makes creative use of backtracking - while normally that would be a waste of time, there's always something unexpected on the second runthrough.Controls are a mixed bag, after struggling with mouse and keyboard on a segment that required rapidly changing between 2 diagonal motions to dodge, I switched to a controller...and then probably struggled more because of relearning controls :/Another thing are the checkpoints. The checkpoints are UNCLEAR. Some of them are near lamps the player can light, other times they are somewhere??? Some of them are right at the start of chase scenes which is convenient I guess.Finally, bugs. I've had some wonky moments where I can't tell why the AI can see me, as well as getting stuck once or twice due to throwing physics objects the wrong way. ALSO, the player ducks under some movable/climbable objects, which blocks jumping and can ruin a critical move if you jump too late onto a ledge."
76561198255240634,Recommended,424840,31593581,Posted: 6 May,all,Alexander Edoh,good
,Recommended,424840,31663351,Posted: 10 May,all,MinimumSoul,quality
,Recommended,424840,31659556,Posted: 9 May,all,iam_brittle,Easily my favorite game of 2017 thus far. The feel is so natural and smooth it's almost addicting and the story will draw you in and never let you go. From the very first minute to the very last I was hooked and couldnt look away. I look forward to seeing where they take this and cant wait for more!
,Recommended,424840,31658421,Posted: 9 May,all,JDWhiskerz,"I really enjoyed this game and it does reminds me of the tim burton and fran bow put together. It has a really nice story line, beautiful and outstanding animation and backgrounds. I love the music and the puzzles are so challenging you cant over think and it's just a simple way to get out but some you have to plan out perfectly. Overall I enjoyed this game a lot and loved everything about this game"
76561198088265712,Recommended,424840,31666987,Posted: 10 May,all,<APACHE-DEVIL>,Do yourself a favor and play this game.
76561198263397157,Recommended,424840,31673498,Posted: 10 May,all,SugoiWeeaboi~,$20 for nightmares.10/10 can never sleep again.
,Recommended,424840,31673959,Posted: 10 May,all,Grrz,cute game.wish it was longernow ima go try and fill up this emptyness in my heart
,Recommended,424840,31691357,Posted: 11 May,all,Gold & Platinum,Pretty dope to be honest.
76561198101174580,Recommended,424840,31471780,Posted: 30 April,all,michael1685,"Really neat game! Can't say I've ever played anything quite like it!Graphically beautiful and pretty entertaining with its unique puzzels.However, I wish the game was longer, especially since it was 4 hours. And I might be nit picking or the whole concept went over my head, but what exactly was the game about? (What is the story?)Other then those cons listed above, I really enjoyed this game and it was really fun to record!If anyone is interested or just needs help getting through the different stages of the game, check out my playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLe45wyksRn--zkDAsOi6X9gaoTg1_eydL4 episodes of gameplay and commentary!"
,Recommended,424840,31674238,Posted: 10 May,all,HolyDataDemon,"This game has a very strong atmosphere. I purchased this game on sale so I felt I paid for what the game is worth. Very short but, has some great puzzles and challenges for anyone wanting to go to a more casual game."
76561197970794095,Recommended,424840,31685346,Posted: 11 May,all,oneangrymo!,One of the best games I have played in a long time. Its a must.
76561197998674860,Recommended,424840,31686460,Posted: 11 May,all,QueenAmpharos,Fantastic game. Very immersive atmosphere.  If I had to give it one criticism its that it is obviously best suited for controller play. I did personally finish the game with only keyboard but I feel like a conroller would give a smoother gameplay experience.
,Recommended,424840,31695075,Posted: 11 May,all,✪ MrJughead87,"Just wow! I was a bit apprehensive when buying this game due to the cost and how long it takes to beat.  I completed the game in 3hrs and enjoyed ever single minute of it.The art style, audio, sound effects, silent story, and character creations are incredible.This is a must have game in your library."
,Recommended,424840,31693611,Posted: 11 May,all,ClassyKye,"The game kept my attention and my curiosity and held onto it tightly. Never have I wanted a game to NOT end so badly before. I wanted more explanation from the game but didnt get it sadly. The game was also very very short, you can literally beat this game in 40 minutes if you do everything perfectly.Pros:Amazing Creepy AtmosphereWell thought out and unique characters/enemies2.5D GameplayGreat StoryKeeps you interestedCons:Short gameCharacters are good but few in numbersPrice, More of a $10-$15 game rather than $20Game ends rather abruptly leaving you with many questionsRegardless of the Cons im still glad I played this game it was actually very very good. Hope to see some DLC soon!"
76561198122761089,Recommended,424840,31689228,Posted: 11 May,all,Spydino,"Amazing and beautiful game, I loved the creepiness of it all.Will be buying all the comics :P"
76561198126648559,Recommended,424840,31679092,Posted: 11 May,all,Randomcookiejar,"Really like the art direction they went with this game. Really cute and creepy at the same time. Love the nomes design and Six,wish the game was longer though. Hope there next game has similar art style to this! Really adore the style!"
,Recommended,424840,31679051,Posted: 11 May,all,NuclearCookie™,10/10 Best Childhood Nigthmare Simulator
,Recommended,424840,31709363,Posted: 12 May,all,seanomit,"Might not be the longest, but one hell of a experience. Its dark and pretty disturbing wich makes it even better, I highly recommend you get this game."
,Recommended,424840,31712386,Posted: 12 May,all,☯ Paraf0x,"Wow ♥I can't say that much, because I wouldspoilersome really ♥♥♥♥ed up things.It's like LIMBO just with a ""beautiful"" graphic and incredible good and perfect matching background music.It just blow off my brain and I was like, ""... what am I watching right now?"".This ""game"" is pure art!I got just 1 thing to gripe, for me it was too short but that's okay because that what I saw was absolute amazing."
76561198019190128,Recommended,424840,31707172,Posted: 12 May,all,Rotkäppchen,"just finished it!cute and creepy with an very interpretative strong story!I absolutly love the combination of all the elements what are represent in the game, reminds me a little bit of the old Oddworld games and the flair of Silent Hill, but it still stands for its own. It pushes the feeling of being a little kid again with a strong fantasy, with the fears and hopes for what is in the future (or the next room).the noises and atmosphere are drawing you in and invites you to play it one more time.i hope mabye we can see more of it!"
,Recommended,424840,31760958,Posted: 14 May,all,Casperiously,game worth the money. 10/10 give it a try if u liked inside.
,Recommended,424840,31758869,Posted: 14 May,all,Kensai187,"This was a great little game. It only took me 4 hours but the vibe of the game and the way the graphics and audio brought it all together was pretty special (I think noise cancelling headphones in the dark is the way to play it!). The puzzles were just the right difficulty for me too, they keep you thinking without being too frustrating.For those moaning and partiularly those downvoting the game for being short, not every game has to be a replayable 15+ hour affair. I spend £15 on one movie, or on 3 drinks in a bar, so £15 for 4 hours of top notch gameplay is fine by me. If you don't like paying that money for it then wait for a sale."
76561198122682839,Recommended,424840,31758915,Posted: 14 May,all,shineonka,"It's a short experience but if you like games like Limbo, and Inside this game is worthwile.  Beautiful art style, creepy, and open ended for interpretation."
76561198143359988,Recommended,424840,31771935,Posted: 15 May,all,SPAGHETTI,"Good Puzzles10/10 graphics, fits perfectly for the BGMs and soundtrack10/10 for the BGM and soundtracks"
76561198311859392,Recommended,424840,31785299,Posted: 16 May,all,verunmalhotra,"This is a beautiful game. Ever since I saw its trailers, I was waiting to get it. Bought it on the first day of launch on STEAM India. My 7 year old niece told me that I never buy games on the first day but this one I must buy on the first day so that she can watch while I play. I did not disappoint her. Buy this games guy. Its  a must have. I find it so beautiful.I am playing it slowly so that I don't finish it immediately. I want to enjoy this game as long as I can.Thank you STEAM for giving people in India an opportunity to play the games as and when they launch. And thank you Bandai NAMCO for creating this amazing game. Thank you developers, and hope we will continue to get such games in future. Love to all of you. Cheers. Varun"
76561198334759450,Recommended,424840,31791347,Posted: 16 May,all,Roy Batty,"This game is visually compelling, atmosphere is perfect, the puzzles are incredibly well made. Just an amazing piece of game design. Imagine edgier spirited away. In video game form."
76561198025056050,Recommended,424840,31794764,Posted: 16 May,all,Nec,"If you liked Limbo and Inside you'll love this game. Short, but intricate. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,424840,31799032,Posted: 16 May,all,BrofessorBriz,"As a fan of Limbo and Inside, this game immediately appealed to me.  It's an atmospheric horror game with a ""less is more"" approach to storytelling.  It's up to you to decipher the mysteries of The Maw as you journey through it's grim underbelly.  While I like the game as a whole, I have to criticize the checkpoints.  If you mess up on a section, you can be bumped back as much as 5 minutes, and if you need to exit the game and return, it can be worse.  I hope they patch this but in the meantime, I recommend turning off the lights and completing this game in one sitting.  P.S. Only you can make the call on whether this game is worth the pricetag.  It's only a few hours long but to me the quality of the experience is worth it."
,Recommended,424840,31738496,Posted: 13 May,all,TrainingWh33l,"Great game, Not entirely replayable save for some collectables and quite a short experience.  Well worth the $20 price tag despite its 3-4 hour length."
76561198022814738,Recommended,424840,31738415,Posted: 13 May,all,Wilson64,"It was an honor and pleasure to play this wonderful and yet terrifying game. Short and sweet being only 4 hours long, but I was on the edge of my seat for every minute of it. Every answered question only leads to a million more about what happened, is happening, and will happen. An overall gem of a game that I'll cherish and remember for a long time to come. 10/10 More Please!"
76561198380474896,Recommended,424840,31729979,Posted: 13 May,all,lew62,This game did take a while to get into!!! but oh boy did the game end up freaking me out. love the graphics and how eary it was. the idea is one of a kind the music was spot on.If you love a good twist to the game then buy it by all means !!!I will give a thumbs up and a 9/10 only reason why not a 10 is because it was a bit short. but still worth a buyget going !!! hope they make another one
,Recommended,424840,31733269,Posted: 13 May,all,TheSassJacket,"Haven't completed it yet, but the atmosphere and air of mystery that oozes from every setting makes the atmosphere tense and spooky. Encountered some issues with depth perception, and dying in dumb places, but overall I'm enjoying my experience.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEV-zgMmrCkHere's a Let's Play i'm doing on this title to get the gist."
,Recommended,424840,31733455,Posted: 13 May,all,D3ADLYBANE,"Amazing story, Soundtrack is just perfect for the game. It does run short at 3-5 hours. But just an amazing playthrough. Worth the purchase."
76561198120615483,Recommended,424840,31773183,Posted: 15 May,all,MCDONALDTRUMP™,"Little Nightmares is often terrifying yet always beautiful. Coming from Swedish studio Tarsier, Little Nightmares is the studio's first original title after years of contributing mostly to Little Pig Planet titles for PlayStation. Tarsier really got to flex their creative muscles with this one and in the process, created a dark and enjoyable platformer.When you first lay eyes on Little Nightmares, it’s hard to not immediately think of INSIDE. While this comparison may be apt, it’s also not entirely fair as INSIDE was in intense development for years and is frankly a masterpiece in my eyes. Little Nightmares is certainly a good game but to compare it to INSIDE would not be fair to either game.Little Nightmares tells the (intentionally) vague story of a little girl named Six who is trying to escape from the Maw. In her three hour adventure, you’ll encounter grotesque beings and a number of scares along the way. The game walks a tight line with its horror elements and manages to mostly pull off everything it’s trying to do. Mostly. For every close escape I experienced in my time with the game, I also had a frustrating amount of trial and error moments that stunted the pace of the game for me. There were a handful of sections where I feel like the only way that you can figure out what to do is to fail first. Now this is not a bad thing per se, but it can kill the momentum of the game. I felt that this was particularly prominent due to the finicky controls. Reminiscent of Shadow of the Colossus, the grab animation didn’t always seem to work correctly and there was some funky collision involved. This wasn’t a huge issue but it hindered my experience overall and I feel could have been a bit more refined.Minor mechanical issues aside, the things that Little Nightmares does right, it knocks them out of the park. The attention to detail and especially the sense of scale are superb and really help the game world create a solid and cohesive sense of place. While that place is certainly ugly, the devs made it a very pretty ugly. I found Little Nightmares to be one of the most screenshot-able games I’ve played this year. While the story was definitely vague, I still enjoyed its themes clearly relating to gluttony and vainness. I also enjoyed the (intentional?) nod towards Spirited Away towards the end.Despite some frustrating trial and error segments and some mechanical flaws, I thought that Little Nightmares was a thoroughly enjoyable experience and a stellar original debut by an indie studio. I certainly plan on keeping an eye on Tarsier on the future and look forward to what they create next."
76561197971346113,Recommended,424840,31777044,Posted: 15 May,all,Cohnor,Short but every single minute played was enjoyable. Fantastic even.
76561198129794749,Recommended,424840,31780877,Posted: 15 May,all,ROOST,"Amazing game! Every part of this was fun, scary, and suspensful. I love the creativeness in all the characters and the way they make you feel uncomfortible and how all the characters have different traits. For example, the way the janitor is blind, but has amazing hearing and long arms is fun and exciting. overall this game is really good, however, in my opion I thought the game was too short for a $20 game, it left me wanting more! In the end I really enjoyed this game and would recament you play in the dark at night for a spoopy feel."
,Recommended,424840,31733766,Posted: 13 May,all,Legend,"I fiund this game to be awsome!I am a chicken when it comes to horror games because i hate jump scares, but this game looked fun so i said ""what the hell ill give it a shot!"". i would consider this a softcore horror game. its not meant to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, its just made so that  u sit at the end of ur chair anxious to find out what happens next. the game as a very good story line even tho there is no dialogue. the game is a piece of interactive art. Highly recomend this game to anyone wanting to have a good time.this game is like LIMBO, but even bettergameplay: 9/10story:9/10graphics:8/10overall score: 9/10"
76561198292873598,Recommended,424840,31715722,Posted: 12 May,all,duwns,클리어를 했어요. 하지만 너무 짧았어요.
76561198323967377,Recommended,424840,31716921,Posted: 12 May,all,tsukiyamabeatnu,Absolutely perfect.  Just wish it had more hours to enjoy the game.
,Recommended,424840,31616069,Posted: 7 May,all,Zeekerss,"Little Nightmares is amazingly creepy and tense, with an intruiging, surprising, metaphorical story which leaves you mysteriously. The whole game looks and sounds AMAZING, like a creepy claymation film. (which is amazingly charming and Iove it)LENGTH : The most common complaint I've seen is that this game is too short for the price, and can be finished in about 2-3 hours. 2-3 hours is a pretty good length for a game of this quality in my opinion, and the if the main complaint is ""I wish there was more!"" that should tell you that there's definitely something good about it. (I finished it in 3.5 hours and have gotten much more playtime in it by showing it to all my friends.)It frustrates me when all people seem to care about is the length rather then it just being a good story that's as long as it needs to be. I personally like the aspect that it can be played in one sitting since it almost feels like a movie.SOME GAMEPLAY ISSUES :The gameplay is pretty awesome except for a lot of depth-perception issues, which caused me to fall to my death and be forced to do some parts multiple times.  (You'll learn that your lighter is not only for light but actually helps for depth-perception a little as well. Sometimes that still doesn't help however.) It's also inevitable that atleast one time you'll be ready to slide under/into something quickly, but you'll somehow end up sliding into the wall beside it. This caused A LOT of scenes to stop anti-climactically and got pretty annoying, but i was able to forgive it because the game is so good otherwise.Definitely play this game alone in the dark. It's quite an experience."
,Recommended,424840,31716776,Posted: 12 May,all,meganhaverty08,"The atmosphere, gameplay, puzzles and graphics are all top-notch. It has a very melancholic/creepy vibe to it, I wouldn't call it horror but there are a few parts that are definitely disturbing. It has a very original feel to it that I think anyone could appreciate.As much as I enjoyed the game, there are two cons I found:-It's pretty short. Especially the second half of the game, once you hit that point it really flies by. I wouldn't really mind this too much, but I'm not sure $20 is the most fair price for the content. I really took my time and even went AFK multiple times with the game running, and I still barely hit 8 hours of playtime.-The controls on PC are pretty wonky. There were multiple parts in the game where I knew exactly what I had to do, but getting the controls right was difficult. I won't lie, this got pretty annoying at certain parts, but if you have a controller it most likely won't be an issue.Overall, I'd give this a 3.5/5. Fingers crossed for a squeal!"
76561198015887080,Recommended,424840,31714138,Posted: 12 May,all,chicizoo,EXCELLENT
76561197996610472,Recommended,424840,31714917,Posted: 12 May,all,butlerianjihad,Limbo meets Spirited Away as might be imagined by Tim Burton
76561197967726572,Recommended,424840,31739060,Posted: 13 May,all,Driftoz,this game would be awesome with dolby atmos being able to hear creaking/banging  sounds or water dripping from above you and noises from all around
,Recommended,424840,31746602,Posted: 14 May,all,Pakana,"Little Nightmares is a good game with a fun gameplay, interesting art style and kinda spooky atmosphere. However, it's very short and i was hoping to get some more content.I would recommend to buy this game on sale because the game is short and not worth of 20€ for 3-4 hour gameplay."
,Recommended,424840,31756030,Posted: 14 May,all,Pxil,The story is hard to understand but it has many elements and puzzles that i really like
,Not Recommended,424840,31425210,Posted: 28 April,all,Atomic Zebra,I have been so hyped up for this game. It is not playable for me because for some reason it keeps crashing right after I finish a puzzle in the same spot everytime. I really wish that this game would work...
76561198366390399,Recommended,424840,31797870,Posted: 16 May,all,Blaq_Phantom,I can honestly without a doubt say that I absolutely loved this game. I reccomend this game for anyone that wants to play a game with a twisted Tim Burton type game. I just wish this game was much longer than it is.
76561198272461714,Recommended,424840,31798213,Posted: 16 May,all,CONCEPT_ZERO,"I enjoyed this game. The artwork was awesome! The characters are super creepy! You interact with them in such a highly detailed and spooky atmosphere coupled with an immersive sound design that makes the whole experience very enjoyable. However, the game has some flaws... I found the controls to be a little frustrating. I played with a keyboard and mouse which is part of the problem. I would recommend using a controller. The game is also a bit too short... When it ended I didn't feel completely satisfied; I wanted to keep playing. The story, like the game, has its creepy twists and turns BUT I still was confused and had some questions when it was finished (Maybe the devs intentions?). I wanted more explanation, more of a context to the story.Overall, This game is fantastic! I highly recommend it... If you are on the fence about it pick up on sale and you will be pleasantly surprised.9/10"
76561198057285690,Recommended,424840,31453144,Posted: 29 April,all,Curtis,A really solid title. The more I thought about the game the more I was fine with the 20$ asking price. Essentially it's 5 hours of really consistent and amazing gameplay vs 30 hours of mediocre gameplay. Personally I prefer the first.
76561198063411374,Recommended,424840,31927758,Posted: 23 May,all,Lumine-Assasin,Amazing game i really loved playing it. Great atmosphere and gameplay and storyline. it is a bit pricy for as short as you have with it but i treated it like a movie and played it with my gf and friend and they watched as if it was a movie. So imo its worth it.
76561198127672125,Recommended,424840,31926995,Posted: 23 May,all,xWisdom,"This is a masterpiece of art and story-telling. From the start, you are immersed in this beautiful, but dark and gloomy environment, where progressing is both scary and exciting. This game juggles with your emotions in an extremely unique manner, from inspiration to dread, every level keeps you looking out for danger in the stunning backgrounds. Every stage of the adventure has its own type of enemy and feel to it: the prison, the lair, the kitchen, the dining room and the lady's quarters. For those who say it's short, I would rather have something short and amazing, then long and boring. Buy this game for a unique experience, a new way to look at (real) horror and a thrill ride where every little success feels so important. Controls take a few minutes to get used to, they're not that bad, unless you rage every death, then good luck getting through the kitchen lol."
76561198308889266,Recommended,424840,31926240,Posted: 23 May,all,LoliFuckerDeidara,Pros: This game brings out the spooky atmosphere perfectly especially without the dialogue and hiding and the story is explained the further and further you get into the game and it becomes extremely interestingCons: The game is EXTREMELY short and also is a lot of tril and error with most of the puzzles but if you can get past those cons the game is amazing I'll give it a 7.9/10
,Recommended,424840,31472093,Posted: 30 April,all,Huyo,"I recommend this game very tentatively. If you like the trailer, and don't mind spending $20 on a 2 - 3 hour game, give it a shot.A few words of caution:You die a lot. At least for me, this ruined my immersion at points.There are some bugs. I had an object tip over that wasn't supposed to, making it unobvious that I had to reset to my last checkpointI had the game crash multiple times, and lost my progress on a section once.All in all, the core game is great, just feels like it could use some polishing."
,Recommended,424840,32463162,Posted: 15 June,all,BigAxeBarney,"Great story, fun gameplay. You will probably die a few times"
,Recommended,424840,32393257,Posted: 13 June,all,roseytyler,I loved this game the beutiful graphics and weird creepy enemies made this game an amazing experience. Also I can't wait for the DLC to come out in november. So I can find out the unknown story of the maw!
,Recommended,424840,32704097,Posted: 23 June,all,Liam Mayfair,"This is game is grotesque... in a good sense. Enthralling, inspired story that will keep you at the edge of your seat. It is very spooky and gorish but it attains this cleverly and they don't use cheap tricks to scare you; rather, they build up the tension as the game goes on. The stunning, beautiful graphics and animations do nothing but add a lot to an already excellent and engaging experience. You will find it very hard to not complete this game in one seating: first, because it's great, and second because it's short."
,Recommended,424840,32743139,Posted: 24 June,all,Holocene - Moving House,"Little Nightmares really sets the mood, it has incredible atmosphere and soundtrack. Once you get playing you will surely get immersed into this game. The game has the style of Inside or Limbo and has a slight more dark / horror vibe to it. It's not really a horror game but a lot of it can be very suspenseful and one section actually did have my heart racing a bit. There is a gripe for me, and that would be that the game feels like it was made for a controller. Using k+m felt a little unresponsive and at times the controls would be a bit finicky as I'm trying to do something but my character doesn't comply. There was also one section that was incredibly frustrating to get through and left me retrying for about 30 minutes, which in a 4 hour game is quite frustrating. That section almost makes me turn to a thumbs down since it destroyed the immense enjoyment I was having with the game up until that point.However, Little Nightmares was thoroughly enjoyable bar that one section, and I would recommend to buy when on sale as the full price is a bit steep considering the amount of content. Nevertheless, an excellent game."
76561198261289767,Recommended,424840,32734676,Posted: 24 June,all,DarkVenom407,"Good, Short & Fun... I would recommend this game mostly for kids, teens and people above 18 it'll be boring and too short. overall verdict 7/10"
,Recommended,424840,32733531,Posted: 24 June,all,Faceless,"Short and Sweet. It didn't try to withstand it's stay by stretching it.The only complaint I have is the controls, but you get used to them after a 10 minutes or so."
,Recommended,424840,32734880,Posted: 24 June,all,mjejejowbowow,"Great atmosphere and visuals, really good sound design and overall gameplay."
76561198310391030,Recommended,424840,32734955,Posted: 24 June,all,bryanjohnson,great game love IT. Six is adorable even when she eats rats and other (THINGS) !!! its a must have.
76561198204353029,Recommended,424840,32747817,Posted: 24 June,all,ZD,Ok first of all im too ♥♥♥♥♥ to play horror games but this one ladies and gentlemen this one is fricking art. Its so scary but not the way all blood and murder its definetly much more than that. My face turned kinda purple cuz i hold my breath too ♥♥♥♥ing long. Its basically living in Tim Burton's mind. I definetly suggest you to play this game. Wait a minute. For this one its a ♥♥♥♥ing order. Buy it. You won't regret it. Personally i choose play these kind of games with a controller. So you might wanna try that too. Only con i noticed so far is controlling is a little bit hard but you eventually get used to it.
,Recommended,424840,32716121,Posted: 24 June,all,Yaleea,"Little Nightmares is a really awesome little game! (Around ~4-6 hours)It has no real jumpscares (yeah!) but it has a really creepy mood but manages to be quite cute too at times.I liked the mood, style, music and the (rather simple) puzzles very much.Concerning the story: It's up to you what you make of it.There is no dialogue or explanation for what's going on so there are a lot of theories going around.I personally like that in games.So you should really try this game.Especially if it's on sale!Some DLCs are supposed to be released soon. Yeah!"
,Recommended,424840,32659449,Posted: 22 June,all,RedCervidae,"This is a tentative recommendation. Not because the game is bad per se, but because it has a lot of tiny hiccups that I don't think merit its usual $20 price tag (more if you want the DLC too).The pros are very good:- Fantastic visuals and atmosphere- Good stealth mechanics, they stay consistent even when new threats are added.- The creepy/scary things are done very well!- game sucks you in as things progress rather quickly, very few ""filler"" scenes and places- Game is confirmed to have DLC coming and will likely be updated with new content for a bit, which is always goodThe cons are pretty bad though:- Only a 3 hour game with minimal replayability. Nothing changes as you finish the game and play again. Things are exactly the same, except now you can pick whatever chapter you want to replay. The game in total will still be only 3 hours. Now this might change with the DLC, but that will be $10 minimum if not more.- Imprecise controls and responses. I can't begin to tell you how many times Six will pick up different than what I was aiming for her to grab. Or how many times she has fallen off of a high pipe bridge to her death due to the screen tilt not telling you how close to the edge she is until it's too late. Or how many times she could not grip onto a platform or hide in a crevise properly. This is pretty crucial as there are many instances where timing of actions is key and any small hesitance or mistake will reset your progress. These things really need to be improved in my opinion, especially for the regular price the game is being charged at.Again, the game isn't bad by any means, it's very good and the devs have put a lot of effort and time into it, but the price tag and the control response makes me give this a very situational recommendation: Don't buy it full price. Buy it $15 or below. I'd say $10 but it hasn't hit that low of a price yet."
,Recommended,424840,32658642,Posted: 22 June,all,Tomiply,"Little Nightmares was fun, but way too short. I liked the gameplay, and the graphics were nice. Good atmosphere, but the game got a bit repetitive after a while, despite being so short. I recommend getting it during a sale, like now. 7/10."
76561198204370448,Recommended,424840,32700494,Posted: 23 June,all,SCOTTICUS,Little Nightmares is such a stunning creation. The artstyle is fantastic and the level design is amazing. This game is the best 2.5D puzzle game I've played since Inside.
76561198037202010,Recommended,424840,32711690,Posted: 23 June,all,The Pr0tagonist,did you like limbo and inside? if yes get this game it's not a strait clone but i sharse a lot of the same strengths and weaknesses. I don't think I liked it as much as limbo but this was still fun and interesting so if you haven't played those 2 get them first they are cheaper and better.It's a little easy for my tastes is more of a experence then a challenging platformer but it held my attention the whole way and at no point did it feel repetivie. The less you know going in the better.
76561198326762349,Recommended,424840,32688669,Posted: 23 June,all,Rayven,"Best game ever, and it was my first game I bought on steam! I have grown to loooove this game, and I was very excited to hear about the DLCs that where coming out. This game was enjoyable, though at times i got stuck XD. I don't find it scary since i mostly do horror games, but it has great atmospere and suspense. i would recomend this game for all!"
76561198034468649,Recommended,424840,32687140,Posted: 23 June,all,alex.twigster,Although I've only played it for about 30 minutes. The game is enjoyable.
,Recommended,424840,32756452,Posted: 24 June,all,✪ Adept ✘,"Pro- Creepy Gameplay- Smooth Graphics- Sounds- StoryCon- Controls are hard (For me)- Kinda boring (If you don't like story games)I'm a FPS gamer, this game fits my needs when I want to just relax, and not care about ranks, and after raging in cs go comp :D8/10Buy it if you like horror games, and story!"
,Recommended,424840,32791625,Posted: 25 June,all,Frogbags,"While short, the game is fantastic all the way through."
76561198120551589,Recommended,424840,32808926,Posted: 26 June,all,Mo93B,Such a great game
76561198004660435,Recommended,424840,32817518,Posted: 26 June,all,Hustlenomics,"The art style, atmosphere of the game, and fun game mechanics hooked me for the entire duration of this great game that ended too soon. I cant wait to play additional chapters and learn more about the maw. 5/5"
76561198145907214,Recommended,424840,32797999,Posted: 25 June,all,Izuall187,"For something that looked cartoonish yet hauntingly good. This is one top game and should be nominated for game of the year. Simple controls, easy to pick up, but damn hard difficulty. And such an amazing plot. Thank you, Steam team for the free expansion pass!"
,Recommended,424840,32798021,Posted: 25 June,all,Sikkyu,Solid little game. around 3-4 hours of very immersive gameplay.
,Recommended,424840,32794352,Posted: 25 June,all,Marshma11ow,The game is short -- around 5 hours if you take time to explore where you can -- but pretty enjoyable. I wish I understood the story...
,Recommended,424840,32840342,Posted: 26 June,all,DESSERTMANIA,"great art, nice concept. scary yet funny and adventurous. 9/10 i met a little bug (instead pick up the key somehow the key moved really far like i kicked it.) but thats not gonna affect the game play."
76561198092219375,Recommended,424840,32866933,Posted: 27 June,all,💘 Aztak Sweet 💘,SUCH A AMAZING GAME <3
76561198004282109,Recommended,424840,32900803,Posted: 27 June,all,Super Spicy Ramen,"Highly recommend the game for anyone that like Ori of the blind forrest or Abzu, this blew my mind away with the details to the enviroment and the story had me in shivers and I got goosebumps several times during the play.Can't wait for the DLC to release now in July"
,Recommended,424840,32570072,Posted: 19 June,all,Prima Geek,"Little Nightmares is a creepy game with some stellar graphics. Short, sweet, and it will stick in your mind."
,Recommended,424840,32486268,Posted: 16 June,all,ArkaXen,"This game was both terrible and wonderful. I loved the story (although it left much to be desired in the way of information), and I loved all the ways Little Nightmares made my heart race. The stress was more terrifying than the monsters (if you could call them that), but the story urged me forward and I don't regret one second of this game. Some gripe about the gameplay being too short, not challenging enough, or not enough puzzles, but I don't think that was the goal. I think the goal was to make you FEEL as if you were a part of that world, and for me it was effective. One user mentioned Ori and the Blind Forest, but I don't think it's fair to compare the two because the two have different objectives. Ori emphasized the artwork and the ""zen"" of a forgotten forest, while Little Nightmares emphasized the fear of a tiny child trying to escape a nightmarish restaurant."
76561198240073590,Recommended,424840,32554192,Posted: 18 June,all,Oli_YT,"This game is 10/10 for me. The art style and the designs for the rooms are absolutley incredible. The horror in the game is suttle, but not so suttle that it is boring. I really do reccomend this game."
,Recommended,424840,32603456,Posted: 20 June,all,lilltartan,"An interesting puzzle/horror game, fans of Limbo and/or Inside will probably like this game. Just like Inside/Limbo it's fairly short (average time to finnish the game is ~3 hours if you don't figure stuff out right away). The monsters you encounter are  indeed something taken out of nightmares, but also pretty easy to get by once you have figured out their ""mechanics"". I loved the first monster you encounter and trying to not make a sound/using your enviroment to your advantage while moving past it was fun.One complaint I personally have is how short it is, or rather, the lack of monsters. I would've loved having even more monsters to get past, or a harder difficulty setting.There is DLC coming soon to this game though so there'll be even more hours to put into this game in case you were a fan of it. Can't wait to see what we'll have to get past next!"
,Recommended,424840,32619400,Posted: 21 June,all,YukineHeartnet❤,"Little Nightmares is a great game.  Like limbo or inside, you go into the game without any knowledge of were you are or whats going on and thats what makes the game so great. Its extremely fun to get in a game were everything is new and the world is mysterious and interesting to explore. Another thing I have to say about the game is that it has alot of replayability value,  after having played for 15+ hours I can safely say that after finishing the game its fun to go for fast times or to get all of the acheivments.All in All I give Little Nightmares a 10/10 and I hope you get a chance to experience this masterpeice for yourself!"
,Recommended,424840,32955992,Posted: 28 June,all,flygandegris,This is a really fun game.
,Recommended,424840,32956016,Posted: 28 June,all,Poporunga,"At first, the player starts to develop pity towards the main character, but as the story progresses, you realize you slowly becomethe ultimate edgelord.10/10 Would get hungry again."
,Recommended,424840,32975900,Posted: 28 June,all,"Suppressor (AR,S12K)","Not bad , this game scared me ."
,Recommended,424840,32921478,Posted: 28 June,all,Chibi136,"I finished the game in about 7 hours. Didn't find all the secrets though.I can totally recommend the game because of the graphics, the story and the great atmosphere it delivers. I loved every second =)"
76561198362636474,Recommended,424840,32963840,Posted: 28 June,all,trevorhewitt95,"Awesome, lots of really scarry and really fun gameplay. Beutiful art, impeccible atmosphere."
76561198016003941,Recommended,424840,32268320,Posted: 8 June,all,jdgonzo82,"an absolutely stunning game!! immaculate presentation, graphics, controls, sound design and level design. if you have enjoyed Limbo and Inside then this must be considered. i just wish it could have been longer and had more gameplay mechanics. reason being that this world is made so enjoyable by the atmosphere and the controls. having the ability to pick things up and interact with the environment is just so refreshing...but again, i just wish there was more stuff to play with. i imagine a future iteration of this game being 10+ hours and having lots of collectibles,interactive environment to a point where you can pick things up to use as weapons and other, special uses. a more expanise world...i mean...the parts where the camera pulls back revealing what's around you are breathtaking...espeically the part outside, climbing up the chain on the outside of that boat!!! i'm just left wanting more and continuosly exploring the potential that this kind of game has to offer... 8/10UPDATE: The first installment of the DLC wasn't as impressive as the main game. Hopefully the next few will be a bit more interesting and longer? First part is around 1 hour..."
,Recommended,424840,33447291,Posted: 10 July,all,Vik_king1,Little Nightmare it has a lot to offer as you can see it not a 2D platformed game but rather 3D with a feel of 2D side scroller game. This game is very linear and puzzle solving time. Some puzzle require you to be stealthy and quick and some is just about using your brain power. Overall this game has good potential and can’t wait to play the DLC as soon as I’m done with the normal story.See the quick gameplay of it.https://youtu.be/_MzVgBRp3Ds
76561198042362117,Recommended,424840,33439438,Posted: 10 July,all,NonBinaryAsthmatic,"I really do love this game, and I hope for more content too. Little Nightmares is amazing and has so many dark twists and characters to go face to face with.I am no good at writing reviews but I'd recommend this 100%. There are so many pros but there is 1 con that I would like to be seen to about; the steering of your character via console controller.The controls are slow and do not want to agree where you want to walk or sprint to for example: you're running away from the janitor and somehow you stop and can't move, your character constantly trips over or slows down and you always get caught. Sometimes the character does what you want it to do... (kind of a love/hate relationship with your controller and your character).Overall it's a great game with amazing concept!10/10 would Climb, jump, trip, get eaten and die again"
,Recommended,424840,31512517,Posted: 2 May,all,Royal22,"definitely a great game, totally worth the money. playtime depends on how fast you go though the game but i went though my first playthrough in about 4 hours, then replayed it to get all collectibles."
76561198113817234,Recommended,424840,31512698,Posted: 2 May,all,Dustylunchbox™🃏,"Wonderful game. The graphics are clear and crisp, the atmosphere is electric."
76561198117221564,Recommended,424840,31511751,Posted: 2 May,all,P is for princess,"If you loved inside then you will love this game. However if you want your games super long then don't buy it, I beat it in less than three hours."
,Recommended,424840,31510020,Posted: 2 May,all,Sgt.Derp. #FouchingRatard,"Not gonna lie here, im often broke. which means i rarly buy games that i dont know much about or arent on sale.I Was a little drunk and has some money laying around on steam and i saw this, bored i bought it with full intendtions of killing a hour on it and then refunding it.this turned out to not be the case.growing up i was a huge reader. nothing impressive i just read alot. and this game really took me back to the pages of such classics as the BFG and the borrowers (and some insperation from Lemony Snicket) Books where the main character is a child, a innocent little welp braving a cold and harsh world where everything is out to devour you like sainsbury bar.the games platforming is really intuitive and relys on the players reaction time and instincts rather than how long you can sit and stare at a puzzle before googling it.the only problem i have with the game is the ending, it didnt make much sense to me or the message it tried to convay (If any at all this ending srsly confused me) but everything leading up to it was pretty gold.Another complaint is this game is a free form plaformer with a sidways liner style. which means that the game is 3D so it had free form depth but the camera is positioned to simulated 2D platforming. meaning that being able to tell if your hidden or are gonna make a jump is often very difficult. i wish this game had a HUD indicator that the player was hidden (Similer to the watch in Metro 2033) but i digress,the atmosphere is breathtaking and the design of the monster is creepy but not overblown, the puzzles were easy so doing them would not hurt the quick pacing of the game but not so easy to be insulting.this game was one of my favorite books."
76561198006968912,Recommended,424840,31512374,Posted: 2 May,all,firth,"The atmosphere, music choice and character/level design is brilliant, my only complaint is i wish there was more! You will be paying £15 for around 3 hours (4 if you really take your time)."
76561198035256238,Recommended,424840,31515433,Posted: 2 May,all,entropicmyopic,"Neat little horror/puzzle/stealth/platformer.  Great horror aesthetic, reminiscent of old Tool music videos.  Decently clever level and puzzle design, working through each room offered a good challenge but rarely presented an unpassable challenge.  Still, a bit thin--somewhat short (2-3 hours), one-note mechanics (do you like dragging things and climbing on things?) and a world that, while full of flesh, fails to be fleshed out.  And one of the biggest nightmares in the game is the checkpoint system that often forces you to replay 1-2 minute sections that, while exciting the first time through, remind you of the funhouse/haunted house nature of the game, completely break immersion, and can often just be downright frustrating.Recommended, but at the price that's right for you for a mostly enjoyable 2-3 hour experience.(Also, people sensative to motion sickness might be advised that the entire game tilts back and forth on a boat.  Sitting here writing this after a fairly long session, the Steam window seems to be tilting back and forth ever so slightly--those who have spent time on a boat will know the feeling.)"
76561198068388293,Recommended,424840,31516936,Posted: 2 May,all,Marc The Heretic,It's a fantastic game and if you liked Playdead's Limbo or Inside you'll enjoy it too. Same mechanics and length but it looks like a stop motion Tim Burton movie with a bit of Spirited Away.
76561198364348644,Recommended,424840,31517880,Posted: 2 May,all,sdle128,"One of the best immersive expiriences ive had in a game ever. Incredible artwork, mind blowing story and you truly come to love the protagonist... at least at first. Best game ive played so far in 2017 easily."
76561198038234026,Recommended,424840,31517637,Posted: 2 May,all,I 3N3MY I,"If you like short games about kids in peril (Limbo), then I don't see how you couldn't like this.Great atmosphere and soundtrack. Story is a bit ambiguous, but extremely malevolent the entire time.Puzzles are simple and the game moves along at a nice clip.I wanted to wait for a sale because I hate paying 20 bucks for such a short game, but I was too impatient to wait."
,Recommended,424840,31517780,Posted: 2 May,all,Mujahideen,"I absolutely loved this game. love the characters, the mood, artstyle, everything. The only thing that I hated was how short it was.Please please please add more content!"
,Recommended,424840,31513488,Posted: 2 May,all,bassmannings,"needs a pc upgrade to play if you have an older amd cpu. the game requires a cpu capable of utilizing the SSE 4.1 code, or you can try to hack it using the steps provided in the appropraiate Discussion group. when its running it's cute and creepy at the same time"
,Recommended,424840,31516123,Posted: 2 May,all,SirBittle,"A dark, atmospheric game that is reminiscent of Limbo or INSIDE. Add in a little stealth gameplay where you use your small size to your advantage, climbing up bookshelves and hiding in dark corners from monstrous men and women. I love it. I only wish it was longer."
76561198123392796,Recommended,424840,31515756,Posted: 2 May,all,Metapuns,"This game is everything I had hoped it to be and more!I would say it's most prominent feature is it's atmosphere. This game makes you feel lost in an empty room by all the little details hidden about and the tone of every area. I found myself spending time just observing the various monsters faced throughout the adventure, pondering what makes them look so... Chillingly disturbing. Every chapter feels familiar, yet exciting like a new experience. I was progressing, getting more and more anxious for the fantastic ending. Fantastic it was indeed. I would rate this game a solid 10 if it wasn't for one major draw back... I understand that to make such an absolute MASTERPIECE of a game, a lot of time, effort, and money is put in but... This game did feel short, unfortunately. It left me satisfied but still wanting more. What happened to the monsters? Who are they? What are they? It was pretty hard to accept the (UGH, unskippable) credits when I was ready for so much more...In summary, this game feels like a mix between Inside, Beyond the Sleep, and Spirited Away. It is a FANTASTIC experience with perfect game mechanics and graphics, just far too short (3-5 hours to complete) for the price tag..."
76561198129995261,Recommended,424840,31513765,Posted: 2 May,all,SweatyBananas19,Best bang for your buck!!
76561198022563651,Recommended,424840,31408893,Posted: 27 April,all,Wesuwius,"For 20 smackaroos game is a bit too short, but holy hell what a ride it is. Best sidescroller I've played so far.BUT. Why in the .... end credits are in super slow motion and you can't skip em? WHY? Had to crash the damn game to quit it. It's 2017 and we don't need that kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t anymore."
76561198009973920,Recommended,424840,31528231,Posted: 3 May,all,Bredera - Devil Flower Mantis,"amazing little game, great atmosphere, great music, great style, awesome gameplay and cool character designs. only negative is that it is kinda short, would love for it to last longer (hoping for some kind of dlc ^^) to jump back into this amazing and intriguing world!"
,Recommended,424840,31531283,Posted: 3 May,all,Cudg,"The masterful design of this game shows in it's haunting clay-like visuals, eerie yet beautiful audio, and simple yet solid gameplay. This game was short (5hrs) but sweet. It makes me wish we saw this kind of artful quality in small packages more often. Its gameplay is reminiscent of games like Limbo and Inside but I almost hate to compare it to those games because it is offering so much more atmosphere than even they do. It's a puzzle game about escaping at its core but it’s wrapped up in this wonderfully dank, oldtimey, coastal-antique setting. The environments just ooze personality and everything in them comes with a good sense of weight and presence. I just love seeing games come out that look this utterly unique. I would easily recommend it to anyone looking for an atmospheric game but if you really want something to play for a long period of time you might be disappointed by the 5 hour playthrough. Honestly though, with the quality of this game I can easily call it worth 20 dollars."
76561198009384358,Recommended,424840,31530166,Posted: 3 May,all,01010001,"I reluctantly give this a thumbs up. The artistic styling is great, but it lacks something I can't quite put my finger on. I beat it in only 4 hours, might have been less if I really rushed things. It's one of those games you probably won't play again after beating it since there will be no surprises. I enjoyed INSIDE much more and highly recommend it over this game."
,Recommended,424840,31544025,Posted: 4 May,all,Jinx Quinzel,Atmospheric horror no cheesy jump scares. This little nightmare can go from subtle to intense in a moments notice and in my opinion its worth every penny.
76561197970613143,Recommended,424840,31542213,Posted: 4 May,all,Eyekon,"Incredible game, perfect art style, creepy characters and just the right length for the price in my opinion and leaves you with so many questions. I've come up with my own theory :) It's a bit out there I must warn you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of0xG2oO_UY"
,Recommended,424840,31535069,Posted: 3 May,all,cmodYT,If you like games like limbo and inside you will definately enjoy this game!https://youtu.be/IujYdjyXSGA
,Recommended,424840,31531004,Posted: 3 May,all,WashedUp,A good game with an amazing story.
76561197969207498,Recommended,424840,31536449,Posted: 3 May,all,robosan,"What an amazing little game. It is short, but packed with quality. It's mostly level puzzles. It never overburdens you with the same puzzle or challenge to solve. The controls are easy to pick up, I used a PS4 controler. While is does have it's challenging moments, I never felt frustrated. That being said, it doesn't hold your hand and point at everything as if to say, ""did you get that!?"" like many modern games want to do. I like this, it adds mystery and ended up allowing me to conclude my own narrative. I left asking, ""Why do I hug the little dudes?"" ""Why did Ieat that one?""The art style and music is simply amazing. $20 is well worth it, heck I spend that much on a 12 pack and got far more enjoyment out of this! It even has a slight replay value. There are some things I didn't find in my first play through and will be diving back in to see what I missed."
76561198170950513,Recommended,424840,31529889,Posted: 3 May,all,SkG,"Short review.This game is quite special in its design and the fact that there is no HUD whatsoever really makes this look like an animation rather than a ""normal"" game.Its a bit spooky but not a hardcore horror game that will make you fall from the chair. I doubt thats the intention though. Its hard to get what the plot or game at all really is about and that too is making it more interresting than having it all figured out from the start.One thing you should know however is that its quite short (very) and wont last many hours, 3,9h in my case. Since the game is cheap I dont think thats a huge issue and I think that it would be boring to play it a lot longer than it last but dont expect it to last very long and also there is no real value of replaying it.There is also some minor bugs making it hard to execute some of the actions the way they are meant to be done leading to you sometimes giving up searching for other ways to continue when in fact you allready had it right but failed to execute.Pros:GraphicsLack of HUDOverall designOriginal artwork and styleSimple control schemeCons:ShortSometimes buggy actions/controlsSome save locations really could have been elsewhere"
,Recommended,424840,31547644,Posted: 4 May,all,K1T,I was waiting for this game and I wasnt disappointed. Its exacltly what I expected! Amazing game!but short.
76561198080414262,Recommended,424840,31533382,Posted: 3 May,all,larlarghost,"Absolutley loved the game, the atmostphere, the eerie BGM's, and the way you have to think to solve the puzzles.But unfortunately, the game is so short give, wish there was more after the 5 chapters. for this game's over all I'd give it a 7/10."
76561198042398656,Recommended,424840,31519234,Posted: 2 May,all,Skamper  Gunallen,"The game has incredible visuals, only one big complaint. Every single time you get caught, it's much faster to return to main menu and press continue than wait for the entire death animation to happen, that's all I am going to say. This trend that has been rising to make 10 second long death animations and 5 second long respawn animation is starting to get on my nerves."
,Recommended,424840,31534525,Posted: 3 May,all,II,"I like this game, the story is very nice"
,Recommended,424840,31535965,Posted: 3 May,all,Satan,The ending tho...Pros--Great Gameplay-Good Graphics-Spooky atmosphere-Creepy StoryCons--Too shortyeah thats pretty much it
76561198143587192,Recommended,424840,31542024,Posted: 4 May,all,Niklauswurst,"Little Nightmares... It´s a game that´s cute and innovative... but 20$ for about 4 hours of gameplay is for most students to much. It has a cute design, lets enough space to think about a own story how u got there and it has pretty nice enemys and Spikeheads ;DI think Little Nightmares is a good game that has to get more attention, but 20$/4h = 5$ per hour, thats way to much for most kids, but if you are rich and got ♥♥♥♥♥es enough, U GOTTA BUY THIS GAME !"
,Recommended,424840,31532771,Posted: 3 May,all,Russ12356789,Very atmospheric and good time killing game.
76561198218882280,Recommended,424840,31531937,Posted: 3 May,all,JKTheTerrible,"This game is amazing, I can't quite put my finger on it. It hits me in so many right ways, a little bit short not worth the money but still worth to play the game so i give a  9/10"
,Recommended,424840,31531386,Posted: 3 May,all,Frone,"Great game in all aspects.Great gameplay, visuals, storyline, music, controls, etc...I would just recommend anyone to play this with a controller. I died many times because the keyboard+mouse controls are a little bit clunky IMO.The game's a lil bit too short. I'm dying to play more of this.8/10"
76561197978126167,Recommended,424840,31531683,Posted: 3 May,all,ticklemebender,"10/10.A short game it may be, but it can teach AAA titles a thing or two. Simple and beautiful."
76561198342832742,Recommended,424840,31813906,Posted: 17 May,all,iAmAnAlien95,Absolutely worth the buy! Little nightmares is a horrific game with alot of hidden meaning behind the story. I hope there is a sequal in the future!
,Recommended,424840,31813542,Posted: 17 May,all,borkalot,Bork!!
76561198310199698,Recommended,424840,31815415,Posted: 17 May,all,JackRabbitSlim,game was amazing. loved everything baout it. the artwork that went along with the gameplay was the cherry on the chocolate fudge sunday supreme.
76561198120346922,Recommended,424840,31837782,Posted: 19 May,all,PapaSquat64,"The game is only four hours long, at it's price it may seem like its not worth it, half price would probably be more appropriate.BUT! this game is so amazingly charming and creative. The enemies have exaggerated characteristics that make them so memorable. the spooks are tastefully done with this horror game.  no jumpscares or cheap tricks. and the atmosphere is KILLER! there were a couple points in the game where i was just standing in a room looking at all the little details around me since everything is so attractive. i really appreciate this game, and now that ive played it, i dont mind the fact that i payed full price.on a side note, i personally think the length of the game is perfect. theres not much you as a character can do except climb, run, and hide, so any longer could feel repetitive."
76561198070205258,Recommended,424840,31834777,Posted: 18 May,all,Ecstro,Finished within 4.6 hours. I tried to gather some more lady pots but there are paths that are really hard to get into.
76561198043543416,Recommended,424840,31829865,Posted: 18 May,all,Roboute Gillaman,Best game I'v played since Final Fantasy 7. Very beautiful! Well done guys! You made a real gem here!
76561198130639778,Recommended,424840,31500380,Posted: 1 May,all,Starfish,If you've ever wanted to play your nightmares this is it. Filled with scenes of death and creatures created by some sick F*cks!
,Recommended,424840,31489217,Posted: 1 May,all,Esteban,"This might be one of my favorite games of all time.I had high expectations from the trailers I saw and I would say the game delivered in every single way.The only thing that ruined the experience for me was the fact that a lot of the content didn't seem to make it past the cutting room.The red ""bell boy"" they showed at  GamesCom 2016 wasn't in the game. And as far as I know a lot of scenes from the ""Nine Deaths of Six Trailer"" aren't in the game either.Maybe if those parts were still in the game people wouldn't complain as much about the length vs price."
76561198170757230,Recommended,424840,31489251,Posted: 1 May,all,hyperion0510,"The curtain falls a little too soon on this often terrifying yet gripping and enthralling adventure. That does mean though that Little Nightmares never runs out of ideas, and every new segment feels fresh and new and has a well-balanced contrast between curiosity and trepidation. The game does suffer from some mild worldly interactions issues and clippings, and it may not cast a light on the shadows cast by the likes of Limbo and Inside, but Little Nightmare’s audio design and visual tone makes it distinctive in its own merit. The journey to the games conclusion is full of unsettling questions and the unnerving level designs keeps the short experience an intoxicating and truly terrifying experience."
76561198044656982,Recommended,424840,31505620,Posted: 2 May,all,THE LAST GOONIE,"It's a good game though it's very short!It's limbo but with some colour and deph though you can't help but feel that they we flaggin a little towards the end with regrads to the story.All in all if you like an indie game and you liked limbo then this is for you, I would however wait for the £15 price to drop as for a four hour game with little replay its not really worth the price (IMO)."
76561198262441881,Recommended,424840,31505359,Posted: 2 May,all,Teegan,"It was a lot of fun. It was short but honestly, I was so scared during the last few parts of the game that I was glad it ended quickly before I peed my pants. I would definitely play it again!!!!!!"
76561198060175742,Recommended,424840,31515000,Posted: 2 May,all,The Swedish Jon,"-Outstanding Graphics-Gets your heart pumping-Charming in its own creepy way-Gives that LIMBO vibe-Great soundtrackVery good game. However, the price is pretty high for something thats around three and a half hours max to complete. Wish the DLC had more to it other than little masks to wear on your character. Hoping that the price goes down, and people that purchased this indie game for $20 could get more bang for their buck and recieve possible DLC in the future to equal out the price. (Doubt thats going to happen but one can wish(:) Do I reccommend? Yes, and no. Yes the game is great, but not for the price for such a short game."
,Recommended,424840,31515106,Posted: 2 May,all,Captain Lieutenant Dan,"Played and completed it in what barely felt like a sitting. It's good, a bit janky at parts and is way too short. Don't buy it for this price."
,Recommended,424840,31514008,Posted: 2 May,all,TapBlue,"for such a short game, i was captivated from the get go. loved every minute of it."
76561197996051788,Recommended,424840,31514505,Posted: 2 May,all,VASC,"Simply put, we need more games like this. Amazing game."
,Recommended,424840,31514380,Posted: 2 May,all,ThatBroquestKing,"Little Nightmares is an excellent little puzzle platformer in much the same vein as Limbo and Inside, in that you are dropped into the role of a small, weak child and tasked with navigating a hostile landscape with the aim of escaping the various nefarious forces around you.  While its puzzles and its platforming never quite reach the levels of the aforementioned games, stylistically it blows both of them completely out of the water.  The sound, level, and creature design are all top notch, making it very easy for the player to feel fully immersed in this morbid little fairy tale.If I were to be generous, I could say that Little Nightmares is a game that doesn't outstay its welcome.  However, at a scant three hours long (or less, depending on player skill), I cannot help feeling that I really wanted to spend at least a couple hours more in this fantastically eerie world the developers have crafted.  While I personally do not regret the money I spent, for anyone on the fence about this game I would recommend waiting for a sale to drop the price tag to a somewhat more palatable level.To sum things up, Little Nightmares makes up for in sheer style and production value what it somewhat lacks compared to its puzzle platformer contemporaries, and is a must-play for anyone with a love of horrific visuals and dark storytelling--though perhaps not at the current asking price.  For those without much interest in any of the above, or those looking for a lengthy, challenging platformer, I recommend looking elsewhere to get your fix."
