user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,425240,34187280,Posted: 12 August,all,Smug Sell Wallet For Paypal %%%,They sent me a coupon and fooled me to pay them money again for the same broken♥♥♥♥♥♥game I already owned just under a slightly different name. got trolled 10/10
,Not Recommended,425240,33849182,Posted: 27 July,all,Ser LeBronn of the Black,"Prewarning: If you haven't played the original Pressure, than I would recommend this to you.But... Despite there being no information that this was a remake of the original game on the store page, EVEN THE INTRO IS THE SAME... Also there are less upgrades than in the original game, the only things that are noticibly different are:- The fact that pressure is almost irrelevant now. You don't need to rush through it so there is no real action in the game anymore.- Also the mechanic where you can aim, which pretty much could have been in an update.The original was more fun than this... Even though I only spent $2 on this (After the 80% off coupon from owning the original game) it was a waste of my money."
,Recommended,425240,33840981,Posted: 27 July,all,NoxiousPluK,"Pressure Overdrive is a classic wearing a fancy new suit, and it's great to have it back - imo better than ever!Pros:- Great price!- Lots of new content (weapons and other items, endless mode, bosses, etc)- Plays really well, fast paced game- Local co-op- Fun campaign- Great audio - love the soundtrack, and the fake french voices are cheesy but fun- Great developers, worth sponsoring them!- Trading cardsCons:- No online multiplayer anymoreSo, let's put this first: Pressure Overdrive isn't new-new.Pressure was released in 2013 and published by Topware Interactive.After a fight between the game studio not having enough creative freedom and the publisher, they won the rights to Pressure.Chasing Carrots basically rewrote the entire game based on the Unity engine to make it cross-platform, and it is much better than the original with lots new content.Sadly we also lost the online multiplayer. Some would argue it was cumbersome and unstable while others say it worked great - I for myself never used the online multiplayer so I won't be missing it.There is a vague promise in the discussion groups that ~maybe they will re-add it in the future, but they were out of budget to include it right now. If they ever decide to add it, that would be a great plus!So far I'm very impressed by the little game studio that could. They fought a big publisher and won, re-released the game themselves and made it better and have so far been responding to players pretty quickly by things like removing Unity's hardware survey phone home on the day after release.I think they did the right thing, and I wish them the best!On the gameplay:Pressure Overdrive has a fun story, plays really well even on low-end hardware and is a fast paced mix between a racing game and a twin stick top-down shooter.It's a lot of fun to read the crazy descriptions as you go trough the levels, upgrade your vehicle and unravel the story. There is a lot of dynamic in deciding on upgrades, and there is no 'ultimate best' goal, but a lot of different possible strategies.The humor is cheesy and old skool fun. It won't make you laugh your brains out, but it might keep you entertained long enough to get trough to the end.It's sad that the multiplayer is gone, but I personally won't miss it. It's great to find original games like this that are build to have a fun singleplayer campain.And there are a few nice multiplayer features left, like the online scoreboards for each track.So the big question is, is Pressure Overdrive worth it's price?I personally got it 80% off because I owned the original, and I'm not sure if I would have gotten it at full price (since it doesn't add much value over the original, which is no longer for sale) - but if you are coming here and the game is new to you, I would definitely consider buying it.In my book it's worth a solid 4.5/5 in a pricerange like this one - and it has many hours of guaranteed fun."
,Recommended,425240,33793182,Posted: 25 July,all,soooperspeed ®,ok .. just a quick go of the gameand there is good and bad so farthe game is very very similar too the original gamebut is graphicly nicer and looks better in loads of waysBUTthe control set up is WEIRD and hard too deal withand feels like controls from the 80's and 90's gameshaving accelerate on the up button or up analouge IS REALLY hard and makes you go all over the placeand this is a bad thing this can be fixed by adding keyboard/controller configurations in the menuesso you can make custom setupsalso the boost button is the left trigger .. so hard too cope with thatoverall with this super early review more of a quick playthe game is good and has good potenential too be greatjust a few minor tweaks and it it will be perfectif you liked the original pressure you will like thisthe controller and keyboard issues will be sorted im sure8/10 will review this  again soon
,Recommended,425240,33805909,Posted: 26 July,all,ZHERNE sɴʀ,"Awesome remake of the original! Nicer graphics, runs a lot smoother and better on Predator x34 1440p then the original..(But No Extra Wide Support)I've noticed that default controls are a lot nicer, especially if you're using Steam controller - Nice improvement!"
76561198014587718,Recommended,425240,33804809,Posted: 26 July,all,scratchy,Thanks for day-1 linux support!
,Not Recommended,425240,34866925,Posted: 10 September,all,Billco Tabarnak!,"A remake of the original Pressure, this is basically the same glorified arcade-style rail shooter with nicer graphics.  Aside from the art though, the gameplay is really dull.There are several major flaws to point out.  One is the very repetitive and uninteresting nature of the levels: they're all more or less the same, with slight variances in enemy types, but there is nothing memorable about them.  It makes me wonder why I have to ""drive"" at all, since they're all just a straight line up (with wobbly edges).  Yes, sometimes there are ""turns"" but 99% of the time you just keep pressing forward and the camera turns quickly enough that your car straightens itself out.Another problem is the limited number of upgrades/parts.  They are all very dull and don't have a significant impact on your gameplay.  I would have preferred more varied choices and effects that build upon each other, to let me build a truly zany buggy with unique gameplay.  Even a fully-upgraded weapon still feels weak and ineffective.To top it all off, there is only a finite amount of gold to be earned, so replaying older levels doesn't earn you another few hundred gold.  There is a set number of coins in the level, and once you've collected them all, that's all you get.  This is a particularly vile issue because you sell unwanted upgrades at a loss, yet can't grind to make up the deficit, so unless you know exactly what you want on your buggy, you will waste money and get frustrated because those upgrades aren't cheap.  Once again, it points to the creators' poor understanding of gameplay design, as a game with finite money does not require - not should it ever have - a money sink.Overall, it's a shiny, briefly entertaining shooter, but its gameplay flaws severely limit replay value.  I deleted it after about an hour, and won't be coming back.  I'm glad I got a very generous coupon discount, because this really isn't worth more than the 2-3$ I paid."
,Recommended,425240,33830489,Posted: 27 July,all,Kronberg,"Video with gameplay:https://youtu.be/DtyuoIP0vW0Review:This is a very addictive, yet funny and challening game with lot of content, many upgrades and even the story/plot is good. I think the price is alright compared to what you get, this is a little arcade kind of game you can spend lot of time in and have lots of fun, this game is both for kids and grown ups honestly :)+ Lot of content+ Great upgrade system+ Good looking game (graphics)+ Lovely characters (+story)+ Easy to control and get started, hard to master ;-)"
,Recommended,425240,34065381,Posted: 6 August,all,Walking Rocketship,So far so goodI played the previous version with someone who isn't that into games and played on easy but we still kept running out of pressure which isn't an issue in this versionAlso this game being re-sold isn't a scam in this case unlike some other games. This one is for a valid reason.
76561197970558615,Recommended,425240,33962624,Posted: 1 August,all,BBBrox,"More ROBOTRON 2084 than RIVER RAID.Wow, this is a real Twin Stick Shooter... if that's what you're looking for then the game is very good.   Not what I was expecting.   It does not play like a 'regular' racing vehicle combat game.   At first I wanted trigger controls for gas/brake... like a racing game (and I believe like the original game).  Can't remap the controls, so I gave it a try 'as is'.  As soon as I got the idea that this plays like an old school twin stick shooter... then I began to enjoy.   Really enjoying it now.  Can't comment on depth of gameplay yet, but wanted to write based on my initial 'wants' compared to what the game actually is."
,Recommended,425240,33903304,Posted: 30 July,all,TheLastStarf1ghter,"I've enjoyed the game so far.  It's one of those games that when I have 15 minutes and I want to play a game, I'll play a level.This would be a good couch and controller game."
,Not Recommended,425240,34093798,Posted: 7 August,all,Buff Orpington,"This is a definite improvement over the original Overdrive, but it still isn't a good or memorable game. Everything is forgettable and the core gameplay (pseudo-racing/twin-stick shooter) gets samey and monotonous after an hour or so. I finished the story mode on hard and level 30+ in endless mode in around six hours. There weren't any real hard sections in the story and I ended up killing myself in endless mode because the game couldn't do it after 80 minutes. There's good enemy variety and the varied upgrades provide a lot of choice in car loadouts, but that's where the positives end, really. I picked this up for 2.49 with coupon, and that's about a fair price in my book."
,Recommended,425240,33800427,Posted: 25 July,all,愛 Peekajew :3 | xygaming.com,"Good Game, suitable for kids and teens who enjoys a casual gaming.An upgrade for the original Pressure.Pros:--Updated graphic.-Nicely done UI.-Simple yet fun game mechanics.Cons:--None so far. (I'll update later)I got this with 95% discount (Game discount + Coupon)Buy it when on sale."
76561198038805310,Recommended,425240,33897959,Posted: 29 July,all,Dooomed,Great game with better performance then the old Pressure.I had fun for an hour+ . Will return to play more later.
,Recommended,425240,33916097,Posted: 30 July,all,Rob-P,"Love the Game!Pros:1) Artwork/graphics2) Replay of levels (I enjoy the replayabilty and improving my gold haul)3) Various combinations to upgrade your buggy & 3-levels per upgrade.4) Smooth game-play5) Achivements are not impossible (nor luck based).FAVORITE POWER-UP: Love Bug.- Honorable mention: double DamageCons:1) In Keyboard/mouse-mode the keyboard controls are very responsive.  You need to get used to maneuvering the buggy.2) Cursor: Can't change the cursor color or shape3) Power-up:  The drops type (rapid fire, double damage, unstopable, Love Bug, etc) seem to be random (but maybe I don't know how to get the drop to be what I want)4) BOSS: Sometimes it's hard to figure out what is required to defeat the boss.  It requires a Google search to watch a viedo to understand.  There should be some in-game explaination of the triggering/weakness required for defating the boss (e.g., ""shoot at the tiny yellow wheels"", etc)Overall, this is a wonderful game.  The game allows the player to customize the buggy in various ways which leads to experimenting and tuning the game to a player's style (Is your play style to shoot, or ram enemy cars?  Do you prefer fine tune shooting, or a space/scatter shot approach that doesn't require precision?)"
,Recommended,425240,33978802,Posted: 2 August,all,Abandor,"Already played this game at various events :-) Liked it then, love it now!Hard to imagine why nobody came up with this cool combination of racing game and twin-stick shooter before!Awesome, recommended!"
,Recommended,425240,33877684,Posted: 29 July,all,NeX,"Note: This review is sort of a comparison to first Pressure game.I expected this to be a continuation of the story, however this seems to be a remake (so far, all the cut-scenes are the same)Game is significally more complex. Different upgrades to different things. Before you could simply upgrade the Buggy, max weapons and rampage through levels. This game makes sure you undertand what you need in which levels, as different slots do different things and the gameplay can vary a lot depending how you upgrade your buggy.5 levels into the game, difficulty seems to be increased. Until you grasp the new driving abilities and coordinate driving and shooting (unlike in first game where buggy always shoot forward, in this game you control the shooting with the mouse), you will most likely have to retry some levels for a few times.Overall, game is great, runs smoothly and narrative is a good addition. 7.5/10I did have a crash after the second cut-scene, but game is still new so it's probably gonna be fixed soon."
,Recommended,425240,33897582,Posted: 29 July,all,WidescreenRules,"I will admit that I never heard of the original game before this remake, and that's okay. This is a fun game.The main driver (pun intended) for the game is ""pressure"" (cue Billy Joel), which is another euphemism for ""energy"". Basically, your vehicle needs pressure to move and fire. It's a regenerative resource, but if you shoot for too long without destroying any enemies your pressure will run low. Alternately, destroying enemies will help to replenish your pressure levels. We've seen this type of gameplay a million times before. That's not a criticism; I'm just setting the expectation of how it's played.The graphics are nicely polished with a high frame rate, and the vehicle is far more customizable than I would have otherwise thought. You can even put weapons or other resources *under* the car, in addition to front, back, and sides. The weapon variation is both cute and in some cases quite clever. But since money is limited, you need to be careful of what you choose.And therein lies a BIG problem that I have with this game. Unlike games like the LEGO games where you can go back to previous levels with whatever you've upgraded with along the way, the developers have locked down previous levels to the amount of money that you had at the time you played the level. Even in the so called ""free play"" mode, you can't bring an upgraded vehicle from a later level. This is done (to quote one of the devs) for a sense of ""balance"", which I think is ridiculous. Balance? This isn't a competitive multiplayer game! It's a solo/co-op game! Balance is definitely needed in competitive multiplayer, but in a solo game? That feels like unnecessary difficulty for the sake of unnecessary difficulty. There is also no option even after the campaign is finished to replay levels as you want.This is the kind of game that screams for letting the players go in like ""You got me last time, but look at the leveled-up monstrosity I'm bringing back to fight you guys with THIS time! MWA HA HA HA HAAAAAAA!"" That was the expectation I had going into the game. Based on the various community messages that were left, others had that expectation, too. If you have that expectation for this game, you'll be sorely disappointed as I was.[EDIT: The devs said that some achievements are linked to this method of gameplay, but they'll see what they can do about implementing a LEGO-like ""free play"" feature. WOO!!]Still, it's a fun game, although some of the bosses are really, really annoying at first. The levels are extremely polished, the gameplay is a lot of fun - minus the ""balance"" issue I mentioned above -  and it's a fun way to kill some time. The price isn't all that huge either. (Spare me the idiotic arguments that try to equate dollars spent with hours played -- they're NOT related.) If you enjoy your fun, quirky, arcade racers, you'll enjoy this. Don't expect to be able to replay levels with more advanced vehicles as you progress."
,Recommended,425240,33861893,Posted: 28 July,all,(Cpt) 幸运,"Hello!I have not played much of Pressure Overdrive (16 minutes to be exact).However, It's actually a really fun little game for the price or a just a gooddowntime kind of game. so yeh, overall a solid 8/10 and yeh i would recommendxDDiedASurvivor."
,Recommended,425240,33803685,Posted: 26 July,all,oldfunker,2 bucks for the graphic update for owners of Pressure. This is OK.Game runs a lot smoother. Top.
,Recommended,425240,35109231,Posted: 21 September,all,x2ruff4u,I'm very picky with games since I'm older. XCOM 2 and Dragon age about the only games I'll play or similar. Some mobile games catch my attention when I need to pass time. This one provided me with what I needed and had fun playing it too. I like difficult games so this was enough for me. Price is too high for what it's worth so I would say about $6 or less would be perfect. Try it out for 2 hours and maybe you'll see what's fun about it. Interesting mechanics to hold your attention at least for me. 7.5/10
,Not Recommended,425240,34442867,Posted: 23 August,all,-{MuM}-BassmasterV6,no Online CO-OP
76561197970560724,Not Recommended,425240,34048426,Posted: 5 August,all,Hallak65,"Fun game for 2.60 Euro, but for more? Nah.TIP: Buy rockets and  lighting for your butt and upgrade them. Put on some music, hit W and enjoy your ride. On normal mode it is 4-5 hour of game play.It needs more maps, more humor, and more balaced weapons. And really needs to the selling price will be equal to the buying price, to try out new setups.But I liked the boss fights. It was taught first, but when you saw the pattern, it is easy. But for this, you need 4-5 runs"
,Not Recommended,425240,33830714,Posted: 27 July,all,Dutchious,"Why did Pressure have multiplayer but Pressure Overdrive doesn't have it!??!?!Edit: The ""Online"" feature worked perfectly, however the ""LAN"" feature didn't work. But who cares?If you want to play LAN you can just start an online server, it's basically the same."
