user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,425220,30837071,Posted: 30 March,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"If you’re looking for a fighter with a solid, interesting roster, then One Piece: Burning Blood is right up your alley. But, if you seek story and new insight from your anime-based games, you will be left wanting.PROS+Great roster with lots of variety.+Combat dynamic is well executed+Simplistic Controls+Well-designed Characters+Frantic action and tons of eye candy during battle+Overall cel-shaded presentation is very true to the manga and anime+Tutorials & simple-to-remember controls make for accessible fighting actionCons-Short campaign's story-Repetitive even for a fighting game-30fps lock-New players will be completely lost with the story-The camera view during gameplay allows for bigger characters to cover too much of the screen-AI can be unbelievably dumb at times-Random difficulty spikes make completing certain objectives a frustrating chore-Story recaps the events of the series in a way that's incomprehensible to the uninitiatedIt goes without saying that existing fans will get the most out of this one, but fighting game enthusiasts should still find some fun in exploring the nuances of the title's combat system. On the surface, Burning Blood is an accessible brawler that's built on a pretty standard rock-paper-scissors foundation: quick, normal combos beat guard breaking attacks to the punch, guard breakers smash through your foe's defences, and blocking nullifies regular blows. It's simple stuff at first, but once you factor in perfectly timed guards, sidesteps, heavy guard breakers, unique special attacks, and aerial offensives, things quickly become much more complex.In terms of combat, One Piece Burning Blood does a good job of empowering you with spectacular fighting skills, no matter which character you opt for. In the same vein as the aforementioned Naruto games or the recent Saint Seiya brawlers, you take your chosen character(s) into battle, and attempt to put together a successful series of attacks.With Square and Triangle as your main attacks, things feel pretty comfortable within moments, but the addition of ranged attacks, special moves, guard-breaks, tag moves called Unity Assists and Breaks, and the powerful Awakened state add extra depth that could easily have been missing. It’s never going to trouble any of the more technical 3D fighters, but there’s still a lot to grasp.There are intense difficulty spikes at points in the campaign, which often rob proceedings of their fun, and I wasn’t sure whether the fact that every character levels up with use – they’ll still advance slowly without it – meant that I was simply at a disadvantage from the off.One Piece: Burning Blood suffers from one of the worst things you can these days, repetitiveness. It’s evident in the gameplay, the story mode, and even the characters you fight while playing online. The top tier has kind of already been established, and players are quick to flock to it because they want a win. Ultimately your victories are won because you played better defense than your opponent, which runs counter to the bombastic nature of the One Piece series. Sure you can throw out all the wild attacks you want, and they’ll look really cool, but they’re also easily avoidable, and counterable. The lack of depth is what kills what should have been a really fun game, and that’s a shame because the effort to make this game beautiful is there, it’s just a shame the gameplay didn’t receive the same effort.Final Verdict: 2.5/5 passableI'm not a fan of One Piece: Burning Blood and it's not because of the unfamiliar source material. The combat here just isn't that fun, and no amount of colorful anime action will change that.While One Piece: Burning Blood may look pretty, offer some nice content and a bizarre cast  it wasn’t enough to keep me interested. I can’t even imagine fans of the anime would get much out of this release, especially as this is just the latest entry in a long line of games based on this franchise."
76561198161069012,Not Recommended,425220,33422666,Posted: 9 July,all,Superbro64,"- Locked to 30 FPS- Alt tabbing while in full screen will force windowed mode. You will have to go into settings to revert this- Constant online connection issues.- FMV cutscenes can audio desync- The art style for this game for is not very good. The ""pencil sketched shadows"" effect looks slapped on- Character animation in the main campaign's cutscenes are stilted and of low-quality- Basic tutorials, no combo trials/challenges, and no advanced tips for characters- Combat is sluggish, shallow, repetitive, and restrictive- Attacking in general takes forever to startup and to recover- There is unresponsiveness and/or delay with moving, jumping, or preforming directional attacks- Spamming certain moves are encouraged, as several character-specific attacks are safe on block, can't be punished consistently, and do tons of damage- Story-relevant character abilities (Logia, Haki, etc.) have no drawbacks, and make sets of characters objectively better than others. They feel tacked on, they take the enjoyment away from having a clean even match, and they really don't improve or add anything of worth to the already mediocre core gameplay loop- ""Flash Guard"" and ""Flash Counter"" mechanics reward players with no risk involved, as they cost nothing to preform. They seemingly exist to artificially make CPU opponents more difficult, as they will use it whenever they feel like interrupting your combo- There is no grabbing in this ""fighting"" game. The alternative, guard breaks, are not a good substitute. They take forever to startup, and are very easy to avoid, and punish. So blocking or dodging everything becomes overpowered. Otherfighting games have it so if you block enough, your guard will break naturally. Why this game doesn't is beyond me- Guard breaks are supposed to be beaten by normal attacks. Sometimes a guard break will recognize a attack string and will be beaten in response, as it should. Sometimes it does not. The fact that everything has so much startup, delay, and recovery does not help anyone- 1 vs 2, or 1 vs 3 matches are not balanced. In fact, there is no benefit for playing a solo character in a match, at all. You don't get any health, defense, and/or attack buffs to compensate. You do not get meter faster. You can't do meter-specific options, as they require a team. There is no solo/single character meter-using options, other than going into super. You don't get any more EXP or in-game currency, or unlock any achievement for winning any match solo- You can only have a max of 3 support characters. If you're playing solo/single, for instance, you can't use the extra ""Team Points"" to fit in any more support characters to compensate for the fact that solo/single matches are not balanced in your favor. The ""Team Point"" system seemingly exists because the developers knew that certain characters were overpowered, and chose to implement this, rather than fix the fundamental balance issues that make this game frustrating to play- Characters can level up. It is not explained. What does leveling up do? Why does it exist? What benefit does it add to the game? I'll tell you: if you're playing a low level character, higher rank CPUs become nearly impossible to beat. They have too much life, and do too much damage. It makes the game a mountain of a challenge to beat with skill alone- The game's ""challenge mode"", Wanted Posters, has a grading system. It is harsh and frustrating to get high grades. Why? On top of dealing with the generally terrible, unbalanced combat. You have to not get hit, and finish matches quickly. Most CPU will be content with sitting around blocking all day, waiting for the moment when they can spam the moves they have that can kill you instantly. A large portion of Wanted Posters force you to play with characters that you may be unfamiliar with, and are not good at. The biggest issue with this mode is the fact that you CANNOT RESTART A MATCH. You either have to let the CPU kill you, or quit a match, wait until your dumped into the selection screen, and try again. This would not be a complaint, if you not for the fact that you CAN RESTART IN THE MAIN CAMPAIGN. Why did they forget to add that quality of life feature to this mode, where the bulk of the single player content lies? Your guess is as good as mine- ""Flag Battle Mode"" is not explained at all. I can barely find any resources explaining what it is and how to play it on the internet, even- There are no alternate colors or outfits for characters, with the exception of a handful of story-relevant ones. You will have to fork over the money to buy the DLC if you truly itch for some varietyIN CONCLUSION:There are better One Piece games you can buyThere are better ""anime"" games you can buyThere are better fighting games you can buyThere are cheaper games you can buy, that play better, and are not locked to 30 FPSAnd for the price of this One Piece: Burning  Blood, you can buy several of those gamesPlease use your valuable money to buy something else"
,Not Recommended,425220,25296465,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tahajin,"EDIT: If you like the game, enjoy the game! Seriously, I'm not trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥on anyone's parade here. I just don't think there's enough combat variety or modes to warrant the price tag and the excess of DLC. My advice to potential buyers? Wait until there's a sale.I'm not quite sure what I anticipated, but this certainly wasn't it. Now, let me start off by saying that I personally can negotiate frame locks. So long as the game is able to achieve consistency, I don't mind if it's 29, 30, or 60 (though the latter is far preferable). This port, on the other hand, could barely achieve the bare minimum - and my hardware's no slouch. Unfortunately, that's just where the problems BEGIN. Some ingenous developer thought it wise to lock Training Mode, VS COM, and Local Multiplayer (if it even exists) behind the story mode, which operates like a Musou game.On top of that, the PC options aren't just lacking - they're stark; even more bare bones than recent Storm games - and I've yet to find a setting that allows me to achieve the graphic quality captured in the screenshots above. So, you have a frame rate that slurs and stutters, graphics that aren't egregious - but aren't necessarily 'good'... You're probably wondering how the gameplay is, right? Well, it plays a whole lot like JoJo's Bizarre Adventure All Star Battle (which, if you've played it, is not a compliment). It's a Spectacle Fighter, of course, but with somehow less going on and more emphasis on spam. It almost feels insulting basic, and (almost) every standard combo has ends with a dolly zoom into the character's face and then a knockback. There are clearly some overpowered characters in the roster, too - which doesn't lend itself well to a combat system this simplistic.As you can see, though, I didn't get the chance to play it for long before changing my mind about this little investment. In my opinion, it's not worth the price tag when Storm 4 is also on Steam and far better. Maybe consider taking your business to that IP instead, if you haven't already!"
76561198244379584,Recommended,425220,25424085,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dinkleberg,Sanji can't  fight women properly #loveit
76561198082235301,Recommended,425220,32138139,Posted: 2 June,all,ColdStone,"The campaign was really short, only one ''rushed'' arc.Other than that it's a really good game for any One Piece fan."
76561198110445822,Recommended,425220,28412720,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TheRobotsOfMarch,"This fighting game is not about who can spam attacks the most.It has a ridiculous amount of mix-up for a fighter of this type, with two kinds of guard break, sidesteps, and ranged attacks. Commonly, you'll be sidestepping a bunch of attacks when your opponent nails you with a powerful heavy guard break, which beats sidesteps, which you weren't fast enough to react in time to. If you expect a heavy guard break, you may rush in to attack, and then get countered by a side-step then attack. There's many counters and counters to counters. It's ridiculous how many people don't realize how deep this is, simply because they're so bad at fighting games.I've been playing every fighting game under the sun for years, and this is the deepest I've ever seen a 3D arena fighter.It's very tight and very strategic, once you learn how to play it. Just give it some time. Some systems, like the ability system or flash counters are kind of wonky, but it's all in all very solid.I also like the way that hitting with raw special moves can often be more damaging than rushing in and hitting with a combo. This really encourages zoning and more measured play. It's not just a button masher. Also, you can get much more powerful combos if you start with the right move, rather than just using the basic combo.The characters all play very uniquely, unlike some other arena fighters, like Naruto where you're just swapping out one special move, it seems. Some characters are very defensive, and have counter attacks and slower, bigger, more powerful moves. Some characters have devestating special move grabs. Some characters fight very well at range. Chopper can heal his allies. Usopp can lay traps. Almost all of the characters are really fun to play and unique, and because it isn't all about spamming combos, each of the characters can play in their own ways.I really recommend getting into this game. It's the best 3D arena fighter to date."
,Recommended,425220,25295169,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SHITBIRD 2000,"One Piece Burning Blood didn't have the easiest road coming to Steam.And neither were the fans of the series having the easiest time dealing withthe game getting ported onto PC and STEAM.There were lot of things that went wrong, game got delayed,fans weren't kept informed enough, 30 fps lock etc. But now it's finally,FINALLY here. So what do I think of the game itself? It's pretty darn great,if you know what you're in for. Solid gameplay, huge roster of different characterswhich most of them you have to unlock by progressing through the storymodewhich is okay by the way. Storymode here certainly isn't anything exceptionally greator bad either. It's what you'd expect from A FIGHTING GAME.But perhaps not what you would expect from a One Piece game.Story is told by slideshows of pictures narrated by some dude,there are some cutscenes here and there which makes going through all the picturesbit more bareable. There's no free roaming or anything like that, you simply progressfrom battle to battle learning more and more about the story and the characters.There aren't many gamemodes but there certainly are ENOUGH.You got your basic versus mode both in offline and online, storymode as mentionedbefore and then there is something called WANTED VERSUS, it's kind of an odd oneand I haven't gotten into it yet but it's basically like the CHALLENGE modemost fighting games have. Like I said, that's only a few gamemodesbut it'll surely keep you busy for days to come.Considering how many playable characters there are with unique movesets.Personally I'm bit upset over certain characters not being playable in the game(ARLONG and DON KRIEG) but hey what do you expect? For them to addevery single character from the One Piece universe into the game.The roster is ALREADY HUGE! So keep that in mind before you get upset overit.I have to applaud Bandai Namco and Spike Chunsoft for an excellent launch by the way,even if the game had a rough path coming to STEAM.The launch itself went very smoothly,no technical issues with the game (not counting the fps lock) and it's working just as promised. Not all games pull it off this nicely. So well done!I personally also feel like the pricing of this game is totally on point,especially with the GOLD EDITION which I highly recommend for you to get.It includes so much DLC goodies. It basically includes all the DLC there is to this gamewith the base game. Base game for me is 50 euros, GOLD EDITION is 75 euros,so getting all the dlc with the GOLD EDITION would only cost you 25 euros.Buying them separately though.. Oh boy, that's bit more expensive.55 euros to get all the DLC separately, so that's half the price.So totally pick that one out of the two if you KNOW YOU'LL ENJOY THE GAMEAND YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING. Just a small side note,you can totally live without any DLC too. It adds few new characters, some UI add-ons, costumes etc. But you're not really skipping out on anything THAT BIG.Visually the game is also pretty decent, again, nothing exceptional butit's what you'd imagine a One Piece game to look like.I also took a look at the options menu, most of the stuff you'd have in avideo-game certainly was there, except.. No difficulty option?That was bit weird and upsetting.Maps and backgrounds also look pretty nice, all have a different feel to them. Music is solid, nothing I'd listen to on my own free time but it definitely fits with the game andthe whole atmosphere of One Piece.Now it's time to rate the things that went right andthe things that went wrong with this game:THIS IS THE TL:DR VERSION BASICALLY, SO IF YOU CAN'T BEBOTHERED TO READ THE ENTIRE REVIEW, READ THIS!PROS:-Huge Roster-Interesting fighting mechanics-No technical issues-Lots of unlockables-I like how it looks and sounds visually-Pricing of the base game and DLC are reasonable to say the least-each character works very differently all with different abilities-Cutscenes and superb voice acting make the storymode more bearable.CONS:- Annoying camera angle-had a very rocky path coming to PC and STEAM-Slideshows with narration get repititive and dull quite fast (just skip them)-30 fps lock (doesn't upset me personally but is a downside for majority of people)-lack of gamemodes-Could've used more interesting cutscenes with more depth to themOverall, with all that said.. I still really enjoy the game. It's a fighting game in all honesty.I did not expect a thrilling joyride with the campaign / storymode.But I sure as heck am having a fun doing all the fighting.Just screw the cutscenes and all that pointless talking, just kick some butts."
76561198113984742,Not Recommended,425220,25309516,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Danta69,"The game looks great the character designs and costumes are awesome, i really wanted to enjoy this game but there is a very limited move set which makes playing quite stale. Also the fact that getting onto the harder missions of the game the AI just moves spams and your just stuck in a loop of super attacks if you fail to dodge one.If they can add more moves to the set and make the AI playable this has the makings of a good game."
76561198305322267,Recommended,425220,32838450,Posted: 26 June,all,Danny Phantom,"No matter what you do, the enemy will always do more damage. It will take you 5-10 tries to complete one chapter in the first 10 min of you playing this. The odds will always be against you.But hey its one peice. Unlimited gameplay for the next 1000 years. If one peice ends that short."
76561198061115981,Recommended,425220,32651255,Posted: 22 June,all,Zeus God (Trolling),"Fun game with friends, but not much of a player base"
76561198060628019,Not Recommended,425220,25607772,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Jackstepper,"The game has a GREAT direction, unfortunately they didn't quite execute. Before I get in to the meat of this review I want to say I really wanted to love this game, I've played 11 hours so far as of writing this review and thought it through thoroughly.Battling is insanely quick, it literally takes more time to set up a ""free battle"" than it does to actually battle. That's not because of the customization of stats / health / resistance / etc but because the controls are painfully awkward and setting up a team each time is a hassle. You can tell the creators realized this so they gave you the ability to make a pre-made ""pirate crew"" to quick select. Even then though the average battle lasts 60 seconds or so even with full 3v3 while picking a pre-made pirate crew takes ~20 seconds. You quickly grow tired of using the same crew since you win 3v3 battles with 10 or less moves (3 moves to KO each opponent). If you want to do what we are ALL wanting to do and set up a HUGE fantasy custom fight, well that's impossible. You can pit Akainu vs Aokiji and expect to fight forever since both should be ""evenly matched"" (reference the 10 day fight in the series) but the fight lasts once again less than 60 seconds. It really bothers me there's no way to do something so simple as to increase your stats for a specific fight to have that EPIC BRAWL and immerse yourself in your character. Heck, you can't even change the DIFFICULTY?!?!?The story mode is severly lacking and it feels like a ""tutorial"" and less like playing a game. Once again, largely IMPORTANT / MAIN battles last 60 seconds or less and side / non-important battles last 60 seconds or less. I'm fighting the Admirals... I don't want to be able to lose / win the fight in 60 seconds and I want it to be a challenge. As you progress through the story mode everything feels broken, rushed, and mashed together. It doesn't flow comfortably. It would have been so easy to take it in a direction that felt right and not let you ""choose path battles"" and etc.They WAY overdid this cut scene and gameplay instagram filter saturation they layer over EVERYTHING. It in no way feels right. All the colors are so saturated and the stupid lines get in the way of the art and it greatly distracts from the game play.This game honestly plays more like a demo because everything feels rushed, there's no fight customization other than ""infinite life"" or ""infinite burn gauge"", and the game has no ""goal"" and the ""Wanted Versus"" modes have teams and descriptions of who you are ""hunting"" that doesn't even make sense because they have such a LIMITED cast. Many of the support players SHOULD have been main players. Vergo, Dragon, Gol D. Roger, Tashigi, the list goes on and on of really key important players people would have loved to play.I would pay 20$ for this game, MAYBE 30$. I heavily regret paying ~80$ USD. As much as I love One Piece, I can't and won't reccommend this game to anyone."
76561198096810760,Recommended,425220,29575751,Posted: 29 January,all,~Octopai~,"This game isn't bad. It's had some turbulence with the porting process, and the online may be noexistent, but this is a good One Piece fighting game. If you're here for online, then don't buy this game, but if you're ok with playing the offline gamemodes then this is great. It has a very interesting fighting system that incorperates things like haki and logia reflex among other things. This game has quite a few characters all of which have pretty deep and specific intricacies to them. To summarize, if you like one piece and don't mind doing the offline gamemodes (unless you have friends with the game) then this is a good purchase."
,Recommended,425220,32784065,Posted: 25 June,all,Insania,"Good game, but it has flaws :Cons:1. Garbage meniu , its frustrating and uncomfortable.2. It has only one arc, thats kinda what killed this game, it was better to start from the beggining arc it would be 10/103.  More variety of combos.4. 30fps, and locked resolution5. Plus its not worth the full price, but it does give a  decent roaster but not enough costumes.6. forced dlc, namco as always pushes dlc on any game of theres they can, :I even tho its not worth the content lolPros:1. Good gameplay mechanics its pretty good , but not solid2. Decent music3.Pretty big roster actually that kinda surprised me :D4. There some amazing details from anime .5. Ace arc / but its short and not well edited.Overall amazing one piece game, but it would have been more successful if it was from the start of the story romance dawn"
76561198017893779,Recommended,425220,30388000,Posted: 8 March,all,Osama [DK],"One Piece Burning Blood is the ultimate game for any One Piece fans out there. Forget about the dynasty warriors clone ""One piece warriors"". This game offers WAY MORE contect and has a genuine One Piece feeling into it.Achievements: 100% completePositive+ Play with all your favorite heroes from the manga+ Awesome combat which includes awakenings (ultimates)+ Many modes to select from which equals more hours of gameplay+ This is not a ""you-have-to-get-a S-rank-in-all-missions"" type of game. So refreshing to play without having to rage :)Negative- Short campaign (only Paramount War)- Perona ;)ConclusionThis game is a MUST for any One Piece fans. It's very enjoyable, and not to mention that the achievements are easy to earn. You definitely won't be disappointed with this title."
,Not Recommended,425220,25918709,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Akka,"I expected a great deal more from this gameI love One Piece. There's over 750 episodes and I've seen them all. Imagine my dissapointment when I found out this game only covers the Marineford arc.I didn't play this game for multiplayer, online, verusus or anything else. All I wanted was to re-experience (at least a large portion of) the storyline, just like in Naruto's fighting games.The combat system is exactly what I wanted, and the characters look absolutely amazing. The cutscenes are great, the events transpire just like in the anime with just as much action and suspense. Every fighter has virtually the same default combo but a lot of variety in their special and ultimate attacks, diversifying the gameplay tremendously. They even enlarged the endowments of every woman in this game. Although that was probably just to sell the swimsuit dlc pack, I don't mind at all and I would have gladly paid up if the game didn't feel so absolutely pointless.That's right, without a cohesive storyline to back up the fights, the game just feels completely hollow. It can't get by on being competitive and balanced like the games you'll see in EVO and no one's going to take it seriously since it's just an anime fighter. One Piece already has a huge volume of story to back it up, so why only include one story arc? Repeating it FOUR times from the perspective of other characters comes off as desperate padding.I'm miffed by the pricetag (so I picked it up on sale half off just one month after it released and skipped buying the dlc), but after finding out that this game is a shell of my expectation I'm glad I dodged the bullet of paying full price for this."
,Recommended,425220,25556221,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ZeBruh,"I honestly love this game a lot. The combat is fluid as well as the cutscenes. I expected the graphics of an anime game to be meh but honestly it is fantastic. If you love One Piece, you are going to absolutley love this game. The only problem i have with this is the fact its very new and not many people have it and i mainly bought this game for online matches but most of the people i matchmake with have bad internet and its horrible to play with. Other than that brilliant, i just have to wait a few months before it gets populated."
,Not Recommended,425220,30156641,Posted: 24 February,all,PRCvek,"As much as I love One Piece, I can't recommend this game.I'll note first that I'm somewhat biased because of an issue that affects me as one of several players, but that the issue seems not to affect everyone. Online functionality is nonexistent, and worse, because the game tries to connect at the start of the game after the title page, the game 'hangs' on ""Connecting..."" for a solid five minutes, without you being able to do anything unless you want to turn off your Internet when you start the game up. Ultimately, not a good option. This problem has persisted for some players for months without a fix; the developers, in true fashion for Bandai, don't appear to care about their porting (see Naruto Shippuden UNSR and Tales of Symphonia on release, for example, as well as any of a dozen framerate-locked and/or controller-hating games pumped out), simply raking in the money from the 'One Piece' part of the game, as opposed to the game itself.Now with that huge disclaimer out of the way, I'll delve into the actual gameplay.Burning Blood is not balanced by any stretch of the imagination. It works on a point system, wherein you can choose playable and support characters up until a set limit, generally 9000. When a 2500 DLC-only character is brokenly strong in that 'spray and pray' spam manner, you know there's an issue right out of the gate. This is only highlighted when you see the version number - 1.9, at the time of this review - meaning that some of these characters are still broken after several patches. That's not to say that they don't try; while I wasn't playing at the time, Garp was apparently overpowered on release, and they have since nerfed him with at least a modicum of success (I hadn't gotten far enough in to play him, but I haven't found significant unfavourable discussion to indicate as such).Other than that, the gameplay is... Stilted, for lack of a better word. The two-button attacks with an L-Button for 'specials'  is not terrible, even with the broken specials of some characters as hinted at above. However, it is very limiting, and any fighting game enthusiast will be disappointed with its simplicity, particularly when the combos are also near non-existent in variety. Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter, for example, are far better examples of the genre, both of which you can pick up for a price comparable or better to this.Movement is even more stilted, which only entices more people to play the same 'spray and pray' characters as it is difficult to punish. This effectively means that you have two options for characters: long range spammers, and quick-dashing/teleporting brawlers. Some many find this a bonus, but I believe more people would quickly grow tired of the repetitiveness.The 'story mode' only covers the 'Paramount War', otherwise known as the 'War of the Best' or the 'Marineford War'. It does cover it from multiple perspective, but even this is insufficient to save it from being woefully short. It does, however, have a 'Bounty/Wanted' mode in which you fight specific enemies with increasingly greater difficulty - several hours worth, in fact, but it does get a bit 'same-y'.Unfortunately I can't review the online features for the reason listed near the top of this review, but for the people that are able to access it from the discussion boards, they seem to complain about the lack of people. Again, I can't comment more than that.Given all of these factors, I could not possibly hope to give a positive review - in fact, I'm trying to obtain a refund at this very moment. If you are really into One Piece and you get lucky with accessing the online portion of the game - or if you don't care about multiplayer - it may be worth it, but unless you're a hardcore fan, steering clear and heading for MKX/SFV is a vastly better option.Edit: Seems that even though a large portion of my playtime (around two hours of my four) was spent troubleshooting the connectivity issues, refunding is not an option. Congratulations on scamming me. =')"
,Recommended,425220,25297926,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,• Moayad,"first i'm fan of One Piece and i was waiting excited for this game to releasing it..Pros:+ Very good Graphics+ Great gameplay and Characters+ You can challenge yourself  at Wanted List+ Also can get the Titles and Emblems+ All character have very differently all with different abilities+ Superb sounds and cutscenesCons:- 30 FPS Lockif you are fan of""One Piece""i would recommend this to you.and i would say thanks very much for add arabic language, we appreciate it :)9/10"
76561197969749884,Recommended,425220,33627137,Posted: 18 July,all,Sarkoth,"One Piece Burning Blood is not only a really good fighting game, it also is one of the best One Piece games up to date, featuring close to 40 playable characters and featuring twice as many as a support cast, therefore spanning almost all relevant characters throughout the entire series.The game itself plays like a tag team brawler, different characters have vastly different movesets, combos and special attacks have really nice animations and most battles feel very impactful, don't drag out and are neither too easy nor too frustratingly challenging.The art design captures both the visuals of the manga as well as the anime quite brilliantly, the story ark of Ace's execution is a bit lacking both in depth and length, but uses many quotes and reenacted original scenes from the books / anime, which are extremely satisfying to watch being brought to life in 3D.All in all I had a lot of fun with this, the only downside was a minor technical one: The game doesn't allow for 4K resolution and tabbing out of the game or losing window focus automatically disables fullscreen, which resulted in my game window being quartered a few times when I got popup notifications through Windows and where I had to finish the ongoing battle before I could re-activate fullscreen again. Apart from that, it is a completely solid port, immediately recognizes a 360 controller and shows the correct button layout without having to fiddle around.Definitely recommendable to both One Piece as well as fighting game fans alike."
,Not Recommended,425220,28005588,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Butler,"I love one piece, so i still had a marginal amount of fun and all, but unless it's on a huge sale dont buy it.The story mode is only the paramount war arc, that's all youre getting there.And unless you love spamming moves to kill enemies you'll be in there for a while because the AI spams moves to kill you, and not only do they spam moves but their moves do 10x more than yours.The Story mode is pretty much you playing one character a million times (and a lot of the times youre facing the same enemy too) it's really pretty tiresome.There's also an unclear character leveling system, they dont mention anything about it, which seems like a waste to integrate leveling and have no use or explanation behind it.I love one piece, and i really wanted to love this game, but it's not complete whatsoever."
76561198103674275,Recommended,425220,25900281,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mr.Young277,"Great game, exactly what I expected from a One Piece game. The gameplay is very fun, controls easy to learn.However one of the biggest problem with this game is the multiplayer. There is literally no one on multiplayer, you rarely get a online match. There also might be a problem with the servers or it could just be me but whenever I find an opponent, the ping isnt very great. However if more people buy the game then maybe the online will be more active.Apart from that great game, has a variety of characters to select but still feels not enough, it would be great if there was another page of characters for everyone to play."
76561198023676217,Recommended,425220,26081804,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,KAL,"The game is great and the fighting is awesome, same goes for the animation and art work!Had loads of fun playing couch co-op with friends and online.The various amount of combos and support characters to help achive them is brilliant, not to mention activating Haki/Logia Devilfruits in the fight makes it even more badass.My only dissapointment was actually with the Main Story, thought the game was gonna cover all the Arcs, playing the SHORT Whitebeared Arc 4 times in different prespectives everytime wasn't actually a cool touch... It was very boring replaying them the other 3 times....wish they added All the Arcs in the game, or atleast the latest one would have been nice.If I had to rate the game out of 10, i'd give it a 7.5.P.S: Game needs more maps and Kyros should have been a playable character in the game. :p"
76561198056323404,Recommended,425220,30071308,Posted: 20 February,all,ShadowDurza,"I'm an easily entertained guy who is capable of looking past or just not noticing the bad points of most of the game. But regardless I am here to present what I think are the good points and bad points of this game.Good Points:Makes use of one of my favorite gameplay balancing elements I call Vulnerability Periods. Basically before or after each attack or chain of attacks, the character pauses for a moment and enters a state where they can't attack, defend or move, with more powerful attacks having longer vulnerability periods. What I like about this is that it requires the skills necissary to recognize and react to an opponents vulnerability to know when the best time to use attacks, how to compensate for your own character's vulnerability periods so you know the right time to use each attack so you are not left vulnerable after attacking and to read your opponent's patterns so you can take advantage of the flaws in the execution of their attacks.It's not just about raw power, characters can have uniqe abilities that can easily turn the tables in any battle if used properly.All characters perform and feel uniqe.Bad points:The story mode can get a little repettitive and boring, and what's worse is that it is the only way to level up characters (I think am not sure)It can be troublesome to learn all of both the basic and uniqe attacks and abilities, and there is no simple way of finding out about them.Sometimes low framerate."
76561198098565305,Recommended,425220,25360501,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MoeChopper,"After playing the whole story mode and done 62 matches online just to get chopper title at 30 wins, Worth it! learning curve is so tough, is like dragon ball xeno. without flying but with haki and many Logia-fruit users."
76561198075213048,Not Recommended,425220,26283666,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mitsuha,Only paramount war? Rly?
,Not Recommended,425220,25311424,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Stacks VII,"Super repetitive with very little diffrence between characters. They have diffrent moves but they all do the same thing. They just look slightly diffrent. It's just spam to win and the game loses its charm very quickly. If you want a comparison, it's like a even more simplified naruto game since in them you can break combos various ways and have more options for attacking. I am a One Piece fan but I'll stick to playing pirate warriors 3(also repetitive but has longer term goals). That being said, the game itself still plays somewhat solidly and once there is a price drop of about 50% to 75% would be the time to buy it. My opinion, add it to your wishlist, and when it goes on sale buy it."
,Recommended,425220,28848973,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kurosaki,"Yep. Definetely get it if you enjoy One Piece. It's a blast.PS.: I don't give a crap about Naruto Storm anymore. Thank you, Burning Blood."
,Recommended,425220,28843485,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,kipsiih,"If you're a fan of this series you'll definitely like the game. However, you should buy it when there's a sale... it's not worth the whole price.The war arc isn't very interesting after you've played it many times with a different character, but it can be forgiven with the other battle forms and new playable characters that you can unlock by playing the game. What I like the most is that this game isn't too easy, there's real challenge which makes it just better."
76561198104061422,Recommended,425220,33607011,Posted: 17 July,all,Freedom Hands,"Personally, combos are more distinguished and fun for each characters! Requires understanding to master each characters instead of button-mashing to win.Recommending others to try it too!"
76561198010155038,Recommended,425220,29233676,Posted: 13 January,all,Kateikyoshi,"Problems:1) This game has a very little amount of content in story. Story covers only the war arc and thats it. You can go through it in one evening. Worst thing is that it happens on same map and you have to play through it several times from different directions. Absolutely boring.2) Dead online. Like, really dead. Can't find anything most of the time on game's release.Good things:1) Visuals are done right. Models, animations, effects are good. What impressed me the most is how Sanji reacts on women in fight.2) Character's personality also is there. Sanji impressed me the most.Neutral stuff:1) Fighting system is kinda autistic like in naruto games. Well, can't be helped I guess.Summary:It is quite a good game for fans if you buy it with 50% discount or more."
76561197987738363,Recommended,425220,26082206,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Poka,👌
,Recommended,425220,25931871,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,God Usopp,Game is amazing if you are a fan of One Piece but contains major spoilers if you have not read upto chapter 590 of One Piece and minor ones for a bit after. The gameplay is amazing.
76561198170656721,Recommended,425220,33245928,Posted: 4 July,all,Zavemann,"The game runs a little slowly if your computer isnt up for the challenge, but its still very fun. I'd say that if your a fan of One Piece and enjoy compedative gameplay, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,425220,33152225,Posted: 2 July,all,Reznovic,This game is a must for all One Piece fans. You won't be disappointed!
76561198204622584,Recommended,425220,25945927,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Firelord111,this is a very good game for first one piece fighting gamebut i recommend to not buy it in full price
76561198017900794,Recommended,425220,29138507,Posted: 9 January,all,stanilarion,"30 hours later, have to say awesome combat system, it is quite deeper than I thought it would be. Don't understand how other players compare this game to other and/or specific fighting games.Pretty sure other fans would love to have more Story mode, although I could see why developers picked Paramount War arc. But may be One Piece aleady has One Piece: Pirate Warriors 3.Pirate Flag Battle is certainly unique and great concept that needs more enhancement.In my opinion, this game needs more documentations. Hints are provided just enough to get by but more work on manual would extent players' potentials. Although at some point I could see why no specific manual created, such as creating your own combo for Sabo hence no specific manual.It's a great fighting game, especially for One Piece fans."
76561198346375792,Not Recommended,425220,33258473,Posted: 4 July,all,raneheaven,"After playing it for a while, I realized that this game kind of portrayed the same feeling of playing arcade games, minus the story, fludity, and combos, which pretty much makes the game unrecommended.First, the game is missing this replayability aspect which most anime-based game always have. It's not that replayable because the story rotates around a single arc of the anime, and as a fan, we want to have more arcs to immerse ourselves.Second, the game isn't fluid enough to generate enough action and fun. When an opponent hits you, that's that and you have to accept your faith unless a miracle flash guard happens. It feels like the game isn't fluid enough to keep me thinking about my next move.Lastly, the game doesn't have a lot of combos to offer. This aspect branches from the fluidity of the game. There are some characters like Luffy that can execute combos, but there are also a lot of characters which cannot. Because of this, the game feels like a yugi-oh battle because it feel like there are turns to follow. The lack of combos make this game sad.Good thing I bought this during the steam sale because it doesn't really feel like its worth the original price."
,Recommended,425220,31532641,Posted: 3 May,all,Mudkipz420,Amazing Game any One Piece fans would love it as it includes the Paramount war and tons of characters!!
76561198027450411,Recommended,425220,32612748,Posted: 21 June,all,velack14,i am a huge one piece fan and i am glad they made a fighting game for one piece i am really enjoying it sure there is only one ark to do but you can also do wanted posters basically hunt other pirates and beat them i kind of wish they would add even more one piece charaters i dont mind if its dlc as long as its a bunch of characters and maybe add some support characters to main characters to fight as (also like the touch of sanji cant fight against girls so it hard to win as him against female characters) and i cant wait to try mulutiplayer with friends to beat the crap out of them all in all i am enjoying this game very much i know recently they added the film gold character and costumes for the straw hats i hope they do more characters soon
76561198022294475,Recommended,425220,25296861,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tiearian,"Despite the 30fps lock, This game is really fun! Probably the best One Piece game experience yet. Anyone that says this games a grind fest, will likely get rekt in online, cuz they don't know wtf to do xD. Each character is unique in their play style. Because of this, creating your own priate crew feels worth it, and rewarding.Even tho the story is short. I don't really care. I'm not here to play the story. (the story is better watched anyway) Aside from that, the storymode itself, I find is really well done.It is very clear they made this game with the combat in mind. It has a Marvel VS Capcom feel to it.I'm having a Blast thus far!"
76561198059126766,Recommended,425220,33160754,Posted: 2 July,all,Goshujin,"Great fighting game, the biggest problem I see is the quitters in the online mode, there are some people that disconnect when you are winning with no penalty whatsoever making you waste your time since you gain nothing, fighting this people is a problem because if you lose you will lose points in rank but you will never win because they will just disconnect. One of my favorites fighting games though."
,Recommended,425220,27287771,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[DL-E] Crackzwiebel,Das Spiel ist für Fans des Manga/Anime wirklich sehr zu empfehlen.
,Recommended,425220,30293418,Posted: 3 March,all,Zeramy,"This game reminds me of  Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm.Full of fighting, hack & slash, dodge and combo type of game.I really hope I can play multiplayer with my siblings like split screen style, not single player going through all the missions.One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 is so good. Check it out!"
,Recommended,425220,29080372,Posted: 6 January,all,[NCP] blood_guts,"I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about one piece. I got this to play with my girlfriend who likes bad anime.  The game is actually really decent. You don't need to like the show to enjoy it. If you've got people who come over to play games this isn't a bad Idea.+bunch of characters+some unique feeling gameplay+complex gameplay+ you get 300k from per multiplayer match so you don't need to grind out single player  to buy characters (1-2 million)+/- all combos seem to just be X pressed until they stop hitting the other person. (there are other ways of doing mixups though)- some characters are too strong- some characters block visibility if you're both playing on the same screen- sanji is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and can't hit female characters- you don't pick characters at the same time on the select screen- stuff works according to show logic and if you don't understand the show you might not know certain things. Gives my girl the edge she needs which is nice but I imagine if someone picks someone without ""haki"" and can't damage like the sand guy or the light guy they won't be like ""oh that's so cool! it actually makes sense with the show!"" they'll probably be like ""This character is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They can't do damage to 7 random ♥♥♥♥s."""
,Recommended,425220,26045046,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Auphy,This game is too good! feels like watching anime while you can control the character to fight
,Not Recommended,425220,26122751,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,JL,Horribly unbalanced from one character to the next.
,Recommended,425220,25298849,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Linksupersayan,"Had some problems with the game at the beginning like lag and slow performance but after fixing it (most people just quit it at first glance without trying anything) the game is fantastic!Smooth fast gameplay, each character is unique unless they are reskins, the graphics looks lovely and it feels amazing looking the characters interact with each other before the match begins.If you are a fan of fighting games and One Piece, you will love it!"
,Recommended,425220,31108619,Posted: 12 April,all,Sky,"Really fun game to play, way better than pirate warriors 3 that game was a disaster for pc players... But after playing this for such a short amount of time I can already tell It's gonna be extremely fun!本当に楽しいゲーム、海賊の戦士3よりも良い方法は、ゲームはPCプレーヤーのための災害だった...しかし、私はすでに伝えることができるような短い時間のためにこれを再生した後、それは非常に楽しいだろう！Hontōni tanoshī gēmu, kaizoku no senshi 3 yori mo yoi hōhō wa, gēmu wa PC purēyā no tame no saigaidatta... Shikashi, watashi wa sudeni tsutaeru koto ga dekiru yōna mijikai jikan no tame ni kore o saisei shita nochi, sore wa hijō ni tanoshīdarou!"
76561198366868461,Not Recommended,425220,31596901,Posted: 6 May,all,cowboychamp921,This was legit good but. IT WAS COMPLETE BULL.1. Only has 1 arc.2. Why add so many extra characters that are in later arcs when it only has 1?3. Unfair balance and logic.4. Needs other arcs.
,Recommended,425220,25920248,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Aomine,"Best ONE PIECE game ever!!! ... Very"" like it"
,Recommended,425220,26054759,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,HighTidesX,"I mostly got this game for the nostalgia. There isn't much to the story. I wish they actually made it like Naruto where the story contained multiple parts (in this case arcs). Instead we get a repetitive story only referring back to Marineford Arc and only under 4 characters. You are better off getting it on sale because the game just feels incomplete. Now onto the combat. I love their combat system. I personally consider it more strategic than the Naruto games because there is more that can be done. However, it is a lot slower in pacing when compared to Naruto.7.75/10"
76561198134017688,Recommended,425220,30189340,Posted: 26 February,all,LilithSamara,"Let me just start by saying that this is an okay game, but I struggle to say that it is a very good one. I have only played the game for about three and a half hours for reasons I will go into in a moment. Let me start by addressing the cons and move on to the pros afterward. I use a Playstation controller so I will go over controls as follows:Cons:-The combat system is very basic. You have one combo for each character via square, but each character has one special move with triangle. There is a far range attack with square and triangle can sometimes do more than one thing, but not always. You have a guard button with circle and can jump with x. You can do air attacks with square and sometimes triangle depending on the character. You have a guard break and a throw type move. Your R1 gives you the power to avoid moves if you are a logia user such as Ace using your top bar, and does other things generally involving powering you up for other characters such as Whitebeard. L1 is probably the strongest mechanic as it gives you three special moves per character, though sometimes these are not always very viable special moves. You also have a sort of awakening full power mode which does take a bit to build up and gives you the ability to do a special move at the end. Usually this mode only really makes you a little stronger, but for some characters like Luffy it does change your moveset. Overall, combat is not the strongest and you'll find most characters play somewhat similarly and may get a little bored of it.-The story is EXTREMELY short. You play only one part of the One Piece story, the one where you try to save Ace from Execution. This consists of you playing four different characters primarily, Luffy, Whitebeard, Ace, and Akainu. You will occasionally play as other characters via side missions or have them in your team to switch between. Some of the missions, usually side missions, are particularly extremely hard compared to others, but this isn't the biggest deal and can be overcome given a few tries. Quite frankly, that actually adds to the experience because of how short the overall story is. Each character outside of Ace has around 10 battles or so. It also happens to repeat itself as you play different characters, you'll probably see the same scene with Ace towards the end about three times or so total, as that is in multiple stories. You can skip scenes, but it's still annoying. The format of the story is probably the issue here, because if they had just spread out their 30-40 missions through different One Piece story arcs, it may have added much more to the experience.-You have to gain Beli to unlock characters, and while this isn't the worst mechanic I've seen in a game for gaining new characters, it can be annoying, as by the end of the story you will most likely only be able to afford 5-10 characters to play as depending on how your experience goes, not including supports which must also be purchased with Beli.-Some characters are very annoying to fight against, such as Buggy, as they have the ability to spam extremely strong and annoying moves at you which lock you in place with no method of escape until it's done.-The support system isn't something I am a big fan of as they don't do a great job of explaining each character's powers and they are, for the most part, just passive bonuses to your fighter.-You take and do a lot of damage, meaning battles really don't last as long as you might like. Yes, you can form teams of up to 9 people depending on the mode, but it seems like each character should have the ability to survive more hits rather than having to switch out constantly due to your character dying so fast.Pros:-The game is an entertaining One Piece experience if you don't mind the above cons. The combat system isn't fantastic but it also isn't horrible or boring per say, it's just a little repetetive. It's also quite fun to play as certain characters such as Aokoji who I found to be especially enjoyable due to his technical nature.-There are more than 40 characters to my knowledge that, despite taking a while to collect, are all unique in some way. The combat system is very similar no matter who you play, but each character does have individual abilities to try out.-As an anime gaming experience, it's certainly not the worst, nor is it the worst fighting game, it does have fun merits especially knowing you're playing as the One Piece crew.Overall, I'd probably give this game a 5/10. If you get it on sale, it can be a 6/10, but it simply doesn't hold up to the $40 asking price. If the story was more spread out and a little longer, and the combat system was a little less simple, I could certainly see this being a 7/10 or even 8/10, but as it stands I don't think it is quite that good. Still, I'd recommend this to any One Piece fan as long as they get it on a sale of some kind."
,Recommended,425220,34162160,Posted: 10 August,all,Megat®on,A great fighting game if you are into One Piece
,Recommended,425220,26548794,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Collie,"Fans of One piece will be very happy with this fighting game. This was clearly made by fans of the anime, and a lot of care and detail was put into it. It's a very solid and fun fighting game, and I highly recommend it to fans and fighting game enthusiasts alike. Only complaint is the 30fps lock."
,Recommended,425220,28587867,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ChiZmY,Its amazing if you have seen on the internet that it has a short story don't even care because it's such a great story very similar to the one piece version it's missing a little bit of the story but its an amazing game i love it! Even if you get through it for 6 hours you have free battles and you can play against friends in local and multiplayer i am sure every one piece fan will like it or better love it!
,Not Recommended,425220,25295711,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DeVil,as much as i love this game i have to say stupid unbalanced paramount war. Am i frickin playing dark soul? fix this stupid problem dev beside the hard control you will encounter the enemies which can kill you in 2 hits and take you 200 hits to bring them to half hp
76561198151252614,Recommended,425220,28512958,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,zdzichu :P (THE INDIE GAMER),DONT READ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!JUST BUY THIS GAME !WE NEED MORE PLAYERS FOR ONLINE !!!
76561198084578850,Recommended,425220,25387600,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Justin118,"One Piece burning blood is an amazing fighting game, aslong as your a one piece fan.+Why its good+- It has an amazing roster, 46 charachters big (not counting DLC)- The dlc charachters are mostly unique, even the ones that already have an charachter are different.Like: you got Sabo with the mera mera no mi, and you got sabo without. Both got different movesets!- Nice grapichs, i realy like the grapichs fights look realy flashy!- all charachters feel unique! (exept the 5-6 costumes ofcourse)- you got supports that help you in fights (some even counter spam)-downside-- Not perfectly ballanced, dont get me wrong you can kill and Strong style ace with say nami, but it just gets realy hard because he can spam alot and you cant break trough it only with alot of time and most of the time your health is very low after it!-Short campaing where i honestly dont care about. It only covers the marineford arc, but i to be honest havent even played more than luffy and a little bit of whitebeards story :D-Sanji cant fight woman, yeh it realy sucks.. But my favorite charachter and my main cant do damage to woman, around 1hp per attack... Rip Sanji mains for online ! (Eventhoug i barely see woman charachters used onlined, exept maybe koala)----------I realy like the game, and i wud buy it aslong as your an One Piece fan. The story mode is in the most liked arc of the whole serie, the marineford arc wich covers the story of Luffy trying to save hes brother Ace, but if you dont know anything about the show yet you wont find to much information about the charachters here wich is a big flaw.:) have fun online"
,Recommended,425220,35129502,Posted: 22 September,all,D E A † H -,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ I CAN GET LUCY ?
,Not Recommended,425220,25295368,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wryyy,"Bandai has once again proven that it can do worse.The year is 2016 and they're still locking the fps to the engine?Let me explain a little something that might actually be an insight for some:-Consumers give money to a developer who doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about the quality of the game(port) and   profits off famous manga/anime titles.-Money goes to the wrong hands and these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies continue releasing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games.-Good companies die off and all we're left with is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs.Some time in the future:-Potentially good company appears on the surface of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games and ports.-Bandai announces new game.-Good-company game is overshadowed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports with high advertisement budgets-Good company dies outAnd this is what I call the cycle of bad consumerism and how we actually contribute/ed to what the gaming industry's shape.Spend your money wisely,please."
76561198151598701,Not Recommended,425220,28417163,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tyledon,"Nobody plays this game, you can create a matchmaking room and stay 4 hours with no one showing up. DLC characters don't even give or help obtain titles and emblems. Cutscenes have bad lip sync (and not only because of my computer).You will either need to have or make friends who own it so you can play mp with people. Since there is no one, ranked matches are either empty or with one or two S rank player (highest rank), so if you are not good or spammy, you will get completely demolished and start doing little kid stuff. Like closing the aplication to evade losing the points and pride.Another problem is spam, characters like Luffy, Mihawk, Marco, Ace (Normal and Strong Style)  and Sabo, are insanely easy characters to play with, not just because of their completely basic combo sets, but also because:Of their strength that halves your HP with just mash.Of their long reach attacks that just become desperate spam.Of the general character, in case they are logias.This probably can be understood by who have played other fighting games, but to someone who buys the game because of the anime they love, will totally need lots of play hours to just get your mains or a few minutes to learn the ropes in spamming.Furthermore, anyone with 20+ hours will know Flash Counter is broken (a combo breaker), since there is some people who can execute it aalmost every time they are hit. It is a broken feature that makes it so that you can win just based on it.Personally, as someone who loves the anime, has been around since this game was launched for pc, and has +100 hrs of gameplay. I can say that I truly enjoy the game, and even log in every once in a while to see if there is anyone to play with (usually with no luck). This problem is only going to grow, since the last dlc comes in the end of december and it will abandoned even by developers like every other one of their games (NarutoS UNS4, Jojo's Bizarre Adv EoH, etc.).I don't recommend buying it, you are already too late to start. You won't fit. You can ceartainly try, maybe you'll get good. Maybe if you buy it twice to have someone to play with. The hell if I know."
,Recommended,425220,25309487,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,That Gaming Otaku,BEST ONE PIECE GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,425220,25310043,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,altnsad -ghoul-,"I am looking forward to playing this game for a long time,since I knew it would be released on steam,and I am a huge fans of One Piece.I will not say this game totally fit what I was expecting,but I am satisfied with it.I saw some people complain about the locked 30 fps,as I play,I found that 30 fps does not affect your performance at all,nor causing any trouble to your gameplay.Also I notice that those who are complaning about the 30fps,does not even try the game themsleves more than half an hour,they just think 30fps 100% = bad.I just hope those people can really try the game out thoroughly before complaining.I agree that 60 fps may be better,but 30 fps is totally fine for a fighting game,running smoothly.For the storymode,it is extremely short,it just contain the story in Marineford.The storymode is a tutorial actually.Apart from that,there is quite a lot of wanted posters for you to play,and the main part, PVP .Learning the timing and combo is essential to win in this game.As a fighting game,this game is not bad at all.It has shown each One Piece characters ability,their characteristic.I am having fun in this game as a fans of One Piece,and a lover of fighting games."
76561198010801475,Not Recommended,425220,26018833,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Degel2660,The price...
76561198292470503,Recommended,425220,32691694,Posted: 23 June,all,Nightroot,nice
76561198148120831,Recommended,425220,25314075,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,bulbourethra,voice over delay!!!!!-problem solved!
,Recommended,425220,34142322,Posted: 10 August,all,I Need Help ...,It's good
76561198258504306,Recommended,425220,32781393,Posted: 25 June,all,meh,Great game
,Recommended,425220,33178043,Posted: 3 July,all,de_lolzdj ツ #TaylorSwift,"sick game for one piece fans, others may or may not"
,Recommended,425220,25346693,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pain,nice
76561198005801906,Not Recommended,425220,30412905,Posted: 9 March,all,Negritis,i love OP and i like these kind of cell shaded graphicsbut the control in this game is just awful
,Recommended,425220,33370973,Posted: 8 July,all,Galdulser,wowwwww
76561198089168484,Recommended,425220,25479302,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ω THIS IS SPARTA Ω,THIS IS A VERY GOOD GAME BUT FOR GOD'S SAKE FIX THE DAMN ONLINE MATCHMAKING SYSETMMMMMM. i allways get to fisht people way way stronger then me and i neder won an online fight come on
76561198045117169,Recommended,425220,25484758,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Saki Yoshida,Best Game Ever! Make Burning Blood 2!
76561198155887575,Recommended,425220,25374676,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CVanDover14,"The game is well done and a lot of fun for any One Piece fan, and has such interesting gameplay and pleasant  visuals that anybody interested in a fighter game should consider picking it up.Pros:-Very fun game-Seamless controls-Nice attention to detail for character traits-Nice variety in play styles-Beautiful graphically-Lots of sounds/details/quirks that go beyond what would be ""expected"" of a developer-Story mode and methods of unlocks are nice-The DLC doesn't make it pay to winCons:-Slightly limited playerbase occasionally for finding online matches- They should consider balancing some spammy characters- there are 4-6 characters that tons of people use online and rather than playing skillfully or trying to have fun- they catch you in an infinite combo after one wrong move.-Most features have to be unlocked initially through the story mode which could contain spoilers for fans not yet at marineford.Other than that it's a really fun game and I really recommend it."
,Recommended,425220,29156715,Posted: 9 January,all,Hexsteel,"It is different from One Piece Pirate Warriors 3.  Instead of open map and mission you are just battling in an arena.  The ""story mode"" is basicly the arc of the paramount war, told through different characters.  In the end i realized i played the same mission more than once first as the pirates and as the marines."
76561197963955708,Recommended,425220,25915936,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Oliver- KING KONG GUN!!,IM burrnnnninnnnngggg
76561198128008499,Not Recommended,425220,30245840,Posted: 28 February,all,technicianIam,"I'm a huge one piece fan. I've been watching the series since t came out and was super hype that a fighting game came out for it. Sadly, the pc version doesn't work wiht a controller and let's be honest. Who actually wants to use a keyboard for a fighting game. It's just uncomfortable. If you want the game, I suggest a console version. The developers seem to have no interest in the pc version since it's been out for a while and this issue still hasn't been solved."
76561198240497176,Not Recommended,425220,30225900,Posted: 27 February,all,Kami // Hellcase.com //,"I am a massive One Piece fan, but i cant wrap my finger around this game...1. GAME IS TOO SPAMMY!2. Story mode is boring (View the Paramount War from 4 character's perspectives).3. I paid full price.Ending my life as you read!"
,Recommended,425220,25499442,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Noooo!,"Firstly, the main story playthrough is well done. As a one piece fan it served as a good enough retelling of the story without the extra dialogue that you would get in the manga/anime.That being said, the level of progression you get through the game doesn't come through the story, but the wanted posters on the side. I can admit that the people online are mostly above my level, but thats just because there aren't that many people online to play against.Side note: online seems to alternate between playing fine and playing really slow(when the fight starts I get the ""connecting"" message while the fight still goes on, but in slow motion.)TL;DR, I'd wait until a sale to buy this, whether you're a fan or a die hard fan of one piece. Loading issues during online gameplay. Story is decent, but repetitive."
76561198193858010,Recommended,425220,28572356,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Carter,fun
,Recommended,425220,30170943,Posted: 25 February,all,*|ProxZ|* -CorsaiR-,This is so far the best Bandai game i played not cause im an super One Piece fan all tough i am but still this is a good game.
,Recommended,425220,30206304,Posted: 26 February,all,Dimitrianos,So for those who are looking to buy this im gonna tell you this !1. it may have limited storyline but its  worth it ! Note (always check main story quest star for subquests)2. it have a mode called wanted list which has unlimited battles different rewards and at the same time it gives you some training !3.it has way too much fun online modes4.Pirate Flag Battles are just so f*** good and fun you will love it too its an online mode that  you choose a crew to fight with and capture the map battling with enemy crews to become the number 1 crew !5.combat system is fun ! sound is awesome too !the only con i only see is the way too much supports that it have rather than battling characters but again its fine as it is !
76561198035037090,Recommended,425220,26247372,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Y u bully me?,"The release on PC was delayed but it was worth waiting for this great fighting game.The story mode is very repetitive, basically you watch Ace dying 3 times ;(The best thing about this game is the Online battles and the Pirate Flag Mode, however it's a pity that there are basically no players on PC, which is the biggest downside of buying for PC.About the usable characters, you have a wide range of usable characters and every character feels unique, each one having a different playstyle. The way you unlock them is pretty easy, and that in my opinion could have been better, since you just have to farm money and you can buy every character and every support.It's also a great game to play with friends, online or locally.Buy it if you love One Piece, but beware of the low number of players on PCP.S. - Ace (Strong World) spam is OP"
76561197968328362,Recommended,425220,27818163,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ko0ops,Best of the best.. One Piece is my all time favorite/
,Recommended,425220,33756468,Posted: 23 July,all,strpwnd5,nice fun to play
76561198165146982,Recommended,425220,28344938,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,dadyrsr,its a good game if ur a a one piece fan
,Recommended,425220,28419784,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DEVX Luke Skywalker☯,"Jogo lindo em questão e gráficos,tem certo avanço em questão de história,começa em Marineford,no caso,quando peguei o jogo,ainda estava em enies lobby após anos sem ver OP,então n fiz a história até acabar Marineford,tem muitos modos de jogo exclusivos,como a captura de ilhas,e procurados por exemplo,o multiplayer padrão de game de anime,recomendo demais,poderes divertidos e não enjoa...se tiver condições e gostar de OP te recomendo MUITO!!"
,Recommended,425220,28407905,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Majin,perfect!
76561198132034064,Recommended,425220,28523900,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,(Besinc)pow,This is a great game. i play it all the time with my cousin and friends.
76561198066011344,Recommended,425220,25317375,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DarkFire,10/10 Usopp's nose bends.
,Not Recommended,425220,30859859,Posted: 31 March,all,Krept,"The game is great, but the 30 FPS lock? Not so great."
,Recommended,425220,25303196,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,IMMORTAL,gum gum gum nooo awesome one piece game finally ^^
,Recommended,425220,25315372,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Indian Gypsy,BEST ONE PIECE GAME EVER! For the game to make sense and for you to fully enjoy the game you have to be a one piece fan.
,Not Recommended,425220,25307467,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,最初の暗殺者,"Although I really want to like this game and the game itself looks really cool and I like the characters and their attacks.  But the gameplay and how the ai behaves makes me wanna hate this game and I get frustrated that they have no consistent difficulty setting, especially in the ""Extra-Chapters"" where you cant win if you dont spam certain attack, because your opponent cann kill you with a few shots. Furthermore the ai itself in some fights stands in the background and spam kills you with powerful attacks, which you cant counter in any way.This is my personal impression of this game and I played many other fighting games and also a huge One Piece fan. Maybe other players like this fighting system, I for sure cant stand this system which seems kinda broken in cases of attack spamming, inequality of the fighters with some who have the strongest homing attacks and other cant do anything and a over-complexed guardsytem I cant get along with.In summary, One Piece Burning Blood feels too chunky than fluid for a fighting game and with the points I mention before it is a more overwhelming bad experience with this game as the good experience I had with it and the good time I wanted to have with it.P.S. This point doesnt affected the Review,but I have to mention, as I was doing Buggy Special Attack on the Paramount War Ice Stage, the game crashed my PC and I could only hardreset it. Something never happend before with a game on my computer, but this crash didnt happend again, as I was trying to recreate it."
,Not Recommended,425220,28833846,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Edeltürke✘,"Overpriced as ♥♥♥♥!The game is not bad but the price is way to high!I would only recommend to buy it when its in a massive sale (-75% or less).It is not worth the 50€.Don't get me wrong, I love One Piece! But this game is not worth a buy unless it costs less than 15€!pro:Nice graphicsEasy gameplaycontra:Basically just button spamming.The video and sound aren't syncronized.It's not the whole story. It starts somewhere in the middle.Much bugs with the audio"
76561198001152683,Recommended,425220,25298871,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Skithien,"Been waiting for this game forever to come to Steam, and I'm glad it finally has. Greatest fighting game of all time? No, of course not. But it is a great game for One Piece fans. With a huge roster of characters and a lot of fresh ones at that, it will fill any need of One Piece you may have in your life.A lot of people complaining about how it runs, but its worked prefectly fine for me, it may be locked at 30fps but its consistent so barely even noticable for me. I see a lot of people also complaining about the roster (wanting this guy or that guy) well maybe in later dlc? I don't know but I like that they are adding characters that don't see a lot of love, the world is full of great creations from Oda and its about some of them got some more screen time.All in all I'm quite happy with it as it is exactly what I thought it would be, a fun colorful One Piece game thats simple yet enjoyable. Can't wait to see some of you guys online!"
,Recommended,425220,25308296,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,NEON,Notbad but not good enough cuz i'm wait for 3 months for 30fps lock that's not ok for me
,Recommended,425220,27927426,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,aad11nie,amazing!!! Characters development in this game are really good. We can enjoy every move same like in anime. Sky Walk!!!
,Recommended,425220,26226935,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,"Bert Macklin, FBI","The game is something of a mix between the more casual/party fighter games like the Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm series or Saint Seiya Soldier's Soul and more technical/mechanical focused games like the Soul Calibur series or the Street Fighter series.It allows for a lot more combo focused and mechanical freedom than you'd get out of a party fighter, but not to any level of a truely mechanical or technical fighter, and while the characters have more depth than in your party fighter games, there's less characters to use (Which may be because this is the first in the series, and does have nearly double the amount of characters from the first Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm game) and there is a greater emphasis on doing more than just your party fighter button mash affair.In comparison to the other anime party fighters, it's not nearly as fast as the Cyberconnect II games, or as power focused as the Dimps games, but meets a nice middle between the two of them.Which pretty much sums up the game, it's at best times a nice middle, and at worst times a game that pleases nobody to any great deal. Party fighter fans may find it too slow. Technical fighter fans may find it too shallow. Fans of both may find it wortwhile. Fans of one or the other should be weary. Fans of One Piece should probably just get it already."
76561198307023904,Recommended,425220,26242604,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,RazzaH_AU,Sanji's combos are sweet. 9/10
76561198167371816,Recommended,425220,27724935,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Soulmancer19,pretty fun
76561198160868511,Recommended,425220,34324202,Posted: 18 August,all,Strayed Lynx,A great game for One Piece fans and a good game for everyone else.
,Recommended,425220,27342764,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shanks,"This game is fun and unique, but it's nothing compared to ps4/xbox version and also you can barely find people to play online, so I suggest if you are buying this game wait for black friday it will be cheaper as if for right now 7/10 for me over all."
,Recommended,425220,25328837,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Val,"this game is amazingi'm having a really good time playing itnote : i'm playing the game on windows 10 and it works without problems like fps drop, crashing,ectand the controlers are hard but if you manage to get the hang of it you will be fine"
,Recommended,425220,26345243,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,"So fun and stylish! Get some friends, hop on the couch, and prepare to lose hours into the game.If you're looking for a complete playthrough of the entire plot of One Piece, look for Pirate Warriors 3, but trust me when I say this is better value despite only having the Paramount War."
,Recommended,425220,28596013,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,|SaltnPepper©(5)|,Sugoi ne~!!!!!
76561198299392602,Recommended,425220,25443699,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Íslendingur,Dem pretty good game it dosent make much sense if you haven't read the manga or watched the anime but its pretty good all the same. recommend it.
76561198245244088,Recommended,425220,25329119,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Saiqa,"It won't go into full screen even when I press F11 and there's no screen options under options so yeah my screen is 4K but that shouldn't make a difference, still a good game tho"
,Recommended,425220,32929526,Posted: 28 June,all,Lettuce,its a jojo refi like jojo
,Recommended,425220,25295075,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Natos,"It's not the best fighting game in the world, but it's still a nice game. It might be a bit too simple, with lack of combos, but it's still fun. The controls reminds me a bit of DBZ and Naruto games with an attack button, a powers button, a special button, etc...I don't see the 30 fps lock as something to cry much about, it doesn't really hurts the gameplay. The graphics aren't bad, at least for me who doesn't have graphics on number 1,2 or 3 of the list of things that makes me like a game. The sound plays well on my end, so i can't complain about that. The cut scenes aren't a masterpiece, but are good enough for the game.Overhall i think the game is good, it could have been better, but it's still a fun game, specially if you are an One Piece fan"
76561198094104785,Recommended,425220,25404938,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Katakuri©,"This game so far so good and the fighthing style is pretty good including characters combo,skills and more challenging when you playing the Paramount Arc its seems pretty hard for me haha maybe im not good enough.So that's all from me :P"
76561198044201433,Recommended,425220,25394216,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,bear,"TL:DR versionBuy if you're a One Piece fan because it's fun to play as your favorite charactersBuy if you have no interest in playing onlineBuy if you bought and enjoyed One Piece Pirate Warrior 3Don't buy if you dislike fighting-style gamesDon't buy if you can't stand lag onlineDon't buy if you can't stand 30fps for spectacle fightersDon't buy if you've rewatched the Paramount War arc more than 5 timesI really wish Steam would release a ""Neutral"" rating sometimes, because this game is both a wonderful fan-service to the anime, and yet it is quite possibly one of the most fustrating online experience I've ever had.The game plays like most similar titles where you have a 360 stage to duke it out (think Ninja Storm 4). Experiencing the game as your favorite One Piece character, mashing out their flashy moves and watching them beat their long time rivals is a thrill any One Piece fan will appreciate.For a game locked at 1080p @ 30fps, if performs decently, though not ideal or even acceptable to some PC gamers. The port feels ""okay"" but the lack of any real graphical options is something to take note of. It feels like the publisher just didn't bother to put in any real effort to maximising the game for the PC.The first few hours of single-player game play is very much enjoyable and the addition of the ""Wanted Versus"" helps give the game a little more longevity in that aspect. The ""campaign"" mode, if you could call it that, starts out nice and easy, but will ramp up the AI difficulty (and I really mean, RAMP UP) exponentially after about 2-3 hours in. If you aren't fond of fighting games where blocking & side stepping are crucial to the gameplay, then avoid the gamer rage by avoiding the game for now.The meat of the game to me was the Ranked Online part of it. It is for the sole reason that I made my decision to purchase this. The netcode for it is actually pretty decent, it handles the overall matches well for most part and doesn't just drop you out of a match when the connections starts to stutter.HOWEVER, the player base is still really small and the match making system is just terrible at time. Being matched with a more experienced or higher ranked player I can handle, what I couldn't handle was that the game doesn't care if you're match with someone with over 500ms ping relative to your location. This causes extreme, EXTREME input lag for more than 50% of the matches I've played.Some combos are nearly impossible to pull off, inputs do not register for over 0.5s, side stepping is a 50-50 chance and button mashing doesn't seem to do your default attack combo sets sometimes.I'll still keep playing because I am a huge One Piece fan, and also cause I want to feel like I got my moneys' worth since I can't refund it anymore.Peace \/"
76561198084994577,Not Recommended,425220,35265227,Posted: 28 September,all,Hell Revenger,the worse game i ever play before
76561198067416734,Not Recommended,425220,25358485,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,scythesthetaru,"As of this post, I'm all caught up with the One Piece anime.I was expecting something similar to Ninja Storm, and while the gameplay is very weird, it's a fun pick-up game to play to play with other friends who have no idea what they are doing, but that's not where the problem lies.Some people would disagree with me, but I liked how much story mode had to offer in Ninja Storm. This game tells the same story arc, through 4 different perspectives. It didn't take very long to beat, and I was just expecting more from the game."
,Recommended,425220,27220011,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ashiyu,shambles.
,Recommended,425220,25298227,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,upgradecsgo.com emerald.gg,LUUFFFFYY SENPPAAAII!!!!!
,Recommended,425220,32622277,Posted: 21 June,all,God Angel ≧◡≦,Badass GameUnbalenced Mayhem Makes It Even Badass...
76561198056890796,Not Recommended,425220,26131531,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dragoonzxz,All you do is play the same arc with different characters. Huge dissapointment
,Recommended,425220,25364153,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Yong,"Hey what a surprise, Matchmaking Failed. Apart from that its a great game."
,Recommended,425220,25390046,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ManiacalMonkey9,"As a huge fan of One Piece, I got super excited about Burning Blood coming to PC. Then, like many fans, I found the wait difficult, especially after having played it on Xbox. It was worth the wait.Pros:Large roster of fightersFinally a One Piece 1v1 game thats more than just button mashingIt's like Othello, minutes to learn, a lifetime to masterCons:Paramount War vs a Comprehensive story mode? really?NOT ENOUGH CHARACTERS!!! Why no Virgo, Caesar, or Garp? The latter 2 were important enough for Pirate Warriors 3? Why not here?Controls get scrambled in Whitebeard's episode of Paramount War"
76561198061786965,Recommended,425220,32105213,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,"Fan service, the game! (I'm looking at you Luffy, dem abs tho)"
,Recommended,425220,26541512,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Black Leg,One Piece Burning Blood is a fighting game with featuring over 40 characters from the One Piece manga and anime. The story mode has amazing looking cinematics but is short and reuses cutscenes many times. The multiplayer is really fun but ranked mode is barren. Find and add people to play matches with. Combat is surprisingly deep for an anime fighting game and does not get old. I reccomend this game for One Piece fans currently caught up in the story and looking for a game to play with friends from time to time.
76561198124743813,Recommended,425220,25328147,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dapperpixel,Fun :D
,Recommended,425220,25300504,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,słoń,"Have not played this for very long, But this is really good so far. Controls are hard to get use to."
76561198229380740,Recommended,425220,25417540,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Susano'o (須佐之男),Nice game worth my money i bought all dlc its rly nice it remeber me old dayz good quility hmmm it has 1 thing wrong its hard u will need some macros i rly recommend it for one piece fans !
76561198234298684,Recommended,425220,26201034,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,AA,do u think add all donquixote family dellinger trabol pica diamante and more ? i want to play with them
76561198343196983,Recommended,425220,30212931,Posted: 26 February,all,yee,"I broke the story, but I broke the last of the peulleieobeul. I wish you all the same now."
76561198366995352,Recommended,425220,33543787,Posted: 14 July,all,toma70866,efdfffrrrrrrrrrrr
76561198065312727,Recommended,425220,25394079,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Amr,Best one piece game so far. Would recommend to any one piece fan.
76561198112186853,Not Recommended,425220,35096740,Posted: 20 September,all,Babumba,"this is my first time writing review, after several time buying ""unworking"" game.i am bothered by the audio desynced..  which make the gaming experience drop.and maybe because i am using intel graphic card, it feels laggy during battle.Remember guys, audio and cutscene ARE NOT IN SYNC."
,Recommended,425220,25520206,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dude Cakes,Gomu Gomu No Pistol to your face!
,Not Recommended,425220,30817511,Posted: 29 March,all,Xaritos,i am a huge one piece fan and this has let me downthe game is expensivethe combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥the story its too shortand this thing cost 50 euros no man its not even 60 fps the game is 30 fps and it was realised in 2016 wtf is thisif someones lag even when your apponment lags you lag toothe game is pay to winand the company doesnt even care about the gamei am really dissapointed for even spending the money i would never recomend someone buying this game even when its on sales
,Recommended,425220,25295141,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Stardust Breaker,"""Let's just buy the game to write a bad review and refund it."""
,Not Recommended,425220,25295367,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hedoro,"Well that was, in a word.Bad.I waited all that time for a choppy mess that somehow has gameplay even more basic and janky than even the worst games in the Ultimate Ninja Storm games the system was based on.I'm disappointed really, bored and disappointed."
,Not Recommended,425220,25294564,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Traxellus,Been watching/reading One Piece for 15 years. Big fan. That makes it really unfortunate that I have to give this game a negative review. The camera angle is terrible. The entire fighting system is garbage. The cutscenes are unwatchable. Overall this game was not fun and I didnt even play it that long before I knew I didn't like it. Makes me sad but at least I can use the refund for a game thats actually fun.
76561197970928328,Not Recommended,425220,26111077,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,♫๖ۣۜSalt๖ۣ ۜD§ÆÏLÕr,"Honestly disapointed by the lack of online server support.  I keep getting connected with people who are too laggy to play against or I barely find anyone to play against at all....  Super disappointing gameplay to the point where I just give up more then 80% of the online battles because it keeps saying ""connecting"".  I know it's not my connection and it has to be the damn noob on the other end.  Super dissapointed by the storymode.  I finished it in 4 hours of gameplay time and I was not skipping the cutscenes at all.  Just a super big dissapointment.  The only fun is when I manage to actually find a player with 4bars on the antenna or more."
76561198210742527,Not Recommended,425220,29155131,Posted: 9 January,all,Will Y,Very disapointed... The story is based on 8 episodes of the anime with poor quality cinematic
,Recommended,425220,30163487,Posted: 25 February,all,☯Rynex☯,Mükemmel bir One Piece oyunu.Eğer One Piece hayranıysanız kaçırmamanız gereken bir oyun.
76561198228472068,Recommended,425220,25364841,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ImSoHungry,kizakou
,Recommended,425220,30194483,Posted: 26 February,all,Barquest | Farmskins.com,best game in my library
76561198095924804,Recommended,425220,30155900,Posted: 24 February,all,Anti Reel,Awesome!!
,Not Recommended,425220,30954327,Posted: 4 April,all,Samles,Do not buy this unless it is 70% off.-30fps lockThe campaign is completely unbalanced and extremely punishing. If you literally mess up twice you lose in most fights. I love anime fighting games but I am yet to have fun in this game. All it does for me is♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Also there is no one on one in team battle. You have no choice but to do team battles.If i paid $50 or more for this I would get a refund immediately.
,Not Recommended,425220,30201764,Posted: 26 February,all,Freigh,"Stuttering and audio de-sync have made this game unplayable, the audio lags a good 10-15sec behind the video, the frame rate drops randomly even while in menus.wish I could actually try the a game a bit more, the only fights I got to try were the first two tutorial fights and the Ivanko v Doffy/Kuma (which I'll admit is a BS fight and I'm not good enough to beat it)The AI seems spammy and incredably relentless for the first couple missions3/10, Not my cup of tea, but could be someone's."
,Not Recommended,425220,28717289,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Wanderer,"Very simple game of button mashing. Expected something similar to the Naruto series which was totally awesome, but this one falls short - waaaaay short of that. No fantastic combo etc. Only good out of this is just the story to play, which is probably enough of a push for any diehard fans of One Piece like myself. Just don't buy this with high expectations and treat it as a tribute thingy to a great anime/manga."
76561198189876675,Recommended,425220,25295390,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The_Sorrow,the agme is awesome and work fine for me
,Recommended,425220,25295303,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Saint Boris,10/10  One Piece is the best :)Really fun game
,Not Recommended,425220,25294641,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CrazyTrain,"Being a HUGE fan of some fighting games, and also a BIGGER fan of One Piece, I will say that the game is a bit crap considering the cutseanes are grabage, and off note and key... also sounds are off too."
76561198236747820,Not Recommended,425220,31274918,Posted: 21 April,all,HO HO HOOO,"very boring, not a god game."
,Not Recommended,425220,25295316,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,STEVO,"This game had us waiting for too long and then when it launches, it becomes a disappointment because it was way to laggy. I can't even watch the cutscenes. The audio is normal speed but the cutscenes are slow and gameplay is slow. The music is also terrible. They need more music and a better way to boost up the speed for gameplay."
,Recommended,425220,25296649,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[KS]Wolfman,Sold off all immortal treasure chests from the TI6 Hype and raised enought money to buy an arcana and this awesome game.10/10 would sell OP immortal treasure chests again!
13243546575869708,Not Recommended,425220,26700266,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,nardboy,"I'm gonna be completely honest. I've been a One Piece fan for over five years and I've enjoyed (to a certain extent) every episode of One Piece. Even the boring episodes shared some sort of charm and adoration for color and excitement. However, I hate this game and I'm gonna explain why in five words. It. Is. Way. Too. Difficult.This isn't one of those games where you just ""get good"" after playing for a while. I'm still stuck on the mission where you have to defend Luffy by defeating Aokiji. The story mode is so drab, as well. I bought the game because I was excited to play through the Dressrosa era and fight Doflamingo. Instead, I've been spending three hours PLAYING AS EACH AND EVERY CHARACTER IN THE MARINEFORD ERA. I have no idea how long the story mode is actually supposed to be, but so far I've hated it. And back to the difficulty thing, you literally start off in the game as...*sigh*... freaking Ivankov, the one character everyone wishes they could forget. And literally just a few missions into the game, it already feels like it's impossible to complete any mission unless you stay back and spam ranged attacks, assuming the game is kind enough to force you to play as a character with ranged attacks. I suffered in the Akainu segment because at that point, it already felt too hard and unplayable. THAT WAS AN HOUR INTO THE GAME!In short, I'm so close to giving up on such an overhyped One Piece game, that I'm gonna give it a measly score of 2/10. The only feature I find playable and enjoying is the fact that hitting an enemy really hard when they're near death sends them flying. I felt awesome doing that. Now I can't even do that cause the game is impossible."
,Recommended,425220,25294876,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DiegoMEsum,"i think the game is boring , but i still like it . that's all !!"
,Recommended,425220,25311078,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,5rbsh518,best game ever
,Recommended,425220,31338609,Posted: 24 April,all,『Aмαzιɴɢ Nιɢнтcore』,This game very 3D and HD .......... Easy game to fast missions...........Can Play with Online
,Not Recommended,425220,25348209,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PhantomDragonWolf,Feels like I'm playing the game in slow motion. Feelsbad
76561198034190727,Not Recommended,425220,25371259,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zadu,Bad game overall.1. The fighting system is really bad and frustating2. The menu of this game is like WTF?!. Why they dont make it simple to use?Really dissapointing after I waited for this game long time.
,Recommended,425220,30237542,Posted: 28 February,all,gundam_seed_c.e.7.3,good
76561198165913288,Not Recommended,425220,25338827,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MonkeyS4,"Do not buy it yet until they fix the fps for online matches, goes down to 10-12."
,Not Recommended,425220,33505461,Posted: 13 July,all,Strobe,Disappointed that this game is locked at 30 Frames. Basically unplayable had to refund it.
,Recommended,425220,25295860,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,!♦ kaser4ksa,.
76561198004065322,Not Recommended,425220,25515092,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Seph the grand doggo,"the game is super repititve and very stale. it also focuses ONLY on the paramount war which playing one time is ok. BUT 4 TIMES?!?!?!?!?! now this is crazy. i feel as it is a scam for 50 dolards. it feels like an xbox live arcade game and should be priced as such. cant even refund cause i was hoping there was more than what was given. dont buy, look at other games."
76561198255149084,Recommended,425220,25449348,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,WEAK LION,خرافية اللعبةوأفضل بكثير من العاب ون بيس السابقةاعطيها 10/10+الترحمة للعربية ممتازة جداً
76561198229750368,Not Recommended,425220,25320716,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,minato+sasukeOP,its very disappointing game
,Recommended,425220,30005617,Posted: 18 February,all,Flash2K,NICE
,Not Recommended,425220,32875781,Posted: 27 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,This game is one piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198036561843,Not Recommended,425220,25305419,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Owlflame,Didn't run well on my computer.
76561198062095431,Recommended,425220,30446589,Posted: 11 March,all,Neji_Byakuya,"Excellent game. The fighting system is very good and the nostalgia of playing as your favourite characters is priceless. If there is anything to be included, that would be a future addition in the paramount war capturing the post-2 years events up to Dressrosa arc."
76561198083471112,Recommended,425220,27549206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fckin normies,this game is amazing if you  love one piecee and a great way to consume time
,Recommended,425220,27568672,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,chagair shadow's,jast from see this game i malet
76561198049788543,Recommended,425220,25303158,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cornstalk6,"Awesome game, especially for any One Piece fan! Definitely pick it up!"
,Recommended,425220,25297406,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bzkool29,The One Piece game we've been waiting for!! Managed to incorporate Logia and Haki abilities in a very unique way. There is some clunkiness in the Fight system but the plethora of characters and the variety of playstyles more than makes up for it. Excellent game overall!
,Recommended,425220,25315015,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Dracgeon,"This is ok way of making a fighting game for One Piece. I'll split into categories to determine if this makes or breaks it for you.Story:Don't bother if you want a good summary of the main story because that ain't happening here. It covers one part and their is no variation in cutscenes except for a few. You want a good summary of the main story without filler? Get Pirate Warriors 3 instead, it gives the details you need and its not far off from the original source.Score: Painful and a waste of time. Its best to skip cutscenes after you finish Luffy's story.Gameplay Mechanics:So far its easy to get used to once you get the tutorial down. And yes tutorial text box is useful because the move set in the pause menu is cryptic, meaning they don't show which button does what. That aside, the combat is reptitive. You can change up a bit but a lot of the time you SPAM to win. Defenses are definitely different in variety just be warned that pressing the RB button to avoid damage you must be stationary and a lot of the times it doesn't work when you move. Flash Counter or Flash Block have to be timed at the exact moment you get hit and that can be a pain to activate frequently. Counters are useless far away.Score: Limitations would have been nice, instead they make the blue meter for just the RB command. Other than that the fighting is very similar to the show but just know your not in for a AMAZING fighting game. As for different body types, the speed wins the most but if you pull off the heavy set guys be prepared to enrage your opponent. Playing this with others is not always gonna end up with happy results. Game modes are severly limited though which is a shame.Roster:Their are plently of characters but their are many that aren't playable (Except Lucci who ends up as DLC). Luckily majority of main characters from each Arc are playable.Score: This is how you should start out the first fighting game for this series.DLC:A lot of it is overpowered and some costumes do have different special attacks. There's not much to say here.Score: Would be nice if a lot of them did the same damage as the originals.Overall:This game is reptitive and has character balancing issues but it still can hold up for a bit. Its a pain to get every character because you need to grind that money out in order to get them. But Im used to that because I played Naruto Clash of Ninja Revolution 3 (The Wii fighting game that actually is the perfect Naruto game, I highly recommend it!) but it won't please others. Its nice that the roster has a bit of everyone from different arcs but disappointing when they leave some out. Story is absolute garbage and you rather get Pirate Warriors 3 instead to get a much better summary and stuff that matters! Is it worth buying? Wait till the price drops, as a lot of people are not satisfied and you may feel like the combat is nothing worth your effort. But if you do buy, just make sure that your getting a fighting game that it has some problems. There isn't much to say about this but its still a competent fighter. Enjoy it while you can and keep it if you want to play with friends. Its highly recommended to play more of it online."
,Recommended,425220,25295592,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,spaceSEED,"This game isn't like a Naruto Ninja STORM game; the play style is completely different. This game is more focused on combos, and (in an attempt to launch a franchise) lacks balance. Certain characters are overpowered, like they are in the manga/anime, while others rely on abilities, which make their play-style very different from others. The game is still fun, but is much more of a challenge to play (-well) than STORM. I recommend this game to One Piece fans, but if you're just looking for a good fighting game be sure to check out STORM or BlazBlue first."
,Recommended,425220,25297428,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,UPRC,"I'll update this as I play more and more, but so far so good!All characters feel distinctly different despite following the same basic attack structure (short range, long range, etc.), and they are all VERY faithful to their anime/manga counterparts. Also impressed with the music which, even if it isn't straight from the anime, it is very clearly themed after it and sounds more One Piece-like than in other games such as, say, Pirate Warriors 3 (where the music was sort of bland and didn't really connect with the series it was trying to emulate).Gameplay is both basic and complex at the same time. If I had to compare it to anything, I'd say imagine a slightly deeper fighting system than in something like Smash Bros. with three character teams with teammate swapping ala Marvel vs Capcom, while also having the 3D freedom of fighting games such as Cardinal Syn, Destrega, Dissidia, Ehrgeiz or various Naruto fighting games (the one I played the most was Naruto: Gekitō Ninja Taisen! 3 which it has some similarities to in terms of freedom of movement).The story mode is kind of ho-hum since it is just the Marineford arc copied verbatim. I found myself skipping the cutscenes because it pretty much plays out just like the anime does frame by frame. Not a bad thing if you want to relive it, but I'd prefer to watch the anime if I want to see the arc fully reenacted. It's still a decently enjoyable mode, but it would've been way cooler if the story mode focused on climactic fights from various arcs throughout the entire series thus far and allowed us to play as everyone on the roster at least for one fight each.Overall, probably not a game for anyone who doesn't follow/like One Piece since the game really seems to rely on having at least some knowledge of the One Piece world (I could just imagine some people I know turning to me and asking what both Haki and/or Logia means and me trying to explain it to them like they're idiots). However, if you are a fan of fighting games and One Piece, you should get some fun out of this. Don't expect the depth of Street Fighter or Tekken because it's not that kind of fighting game, but there's still a decent amount of meat on these bones. Enjoy it before Luffy picks them clean."
,Recommended,425220,25298316,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Undead,"Pretty fun if you`ve watched or read One Piece before, the more you know about the characters, the more fun it is to unlock them all and try them out.There are obvious balancing issues with some characters, and some take much more skill to perform moves with less payoff than other characters. Some characters are very weak in many regards but dont have anything to make up for it on other spectrums.The single player is decent, going through the story well. It highlights the most important parts and you cant ask for much more in a game like this.The multiplayer is very fun, played with people I know irl on local and it`s pretty fun. I tried only with split screen enabled which apparently you dont have to do(Havent tried the other way) but it worked nicely the way we set it up. It was fun and jokey, characters DO feel a lot more different to play than I had thought, but even though the combat has decent depth, spamming easy things mindlessly can often be the best strategy to beat others.Havent tried the Online as of this posting so I`ll leave that as is.The graphics are what I`d expect, but the ""Shading"" in cut scenes looks aweful, lines that all combine through characters/backgrounds/other characters if they're too close during the cut scenes. Other than that the game looks nice.Missions given through wanted posters are a nice addition to give more to do while unlocking everything. Dont know how many we can do since some say ""Limited time"" and it seems as if others may take its place. I dont know why but ZI dont see this working the way they plan and if they really do update these I wont expect them to last on this port. That being said most of the Wanted Poster challenges are permanent ones and they all ramp up in difficulty a lot.TLDR:Game looks nice, cut scenes look less nice.Game isnt balanced well, but overall fun.Would reccomend if playing with friends and know the characters.Not a buy for people who know nothing about Once Piece or for people to play alone imo.Fun game that I'll play regularly as a ""Party game"" with other One Piece fans."
,Recommended,425220,25298415,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,Very good port! The off center camera takes some getting used to and the combat is a little weird but wants you get into the groove it's a great game8.5/10
,Recommended,425220,27530851,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Eugene Jack,Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,425220,30932634,Posted: 3 April,all,TanJew,♥♥♥♥ing great game
76561198034087442,Recommended,425220,27300587,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deyus,I loved it
,Recommended,425220,27192301,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AB_And_The_Z,Im a big one piece fan thats why I love this game and im really exited if there will be more characters added soon
,Recommended,425220,27132419,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xLuffyzx,Nice art work.
76561198275179909,Recommended,425220,30912915,Posted: 2 April,all,eatthan123,This game is perfect for you if your a one piece fan
,Recommended,425220,27058869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I want to see Alodia  ♥,very good game
76561198106622484,Recommended,425220,26986020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,domynio_182,"its bugs on cinematics, fix dat wtf!!!"
76561198108660799,Recommended,425220,31084376,Posted: 11 April,all,RestingAlex,Dont listen to any negative review here. If you like OP or love it this game is perfect and fun. It needs more players i always see the same few. SO HOP ON AND GET READY TO LOSE ! haha
,Recommended,425220,31105192,Posted: 12 April,all,Your Man,waifu material
76561198323401738,Recommended,425220,25300351,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,seadasky,So Ive had this problem with Attack on tiatn too. I can run any other game except 3D model types like One Piece Burning Blood as well as the newwest Attack on titan game. There is a super fps drop when i get in game. What can I do to fix this?
76561198352316445,Recommended,425220,30142980,Posted: 24 February,all,CHICKEN ATTACK,"thumb up for this game, awesome !!"
76561198082263277,Recommended,425220,31334633,Posted: 23 April,all,Meteores,This game is fun to play
76561198134940775,Recommended,425220,30305185,Posted: 3 March,all,JTG_5000,"Perfect for One Piece fans! Really fun to play, especially with friends"
76561198336816887,Recommended,425220,31214185,Posted: 18 April,all,hanyan9999,Animation is really awesome!! Overall I like it :)
,Recommended,425220,31554966,Posted: 5 May,all,Santafury,NEED MORE STORIES
,Recommended,425220,31558204,Posted: 5 May,all,ken-,great game
76561198097673056,Recommended,425220,30951128,Posted: 4 April,all,Flauufypants,I didnt refund give me my game back
,Recommended,425220,29213560,Posted: 12 January,all,King of the storm,"Definintely one of my favorite anime fighting games of 2016. It follows the same fighting formula that Dragon ball Xenoverse and Naruto Shippuden ultimate ninja storm series follows. extremely simple battle system. No remembering button combinations or anything, Just a click of one or two buttons and you've done a special attack. What makes this game so fun is that it captures the feel of one piece. Logia Users are resist to normal physical attacks just like in the anime and haki users can counter that just like in the anime. Its a decent game whether you're a long time one piece fan or if you're just getting into it."
,Recommended,425220,33152690,Posted: 2 July,all,MrCookie,"This game is perfect if you love fighting games AND one piece!It really shines in combining average (but diversified and still fun) fighting mechanics with a cool set of most known and loved fighters from the One Piece universe.The visuals and animations (seeing over the 30fps look) are stunningly good for an anime spin-off game!One thing needs to be mentioned though: Don't buy this game for the story, as it only contains the Marineford Arc (which happens to be my favourite one, so I'm a bit bias and okay with that fact).So after finishing it after just a few hours you're just left with either playing online / with friends coop or finishing flier quests, which give you a little more ingame-money to purchase all fighters and skills (which are various secondary characters from all over the OP story).What I can't judge is the multiplayer as I just try it out a few times online.I still enjoy to play the game every now and then as its the best One Piece fighting experience in a game yet IMO.Unconditional recommendation to everybody who appreciate One Piece's characters and enjoys fighting games!"
76561198082964438,Not Recommended,425220,33255725,Posted: 4 July,all,-[A]kariaz-,can be better... it's too boring for me
,Not Recommended,425220,28924514,Posted: 1 January,all,Tugahack ♕,BELA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥O ANTIGO E MELHOR
76561198264070567,Recommended,425220,27446617,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,snake4710.,Cool 1
76561198046771832,Not Recommended,425220,33431162,Posted: 10 July,all,外天国,"Dead population, clear lack of balance, some characters are just pure cancer that people just spam the same skill over and over, and the DLC characters are quite obviously OP, the connection is better than the garbage that Naruto games are, but that's not saying much at all."
76561198362621501,Recommended,425220,33513789,Posted: 13 July,all,Cracker-sama,People might find it boring when they first get itbut when you train on the sick combos you will ♥♥♥♥ing love this game...HIGHLY RECOMMENDED(if you have a good pc)and btw get the game if you watched the anime cuzz there are many♥♥♥♥♥♥u wont understand
76561198109653237,Recommended,425220,33618889,Posted: 17 July,all,Meeska,"An amazing fighting game for any One Piece fan, although it is highly advised you use a controller"
,Recommended,425220,33948647,Posted: 1 August,all,3rdForm,"Fun game, characters aren't really balanced so I don't think it's a competitive title but the characters feel fun to use. I still pick it up from time to time but it has the average replay value of any other fighting game."
,Recommended,425220,33953531,Posted: 1 August,all,Baba Yaga,if you see it on sale get it its worth it but not for 74.98$.  this game is a blast for fans of one piece and its fun to be able to use so many diffrent charecters.
76561198281151333,Recommended,425220,34459984,Posted: 24 August,all,Hayetzizou[GORT],good game actually
76561198352984254,Recommended,425220,34418078,Posted: 22 August,all,Kuroashi Sangheki,"I love the game, and I think it's really fun to play with buddies at home. It's sad that's the game is already going dead and the online servers are empty of players. What it's lacking, is a decent story mode (the lots and lots of Wanted Posters make up that in a way) though, and some balancing in a couple characters, but all in all, it's a really enjoyable fighting game."
,Recommended,425220,34758252,Posted: 5 September,all,[外人] fujiyama-95,"Very good game, fighting system is really something nice! Many characters to fight with and alot of support characters with a fighting system like this, it really is a great game. Unforunately, this games does not have cross-platform play with PC and PS4 which is truly a shame. Street Fighter V has cross-platform play but we do not with this new game. The Online playerbase is practically non-existant for PC and it needs cross-platform to be enjoyed and even played. I'm still playing through out the story mode episodes and it is alot of fun. I really wish the developers implement cross-platform. We need the gamers to ask for this on a large scale for it to happen. I don't see them working on implementing cross-platform without a promising playerbase to satisfy."
,Recommended,425220,34644361,Posted: 31 August,all,Agent13,"A really nice fighting game with lot's of highly detailed skills to learn and abilities to master, very well balanced (Expect Ace and Marco as they are very overpowered). The campaign is meh, the online is not dead if you search in the right hours or just get lucky (They really should have done cross platform). This is a really fun game if you want to play with friends a 2 player fighter and is quite flexible in terms of character, skill and luck. I reccommend it even for not one piece fan as this game is a good way to introduce them to the game. (Although there will be spoilers along the game)"
,Recommended,425220,35044808,Posted: 18 September,all,Ace,"Easy to learn, hard to master (with some characters, there are some that are really easy to play).Nice visuals on the attacks.Except for the side missions in the story, which were made hard to play by making the enemy deal a lot more damage and take less damage instead of making the computer play better, i have not much to complain about.For fans of the one piece universe this is really great. Fighting system reminds of the naruto games."
76561198282586003,Recommended,425220,35049722,Posted: 18 September,all,Ike5598,O M F G !!
76561198300419433,Recommended,425220,35065677,Posted: 19 September,all,theme.kosit,Please make it 60 fps.
,Not Recommended,425220,35022912,Posted: 17 September,all,Nawani,"Against computer you get owned very easily and they eat your life more than 50% so easily that combat ends in less than 20 seconds.And don't play with Xbox one controller as wireless, many inputs were lost or answered very late."
,Recommended,425220,35021354,Posted: 17 September,all,Febbe,Very nice
76561198400190542,Not Recommended,425220,35019248,Posted: 17 September,all,AceOfSpade ♠,"This game is a lot of fun, but thats if you are a fighting game fan who likes to play multiplayer, this games story is really short and most of the characters you will need to buy a dlc to get, in my opinion I wouldnt recommend this game if you prefer games with a good storyline, but if you like fighting games online... Go for it."
76561198079884854,Recommended,425220,35055082,Posted: 18 September,all,Hentai Haven,ONE PIECE
