user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,425210,23073521,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Charon,"Just to be clear from the start, Shadwen is not a bad game. I'm just not recommending it. Here's why.Shadwen is an odd game, cobbled together from various other mechanics and it's good that indie developers try stuff like this. However, this time it doesn't work so well.The core game plays like early stealth games, not so much Assassin's Creed as Tenchu Stealth Assassins. The stealth kills are fairly bland (I count 3 I think, neck stab, throat slit, double kidney stab). There's a grappling hook which gets you spotted more often than not and is best used for dragging objects to cause distractions. There's the rewind time mechanic from Prince of Persia: Sands of Time which having no in game explanation or any restrictions pretty much wrecks any challenge in the game. There's also the ""time only flows if you move"" thing most recently seen in Superhot. It's cool, it's very very cool... but it doesn't bring anything to a game that has no combat... There's not one single moment where it comes in useful.The game can be played as a murder hobo (kill everyone) or a stealthy (kill no one) kinda deal... Sounds great right, kill no one? Pro Stealth? That would be great except the whole thing is one giant escort mission of a girl called Lily. The guards can't actually see her... but you need to provide her with cover to get from point A to point B. Sadly often her AI refuses to move even when the coast is clear so murdering people is far easier than trying to stealth it. Sadly, Lily has no personality whatsoever and will chastise you between levels for murdering people... On top of that there's very little in the way of story, no character progression, hud, skills or loot. Oh there's some sort of crafting system but I finished the game just fine without crafting anything in 6 hours. A pressure mine doesn't seem so cool when it's game over the moment the guards see a dead body...And why is Lily even there? Because my Assassin on a mission to kill the king for reasons unknown happened to get spotted by her and decided to drag her along instead of slitting her throat? O_OUltimately, I don't dislike the game. It was an ok six hours, but that's all it is. One evening's entertainment. You may get more mileage if you really wanna go through twice for achievements' sake but the level design is linear and unimaginative and the game just doesn't live up to the potential.The time stopping is cool though... I can't deny it. Pointlessly cool.(Edited for typos)"
,Recommended,425210,24262237,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,arcanum.zero,"Shadwen is not a AAA diamond, polished to a shine, and I am not going to tell you that it does not ache for some better coding in places.  For a game released in 2016 it feels more like the early Thief games.  The models and textures have been updated; the animations, maybe not.  But its engine is serviceable, and used to create a fun twist on the stealth genre.I see some reviewers referring to this game as one big escort mission, and it isn't fair.  The little girl, Lily, can't die.  She can't even alert the guards.  She follows a more or less predetermined path through the levels and it is your job to clear the way for her, not because if she's seen you will lose, but because she won't allow herself to be seen -- if a guard is watching her path, she will run back to cover.Now, that said, Lily is elite.  She plays the game like a stealth veteran, walking right up behind guards and waiting for them to turn so she can slip past them.  She runs along lines of peripheral vision like she's the assassin, not you.  Her pathing might be the best bit of coding in the game.  That's not to say she never glitches, but when she does, it is generally in your favor.If you're really into stealth games like I am, you might actually find yourself wishing she was less good, because at times it doesn't feel ilke she is adding the challenge to the game you were expecting.Shadwen is reasonably priced and worth a purchase for stealth fans, if only because more indie developers need to be encouraged to move into this space.  With Assassin's Creed moving further and further from traditional stealth and the future of Metal Gear Solid in question, there is a void to fill, and Frozenbyte has made a good faith effort."
76561198032619427,Recommended,425210,24672604,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,pifesh,"A nice  ""Big Small"" game. Small, because it not takes  too many hours, but big , because it has many ways to finish each chapter. It´s a stealth game where you character must remain unseen...it´s up to you if you want to be a silent assassin or just a shadow, avoiding to kill while you try to reach your goal.-Nice graphics.-Fair ""medieval""  atmosphere.-Good control system ( you can advance or rewind in the time,).-Music it´s ok-Multiple ways to finish the story..based in your choices..I had a nice surprise with this game...i recommend it  :)"
,Recommended,425210,23043149,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,c1gar5,"Killing is easy, not killing and getting away with it is the challenge!Ok, so the little girl can be annoying and not go where you want sometimes, but I got kids..... they never do as they are told."
,Recommended,425210,23090960,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Katana,"Shadwen has completely rocked the stealth genre for me, with some very new ideas. Even if all those ideas aren't totally polished, there is a very strong foundation here and it's definitely worth picking up.Stealth games are one genre that I have wanted to love so much, but I felt tended to be quite restricted to ""the experts"". When you do find one you can play, it's often because it feels like it's been made ""forgiving"" for you, like allowing Sam Fisher to storm the gates with a silenced shotgun (Or, silenced Tranquilizer Machine Gun if you're playing pacifist). Guards may find you, but give them a few minutes and they'll forget you - and in spite of a story that says ""They can never know we were here"", you will get spotted and hide many times. The concept feels like it could be so much fun, but only if you're a grandmaster of it; if you're the 47 silent assassin type who knows the guard patrols before even hitting New Game.Shadwen could be called ""forgiving"", but I prefer to think of it as being much more forgiving of experimentation. Reflexes are in no demand at all because time only moves when you move (SUPER. HOT.) Hiding in the correct alley or using the right tool the moment a guard turns a corner becomes a *choice*, not a required instantaneous response. Taking reflexes out of that equation turns out to provide many, many more options.Execution is also a major flub of stealth games. Everyone has had a moment where they crept up behind a guard in a game, hit the attack button, and missed, resulting in the entire base going on alert. Worse, the next thing that happens is either you run and hide, extending a part of the game you don't enjoy, or you instantly go to Reload Checkpoint, using the game's of-course-achingly-slow loading times. Shadwen has a physics engine that is part of the core mechanics - so it certainly doesn't give precise results to rectify that type of fumble. But, it does let you rewind time at any point; which initially feels like a complete cheat, but essentially imitates little more than the quicksave-bog many old PC gamers have already trod through. And, it allows the designers to safely try out a number of scenarios.- You can never be caught. Instead of any kind of ALERT phase, guards simply instantly kill you with a crossbow (showing ""Rewind to continue"" onscreen, like Braid).- Physics items are a big part of distractions and even special kills in the game. Even if you happened to push one off a ledge at a bad time, you can try again right away.- Single use items can be experimented with freely, rather than worrying about accidentally wasting one.- As a nice aside, if you interrupted a guard's unique conversation by kicking a dog, you can rewind to hear him speak.Plenty of times in other games I've only figured out the right time to use the right item in the right spot *after* the moment has passed. This happens in Shadwen too, until I realize I can just go back to that moment.The topic of Lily, the girl you escort, will likely come up as the only thing more horrific in games than ""escort mission"" is ""stealth escort mission"". In reality, Lily is little more than the result of a game design session where it turned out that with merely an hour's practice, players could use the game's Grappling hook to fly through the level at mach 2. Lily cannot actually be caught by guards - but she will only move when they're not looking or dead, meaning even if Shadwen herself has many movement options, you still need to work out a safe ground path to the objective.On the topic of killing, Shadwen also makes pacifistic runs pretty difficult, and it feels more rewarding. There is no ""knock unconscious for an hour"" button, only the ability to briefly distract guards in various ways. There may be a later difference in ending for never killing anyone, but that's not the reason I'm trying it. Shadwen simplifies stealth enough that it actually becomes fun, rather than a slog, to challenge yourself in a way that you'd prefer.A few small negatives I will note, firstly (although it's a pretty common negative that's never made a game much worse for me) is pretty dumb AI. Hearing the desperately-varied ""I heard a noise"" line gets tiresome, and seeing guards confused by the rogue hiding behind a twig-sized bush is kind of silly. In addition, most of the storyline is told through concept art cutscenes, which are not stellar but serve their purpose. These are little bits of polish that might have been nice to see rounded off, but they don't affect the package - especially for its price, Shadwen has much uniqueness in the stealth genre to offer."
76561198074410997,Recommended,425210,28426866,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kendaar,"This is the biggest guilty pleasure I have ever had, its buggy and glitchy, the only game that I have actualy encountered in such a state, no crashing or anything game breaking. The game is baddly designed, linear gameplay which is basically the same the entire game, with a grand total of 2 enemy types, the entire game is an escort mission, when spotted, you are instantly killed from any range.But, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut, I love this game and completed it in one day of straight playing.This is due to 2 main things:1. The time reversal mechanic2. The f*****g hilarious physics, and how it works with the worldFirstly, at any time in the game, you can reverse time taking you back to anytime, tthis can be used to restart the section or to stop you accidently falling of the edge of a platform. BAM! all problems with bugs and insta deaths are erased! This lets you do whatever the f*** you want, and here comes the physics, you get a rope to attach to anything wooded, so you can swing from rafters and swing around barrels while hiding in said rafters. The reason this is good and useful is for your mobility allowing you to get the right angle on guards, and some physics objects can kill guards when dropped on them and, here is the reason for hilarious moments, every objects movements distracts guards, this has lead me to bouncing boxes up and down in front of their faces while waiting for that little girl to move on.Its hard to explain why i love this game but if you play it for 2 hours you will understand why, if you like stealth and are ready for some stupid moments get this game and give it a whirl"
76561197970653174,Not Recommended,425210,25761234,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,tran_fors,"I wish Steam had a ""neutral"" vote - the game's not bad, but I stopped playing because I got tired of waiting for some sort of progression/explanation/plot/etc.That said, it IS a ""If you're curious, buy it on sale"" - you'll probably really enjoy playing the first 3-4 levels.Positives:* A great combination of skills makes this a unique playing experience.* The levels are both nicely laid out and well-stocked with guards and things you can distract them with.* It acknowledges and encourages playstyles that are non-violent.Negatives:* Zero character development.* The ""time doesn't pass when you don't move"" and the ""rewind time"" powers (given w/ no explanation) mean that there's little challenge.* If exclusively sneaking, the levels rapidly devolve into ""*yawn* Oh, another level where I jump on ledges and tug on objects w/ the grapnel hook to let the sidekick sneak by guards"".* Gadgets are often hard to gather ingredients for, and are used up when you use them.  I tried using them a little for the heck of it, and wasn't very impressed.Edit: Clarified some grammar & sentence structure."
,Recommended,425210,23436500,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,GearsandCogs,"I love stealth games. I love FrozenByte's games. I loved this game. I think that is strange considering it is a weird hybrid of stealth gameplay, puzzle mechanics and escort mission, but it works.There's two ways to approach this in my opinion. Either you take it as a pure stealth challenge and try to make a path quietly by all guards like a real assassin or you carve a blood trail figuring out how to kill all guards without raising a huge alarm. In either case, it is essential a series of puzzles that must be approached using some intelligence. You've got a series of tools at your disposable to distract or kill guards.Though there isn't much of a story, I appreciate the subtle story telling through guard dialogue and small conversations with Lilly. Far too many games are heavy handed with long♥♥♥♥♥CG cut scenes that you can't skip, none of that here.I'd advise people to watch a youtube video of the gameplay, but if you do like real stealth games (i.e. Hitman, not Assasin's Murder-A-Million-Guards Creed) then this game is for you.Edit: Further note, the story does change somewhat depending on how you deal with guards. I noticed inter level dialogue changed on my playthrough killing guards. That is a nice detail worth mentioning."
,Recommended,425210,27919231,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,genoforprez,"Shadwen is an excellent and easy-to-recommend game if ROLEPLAYING stealth is sufficient for you, but it may leave you unsatisfied if you are seeking a grueling challenge.Styx: Master of Shadow + Superhot = ShadwenShadwen is a mavelous game and I'm sorry that I let the complaining reviews leave me hesitant for so long. It's both beautiful to look at and fun to play. But let's be clear about where I'm coming from:--If you are a person who loves traditional stealth, loves HIGHLY CHALLENGING traditional stealth, and have no complaints with the traditional stealth genre whatsoever... then you're probably going to find Shadwen too easy and too boring.--If you are a person who finds traditional stealth annoying AF because it is almost always frustratingly ambiguous, so you end up replaying the same bit over and over again because you can't read the game's mind? Maybe you found Mark of the Ninja really refreshing because of how not-so-ambiguous it was for a stealth game? Well then you might enjoy Shadwen! Being able to freeze time and rewind time pretty much saves you from all the classic stealth annoyances.Also bear in mind, this is not your usual stealth game in the sense of you merely needing to make it through a level, possibly steal something on the way, etc. This is actually an---okay, bear with me---it's an escort game. BUT THAT'S OKAY. Escort missions are only ever annoying because the people you are escorting are dumb af, die constantly, and require hand-holding, but that's not what's going on here. The girl you are escorting is basically invincible and will never actually alert guards, even if it looks like they SHOULD see her. (Some people find this dumb, but I call those people persnickety. It would be annoying as hell if the game did not make her invincible this way.) Kinda like Skyrim/Fallout rules where you can trigger alarms but your companions (usually) don't. The companion you're escorting is kinda like that.Since your companion is basically invincible/undetectable, Shadwen's gameplay becomes sort of like one of those rolling marble mazes, where you have to tilt the maze to allow the marble to roll through. Every level is a maze with a certain path to the exit. First you need to identify a path. Then you need to eliminate guards or distract guards so that Lily (your escortee) can run past them when their attention is diverted. And of course, you need to avoid getting spotted yourself. You proceed through each level this way until both you and Lily reach the exit. You cannot complete the level unless Lily makes it to the exit with you. There are various chests you can rob along the way, snatching up materials to craft helpful gadgets (though I honestly have not found much use for them except just as some extra fun to play with).The hookshot is a central part of the gameplay, and admittedly the hookshot controls AND physics can be.... a little bit on the janky side. Sometimes humorously/nonsensically on the janky side. This would be a huge problem if the game didn't have unlimited time rewind. Since you can just rewind if some jank manages to jankify your hookshot maneuver, it's hardly a problem. It's no more strange than Skyrim's sideways horses. (Except in this case, YOU CAN FIX IT.)The only two complaints I can say about this game so far is that the hookshot/stoptime controls are REAAALLLY WEEEEIRD at first. I didn't really start getting the hang of them until end of level 2 / beginning of level 3.The other complaint is that you get some serious fatigue in your right index finger holding down RB (or Q on KBM) to make time flow normally. It would have been better if they had created an option to TOGGLE time stop instead of requiring you to hold the button down, but there is no such option, and you sure are going to notice. #1 reason to stop playing Shadwen for the night is so that your time-unstopping finger can get some f****ing rest.So in the end, Shadwen is a different kind of stealth game. It's a little bit more casual difficulty with a unique focus on creating paths for a second character. Stealth purists may be turned off, but I will gladly drink their tears, because I'm having a grand old time.7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,425210,23058718,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/RtVkpo1SWj8THIS IS A MIXED REVIEW! TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Shadwen is a stealth action adventure, where you must escort an orphaned girl throughout your quest to kill the king.First off, I didn’t like the entire premise of the story. You play as Shadwen, and the game starts off with you on your way to assassinate the king, and right away you stumble upon a little girl named Lily confronted by a guard near where you’re trying to enter. If I’m an assassin, chances are that I may be a sociopath, so I’m not sure why I would bother helping Lily. Then, if for some reason, I’m not a sociopath, then I would be concerned for her safety and sure as hell NOT take her on my assassination quest that will certainly be dangerous, and where she will be a  liability to both her safety and mine. Either way I look at it, the story makes no sense to me, and I think there are other stories that could have fit the escort stealth gameplay better. Maybe like trying to rescue the girl, and bring her to safety, and not take her further into harm’s way.Anyway, onward to kill the king, you have to escort Lily through all the guards from one hiding spot to the next to get her to the end of each level.Guards one-shot you if you are in sight long enough, and if they see another dead guard, they sound the alarm, and you die. On the bright side, you can rewind time whenever you mess up, so the game is very forgiving in that sense. It was certainly helpful throughout the first 11 chapters I played as a pacifist.The last 4 chapters, I started killing people in secret, and hiding the bodies, but then a message popped up that Lily saw a maimed corpse. I rewound the game time about 10 minutes from when the message first popped up, and still couldn’t find what she found. I’m not sure why the message came up so late, but I just said screw it and kept going anyway.The AI for Lily was inconsistent. She would usually just go on her own with no problems at all, and sometimes even lead me where I needed to go. Then other times she would run back and forth between previous hiding spots for no apparent reason. I would try to command her, she wouldn’t listen or stay; it was very annoying when it did happen, but luckily it wasn’t all the time.Pros:voice acting was done well (especially the conversations between Lily and Shadwen)consistent with most stealth games, where not killing is always harder and more time consuming than killing guardsthere are some schematics to craft different tools to usemusic was alright, but didn’t really stand out as THAT greatwhether you kill secretly, blatantly murder people in front of her, or don’t kill anyone at all, it feels like your actions do have the potential to change the outcome of the storyCons:the entire premise of the story is dumb and makes no senseguards talk way too much, and it's very repitive and annoyingguards rarely, if ever, look up - they are also oblivious to the ropes when you repeatedly grapple hook next to them, and through themgrapple hooking to climb felt awkward, and often you just hang there not being able to climb upwhen grappling objects to pull, you have to move to pull them (the rope wind does not work), which often leads to falling off of narrow beams you are perched onnoticeable bugs with texturesguards behave strangely, and have wonky animations (i.e. bumping into things)levels mostly felt and looked the same (with the exception of about 2 out of 15 chapters)crafting materials are limited, and most of them are lethal, so you don’t get to use them THAT frequentlyusing the time rewind makes makes the game too easy if you plan to kill guards instead of playing as a pacifistplaying without killing constantly gets very tedious since you have very few non-lethal tools at your disposal - you will mostly be using your grapple hook to pull yourself higher and to create distractions by moving objects (more tools, and a way to knock out guards by hand without killing them would have been nice)Conclusion:The game took me about 7.5 hours, while playing mostly as a pacifist. There is replay value if you want to try see the difference your choices made, and for achievements. But for as much as I enjoy stealth games, this one had a lot of annoyances, and it’s not that I hated the game, but I didn’t enjoy it as much as I thought I would either.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,425210,23194875,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Krinberry,"I bought this game with basically no knowledge of what it was, loaded it up, and immediately saw that everything looked frozen when I moved. ""Wow, this game is awful,"" I thought. Then I figured out that that was the mechanic - similar to SuperHot, the world only moves when you do. This is incredibly handy as the game progresses, and indeed is almost essential at some points to make some of the cool grappling hook maneuvers and synced kills (if you go that route).Some random thoughts on the game:- The AI is not great, but passable for a Stealth game; not great, laughably terrible at dealing with certain things, easy enough to game once you understand the patterns... but just complex enough to be a bit of a challenge rather than just a time waster.- The grappling hook is a ton of fun. The physics around it gets pretty silly at times, but this is a fun adventure game, so that's not really a negative.- There's a morality system. And like most morality systems, as far as I can tell it doesn't really matter much. At least this one has the benefit of being unique in that you're not really concerned about whether or not you kill, so much as whether or not you let the little girl see you doing it.- The graphics are great, I really like the atmosphere in this game.- The guard conversations occasionally made me feel bad about killing them. :)Overall, despite a few rough spots this game is quite a bit of fun. If you find dumb AI frustrating then you might not get as much out of it, but if you're okay with that then I'd say it's worth at least grabbing and farting around the first level. The modding system looks like it could potentially extend the value of the game further too.Money well spent!"
,Recommended,425210,23048742,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,nydel,"i've been playing for about an hour under gnu/linux (current debian distribution) with nvidia hardware and proprietary video drivers; it runs perfectly on my machine even in high-graphics mode in maximum resolution.immediately i adore everything about shadwen. the gameplay is quite unique, the story immediately intriguing & with an element of choice (e.g. your main character can choose to sneak past guards or murder them to death in the back with her knife) and the mechanics of her jumping and grapling hook are to great effect enhanced by that time passes only when you are doing something (including holding down the ""let time pass"" button) and that you can simply reverse should you make a fatal mistake or decide you'd rather murder a guard later (as i did.. the first guard i immediately killed, but then decided to rewind, distract him until the young girl i'm protecting is out of sight, and /then/ slit his throat for verbally assaulting the little girl as i arrived).one criticism: i'm not a fan of beginning a story with its ending then cutting to 3 weeks earlier or whenever. our stories should begin when when they begin. i may not feel that way about this instance/story once i finish it, and i will be updating my review as that happens."
76561197982441850,Recommended,425210,26712178,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,prelude2disaster,"When I first started the game, it was truly intriguing. Immediately, I identified it as Superhot meets Tenchu meets PoP:SoT. I played through first as super stealth, no-kill girl and by the sixth level, it was starting to gt repetative. Start at A, ditract guards, move Lily (a permanent escort) toward B ad infinitum. I was thankful when that playthrough was finished.As a bit of an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥, I replayed the last segment a couple of times to get the ""kill some and spare"" and ""kill some and kill"" achievements and it was a lot more fun.The second full playthrough was ""kill everything that breathes"" and it was a hell of a lot more entertaining! Distract guards to leave their group, dive on them from above, hide body and slowly pick them off until the area is clear. It was in this playthrough that the gadget crafting came into its own. I was willfully strapping bombs to boxes and pushing them off of ledges in to large groups and watching the corpses go flying! One one occassion, one of the explosions caused a guard to go flying so far it hit and killed another guard. Much laughter occured.So why Superhot and Sands of Time?Two of the mechanics in the game that assist in the careful planning and execution of levels are the ability to rewind time if you♥♥♥♥♥♥up (the grappling hook takes some getting used to) and time only moves when you do (or hold Q to advance it). It gives you the chance for trial and error, until you find your best approach.For any other Achievement hunters, let me say that you MUST do the stealth playthrough first as Lily remembers all kills after completing a level, even if you replay it stealthy next time.So yeah, I recommend this game, though I'd defo wait till it's on sale."
,Recommended,425210,23229737,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ranakanth,"Summary: Worth playing.  Overall enjoyable game, great stealth problem-solver (if you're going the non-violent route), was a bit disappointed by the narrative.Pros:-Non-violent gameplay options-Wide freedom of movement-Enjoyable to think your way through the environments and challenges-Narrative and characters influenced by whether you're wittnessed killing anyone-Fun and inventive stuff you can do with the physics engine and inventory itemsCons:-Story fell short, felt like I missed the protagonist's motivation (possibly this was revealed in the dialogue if I chose the violent route?  Not sure)-Gameplay gets repetitive after a few chapters"
,Recommended,425210,23059697,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,thiz,"Update: A little update for the story and length of the game, after having finished it. Took me about 6-7 hours to finish the 15 levels, I played on easy with a no gadget run. Enjoyed every bit of it, story falls very flat though. Almost not in there.Original Review: 99 minutes and 5 chapters in, this game is a big improvement from the demo, which I was very overwhelmed with even with the strange tutorial videos in it. The finished product however is very good at explaining things, its simple, has a great atmosphere, which is probably its strongest point. After every level/chapter which goes on for about 10-15 minutes, you get a picture of the city with Shadwen and Lily have a small line of dialogue to progress the story, in which mostly for the first five levels they just started to getting to know each other.You have to escort a girl called Lily in the game. Fear not however, Lily's AI is great, she knows the waypoints of her opponents, so shes never running into them by accident, if shes programmed to know that they turn around, she goes hiding in foresight, which completely makes frustration not happen ever in this game. Escort yes. But in a good, clean way.The technicalities are a little rough around the edges. You can not turn off FXAA by default, you have to go in the Appdata folder for that, which is very strange. Why would I want my screen to be blurred like hell, just so I cant make out any edges?I encountered a few bugs along the way. I got out of bounds and fell through one spot in the second level, being the first level you control Shadwen in, which can be reproduced every time, but since you can just revert time, stuff like that is no problem in this game - kills immersion however. Also, reverting time while triggering the end of a level, makes you hear the revert sound forever until you revert time again. Stuff like that shouldn't happen.Last  but not least, the controls are a little clunky. Using the grappling hook to climb can be a big challenge in some cases. Still, totally recommended, I am not a Trine kinda guy, but I am a Shadwen kinda man."
,Recommended,425210,31303500,Posted: 22 April,all,TheMetallicHeart,+it's a fun game if you like sneaking around and being creative when you kill people+I've had a lot of fun trolling the guards+sweet but short story between you and Lilly if you play the game right+4 different endings+you can make mods-it can be a bit much with the guards constantly thinking the dark spirits are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at them-and the game is a bit short
,Recommended,425210,23278632,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Qchto,"The only issue with this game is it will make you wish all other games had a rewind mechanic. And don't worry too much about the escort mechanics in this game, it's definitely one of the least intrussive ones there is.Definitely worth it's current price ($17) if you enjoyed games like PoP: Sands of Time, SUPERHOT or RONIN."
,Recommended,425210,26130433,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:FrozenbytePublishers:FrozenbyteInitial release:May 2016Genre:Stealth, Action, Physics#Worth/NotWorth:#WaitForSaleBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): Tim Burtons only slightly gothic but very janky physics demo that totally isn't Dishonored. I'm pretty sure they stole the Sands of Time and used the traps from “Deception”.Exposition, Concurrence and SummationThis game is ♥♥♥♥ing goofy.Shadwenis really not to be taken seriously. This is a stealth game wherein the physics are questionable, the AI is even worse and is super janky all around at any given moment. To be honest it's kind of broken, but its the kind of broken that is actually quite fun to mess around with.Now, it is essentially an escort mission throughout but Lilly is basically completely autonomous, you can additionally tell her where to go or to hide more accurately if you feel the need. Each map is on the smaller side in all fairness. You yourself can typically reach the end of the stage fairly easily but the real objective is to bring Lilly along with you; getting her to the double switch door that seems to be the only non human security method in the castle.One of the more unique things about the game is the fact that if you don't press any buttons time completely stops. You have to either hold Q or Ctrl to idle while moving time forward. But this has the benefit of planning an attack on which guards are possibly going to discover something first. Now to address the elephant in the room so to speak you can rewind the entire level for no cost-- at any time. And this is not without reason; You and Lilly cannot be seen at all, nor can any guards find a dead body lest the mission be scrapped. That is, once they found a body they cannot be allowed to reach the alarm. I should also mention there is some vague “Dishonored” -esk mentality in which letting Lilly see you kill or letting her see a dead body changes her opinion of you.The psychics are very questionable, you can never really rely on them entirely but as you play around the more you realize the AI responds to very specific things. You can use the grappling hook to get around or to pull boxes as a distraction.The rope is invisible I guess as nobody ever seems to notice it, chalking it up to the dark spirits.You can also craft items from various oddities hidden in chests. This is where the Deception comparison comes in; Arrow and pressure traps can be used to kill guards as well as rolling devices to be used for distraction and leading.It isn't terribly long, about 5 hours, but it does have some steam workshop support should that interest you.THE GISTThis game is borderline broken but its the good kind of broken. The kind of broken you want to mess around with. It has heart.Follow my curation for more"
76561198283608839,Recommended,425210,29814042,Posted: 9 February,all,ChallengerIII,"Nice game, wasn't sure about it when I bought it, but definitly a good game. Got a decent story, and really nice game mechanics. Love the way you can pause or rewind time, very useful. Also, all your actions feel smooth, I like that. However, be warned, this is a short game. Took me ~5ish hours to beat all the levels. If you wanted to complete all the achivments I'd estimate ~10-15h of total playtime. This game is also a gpu hog. Playable on  a gtx 950m on medium/low, but still can't max it with an rx 480. Looks gorgeous though.In summary, short but fun stealth game. Beautiful graphics, smooth gameplay, and a decent story. 8/10"
,Recommended,425210,23053631,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Garwan50,"The game is really great, but some mechanics makes it really easy, you can trick the AI, and it misses some mechanics, like making a quick pull with the grappling, or asking the little girl to put her hands in front of her eyes temporary.Also, assembling crafting components is hard, i don't know if it's just me but i don't find a lot of components, making most of the traps hard to use.The rewind mechanics make the whole game really easy, if you get caught, just rewind try another way, the only way to loose is if the AI of the girl is bugged, which happened sometimes.With more money, the game could be really better, but it's still a great experience, i don't regret my purchase."
,Recommended,425210,23140252,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,karl.astrom,I love stealth games. I love having the option to finish the game in total stealth or to kill everything I see. I love the rewind time mechanic instead of having to reload every few minutes. It helps you stay in the game. I love the lily mechanic which in a very natural way forces you to solve some navigation problems every level in clever ways.Quite frankly this is close to the perfect game to appeal to my particular tastes. Halfway through I was already hoping for this to become a franchise with many sequels.
,Recommended,425210,25373299,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Shadwen: Full Stealth Rewind and Fast ForwardShadwen is a third person stealth escort game crafted by Frozenbyte. You play as Shadwen, an assassin on a mission to kill the king. Early in your journey you save a little girl named Lily from a guard and she then accompanies you on your journey through a medieval city on the way to execute your target.StoryThe story in Shadwen is the weakest part of the game by a large margin. It makes zero sense. First of all, there is no backstory. You begin the game as the little girl, Lily, who is on her way to snatch an apple from a tree. She is caught by a guard but before anything can happen you begin playing as Shadwen ( this intro playing as Lily and Shadwen serves as your tutorial as well) and save Lily from the guard. You are on a mission to assassinate the King who has just defeated the old royal and taken up residence in the castle. For some reason, you decide to take Lily along for the ride. There seems to be no legitimate reason to take this little girl along with you since you already saved her from the guard. From this point until the end of the game, you sneak and/or kill your way through the city with Lily in tow, chatting with her between chapters (briefly).That is basically the story. Listening to guards speaking throughout the game serves to build up the lore of the city and the war that just ended but beyond that there is really nothing to the story except Lily and Shadwen getting to know each other (for good or bad depending on how you prefer to play the game (more on that in the gameplay section)). The ending reveals that Shadwen and the king have a personal grudge but no other information on that is forthcoming. Then you and Lily either decide to travel on together or part ways (depending on how murderous you have been during your playthrough and if you chose to kill the king or not).Ultimately, the story in Shadwen was as vague and loosely written as it could possibly be. There didnt seem to be any real reason behind most of it. That earns the story part of my review a 3 out of 10.GameplayWhereas the story in Shadwen marked the weak point of the game, the gameplay itself was the best part. This is a stealth game through and through and it is handled quite well – almost to perfection. It does become sort of a joke that you are always hiding in bushes and haystacks, the latter placed throughout the city despite a distinct lack of horses or other hay grazing critters, but whatever. Assassins Creed did the same thing (with the addition of horses of course), so I can forgive that. What really makes the stealth in Shawden shine is the guard placement and rotations and the open world aspects of each chapter that may be limited in size but offer you a vast array of options to complete each level.You are presented with three styles of stealth play: total stealth with no kills, total stealth with some kills, and total stealth as a psycho who kills everybody. Fortunately for the good citizens of the city, they are under martial law through the entire game so you only ever encounter the King’s guardsmen. The way in which you approach the game will in small part impact the ending you receive(good, bad, almost good). In my opinion, the best ending is the almost good ending which was actually the only good ending, and so a play through where you kill as you like is perfect to achieve that one (as long as you dont kill the King at the end). However, based on the gameplay variance you could get three distinct playthroughs out of this that are all different based on the strategies you employ and the approach you take. My playthrough lasted about 9 hours but I also took my time.You initially will craft a grappling hook and this will become your best friend (aside from the aforementioned haystacks) as you can use it on any wooden object. Although the obvious and oft applied use will be to climb and/or gain height advantages, you can also use the grappling hook to move objects such as crates which can be used to distract guards so you can more easily sneak by them or assassinate them. This will also give Lily greater opportunities to move past the guards as well. There are a variety of other items you can craft ranging from bombs and traps to decoys. I didnt find these to be particularly useful but they are there if you want them. Materials are found in chests located throughout the game and blueprints for them are likewise found in chests.When enemies can be heard they glow white making them easy to see. When they are actually alerted they glow yellow. This clearly lets you know where they are at pretty much all times. You can still run into guards you haven’t yet seen and heard but ultimately this is a useful tracking tool.So with all of that said, the most useful feature in the game is the rewind/fast forward option and this is integral to all aspects of gameplay since time only moves when you do. This world is frozen unless you are moving or employing the rewind/fast forward option. Shadwen will use this to great effect since any decision can be re imagined and redone to your heart’s content. This is especially important, as you will die anytime a guard actually sees you (they all have crossbows, so presumably you are shot dead). However, since you can rewind time at will, you actually never die and there is no limit to how far you roll back time. The fast forward is used a little differently. Although you can combine it with selective rewinding to perfect a jump or attack, it’s more practical application is for when you are sitting still but need time to advance normally. This will allow guards to continue on their patrols and such.The gameplay in Shadwen was pretty deep and extremely well done. The first few minutes will feel awkward but once you get the hang of things this game plays seamlessly. 9 out of 10GraphicsThe graphics were not bad in Shadwen but they weren’t anything like previous Frozenbyte efforts. I think their goal was to create a more muted world similar to what you might experience in one of the Thief games and to an extent, they were successful. The events in the game also happen at night so it makes sense that the world would lack a certain luster. That said, I didnt find most of the game to be particularly noteworthy in this regard and in fact, from one chapter to the next, most of the assets were repeated throughout. If you’ve seen one chapter, you’ve basically seen like eleven of the fourteen others (there are fifteen chapters in Shadwen). Only three of the chapters felt truly unique when compared to the others and those were my favorites personally. There were however a couple of very nice moments  that enhanced the experience from a graphics standpoint.A little above average but nothing too spectacular and quite reminiscent of late generation six to early generation seven graphics. 7 out of 10SoundThe audio in Shadwen was fairly well done perfectly in some regards and poorly in others. It’s a quiet world obviously, as it is nighttime and there is generally less going on, but I found the dialogue amongst the guards in particular to be a highlight. Other nuances like crows and such really helped add to the depth of the city such as it was. Conversely, the voice acting, what little there was with Shadwen and Lily was pretty underwhelming.7 out of 10VerdictIf you are craving a true stealth game, Shadwen will satisfy that urge immaculately. It truly shines as a stealth game. Despite Shadwen also being one long escort mission, it still is as good as it gets with regards to stealth. I think only Dishonored really does a markedly better job in 3-D. Shadwen has many flaws, but overall, it is a game worth experiencing.Overall, Shadwen provides 6.5 corpses of unfortunate guardsmen hidden in glorious bales of hay out of 10 possible."
,Recommended,425210,23043844,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Soul4rent,"From what I've played of the game, it is an enjoyable experience.People complain about the AI for the escort, but for the most part, its fine. Its definately not a hard game by any means due to the fact that you can rewind time at ANY point, but it doesn't make it less enjoyable.The story is fine, the gameplay is a unique risk taken by the studio, and its definately interesting enough to check out."
,Recommended,425210,23081581,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,dipsy,"At first glance, this game is not something that special. But when i progressed in the game, when i got some explosive traps, basicly the game got so much fun. Exploiting physics with explosive traps to take down a huge group of enemies in one boom is so satisfying and brought a smile to my face.Give this game a chance if you like stealthy gameplay and if you like to mess around with physics.Ratings:AI 4 out of 10Fun factor 8 out of 10Explosive traps 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,425210,23045939,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dinoworld112,This game is solid If you like to stealth and planning how to get around guards and watching they movements then this  you will adore this game you can go though the game stabbing away   but you can also be peaceful and avoid conflict    My favorite part of the game is the guards some  times I stop just to listion to the conversations :) <3
,Recommended,425210,30474862,Posted: 12 March,all,NEDzorz,"(TIME IS NOT PROPERLY MEASURED BY STEAM)This game has left me in awe, as it is the most underrated game I have played. I honestly had anticipated refunding it, because i could not imagine a game being decent with such a low metascore. I cannot speak to how Shadwen was at release, but now in 2017 it is a solid stealth game. Shadwen should be described as a physics based stealth game in which you are the master of time. If you desire to play a stealth game where you keep restarting the entire level so you can achieve some score which arbritrarily values your abilities, then this game is not for you. It should be understood that the reason you have this wonderful time ability is because Shadwen has a challenging mechanical complexity that would not be achievable without it. (with any input devices that exist today in 2017)Those of you worried that this is ""AN ESCORT MISSION"", I promise IT IS NOT. I hate escort missions in games as well. In Shadwen you arent protecting anybody other than yourself, you just have what I see as the ghost of your innocence following you in the distance. (the ghost girl cannot be caught or cause you to fail in any way) However if you play as a pacifist it is about navigating the ghost between npcs,  requiring extreme patience. (even playing as a pacifist doesn't exactly feel like an escort mission.)Shadwen is easily worth twice its current sale price of less than 5$. It might actually be my favorite stealth game, even though I am a fan of the Hitman series and many others. The physics interactions create a range of scenarios that are challenging, but also very dynamic in how they can be approached.My biggest complaint is the graphics,  I expected the lighting to be much better as the Trine series have fantastic graphics. (TO THE DEVELOPERS:>>WHY IS THERE A DUMB CIRCLE SHADOW WHEN YOU ALREADY HAVE SHADOWS BASED ON THE LIGHTING? WHO DOES THAT?)Overall I love the game and recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed a stealth game in their life."
76561198037745413,Recommended,425210,23820827,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Agt. Lucy Ashworth,"It's ultimately worth a buy, worth a play.+++PROS+++I like stealth games, and this one's spin on stealth was enjoyable and to be learned from. You play as an assassin, but the main challenge is clearing a path for a little girl; getting yourself through would be easy.The game cuts out waste. Doors and switches trigger automatically, and you can rewind time by the frame to correct mistakes; no deaths or respawns. Time does not move unless you move. This does, however, make it more like a puzzle game.Escort missions are traditionally dreaded, but the girl's AI is written in a way that she will never cause you trouble and you will actually like her for how ""smart"" she is. She will never get caught and the game only ends by your own mistakes.The story is simple, nothing too fancy, but the setting and world building works very well, even if conventionally told through NPC dialogue.---CONS---The gameplay can get repetitive. The levels are pretty open and you have freedom to choose how you want to do things. That said, things are so loose that you can bumble around blindly until the girl moves forward. I found myself often dangling crates in front of guards, making a racket, gathering all guards to me while they stupidly looked at my floating crate and wondered what was going on.There is a crafting system, but I hardly used it. I just didn't need the items. So I just ran around the whole game with a grappling hook and never used the knife either.The morality system is like many; a trite, binary kill or spare. Whether you want a bad ending or not, having this system makes players commit entirely to one route. It is also upsetting when you're an assassin and you never get to kill anyone. In this case, it was also easier to not kill anyone, not harder. Lastly, the endings upset me. Was I being punished with a less desirable ending for sparing everyone? Or is the characters' parting the happier ending because it's good for them? Am I supposed to believe the girl was better off alone?"
,Recommended,425210,31138977,Posted: 14 April,all,Karithay,"Guards don't look up in Shadwen.Shadwen proves to be a passable entry in the stealth genre. It has enough tricks and tools to keep things interesting, especially teh ability to rewind time (albeit slowly) so you can fix mistakes or get a glimpse into a guard's pattern before taking action.Despite its strength, Shadwen has one glaring weakness. Its not the linear levels, its what makes them linear. You're actually free to explore many levels. It turns out the game is really just one giant escort quest spanning fourteen levels, and the only places your companion can go are a series of bushes and haystacks along a linear path.This weakness is also its strength, what makes it unique. Your companion does not break your stealth or end the game if she's seen. In fact, the guards can't interact with her at all, only you. This turns an otherwise normal stealth game into a sort of puzzle game where you have to navigate someone through a maze that isn't you. This process can be incredibly frustrating at times, but it is made easier by being able to tell your companion where to go rather than relying on her AI.You know, for the astounding amount of guards present, there isn't a single gardener. I mean, why are there bushes so thick you can hide in them in houses and stoney corridors?"
,Recommended,425210,33016404,Posted: 29 June,all,One Winged Thanatos,"Time moves when you move in a stealth game, if you like the sound of that then this game delivers, its also a great game for newcomers to the genre given how overpowered that is, the game took me about 11 hours to beat twice and get all achievements in the process but it also has some extra levels and a level editor with steam workshop support so it provides a nice value, if you want a taste of that concept or a game to get you into stealth games then this is totally worth it...But if you have experience with stealth games... keep reading...I LOVE this concept and this game for trying to design a game around it, but the end result is that the player is almost a god given how overpowered the time stop, rewind, grapple hook, x ray vision of alerted guards, and trap items end up being when coupled together, you HAVE to play this on the hardest difficulty (turning all the options in the difficulty menu off) if you want to have any kind of challenge, and if you do that you will realize the only way the devs managed to balance your resources is by making you guide a little girl who does the actual sneaking, while you look over her and distract/kill the guards in her way, wich I found really fun but some might find that disappointing (you DO sneak, its just ridiculously easy to do so) the story does barely enough to justify your presence on the levels but most of these are big and have multiple paths so traversing them is good fun. The gameplay is fun but it relies too much on its physics engine in my opinion so be ready to deal with that. Also worth mentioning: the graphics and sound design are pretty good but lack a little variety.All in all I really enjoyed my time with this game but it has some issues that you have to be willing to overlook in order to fully enjoy it."
,Recommended,425210,33615113,Posted: 17 July,all,Warp,"Shawden is the kind of game that at first looks and feels very sloppy, and very ""meh"". The graphics are a bit last decade (and the few FMVs (who even uses those anymore?!) look two decades old), the controls feel clunky and unpolished, the basic idea of the game boring, and the gameplay itself needlessly difficult at points.Big emphasis on ""at first"". Once you get the the idea, get the hang of it, get used to the controls (at least with a gamepad), actually starts being really addictive. I recommend giving this game a chance for at least a couple of hours before dismissing it. What feels clunky and needlessly difficult at first will actually turn quite natural and even clever gameplay mechanics. The idea behind the stealth mechanic hides a surprising amount of tactical depth that is not necessarily apparent from the beginning. The shock of ""omfg, is this really a huge escort mission?!?"" will soon pass, when you get the idea behind it.There are three ways to play the game: Complete stealth, complete slaughter, or a mix of both. I found myself liking the complete stealth approach the most."
,Recommended,425210,27328809,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flamingrelic,"One of the best games that Frozenbyte has made yet. This game has it all, Stealth, action, time manipulation, choice, and Romance? (still debating on that last one....). This games story and gameplay kept me hooked for several hours. I havn't even gone back yet to play their update ""Escape the castle"" where they redo the levels and have you leave the way you came. It is well worth the full price and seeing it on sale can only make it better."
76561198071861116,Recommended,425210,23076230,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BatChat,"Different from the colorful and beautiful scenes of 'Ttrine', this game is based on a dark style. I would say it is a good game, and its a good trial for the company to swich the 2D game into 3D. I see some common features with the Assassin's Creed Series so it would be a piece of cake if you have played AC series a lot.Funny moments:The funny part of this game is that, sometimes you need to move the boxes to prevent enemy sights of seeing you. Well, if an enemy spotted you and see the 'Strange Position' of a box, he would investigate it and return after a short time. So if you go with non-killing route, you would probably need to create some Labryinth of boxes!Something about the routes: ( YOU CAN IGONRE IT)I dont want to talk too much about it, but I suggest a pure non-killing route first and all-killing the second. Non-killing route requires more time thinking while killing route is easier. Besides, each route has 2 endings. You can choose to kill/punish the king. The final decision will affact the ending the most.Pros:One of the shining points of this game is the great idea of time flow design! You don't need to S/L wihile you died/change your strategy. It helps me greatly come up with better sneaking solutions.Cons:I feel the AIs are kind of stupid,,,(forgive me to say that and I just play with the normal difficulty). In this game, u can only give desitinations for Lily to go. If she was spotted while she was almost at the next cover( bush/grass), she would ""Go straight"" and the enemies seemed to ignore her. I actually used this 'bug' to help me achieve non-killing record for the first time(non-killing route). When she was spotted or going to be spotted and was  less than half way to the next cover, she would return back to previous one AUTOMATICALLY. I found this is kind of annoying and I always needed to flow back time and gave her more detailed instructions.No skills needed and the segments and blueprints are useless. You can still use them if you want, but I just did not use them at all in both non-killing/killing routes. (I will talk about the 2 routes later) You just need to drag the boxes all the time to distract them and get Lily to the destination."
76561198210344241,Recommended,425210,32130176,Posted: 2 June,all,ASH,"BEFORE YOU READ THIS REVIEW ANSWER A SIMPLE QUESTION - How good is your imagination?STILL HERE?? OKAY THENHere we go :-In an alternate universe Spiderman and Indiana Jones met in an adventure and fell in love with each other.A few months later a girl was born...they named her SHAWDEN (because.....errr...ahem..well,don't ask me what goes on parent's minds when naming their child).She was born with the amazing agilty and stealth of her father Spidey and the mastery of whip from her other father Indy.A secret organisation have taken notice of her extraordinay skills and have recruited her for the most important  job she has ever done - TO KILL THE KING.That marks the end of the weirdest and the most bizzare review you'll ever see in Steam (somehow I doubt it's the most bizzare).P.S - Sorry for putting that image of Spidey - Indy in your mind.If that turns you into an Insomniac then you have a pretty good imagination :pI Challenge you to find a more bizzare review....scratch that....I DARE YOU."
76561198036973700,Recommended,425210,23252349,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,chumpdiggins,"This game is fantastic, its brilliant, its awe inspiring, its one of  my favorite games of all time. i cared about Lilly so much i found my self repeating really hard sections just so i could hide all the dead bodies from her or get through sections with out killing anyone. the games not long but it doesn't need to be there may not be much dialogue but there really doesn't need to be the small amounts of dialogue between Shadwen and Lilly are great. the little conversations between the guards really make you wish you could explore more of the world outside of the castle it sounds amazing i really wish i could explore more i really hope there is another game to this series.the game isn't perfect though the AI at times can be quite stupid or silly but then again that's just the game mechanics at play. all in all i loved the game i highly recommend it.final verdict for this game is 9/10"
,Recommended,425210,23135898,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tankcommander,"I'm not a fan generally of stealth games, and no one likes escort missions. That said, I'm really enjoying Shadwen. The demo, once I got used to the mechanics, proved fun, and the full release is proving to be even more so. The game is a lot more polished and functional than the trailers might lead some to believe, and I've not seen any problems that detract from the experience. Great new game from the makers of the most excellent Trine series.I was most worried about the 'morality' system - that is, how Lily looks at you for killing guards. Thankfully, unlike Dishonored the system doesn't punish you for killing guards, you just have to hide them and not kill them in view of Lily if you want her approval. The game immediately lets you know when she sees a corpse, and so you can rewind time and fix that if you so desire. Lily in general is pretty smart and sneaky, and requires little effort to manage. Combine that with your rather impressive arsenal of abilites (time control is huge) allows for a fun, not frustrating, stealth experience."
,Recommended,425210,33080863,Posted: 1 July,all,atleast0,"I got this game 75% off and felt it was a good buy.   The basic idea is that it's a stealth game where you escort a little girl past guards.  There are two sets of achievements - one for killing all the guards, one for sparing them all, which gives you two interestingly different playstyles.  It took me about 5 hours to complete all 15 levels while killing all the guards.  There's a grappling hook mechanic that felt really clunky at first, but I quickly got used to it.  The guards can be dumb at times, so I never felt too challenged, and as you figure out what tricks work best for you, it gets more and more fun.  I started out unimpressed, but overall I liked it quite a bit by the end, despite it being pretty much a one trick pony."
,Recommended,425210,27754904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dahaka,"Played like  40 minutes and im already so absorbed by the game, its leaving me with my mouth open just by the starting area. I recommend it 100%!EDIT: After finishing the game, i can say i recomend it 100% more, its short but enjoyable. Im going to replay it again just to do the other kind of gameplay this game can offer plus the extra missions after completing the game."
,Recommended,425210,28955599,Posted: 2 January,all,sar3th,"I picked up the game while it was on sale. It took me roughly 13 hours to beat it and get all the achievements.The game consists of a few fun mechanics:1. Time moves only when you move. This reminds me a lot of Superhot, and it makes planning your next move much easier.2. You can rewind time as you wish. This extremely feels like the Prince of Persia Sands of Time series, but you can rewind infinitely, so getting stuck in a unsolvable situation that you dragged yourself into is impossible.3. Guards can see and hear you, and will walk around when alerted.4. You can use the environment to alert guards by attaching the rope to things and moving them.Sadly, there are some flaws that might ruin the fun for you:1. Checkpoints only work at the end of the level. When you continue your last save game, you will ALWAYS start at the beginning of the level, no matter what savepoint you previously passed. It literally says ""Saving"" and when you exit the game, it claims the last save was ""0 minutes ago"" but still, it will reset you to the beginning of the level. This is a minor nuisance, but still leads to playing the same parts over and over again.2. Gameplay-wise, there is NO variation at all. The game is one giant escort mission. The level design is quite alright, but playing roughly 8 hours of escorting will wear you out.3. As usual, the escort AI is stupid and will often not do what you want it to do. Also, the AI sometimes knows in advance when a guard will turn around and start running uncontrollably in some direction. Fortunately, the AI cannot cause you to be discovered - the girl can LITERALLY stand IN FRONT of a guard in DIRECT VIEW and nothing will happen (apart from the girl turining around and going back).Another redeeming point is that rewinding, sound discovery and stealth in general works really well - you cannot get into unsolvable situations and guards will not have a lingering memory of what happened a few seconds before (many games suffer from this problem). Also, lethality will correctly work with rewinding - except one weird glitch, enemys never died without me deliberately killing them.The voice acting is great (both guards and the main cast) and the sound design is okay as well. The game has a great setting and a lovely story, but there is really not much story in it, which is a pity!With a recent update, they added a reverse chapter, where you break out of the castle. I haven't tried that yet, since I just finished the achievement hunt.All in all, I recommend this if you- like stealth games- have a high frustration tolerance- don't get bored easily- can grab it for less than 5€"
76561198086233122,Recommended,425210,28362854,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sanguine-Tarsier,"Decent game!Trine will always be my favorite but I enjoyed Shadwen :3Pros~*Good voice acting.*Play styles, either stealth or kill everyone.*Features, I enjoyed the ability to rewind time, the grapple and the odd little gadgets.Meh~*Save system, no manual save but three checkpoints to a level but easy to miss just when it saves.*Story, there really isn't much to it, but its alright.Cons~*A little repetitive, After A few levels they feel very easy.*The rewind ability means there is virtually no consequence to your actions."
,Not Recommended,425210,34565767,Posted: 28 August,all,2Weak2Live,"I played Shadwen (twice through, killing everyone and then killing noone) largely because I'm a fan of the Trine series from the same studio.Sadly, Shadwen feels like nothing so much as an interesting tech demo for a half finished game.  The enemies are rather dumb and don't change throughout the game; there are just more of them.  All of the mechanics are introduced in the first 10 minutes.  Overall, the game is pretty boring.If you're looking for a more polished stealth game, Thief is probably a better choice."
76561198160262670,Recommended,425210,23095283,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,nekromancer696161,"*** Warning, this may contain minor spoilers***Okay, so I haven't beaten it yet, but so far it's an alright game. I don't think it's $15 worth though. The graphics are pretty nice, kinda like a fable-esque look to it. (that was actually what made me purchase it :P)  The grappling hook is wonky at times, and to me the most frustrating thing is that when you tell Lily to go somewhere, she doesn't stay. I suppose that's intentional to create more of a challenge, (if you don't want her seeing you dragging a body or killing something)  but I find it more frustrating than fun. The gamestyle seems really cool though as far as being able to reverse time if you ♥♥♥♥ up or being able to grab things to move them. Overall its a cute game, maybe about $10 worth but I suppose the pretty decent graphics make up for the game. So far, I think it's cute if you have a little extra money you don't mind spending on a game you probably will only play once or twice (if you are curious about the story line if you let Lily see you with the bodies) However, if you want something action packed and adrenaline inducing, then I would suggest something a bit more fast paced. I will update as I continue the game! ^~^***Update: Major Spoilers***I just finished the game. Another thing I noticed with Lily is that sometimes even though the path is cleared, she won't move, or she will move when the path isn't cleared. The endings aren't very good, in my opinion, but that could be because I'm used to the typical ""Yay I did good now my companion will follow me"" route. Overall, as I said previously, it's a cute game to play if you're bored and like stealthing around. But you will most likely become very frustrated with Lily at times."
,Recommended,425210,23118830,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Aartform Games,"This deserves to fill a spot in my Stealth game collection alongside Dishonored and Styx - although a simpler and shorter game, it is fun. I love a violent sweep of the area, picking off enemies one by one, and this game delivers that well.Things got a lot easier once I realised I could do an aerial kill, and could assign a keybinding to turn off the ""pause time"" feature. My best bit so far is a long swing on my grapple, jumping off the end and diving into an aerial kill of a guard in a tricky to reach spot.To be honest if you are playing the violent way you can forget about the little girl, she just catches up to open gates. I imagine you have to take more care over her if you are playing non-violent.[Update] I started a non-lethal playthrough, much harder and more annoying. Then I realised you could get the non-lethal ending despite killing if you hid dead bodies from the girl. Now this would be easy if the girl went to the waypoints you set and stayed there... but she had an unhelpful habit of running straight into my murder scenes.In the end I went back to ignoring her and went for a stylish lethal playthrough. One thing I learnt on my 2nd play is that while enemies can normally only be knifed from behind, if you do a tiny bunny-hop it turns into an aerial kill and you can knife them in the face - great when you're taking on multiple opponents on the ground.So I had lots of fun on 2 playthroughs, and even got the hang of traps the 2nd time (You're traps restock between missions, so have fun with them!)[Update 2] The physics works really well in this game. Rather than just having a few obvious set-pieces, the world is full of physics objects which you can use as cover, distractions or even weapons. So now my 2nd favorite moment is attaching a mine to the front of a cart and rolling it into a group of guards, and my third favorite is pushing a crate of a high ledge to kill a couple of guards then diving down myself to finish of a third with an aerial kill.[Update 3] After several more lethal playthroughs I decided to try for the non-lethal and silent achievements again. It does feel like a different game doing this - each area has a very different gameplay in non-lethal play. Interestingly areas that are hard in lethal can be easy in non-lethal and visa-versa so playing both ways does give you good value.On the whole I prefer lethal, because the enemies are easier to predict and you can slowly thin out the guards. Non-lethal requires a bit more patience and luck especially in areas with lots of guards. I found myself orchestrating the guards from up high, tapping 'T' to direct the girl until she finally managed to run through the viewcones. By the end I got the hang of the way the girl moves, and it is consistent hopping between cover when the guards aren't looking, and backpedalling to earlier cover if spotted."
,Recommended,425210,31941525,Posted: 24 May,all,Rose,Its a really good game. Has AAA gameplay but the only problem is its really short. You may be wondering why I have 21 hours if its really short. I accidentally left it on while I fell asleep. The main campaign is actually about 4 hours long and you can do a reverse harder version that's also 4 hours long but possibly shorter because you may be better at the game by this point.Oh I guess that's not the only games problem. It has unique computer breaking issues i've never seen in any other game. Really odd stuff and I play tons of indie and AAA games. I think these are rare issues so you likely don't have to worry about that since i've only experienced these issues with this game and they don't happen that often but i'll list the things i've experienced.So sometimes the game just freezes. This is kind of confusing because the game has time travel reverse and time stop mechanics but you'll know its not that because no matter what you press nothing happens at all. The only way to fix this is to ctrl+alt+delete and then open up task manager and then go back in game. You don't even have to close anything just opening up task manager fixes this issue for some reason.This isn't the only problem i've experienced another problem is where the game suddenly not just only freezes but makes what a BSOD type sound. Now there's two things that can happen after this that i've experienced. One it somehow breaks all sound on your computer and you have to restart you PC in order to get sound back or two the worse thing which I noticed happens more often is what I like to call an SSOD. Shadwen Screen of Death. Somehow it freezes your entire computer after this BSOD sound and not even a ctrl alt delete fixes it. You have to shut your entire PC off manually. No idea why this happens but this is the only game i've experienced anything like this.Anyways these are still rare issues if you really love stealth gameplay i'd pay between 6-8 dollars for this game if you're only planning on beating the main story which is really fun i'd wait for it go on sale for about 4 dollars which is exactly what I bought it for or something around that price.The game also has custom maps but not many sadly but some do seem quite fun and may add a few hours to your experience.
,Recommended,425210,23157949,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,periurban,"I really enjoyed this game.It reminded me a lot of Styx: Master of Shadows, even though Shadwen didn't seem to have quite the same depth.The stop/start mechanic works brilliantly, making this the third game I've played in as many months with that mechanic in place (see Super.Hot and Super.Trucks). Could (and should) be the next big thing.Escorting Lily is a real pleasure, largely because she never gets into trouble. She is better at this strealth lark than you are, so all you need do is clear a path. One technique I found useful was to get ahead of the play and leave Lily trapped by one or two guards. That way you can kill the guards ahead, hide the bodies and save the wee girl from getting a broken heart.A wonderful wee game that takes a common element from it's bigger budget bretheren and makes a nicely rounded exploration and assassination experience. Not particularly challenging, but a lot more fun because of that.The only real weakness was with the looting/crafting system, which I never had to use. The various toys I crafted and played with seemed utterly superfluous, making the chests a wee bit redundant. (I still collected everything though!)"
,Not Recommended,425210,25256275,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Snus,"It's a shame that I have to not recommend a game with such amazing visuals and a great idea. The reason is simple: play the demo and, voila, you've seen the whole game. This is because Shadwen doesn't really add any new gameplay mechanics except the ones you see in the demo, which contains levels 2 and 3 (out of 15) of the the whole game.Yes, there are more guards in the later levels and it becomes a bit harder. Yes, at some point the game introduces guards that cannot be backstabbed (you have to jump-kill them or drop a box or a barrel on them). Yes, sometimes there are cranes and barrels with explosives which provide more ways to kill or distract the enemies. Finally, you can try to finish the game without killing anyone for an additional challenge. But it's quite easy anyway due to stop time and rewind mechanics (again, play the demo) and the fact that AI is really stupid.Anyway, there's another problem with a bloodless walkthrough, and that's Lily whom you have to escort. If you kill anyone (or most of the guards), you don't have to care about her at all and Shadwen feels like a normal stealth game, but with repetitive gameplay. But the moment you start to be merciful, the game turns into a really bad escort quest where you have to distract guards and micromanage Lily to finally get her to the end of the level.Speaking of levels, visually Shadwen looks great, but locations really lack in variety. Be it harbour, city, market or the castle. each level has the same set of stairwells, walls, huts, and crates, crates, crates. And more crates. And barrels.Last but not least, there are boxes containing various trash you use to craft traps. I finished the game without using any of them once – being able to rewind time is good enough.So, bottom line: play the demo, be amazed (or not) by the idea behind the game, and then don't buy it. The full game doesn't offer significantly different content or gameplay, the story is boring, and the level design stays roughly the same.Actually, there's one reason to buy Shadwen. If the game turns out to be commercially successful, we could hope for a sequel that has various gameplay mechanics and locations, and provides a challenge too.p.s. Edited for typos."
,Recommended,425210,33372072,Posted: 8 July,all,Nexiu,The Daniel Radcliffe of games. Really pretty but really short.
,Recommended,425210,29541167,Posted: 28 January,all,we can't d8 if u don't sk8,"I'm yet to complete it, but based on the time I've spent in this game, most of the negative reviews here are very taste-dependent. If you prefer puzzling stealth games to action packed assassin-simulators, then you will like this.The graphics are lovely, you feel like the heroine of an animated movie. The characters are likeable, and the mechanic of keeping yourself stealthed while you have to look out for another ""player"" is pretty intriguing, and the fact that instead of loading back old saves or fighting yourself through guards you can turn back time is super unique.It takes some getting used to to feel the time's passing (or standing still) in this game, but overall, the positive outweighs the negative. Grab it when it's on sale, and you'll get a good value for your money."
,Recommended,425210,30430961,Posted: 10 March,all,Waffles #Pancakes With abs.,"Surprisingly well made game.It's fun, it's annoying , it's challenging , it's brilliant.I love it.They removed the save option and left us with rewind time option which in my opinion is amazingly good, it may remove the hard part where if you screw up you'd have to reload... but it's faster this way. Also i love the time freeze thingy ... if you stop, the time stops as well... really gives you a lot of time to think of strategys and stuff.It's really worth 4.24 euros ( I know some of you guys prefer games at 90% Off but trust me.. this price is cheap. )Also the graphics are suprinsingly good. It may not look like .. i don't know let's say The Witcher 3 since it's one of the best games in graphics ... but it's surely good.8/10 from me.Keep it up with such games .... we are kinda lacking story rich games nowdays :)P.S : A bit of choice matter game if you are hunting the achievements ."
,Recommended,425210,30119277,Posted: 23 February,all,zoratuta,"It is a good stealth action game, i enjoyed it. Sneaking and killing are challenging in some levels but its not impossible. And i liked rewinding, its much better than loading from last save."
,Not Recommended,425210,28738020,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,xor511,"This is a stealth game that features FREEZE TIME AND REWIND. The freeze time and rewind may make things a little too easy and also interferes with immersion.The design was good, but the levels themselves are quite simplistic and do not offer much storyline development. The short conversations between Shadwen and Lilly (the assasin and the little girl) are the only thing that brings the characters to life.If you are looking for a stealth game you may prefer to go with Thief or Styx. If you have already played Styx and Thief then this one is not as good but it is ok."
,Not Recommended,425210,23127591,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SeeGeeArtist,"Playing the demo from Humble Monthly got me quite excited for the conceptual mechanics of this title, so soon after release I bought it without question, but immediately after this review I will be petitioning for a refund.Don't trust its deceitful promotion. It's probably not surprising this game is an empty shell of a story with boring characters, but even the features I expected to redeem it were shoddy at best. You might now be thinking, ""But... but... what about the _______?""1) Grappling like Rico or Spider-man! Yaya!No. You'll fall... a lot. There's no freindly blip telling you what's in range (a sub for depth-perception). Many grapple points are placed just out of reach, requiring you to jump and frantically mash the trigger, hoping your aim is exact.2) Time effects! Just like Superhot or Prince of Persia!True, those work well... as a convenience. Their unlimited use is forgiving to the point of removing fear of failure completely. But besides that, I never saw either time effect implemented creatively. For the most part, you'll find them most handy in taking back those failed grapples I mentioned.3) Stealth! I love stealth games!I know, right?! Theif 2 was my jam in the day! But the AI and visibility mechanics in Shadwen are a step down from those games, not to mention the sub-par level design.In summary, this physics puzzler only parades as an innovative stealth hit. Though not especially bad, it fails in its main selling points. I hope I was of some assistance in clearing up this foggy ruse. See it for what it is, and then decide whether to buy (definitely not worth full price)."
,Recommended,425210,30537469,Posted: 16 March,all,joemighty16,"I quite enjoyed this game. Some aspects of the gameplay I have never seen before, so that was refreshing. The story, however was unengaging. I do not why I had to do what I had to do, I do not know why I had the little girl Lily follow me.The premise is that you, Shadwen, with your super assassin capabilities, must find a way through a guard infested city to the king to assassinate him. Guards will kill you the instant they see you, so you cannot be seen, AT ALL. They are heavily armoured, so you cannot fight them, and can only take them out by silent kills (from behind or from above). En route however, you discover little orphan and homeless Lily, who decides to come with (not knowing your plans). Now, you must find a way of navigating through a guard infested city AND making a way for Lily to follow. She is very little, so gets quite upset if she discovers a dead guard. If you distract the guards, Lily will move beyond their field of vision, and, as soon as she is past, you can straight up murder all the guards and hide their bodies. You also get schematics for traps that you can build, but resources are scarce, so I hardly used it at all.Whether you kill or not, hide your killings from Lily or not, will influence how the final cut scene plays out.Pros:Being able to freeze time whenever you are not moving helps you plan your next move. You can, midst jump, freeze time to line up your next grappling hook shot. Midst sneak you freeze time to look ahead for the best route.Rewinding time allows you to instantly correct a misstep or even an entire sequence. Failed jump? Rewind time and try again. Guard found and killed you? Rewind time. Lily found a dead body? Rewind time and hide body better.Use the environment to hide in or to fight for you. Hide bodies in heaps of hay, drop a barrel on a guard, grapple up a crane for a better vantage point.Cons:Not enough varying enemies. You have two types of guards, armoured and heavily armoured. There isn’t any boss fight of any kind. A more difficult level consists of more overlapping guards and less hiding places.The levels are repetitive. Sure, the levels are graphically well designed, but doing the exact same thing for 15 levels (consisting of 3 sublevels each) does get boring. There was nothing to change the gameplay or to force you to do something else. Every level is the same: you distract guards, Lily sneaks through, you murder guards (or not).The story and general narrative is weak. Nothing drew me into the game, other than murdering guards. I do not know who Shadwen is, why she wants to assassinate the king, why does she have a weak spot for Lily, why does she murder so many guards (or not)? You pick up conversations from the guards about bigger events going on outside the city, but not nearly enough to make you care about the world.I bought this already low priced game on an even lower special, so I definately got my money's worth. It is a short game (I finished it in just over 10 hours), but it may have replayability of you are an Acievement hunter. Not sure if I would have felt the same whay if I paid full price. So give it a go, but maybe wait for a special to really enjoy it."
76561198005262921,Recommended,425210,23192677,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,lol4ever,"The game is awesome. I love mechanics and the story. I like it that you need to try harder to stay in good terms with the girl, cause you need to avoid her seeing how you kill guards, so mostly you need to just disctract them and sometimes its quite challenging.Small tip - follow the girl as she starts moving, most of the time she knows when the right time is =)"
76561198129906682,Recommended,425210,31392812,Posted: 27 April,all,Rowlet,"Shadwen is an acceptable game, although it's quite short and could use some improvements."
76561198005128610,Recommended,425210,29438077,Posted: 22 January,all,the Winter Warlock,"Rating 8/10Shadwen is your character set out to kill the king with the company of a little girl named Lily. I love the feel of this game. I love the ambience and the night time theme of it. I have to say at this point, if you are looking for a high action, hi paced game, this is not it. This is a stealth game. So if you are looking for something sort of laid back, then this is a good one to have. The music as well is pretty good, it really makes you feel the game more.So we have a cool feature where you can TOGGLE stop/start time. It's default on stop, which means time only moves when you move. This is great because not only is this a stealth game, you have to stragetize your way through it. You cannot simply just run through it and thats that. If you get caught, you can REWIND your play to any point, all the way to the beginning of the stage if you want. There are two ways to play it. Get through the game without killing any guards which is what I did first and is pretty challenging, and then get through the game killing all the guards which for the first 7 maps, is pretty easy, but starts to become challenging when you have to think of your next move and how to follow up for the next one.You are also guided and have to guide at times, Lily, a small child you rescue in the beginning. As you clear the way for her, she will run from one hiding spot to the next. She does this automaticaly so sometimes if you are not sure where there is one, just distract the soldiers and watch where she goes. Luckily the game doesn't end if Lily gets spotted, otherwise this would really be frustrating. There is an option where you can select the field vision of the soldiers and it looks like the light of the second coming of Christ, coming out of their eyes. Really a huge benefit, but even more challenging for those who disble them.There are times that you have to guide lily, because she runs back to her previouse hiding spot if she gets spotted, you can call her back when the soldier had changed direction or somethinig, but you have to piont to where you want her to go.All in all, a good game for the Winter Sale 2016. Excellent graphics, great music, and a fun game playI can say this, it does become a bit redundant, but the game has only 15 levels. So it's not a long game.It does have a lot of potential, I'd certainly be curiouse if there was to be a Shadwen 2...***** Bonus Escape the Castle is the whole game done backwards. No achievement on this, so you can play how you like, kill all, sneak all, or combo of both. It doesn't matter.But I can say, it is more of a challenge. There are more roof top opportunities and you really have to strategize how you are going to get through and pass. Do you kill or distract? For me, distracting worked better than killing, and vice versa.So an interesting gameplay for sure."
76561198084239937,Recommended,425210,26618404,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DEV,"16-Nov-2016 : Finished main storySetup : Windows 10 64-Bit, MSI GT80-2QE Notebook, Logitech F710 GamepadREVIEW :Interesting concept but lack so many things. First, there is almost no story to tell, no drama, no tension, just bland. And then there's the boring gameplay. If you choose to play the levels without killing any guards, you'll find the levels to be some kind of stealth puzzles. Wrong step and you died. Fortunately the game have ""rewind system"" ala Prince of Persia Sands of Time. If you choose to play the levels without restriction (sometimes you kill, sometimes you don't), then the levels will be very easy to pass while provide you with enjoyment of various killing methods using various tools.Like Trine series, Shadwen have a level editor. After you finish this short game, if you still crave for more Shadwen action, you can download custom maps that provide you with more challenging stealth puzzle. But for me, this game just doesn't worth paying full price.CONCLUSION :Recommended on sale price."
76561198008397261,Not Recommended,425210,30875637,Posted: 1 April,all,Reaper{135},"Shadwen is a stealth game based on playing as an assassin who is escorting a young girl through the streets of a medieval village towards and through the castle to achieve your final goal. The game offers an interesting stealth mechanic in the form of time freezes when you stop moving. This allows you to make decisions while the world is frozen. This enables quick changes to be made while sneaking around. The game also features a way to rewind time, which is also interesting, but takes away from the time freezing mechanic and reduces the difficulty significantly. The graphics are nothing special, but has its own interesting art style. The game is repetitive and lacks any depths of story or gameplay. There are interesting weapons, but they have to be crafted from collecting loot throughout which feels unnecessary.The game is pretty much just a long horrible escort mission.Overall the game is very boring and offers nothing special, the graphics are simple and the story is missing. The mods seem to be unable to save this game as well.I would not recommend this game to anyone"
76561197999964248,Recommended,425210,31847632,Posted: 19 May,all,lele83x,If you like stealth games this is a small but precious gem. You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,425210,23087438,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Fbdm,"I havn't yet completed the game, but I've completed 8 levels now and feel like I can give some feedback.+Grappling hook and time stop when not moving mechanics work really well together.+Impressive time rewinding mechanic, but feels heavily under utilized as pure quick loading feature.-The gameplay started to feel bit repetitive after few hours or about 6-8 levels completed. The items and harder enemies spice things up a bit, but not enough.-Lily should stay much longer away from the player/corpses that are being dragged if player presses T. Now I needed to repeatedly press T, T, T and T to hide the body without Lily seeing it.-Felt odd that dragging corpses was F and not E which is the most natural keybind as general action button. Had to check the key from menus as the tooltip for it triggered late. Immediately after returning from the menus the tooltip triggered.-Ctrl keybind for dropping to ledges and from ledges wasn't taught at all to the player or then I just didn't notice that.-Tooltips and hints that pop up to teach player stuff shouldn't be active when on inventory as they interfere with it.-It would be good to teach the player that crouch key ctrl is a toggle and you don't need to hold it unless you want the time to pass. Figured it out later accidentally after my little finger began feel strained.-Would be nice that the Q key for passing time would behaved more like a toggle rather than hold button to remove finger strains and give player another reason to do it. Create an icon to UI to inform it's current state (similar to the crouch icon) and after character action or second Q press, it would toggle it off. Now holding ctrl does pretty much the same as Q, making Q key feel just a second way of doing the same thing, but with a better finger.-Encountered nasty bug: ""Lily has seen corpse"" message bugged out after time reversing and stayed there forever. That's annoying as now I'm not sure if the game believes that or is it just visual bug.+Good amount of haysacks and bushes everywhere to hide corpses.+There seems to be good amount of levels and content.Minor extra nitpicks:-Dragging corpses on stairs glitches visually as the guards legs goes inside the stairs.-Pushing crates glitches sometimes as the pushing animation doesn't trigger. Happened on the very first crate I pushed on the game.-Guards sometimes walk still, getting stuck and don't really work that well with the dynamic crate objects.Overall I think it's a decent game. 7/10. Can be recommended."
76561198028879098,Recommended,425210,32134349,Posted: 2 June,all,Dad,"Before you buy Shadwen there are two things you need to understand: it's a lot like Assassins Creed, and the whole game is an escort mission. That being said, the game is a lot of fun. It is in no way too difficult to beat the game whether you play violently or not. The story is a little bland, but the gameplay makes up for it in quirky time-play mechanics and a sweet grappling hook.If you can get this game on sale for under $5 i would grab it. It's fun and a pretty easy way to get an assassination fix."
,Recommended,425210,33882650,Posted: 29 July,all,Lucentail-,"Had to finish the game first before I leave a review and since  I've already finished it including 3 of the alternate routes so, here it is. Killing guards is easy but sparing everyone is quite the challenge and that is why I'm leaving the other route behind (I'm lazy that's why). The time stops when you move reminds me of superhot which is something I'm not used to so when I started the game I thought I was glitching lol. The rewind is really good especially for me who keeps ♥♥♥♥ing things up.I gave this game a chance since it was developed by the same developers who created the Trine series (which is fyi one of my favorite games). For a 2016 game, the graphics felt like it was made decades ago but that's not a really big deal and yo! frozenbyte! i wasn't disappointed.If you're new to the stealth genre then I say this is a good buy (when in sale though). But if stealth games are really your forte then I suggest you get AC or Dishonored cause you'll crave for action."
76561197985345292,Not Recommended,425210,28675124,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AzGor,"Shadwen is  an stealth game where you play as Shadwen, an assassin. At start you play as the second character in the game a little girl with whom you are getting to know the main tools which you have to distract guards. The levels get repeatitive after you have completed few them. There isn't a lot of content in this game and escorting the girl through the levels gets annoying and boring. The game doesn't really reward you to play more in any way. You get to listen the conservation between the girl and Shadwen but I myself didn't really care about it. The game does have this time mechanic that you can just rewind to the part where you made a mistake. Unfortunatelly it makes the game also much easier but also saves you from nerdraging because the girl runs back and forth between two bushes where she needs to hide.The whole idea of escorting the girl through dangerous levels is really stupid. Who would want to risk the girl or herself to get busted by the kings guards? And never has AI partners been funny and exciting in games. They are pain in the♥♥♥♥♥as they tend to do stupid things.2/5"
76561198082489809,Recommended,425210,31324060,Posted: 23 April,all,amarao,"Stealth game of my dream! I've played around 2hrs, and it's amaizing. Time stops when main character is not moving, which make game be felt as a turn based, but it's not. It's dynamic yet gives time to think. Excellent combination of actobatics of 3D platformer (Prince of Persia, Psychonauts), plus some additional tricks in the sleeve for stealth mode.I just love it. It's full of suspence, but not of the horror. No one jump on you: quite opposite, you have opportunity to jump on some one else. Normally there are ways to pass without blood on hand, but if one wants, there is a knife and a way to hide bodies..."
,Not Recommended,425210,29097380,Posted: 7 January,all,Emily Kaldwin,"I was really interested in this game because I really enjoy stealth games and the whole point of this game is to not be seen. Like, so much that as soon as a guard spots you, you're dead.I thought that seemed interesting enough and bought the game a while ago. Keep in mind, I haven't even played for an hour and I'm sure when I get ""used"" to it, this might be an okay game. But still, I have already come to the conclusion that I will not be recommending this game. Even if it's only two things that bother me.Let me just start with the positive: it's a pretty game. You get to play both characters (Shadwen and ... I think the little girl's name is Lily?). I haven't gotten to a part with them together yet, but I know it happens later on so that's great. Uhhhhh. Yeah. No glitches, no lagging. I don't know, that's about it.Then there's the negative: you can rewind time, and freeze it. This makes a stealth game stupidly easy. It doesn't challenge you, really. Sure, maybe you gotta try out something a few times to get the timing just right, but when you realize you're about to get spotted, you rewind time (with seemingly no limit as to how far you can rewind), and you're safe. And even if you die, you just rewind. It doesn't throw you back to the last checkpoint (which MIGHT be a good thing if you die a really annoying way and it's far from the checkpoint - we've all been there). But it gets a bit annoying most of the time.The freeze thing. It's not that you click something and freeze time, no. It's when you stop moving. And this is fine in the first part of the game, when you're learning (even though, even then, it gets old pretty quickly). But this seems to be a part of the game that will stick with you throughout the whole game. I tried to go into the settings to turn it off, and I might've missed it, but it seems like it's not possible to turn it off. And I like to get into the game when I play it, y'know? Like, it's like you go into this fantasy world. It doesn't feel like that when the game screen goes half-grey and blurry every SINGLE. TIME. YOU. STOP. MOVING. ((((I can't even get cool screenshots urgh))))"
76561198023660824,Recommended,425210,23872787,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Wolfsspinne,"An interesting stealth game, probably not a must-have, but worth it's price.Did 2 playthroughs for all achivements within 17h.The core feature, stopping time when the player doesn't do anything and the posibility to rewind time from the end of a level back to the beginning, is it's biggest flaw for it makes things way to easy.There are 3 difficulty levels:- easy- easy with highlighted guards- easy with highlighted guards and sight conesThere are two styles to play the game:- start havoc and wait for the sidekick AI to find a path past all guards- lure singe enemies away from their groups and kill them all one by one.The game offers craftable traps that come in 4 sorts, each with 2 tiers. Sadly there isn't much use for them. Frankly, the only time I used one was to blow up 2 armored guards in a ""kill everyone""-achievement run.Neither the AI of guards nor of the sidekick Lilly is worth mentioning.PhysX tends to do some strange things, like killing every guard that dares to step onto one of the loot boxes.What I hope for in a sequal:- actual medium and hard difficulty- guards beeing able to see the grappling hook rope- neutral NPCs- less havoc- use cases for traps and decoys"
,Not Recommended,425210,35232195,Posted: 26 September,all,Ultrox ∞,"The AI and pathing for the little girl you chaperone around is so incredibly bad and annoying; and because its such a huge part of the game, it really ruins the experience, especially in a pacifist playthrough."
,Recommended,425210,25083946,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,=Axton=,"Fans of stealth-based games should like this, just ignore the naysayers and enjoy it for what it does differently than other games. This one brings some new mechanics like physics based distractions and optional time manipulation, both of which are done very well.  The game looks and runs really good too.Older reviews are probably written before they updated the game so that after you beat the story all the levels can be played sequentially in reverse order so you escape from the castle level by level.  I'ts not some half baked update either, they actually changed the main menu to reflect this.  It's totally optional and essentially doubles the playtime if you choose to do it.  Pretty cool.I grabbed it in the Frozenbyte bundle sale which came with Trine 3 and both Shadowgrounds, so stay tuned for more excellent reviews by yours truly."
,Recommended,425210,33738241,Posted: 23 July,all,Nanoha,"I enjoyed this, the mechanics were interesting (time only flowing when you do, rewind time). The 'Escape the castle' update almost doubled the original content. Story-wise its mediocre, seems like an after thought to fit the mechanics. The AI can be pretty dumb at times but also quite clever too, great pathfinding dynamically as you move objects and also avoiding roaming guards."
,Recommended,425210,30490206,Posted: 13 March,all,Nice to Have,"I didn't like the initial  demo that much. But now after I bought the game on sale, and after diabling DoF in options.txt, and with being able to play with ""Lily not following"" (meaning I can safely ""park"" her at a level start), it's lots of fun! You can literally stop midair after a jump and consider your options, and neatlessly reverse if something goes wrong.Recommended!"
76561198060602336,Recommended,425210,24900025,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sir Pretty Lady ♥,"I saw that the bundle that included all their games were on sale and I had the money, so I purchased that.  I mainly bought it because Trine looked cool and thought the other games might be cool as well.  Shadwen was amazing.  It feels like an average stealth game with traps, a hookshot, and one major escort mission.  This is one of the games were I really enjoyed escorting someone.It's also the only game I've ever been successfully able to kill an entire room of people with just a barrel and an explosive."
76561197980008966,Recommended,425210,23148056,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lvl 4 Cybold,"Do you like Thief 1 and 2? Did you feel like they should have a sequel which includes the ability to rewind time and a grappling hook and physics puzzles? Well that's oddly specific that you should say that~! Seriously, Shadwen may be lacking Polish, and a bit short, but it's very fun and has plenty of replay value."
76561198001251929,Not Recommended,425210,26006364,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,KasperKyd,"I'm changing my review after some hours of playing..As much as I love Frozenbyte for Trine, this game is boring, the whole game is like playing at same level, same techniques, same environment. I love the 3D vision support, always love that in Frozenbyte games, but that's not enough when the game is boring.I recommended this game at the first hour, but now I'm changing that sadly.."
76561197983740996,Recommended,425210,25042636,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Chane,"The first thing that happens when you start to play Shadwen is, you'll probably be annoyed by the game. That's because the controls are rather awkward. If you stop moving in the game the game freezes that very moment. Imagine Keanu Reeves in Matrix during a fight where he's floating in mid air while the camera is circling around him and you'll get the idea. In order to re-establish the normal flow of time you can either keep moving or have to press a button. The first time you experience this there's a big chance the game will repel you. The trick is to get over it. The controls really aren't the downside of this game and you'll get used to them very quickly.The second thing that sucks at the start of the game is the tutorial. As Shadwen you will construct a grappling hook and have to climb the outer city wall by clinging to wooden beams. This is extremely frustrating because you keep falling down. Actually this act of climbing is by far harder than any other situation in the complete game and the only reason the developers added this chapter is to show you how to do it. It's completely unnecessary and there's the risk this will drive players away from the game.Once you reached the top of the wall you already managed the hardest part of the game. Get to Lily and start enjoying. Shadwen is a great game if you play it the right way.Now what's the right way to play Shadwen?Well, when you first meet Lily she's in trouble because she took some apples from an apple tree and a guard is threatening her. Your first approach, of course, is to kill the guard. But Lily is shocked and takes you for a bad person. So I decided to turn back time - yes, you can do that - and played my first play-though by not killing anybody.By doing so, the game will tell a very touching story and during the course of the game Lily and Shadwen will become friends. Between each level the two talk to each other and by the time you reach the end of the game you'll be attached to the two of them.If you choose to kill a guard and Lily finds out the two will hardly talk to each other. The dialogues simply consist of 'Here, I have some food for you' and 'Thank you for taking me with you'. That's it. No story at all.So if you decide to kill people you'll miss the story. The game is still fun but not as good as with the story. I therefore strongly recommend playing the game without killing anybody first. As for a second play through kill them all. I guess that was the developers intention in the first place because you can collect a lot of achievements for not killing anybody as well as for killing everybody in each level.It's worth playing this game twice because Shadwen is like two games in one. If you decide not to kill people the game is very much like a puzzle game. You have to think about how to distract guards so Lily can pass them because you need Lily to open doors. As long as guards are in her way she cannot continue.In case you decide to kill all the guards the game plays very differently. It's also far shorter because it's much simpler to kill everybody than to sneak around them, especially in the earlier levels. Unfortunately most players will never know what they missed because they decided to kill the guards.Pros:- very beautiful graphics- good music- very good voice acting- fantastic, threatening atmosphere- feels like two games in one- new, unique gameplay idea (it's more than a stealth game)- Shadwen really looks like a killer- Cons:- repetitive voice acting by the guards- guards sometimes fall into the water by themselves. In case you try not to kill anybody that's a little problem.- players that kill guards miss the best of the game- guards are pretty dumb- only two type of enemies- comic cut scene pictures of Lily and Shadwen do not resemble the 3D modelsShadwen is an awesome game with two major design flaws, the difficult tutorial and the fact that there's almost no story if you kill people. Nevertheless I enjoyed this game very much."
,Recommended,425210,31761793,Posted: 14 May,all,Hobo Bolsón,"Really strong stealth game, it might not have the mechanical finesse of the stealth giants, but it makes for by having a time stop and rewind feature that makes the whole experience a lot more enjoyable, also it has some great physic that matters for the gameplay too.I just put an explosive to a barrel and roll it to a bunch of enemie, this game can really be great fun. On the negative side, the whole game is an escort mission, since really failing is just a minor annoyence (you can rewind the time anytime you want), the dificulty comes by just scorting the little girl, and also you can make a no kill run, but I highly suggest agaist it.In the end, this game was a blast, Shadwen moved fast and swift, killing feels good, the physics are more than just scenery and it has a surprising interesting tale, pick it up."
,Recommended,425210,23823619,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,IIEarlGreyII,"A good game that is held back by how frustrating it is.The character of Shadwen is amazing to play, once you get used to her weird mechanics. She has an amazing grapple ability which is really exciting, and her assassination animations are fun to watch. It's very satisfying to silently swing through the air and land on a guard's head. What is really hard to get used to at first is how time stops unless Shadwen is moving. This is really great for landing that perfect jump or making sure you are landing on the right guard, however it is a completely UNNECESSARY ability considering you can also rewind whenever you want. Didn't stick the landing? Just go back two seconds and readjust. Instead you get this awkward start/stop stutter effect throughout the game that sort of hinders it. True, by the end when you get used to it it can be really amazing, but honestly it would have been more fun at the start if it didn't exist. Or even if you could just toggle it.However what really, absolutely, and completely holds this game back is LILY. This tiny HELLSPAWN. I am trying so hard to protect her innocence and keeping violence out of her life, but she just decides to run after me constantly so she is always within sight of my murderings. The system to control Lily might as well be non-existent. You can sometimes tell her to go somewhere, it doesn't always work, and the second she gets there she turns around and runs back at you full speed. So if I am trying to hide three bodies I have to keep spamming the T key to try and get her to stay on the other side of the room, which is very hard to do while moving a body. I usually had some success by running to the end of the level and then back tracking, taking guards out as I went, so that Lily would be trapped at the beginning. But even then she somehow finds a way to slip through half the time and you have to spend five times longer getting through the area rather than if you were alone.Overall I am still recommending this game, because it has amazing visual style, mixed in with some really great assassination mechanics. If they had made the time stopping toggle, and if they had Lily move only when you called her, then this would have been a real gem. As it is it's only so-so, but worth it for the chance to be Shadwen."
76561197992453705,Recommended,425210,23270025,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,--LaKasaflark,So far so good.It's a great stealth game especially after I changed in the options so that the girl doesn't follow me.
,Recommended,425210,32857638,Posted: 27 June,all,Lily,"For now it's been a great game, has more worth than its price and the kid cant make you get killed"
76561198037517236,Not Recommended,425210,23834238,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Minted Lady,"Such a pity. I really wanted to like this game, but it was giving me a headache after a half hour. Time stops when you stop, which seems like a great mechanic, until you find yourself stopping often to reposition the camera. Then it's just a nuisance. The controls also seem to be fixed, at least for the controller. I was having a hard time positioning my fingers to keep time moving while trying to rotate the camera and move. Then there was this odd issue where my characters kept crouching even though I hadn't pressed the crouch button. I like a good stealth game but the time mechanic is not for me."
,Recommended,425210,28183146,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Smug Sell Wallet For Paypal %%%,"Even though I wasn't into it at first because of the gameplay bugs like grappling hook messing around, clipping through walls, not climbing ledges properly, it grew on me and I made it a mission to complete it, hence all the achievements"
76561198173606567,Recommended,425210,28132932,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,KeinSchiesse,"When I first bought the game I put in a good 5 hour session or so on it as I found the main gameplay very addicting and captivating.Screenshots and gameplay videos don't do the ""feel"" of this game justice, the mechanic of time / enemies only patrolling as you move, and the ability to rewind to any point in the past is a very unique mechanic. Somewhat like Prince of Persia series but with no limit to the amount you rewind to. It's one of the more unique stealth games I've ever played. The one hit deaths possible from any of the enemies, as well as the ability to pull objects with your whip to distract or kill guards add to the constantly shifting strategy with which you have to approach each of the levels. Add to that the ability to craft gear including mines, sticky bombs, and arrow traps, and more, and you have a pretty fleshed out package.If I had one gripe it's that I wish the level designs were a little more varied. What is here looks great, and reminds me a lot of American Mcgee's Alice series, Styx, and Thief.For the price of this game the quality is through the roof. I was able to pick it up on sale which only adds to its value in my mind, but I can easily recommend it if you're a fan of any of the aforementioned series or the stealth genre in general, I think you will dig the unique mechanics and presentation of this particular game."
76561198062023290,Recommended,425210,24175528,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Immueggpain,"Very good game with multiple endings and interesting mechanism. As for the annoying time pause, you can bind a hotkey as  'Time Toggle' in settings and use it to disable/enable time pause. Since no key is bound by default, I personally recommend 'Z' key."
76561198094896490,Recommended,425210,25597787,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,burlapbee,"If you've watched the trailer or played the demo, you get what Shadwen is about- sneak into the castle, choose how you want to play, Macgyver-up some traps, and use the environment to your advantage. It also has a great rewind mechanic, which is far faster than save/reload. The comments between Shadwen and Lily change depending on your actions, which is a nice touch. All of the these aspects play out well in the game. It is, however, shallow for a stealth game. Hay stacks and small bushes provide near-invisibility to patrols. Guards are fairly daft. And the game can get a bit repetitive- make a noise, hide in a hay stake, sneak around the soldier (kill optional).For any one experienced in stealth games, Shadwen is a hold-over game at best. It also has a glut of achievements, great if you love 100% game. If you haven't played a stealth game, Shadwen is not a bad place to start. Its not as patient and nerve wracking as the Thief trilogy. While it can play fast for a stealth game it's not a “run-and-slasher” like the Assassin's Creed series. It stands at a nice balance and good entry point for anyone interested in the genre."
,Recommended,425210,28609271,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rex MI,"TL;DR: Solid stealth-puzzle hybrid, recommended on sale due to short length and little replay value.Shadwen is a competent mashup of genres and mechanics. It's a stealth game with light puzzle elements where you must use mobilty and physics objects to distract guards, creating a path for your AI companion (Lilly) to move safely through the levels.The graphics and art are pleasing to look at. It has a great, relaxing nighttime vibe, similar to Thief 3. The story is simple, you are on your way to assassinate the king when you find Lilly being harassed by a guard. From that point on it's up to you whether or not you let Lilly know you're a killer, hide your tracks or simply avoid guards altogether. Any additional details about the world are revealed through conversations between guards, again similar to Thief.The game is short, roughly five hours for a first run. Additionaly, the only real replay value is in the form of achievements. It's up to you whether that matters or not. Shadwen is also fairly easy. This is either going to be a positive or a negative depending on what you're looking for. It's a good late-night game, easy to look at, calm atmosphere and not too demanding.The main mechanic of the game is that time only moves when you press Q or when you are moving, similar to Superhot. This lets you observe your situation in relative safety and execute complex grapple-hook manoeuvres. The grappling hook is used extensively to make use of the great deal of verticality present throughout levels. It's also your main tool to create distractions by pulling wooden objects.The idea of a five hour escort mission would probably put most people off, but the game is rather forgiving and the mechanics are just solid enough to avoid frustration. That said, there were some moments when getting groups of 3 or more guards out of the way was finnicky and Lilly would refuse to move on.Lilly herself cannot be seen or harmed by guards, only you can trigger a fail state. That alleviates a ton of potential frustration from having to rely on companion AI. The game also has a Prince of Persia style rewind mechanic with infinite use, allowing you to immediately rectify mistakes or failures. This a godsend when dealing with physics objects.Shadwen has a pseudo NG+ where your inventory and gadgets are saved as you progress, allowing you to replay chapters and checkpoints at any time with all your items. However, it also keeps track of whether or not you have killed and if Lilly has seen it. This means you're best off going fully non-lethal on your first run, in order not to block any potential achievement progress.Pros:- Looks great, runs great- Interesting mechanics- Great atmosphere- Stress-free, casual stealth experience- Customisable difficulty- NG+Cons:- Relatively short- Little to no replay value- Heavy dependance on AI and physics- One big escort mission- Not recommended if you're looking for something challenging- Not much point in crafting or using gadgets- NG+ keeps 'killer' state, can block achievements"
,Recommended,425210,23147623,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Wridel,"Interesting take on the stealth genre. Gameplay is a lot like Supahot, where time only moves when you do. At any moment you can reverse time to undo your actions, seemingly limitlessly. The majority of the game is using your grapeling hook to swing, climb and move boxes in an attempt to distract guards so that a little girl named Lily can navigate from hiding place to to hiding place. You can also kill the guards by dropping things on them, luring them into traps, or assasinating them, but if the body is spotted by another guard then you lose and have to reverse time to choose again.  There is no story explanation for why this time control is present, you're just meant to take it in stride.The game also features a moral compass. If Lily sees you kill someone or encounters a body you didn't hide, that negatively affects her opinion of you, which is reflected in the dialog between levels. It does not appear to affect the story at all, however, and the final cut scene is determined by if you choose to kill the king in a Yes/No question. The story itself is told by listening to the guards as you move through the game. A corrupt and possibly mad king is driving his kingdom to doom, burning the forests and the crops out of fear of ""dark spirits"", a phrase uttered so frequently in the game that you'll get sick of it. Despite how little story there was, the characters of Shadwen and Lily felt very fleshed out and I felt attached to them. I want to know what happens to them both after the end of the game, and I want to know more about Shadwen's backstory and how she became a rogue.In terms of content the game is probably reasonable for its $17 price. It took me about 9 hours to play through without letting Lily see me kill anyone and I feel like I got my moneys worth. However, the game really could have used some more interesting mechanics in the later levels to break up the repetition. Some levels have movable parts of the terrain, but they don't contribute anything to getting through the level and seem to be there just for flair. The most mechanical thing one does in the service of completing a level is to use the hook to pull a locking bar out of a door.The game features 9 deployable traps which you unlock by finding schematics in chests, and then constructing the traps from parts also found in chests. However, the traps are not reusable and supplies to remake them are very limited, so the traps end up falling into the ""Too Awesome To Use"" trope. Every time I used one I ended up reversing time and finding a different way to accomplish the same thing.  The traps also become completely useless if you're aiming for not killing anyone.Voice acting was pretty good, but not very diverse. There are perhaps three Guard voices, and the same lines get used over and over again as the guards react to things moving in their environment. This becomes comical eventually, as the guards react to things moving right in front of them with ""Did you hear something?"" The game also suffers from a lot of animation problems, such as the player character going rigid while being whipped around on their rope, or all the guards walking like they have to use the bathroom, and several times I managed to get objects (including Lily herself) stuck in the terrain. This was very frustrating at one point where I lost portion of my progress because a tipped over cart in the previous area suddenly sprung out of the terrain and killed a guard, raising an alarm.In spite of these flaws, I enjoyed the game quite a bit"
,Recommended,425210,24923813,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,glad,"I love Frozenbyte games, and Shadwen is no exception! I loved the gameplay, the feeling that there were multiple ways I could complete each level or pass each guard pack. Having to secure a path for Lily to follow behind was a perfect challenge. I really enjoyed the storyline and exchanges between Shadwen and Lily during loading screens and how they lended to story telling but.... the nice story ended rather abruptly at the game's finale, which wasn't all that grand. It was short but still felt that I got my money's worth, especially if I want to revisit the chapters to complete more achievements in the future, and looking forward to some of the workshop content as well. All together I loved the game and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,425210,23114285,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lorthiz,Let's just say it's a good stealth game with rewind/pause time mechanics and grapling hook.On top of that you have your trusty firend the knife and a king to kill. Enjoy your stay.
,Recommended,425210,24254833,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Captain_TurtleFace,"This game is by far one of the best I've played in a while, not only is the gameplay smooth and sophisticated, the audio, visuals and even the dialogue is spot on. I've always wanted a game like this and I was happy it was by the same people who made Trine, one of my all time favourite series of games. I love the mix between stealth and full combat and you can choose wether to be a murderer or just a noisy nuisance. Would reccomend to anyone and everyone"
76561198082290575,Recommended,425210,31758161,Posted: 14 May,all,krimsalt_,"tl;dr version: GET THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE DISHONORED OR ASSASSIN'S CREEDThis isn't a ""hidden gem"" as it's not AAA quality, but it is a masterful game for the price.You tag along a young girl on your way to complete the story objective, so unlike other stealth games where you can traverse the whole level on rooftops, you need to puzzle the little girl's way through too, either by distracting guards or by killing them (which changes how the story plays out if the the young girl sees you kill them).On the surface it sounds insane because it's basically a stealth-escort mission, but the AI is fairly decent and they can't ""see"" the little girl so if they bugger up or get stuck in something and see her you don't lose the game. Other interesting mechanics include the ability to stop and rewind time which helps changing tactics on-the-fly.The story is okay. Typical fantasy setting. The best part is that you learn the story from overhearing the guards speaking - it's not forced down you throat during cutscenes. It adds a lot of depth as guards are saying meaningful things instead of the usual jibberjabber that has nothing to do with the plot.Yes the levels and NPCs are repetative as it's basically the same environment just layouts are different, but I didn't mind as much given the price.I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who was a fan of the dishonored series"
76561198028438020,Not Recommended,425210,33109340,Posted: 1 July,all,ijr,"Glorified puzzle game. Not really a stealth game, it's super easy to be stealthy and avoid the guards. The game is mainly about distracting them so this NPC that follows you can get out without being seen. So it's not really about you being stealthy. More about picking the right crates to move, and noises to make to distract the guards.Don't buy this expecting it to be like Dishonoured or Styx."
76561197995181527,Not Recommended,425210,29192436,Posted: 11 January,all,Revan,"I can already tell you its not what you expect.  At times it is confusing and there is no real fun to be had, at least not for me."
,Not Recommended,425210,23175091,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Teriyakitoast,"Styx: Master of Shadows meets Superhot.Other than the guards actually ignoring Lily, the gameplay is great and the levels are well designed.For those complaining about the fact that you have to escort Lily to make progress, think about how blindingly easy the game would be if that extra factor wasn't thrown in there. You have a grappling hook and there is usually a large vertical area to traverse each level, making sneaking past guards easy for you.Edit: At level 13 of 15 right now, 4.6 hours into the game.  This feels very short, and the level design is repetitive.  I've gone the entire game so far without killing a guard, and I don't feel challenged yet. My initial review was from when I was ~6 levels in, but nothing really significant has changed. Story is boring, and escorting Lily at this point feels like a chore rather than a story progression or game mechanic.  Stopping time in a stealth game would only ever be necessary for some getaway mechanic, like shooting the grappling hook in mid air, and holding Q to pass time is annoying. Wish I could re-recommend this.  BOTTOM LINE: it's not a bad game, just repetitive and tedious."
,Recommended,425210,23050400,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DeucesWild,"No doubt, this has the makes of a good game.  I just did not enjoy the time stop feature and rewind feature (This can be formatted, my mistake).  IMO, this game could have been made without the use of the two, and be more RPG based instead.  However, this does not make it a bad game, just could do without it being escort based.  Overall, I am happy with the design, the detailing and graphics and the game tells you beforehand exactly how it operates, so you can't give it a bad score."
76561197967645948,Not Recommended,425210,25659048,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,McRed,"Very bland and tedious gameplay. Found myself yawning a lot after the first 15 minutes. Lacks exhiliration and imagination. The mechanics and controls.. are workable.. but not really fun. The little girl is way too much of a nuisance. She should be more of an enhancement to the experinece, but fails on pretty much every level.There are way better stealth and assasination games out there that give you a better sense of sneakyness, and much more satisfying assasination moves and opportunities. I'd pass on this one. The Trine series are much more entertaining than this game."
76561197970697464,Not Recommended,425210,23121606,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,business,"While the gameplay is innovative, I found the permanent stopping of time when the player does not move to be too disruptive fo my taste. Overall the game plays more like a puzzler than an fantasy action/steath game, due to time stopping when you do not move, you still being able to aim when time is halted, and the ability to reverse the time flow if things go wrong....I would, however, recommend you give this game a try - just make sure you stay below the 2h play limit and within 14 days after purchase to be able to return it, should you not like it."
76561197995125747,Not Recommended,425210,23300761,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,GalaxyGuy,"Bioshock Infinite and The Last of Us taught us that games revolving around an escort quest can be great if done right.... Shadwen reminds us of how bad they can be when they are not done right.Bioshock Infinite's Elizabeth finds you food, ammo, and money, and The Last of Us's Ellie helps you fight hostiles and crawls into narrow spaces to open up secrets and paths.What can Shadwen's Lily do?Well, she can hide on her own, so she does not alert guards, and that is pretty great.She can help you open doors... Which you would not need opened if you were not stuck escorting a child through the city, as Shadwen is acrobatic enough for an Assassin's Creed game, and could probably just have strolled casually along the rooftops all the way to the King's castle.Aside from that, she can get mad at you for killing people, and if she sees you doing so, you will have to spend every loading screen since hearing her comment on you being a bad person. Which is still marginally better than if you do not kill someone in front of her.And finally she can rat on you to the guards about you being a murderer (if she has seen you kill people), which (again, if she has seen you kill people) is the whole reason you are escorting her anyway. Because Shadwen is afraid she might alert the guards if not kept under a close watch. Which is why we spend the rest of the game sneaking her through the city, frequently letting her within inches of the guards she would rat on you to.So, your companion is little more than a child-shaped ball and chain shoehorned into the game to give it some semblance of a story, but at least the stealthing is fun, right?And... Yes. Yes it is. The stealth is actually really well done, the guards are not completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as they often are in stealth games, and you have a wide array of options for sneaking around them or killing them as you see fit. You also have a nice grappling hook allowing you to scale structures and swing between ledges and stuff. Pretty fun stuff actually. Shadwen would leave Al'Tair, Ezio, and the rest of the Assassin's Creed protagonists eating her dust.You also have a Superhot-esque feature in which time only moves if you are doing something - or holding Q - allowing you to place your hooks with 100% accuracy midair and do other similarly precision-dependent tasks with ease. But honestly, most of the time it just gets in the way by requiring you to constantly be doing something, and really the game would have been better had this feature been replaced with a simple pause button.You also have a nice rewind time feature in lieu of saving or checkpoints, so if you miss a jump or are discovered you can just rewind time to the exact moment you made a mistake and fix it. But there is no limit to this, so as a result, Shadwen is probably the easiest stealth game in the world. That said, the lack of a save or checkpoint feature also means you have to start from the very beginning of each level if you quit before the end of the level, which are on average ~twenty minutes long, unless you are trying to get the don't-let-Lily-know-you're-a-murderer ending.All in all it has a great game mechanics for stealth and acrobatics, so you can really have fun stealthing around, and it might have been a fun game had there been anything to really use these abilities for.Sadly, there is not much to do in the game except: Get from point A to point B without being discovered.Every single of the 10 levels I could force myself to play through is the same.Every single one.Get from point A to point B without being discovered by the guards. And yes, you have to bring Lily too.The settings vary a little - barracks, dungeon, city streets, back alleys, king's castle, but it is all the same gray stone, brown wood, guards with crossbows, bales of hay, barrels and boxes, and getting from point A to B without being discovered.It got boring after the first four levels, and I gave up all attempts at completing the main story after about ten levels - ca. three hours of gameplay. Judging by the achievements (which barely qualify as achievements - you get one for each level completed, and for doing so without killing anyone or killing everyone, and the same for completing the whole game), there are about fifteen levels, so maybe there is some monumental change in the twelfth level or something that leads to a break in the monotony, and some actual objectives, but I will definitely never know.There is a steam workshop integration for making new levels, so maybe in the future we will get some missions worth playing, but until then this game simply is not fun. At all."
76561198092971167,Recommended,425210,25940848,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,kingjredmon,"Took me seven hours to complete the first part of the game, and I ran through it without using any of the gadgets or consideration for getting through levels without killing (though a no kill run is possible)  I did not complete the additional Escape From The Castle part of the game in my seven hour playthough, so I imagine this adds several more hours to the game. A nice feature is the ability to replay chapters, plus the achievements give you incentive to try different playstyles, including a no-kill playthrough, a kill everyone playthough, and so on. If you like stealth games, you'll like this one. I'm an old school gamer, and this game reminded me a little of a game called Tenchu for the PS1, though maybe that's because of the grappling hook (which is fun to swing around on).Unlike other reviewers, I had no issues with the controls, only minor issues with the camera, and found plenty of chests full of crafting parts for the gadgets. I experienced no freezes or major bugs. I also really enjoyed the ability to stop and rewind time. It made for some interesting gameplay, allowed for an extra bit of strategy with trying out different tactics, and lets the player rewind when strategies don't work (rather than restarting a level or having to wait for the alert status to reset if you're spotted. The time feature definitely encourages experimentation unlike most stealth games which penalize you for taking risks. Other reviewers seemed to think this title was so-so, but I thought it was really unique. I would have liked to see more enemy types, some type of ledge kills (which is pretty standard in contemporary stealth games), and maybe a little more open level design. Regardless, this game is definitely worth a buy if you're a stealth fan.  I was very pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,425210,25239625,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Asatruer,"A fun stealth game where you sneak through nicely rendered dimly lit scenes past (and possibly also murder) guards after eavesdropping their conversations about the terrible conditions of the post war medieval esque era. What makes this game different from say Thief is that it is less dark (both literally and metaphorically), that it is even less survivable if you are spotted, that you have to not just get to some end point but also clear the way for the tag along urchin girl, and that time stops dead while you are not moving and that you can rewind time rather than restart when a mistake occurs. These last element changes up the feel of how the game plays from a action packed skill driven experience, to a more calm and thoughtful puzzle like experience where stopping and thinking and trying tricks with the rope and physics are a rewarding experience of try something, rewind, try something new."
,Recommended,425210,25559338,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The Whistles Go,"I really enjoyed playing this game. It's like a low budget assassins creed except killing affects the game more.Pros: good affects, nice storyline, and like able charactersCons: the animations aren't very smooth, Lilly's AI can be funky, and sometimes guards see more that they should"
,Recommended,425210,24846423,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Rosenwood,"A fantastic game for the killer in all of us.While many complain about the Escort Quest portion of this game -the whole game- I never once found it intrusive. Despite guards seeing my waif counterpart, not once did I lose because of this, and all she really acts as is a key you need to get to the end of each mini-sandbox style stage.That being said I also was a merciless psychopath, killing any, and all guards, in my path -which is a viable way to play- so perhaps my wanton slaughter had something to do with it.The mechanics are some of the best I've seen in a stealth game, time only moves when you do, and besides that the best way to describe gameplay would be, imagine Spider-Gwen gave up her life as a superhero and instead decided to become an Assassin.I highly recommend this game to anyone who even remotely enjoys stealth/assassination games."
76561198287475338,Recommended,425210,32334949,Posted: 10 June,all,bunny de fluff,Shadwen is a nice little action adventure game with uncommon game mechanism where the time of the world pause and/or continue as your player character's movement. This game can be easy(kill guards and let Lily see it) to a bit harder(kill guards but do not let Lily see it) to extremely difficult(be a pacifist and not kill anyone). Game length can be as short as 6 hours to as many as 20+ hours depending on your attitude towards killing.
,Recommended,425210,25954520,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cosmos,"Just finished it. Loved the world, story and voice acting. Did n't like the controls very much. It felt a bit clumsy at times. Would love to see another shadwen with more world to explore and deep/gritty story to experience."
,Recommended,425210,25876378,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,sxlen,"The game mechanics were nice and while time stopping when you're not moving the character makes gameplay a bit wonky, i liked playing this game. the story and characters felt lifeless and bland; i can't say i got invested in it story-wise, but if you're looking for a stealth game with good game mechanics, this game is worth a try."
,Not Recommended,425210,26080165,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,t.d.ous,"Pretty game, with some nice ideas but clunky, sluggish controls. Maybe bearable for a stealth fan but otherwise a little too rough to recommend, for me."
,Recommended,425210,24908627,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GODzilla,"A nice little game. The gameplay itself is a bit repetitive, there are levels where this is more obvious than in others. I mainly played to see how the story plays out and how it would end for Shadwen and her little companion.For this and seeing that it took me only around 7 hours to play through, the normal price tag feels definitely much too expensive, so I recommend to get it during a sale (I got it for 9.99€ together with several other Frozen Byte games in a bundle sale on Steam)."
76561197970678221,Recommended,425210,24917402,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Cryogenix,"This was a fun game, I enjoyed the story and the feel/atmosphere. The gameplay is awesome, the fact you can rewind time is cool.The AI leaves a bit to be desired but overall its fun to play.*SPOILERS BELOW*What I didn't like is the ending, you go through all that (Keeping Lilly innocent) only to toss heraside...WTF???I'll have to see if the other ending is better...OK, I have now finished all endings (I think), the best ending (IMO) is where you let Lilly discover you're a killer and then spare the King, Shadwen and Lilly walk off into the sunrise to start thier life anew.Keeping Lilly innocent and then killing the king (The only death she sees) and ""You're a monster""Seriously, the best ending should have been where you spare the king and Lilly doesn't see you're a killer."
,Recommended,425210,23049872,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,teella,OMG so fun! Best stealth game so far this year! The time stop and rewind is intresting but I love how you can use the enviroment to take out guards. >:)
,Recommended,425210,24056087,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,knightengale,"Every once in a while a game comes along and does something so ingenious you wonder why it hasn't been a part of every game of that genre to begin with.For the stealth genre, that game is Shadwen.Most stealth games encourage you to play perfect from start to finish, and failing to do so means completely breaking the stealth experience, usually blasting loud buzzers at you and berating you until you either sit in the corner like a good little player or restart the whole level to try and perfect the whole thing.Shadwen subverts the entire problem by taking your mechanical ability out of the equation and instead makes the game completely about your macro-level decisions.  Even if you do get spotted because you didn't see a guard hiding around a corner or whatnot you can reverse time immediately and play it out perfectly.Some reviewers might call this easy, but really if you think about it any stealth game is easy if you have infinite patience.  Shadwen's time mechanic is really just a way to streamline your experience into more than just tons and tons of waiting.And if this sort of waiting is the kind of thing that drives you away from stealth games, then maybe stealth games aren't for you.  But maybe Shadwen is.  This may well be the last stealth game I ever play, because I can't go back to the standard wait-and-retry."
,Not Recommended,425210,34350392,Posted: 19 August,all,"No, well","The lethal run became the obvious choice once I discovered that I can turn off the ""Lily follows player"" option and keep her in one spot so she can't see me kill everyone in the level. Once you discover this, there is no other incentive to take the non-lethal run. Unless you're a stickler for achievements.The grapple system is buggy and has laughable physics, the crafting system is unnecessary as I'd never used it once, and the unlimited rewind system makes the game absurdly easy.A decent effort but largely unpolished with superfluous/cheese-able mechanics. As other reviewers have stated, Styx is a far superior game."
,Recommended,425210,23690150,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sinaesthesia,"I was bitten by the Shadwen bug and I am smitten.  This is one of the best games I've ever played!  In terms of mechanics and style, it IS the best game I've ever played!  I'm a stealth nut for one, so maybe that is a factor, but I really think this is a huge step in the right direction for the stealth genre and possibly many other ""adventure"" avenues.Some people can't wrap their head around the time freeze function, and they give bad reviews, or they talk about the NPCs being dumb and scoff at the mediocrity.  Like, does that really F'ing matter?  It's a game!  The true joy comes from how many ways you can do one thing.  Maybe you got to already enjoy the cerebral part about it.  Maybe some people don't have cerebrals, I don't know.  Some people talk a lot of hate while at the same time commending it, so why?  I'm here to say, This game f'ing rules!I've played a lot of stealth and this one is by far the most original.  Simple concept, simple rules at your disposal, yet so immensely engageing.  Swinging from your grappling hook is an art, as well as how you get your orphan to the end.  I wish you could do this kind of thing in say, Batman, or Assassin's Creed, or any other stealth game.I know it's not perfect.  I think that Shadwen is the first of it's kind and it has a lot that it could offer in future titles that could add some more depth and range.  It's going to spawn some interesting games in the future I think.  It's not perfect, but that goes for a lot of first titles that then become an epic series later on, and I love a good niche.So for all you nay-sayers I say ""STOP CRAPPING ON SHADWEN! IT'S SOMEBODY'S HERO AND WE WANT MORE!""yeah... thanks for listening"
76561198271105938,Recommended,425210,23258943,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Unluckymonster,"Small budget stealth game with 2 different gameplay style:- Don't kill anyone* Most boring and lame escort mission ever.- Kill anyone on your way* Controls take time to learn but once you master gameplay it's small budget Dishonored type sneak back or death from above killing. One stupid thing is that if you leave body open guards might spot the body even if you have already moved to next section (not chapter).To completely learn the whole story it's needed to play both styles walktroughs.I give it green because I enjoyed Dishonred killing but if time stopping, guards insta killing you, no much use of gadgets and  guards alerted from bodies sections behind you annoys I don't recommend this gime.Worth of 10 bucks."
,Recommended,425210,23262966,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nenad Mikovic,"It's a really fun and interesting game. Kind of short, but make sure to give it a try, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,425210,28979125,Posted: 3 January,all,Doge,"I just couldn't find it fun, the stealth mechanics are to strong for me."
,Recommended,425210,23060773,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Epicfailio1,"good game, nice and challenging with an interesting way of playing...update after finally finishing it.v.good, my only criricism is when shadwen is on a rope she is static, other than that small problem, a great game with a good challenge to it"
,Recommended,425210,24825831,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mr.Invisible,Did the first levels without killing guardsLily: 'You're a bad person'Well excuuuse me but I'm not9/11
,Recommended,425210,29915511,Posted: 13 February,all,Graphic-J,"Fun little puzzle like game and long enough to enjoy.Only thing that bothered me is that the soldier's vision ray(when selected) made the game way too easy. I think it should have a counter, a small punishment for using it. Maybe when a guard has been alerted up to 5 or 8 times when using that vision, the player needs to start from the main chapter? Or something similar. As of now the game is just way too easy with Ray Vision.Great game though, I highly recommend it."
76561198036441532,Not Recommended,425210,29324078,Posted: 17 January,all,Sordos,I wish i could recommend this game but with the AI being absolute dogshit it's kinda hard to.Worth 5-dollars at most on sale and ONLY if you are absolutely starving for subpar stealth-assassin game or a female protag that isnt absolutely horribru.
76561198065241730,Recommended,425210,23059726,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,AurumWeaver,"A very good infiltration game, not without its faults but still extremely interesting"
76561198111730300,Recommended,425210,23125241,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Reni,"It's a really fun game.  The forgiving gameplay lets you test things out on the fly.  As a result, I ended up not waiting as much as I would in other stealth games.  And some pretty cool level design too."
,Not Recommended,425210,24218674,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Amor Fati 117,"Shadwen is a very rudimentary stealth game with some glaring flaws that forced me to give up on the game early into it.My number one issue with the game is the Rewind mechanic. This trivializes the entire experience. There isn't even a limit to the mechanic, like in the 3D Prince of Persia games, preventing you from abusing the system. What's worse, the difference between Normal and Hard difficulty settings is almost non-existent — the only difference is that key objects / shortcuts aren't highlighted.Other problems I had with the game included the binary hiding system where you are either detectable or 100% undetectable (Thief from 1998 had varying degrees of concealment using the shadows, which this game should have tried to incorporate), and the AI and mechanics being very simple and repetitive. From what I have watched of later parts of the game, these never become more complex; there is only one basic guard type.Some of the character and world design was nice, and was the main appeal for me at the start. However, the Rewind mechanic and these smaller flaws made the experience boring to me, so I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,425210,25160847,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jazza Jaxx,"From one gamer to others, Shadwen is an awesome experiance if stealth and ominous storylines are your thing, I highly suggest this game with it captivating storyline and great atmosphere and breath taking visuals! Great game altogether, and your choices matter as well! Don't be seen!Good Luck!"
,Recommended,425210,25844259,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sylordis,"Despite some collision bugs and some little girl AI crap, Shadwen is a great little game which will make you spend one whole afternoon. Great art and music, and pay attention to the chitchat of the guards, reveals a lot about the story."
76561198066422046,Recommended,425210,24868300,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Reddragon32145,Yes.
76561198121718704,Recommended,425210,29936657,Posted: 14 February,all,Jabobomb,"This game is fantastic. It is a stealth game with hints of other genres in it. And for those who are sitting there comlaining about the escort part of the game; there is literally a option that pretty much makes it not one (you press a button to make her move when you need her otherwise you forget about her).The score to this game is wonderful, and suits the style and era of this game to a point. Graphically it isn't hideous but it doesn't push the bar; but what it does do is create a story. The story itself can be somewhat impacted via Lily seeing a dead body guard/you killing one in front of her.All in all, this is a magical journey that is a gem in the rough. I would score it a 8/10."
,Recommended,425210,32051495,Posted: 29 May,all,bloodboy777,"Games needs-A modding community that isnt dead, workshop isnt even a shop its a 7eleven nowlol-walk animation, beautiful world shame you have to run like a maniac through it.-Polished Mechaincs, grapple hook is weirdGood+stealth game thats is on steam(there are like 10 of them lol)+very good characters better voice action than the last 3 elder scrolls games combined.+Character have v4ginas and are written quite well."
,Not Recommended,425210,30863964,Posted: 31 March,all,AoeAoe,"It has a controller support and linux support, but controller doesn't work on linux.Launcher cannot be controlled via controller and steamlink+steam controller flatout doesn't work when Linux is a streaming host. Bug is well known and WONTFIX was indicated by a devolper on steam forum thread.Stay away if you are on linux."
,Recommended,425210,24867658,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,maybe 10%,"Cozy game. The sidekick character was more capable of navigating guards' patrols than I was, though, so I'm a little offended."
76561197990182432,Recommended,425210,25046421,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,DanaO,"I personally enjoyed playing this, but I wouldn't claim that anybody who likes stealth games is going to like this - or for that matter the reverse. Shadwen plays rather differently from almost anything else I'm familiar with in that genre. The notes I expect to be relevant to a ""would I play this"" decision:* It's extremely easy to stay unseen, and not hard to stay unheard. However, there is nothing between ""a guard knows you're there"" and ""certain if not instant death"". If you especially like the action side of sneaking (escape and evasion) this game isn't for you. Also on that topic, the alternative to ""mass killer"" isn't ""unnoticed ghost"", it's ""incredibly active poltergeist"". One way or another, your presence if not actual form will be felt, heard, and/or seen by nearly everybody you come across. It's just as well that by the storyline most of the guards are emotionally drained and half-expecting angry spirits.* Difficulty-wise, it's just about as hard to bypass guards and leave them all alive behind you as it is to eliminate all of them. If you expect to use violence as an ""easy mode"" and work your way up in skill you'll be frustrated and ultimately disappointed. (I'm not getting into story considerations here; people will enjoy the story for far less time than they'll be playing the game to get at it.)* Timing occasionally matters, but aside from the whole ""stop and rewind at will"" greatly aiding your acrobatics, trial and error will mostly replace timing patrollers. In fact, whenever timed movement is enough to progress you won't need to do any work, just follow along. Which gets to:* As you've likely read, pretty much the entire game will be an escort mission. The technical points: you won't have to protect her - she likely has a better ability to predict and avoid notice than you. However, her travel options are limited and she's poor at signaling either her intended route or what she's waiting for to take it. So while you won't have to worry about the usual game issues with an escort mission (and you can always know just where she is and what she's doing), you can get stuck at points because you're misreading her path and clearing a way for her in the wrong direction. People who don't manage to ""get"" how she thinks can end up extremely frustrated trying to play.* While you can pull off some mildly awesome physics tricks (such as makeshift pullies), it would take a speedrunner to get value out of those. You'll more likely find the physics fiddly; fortunately there's loads of ""boring but practical"" application the whole way through. Likewise, there are points where you can definitely pull of a precise and effective technique to get you further along, but most of the time you'll be continuously messing with things around guards and being amazed that things like out-of-control wagons fishtailing repeatedly around them never causes them to raise the alarm. (You aren't surviving an alarm, so this is a good thing.)* This leads to one salient point: you'll likely get bored if you try to go through the game in one go. There are a very limited set of new things you run into, and while a good deal of work went into the setting and atmospherics (and technically the environment changes in new ways), the game is long enough it'll end up feeling repetitive. I can see this as a necessary outcome of keeping things playable, especially with the scripting used to get a sufficiently intelligent escortee. (This also is a reasonable explanation for why the guards are dumb even by the standards of the genre. And it works in that you might feel stuck, but you'll never get killed by no fault of your own.)I won't say that Shadwen feels truly brilliant, or polished to the standards of high-budget commercial games. But it's solid enough and has some interesting points, most of which would make ""solid"" challenging enough to achieve. I've played a lot of worse games that tried the same level of innovation, and I've certainly played far, far worse games that would be tagged ""stealth"". I don't regret either playing or paying for it. Hopefully the above will help others decide if they would."
76561198022951753,Recommended,425210,24970730,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Blackdepp,So what to say about Shadwen. I do like its gameplay and especially the feature that everything around you freezes as long as you stand still. This really gives the game a unique touch. Sadly it lacks variety though. So it feels very repetitive after a few hours. Regardless I would give it a go but maybe wait till it's on sale or something.(6.5/10)
76561198025643813,Recommended,425210,25132542,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ekscrypto,"Great sneaking game, interesting dialogs with plenty of achievements to make it work a few play throughs.The ""Auto-paused"" and the ""rewind"" makes this game a laid back relaxed puzzle game in an assassin/stealth environment; combined with the protect the child from seeing death while back stabbing the guards is a nice story twist.I really enjoyed playing this game and would highly recommend it if you like sneaking around.  Remove the cone of lights for added challenge!"
,Recommended,425210,29046690,Posted: 5 January,all,theWocky,Not a bad game at all. I took a while getting used to the grappling hook.My one hour live! preview belowhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFn74H3_6C8
76561198148971877,Recommended,425210,29071891,Posted: 6 January,all,samuelbwatson,"This game is a lot of fun. I'm not a big veteran of stealth-style games, but I really enjoyed this one.There are some things that I wish were better. I had some minor issues with the menu controls, which kind of led to me never really using the crafting feature that the game has. The game's story is very basic, but it's workable.On the other hand, I really like how the time-reversal mechanic lets you experiment a little bit with what you're planning to do, and then take it back as far as you need to if something goes wrong. It's usually nicer than restarting the whole level over. If, though, you mess up really badly and don't notice for a long time, reversing several minutes of the game can be a little tiring.As another positive, I liked how it's all an escort quest, but the girl you're helping get around isn't a total idiot. (Also the guards will never see her, no matter what happens...even if they suddenly reverse direction and her tracking gets caught on them as she runs in place. You basically aren't there to keep her safe, just to clear the way enough that she'll keep moving.Overall an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,425210,24986815,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,OwwMyBallz! | =-{PNAC}-=,Love the game and can't wait for a second iteration beyond escape from the castle *wink* *wink* let's see how far we can take our duo into other adventures.
,Recommended,425210,33061037,Posted: 30 June,all,stevedafer,Awesome game where one run is definitely not enough!
,Recommended,425210,33857728,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,Tread the fine line between hero and villain in this stealth action game.Don't kill a soul or end them all. It's up to you how to get to the king.
,Recommended,425210,28108313,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE: I recommended this game with some exceptions, overall if the game did not live up to just a tiny expectation, I would not have recommended it at all, so please read the review carefully if you are thinking of buying/playing this gameJust to be clear from the start, Shadwen is not a bad game. Shadwen is a game developed and published by Frozenbyte, the same people behind the Trine seriesShadwen is an odd game, cobbled together from various other mechanics and it's good that indie developers try stuff like this. However, this time it doesn't work so well. The core game plays like early stealth games. The stealth kills are fairly blandThere's a grappling hook which gets you spotted more often than not and is best used for dragging objects to cause distractions. There's a rewind time mechanic which had no in-game explanation or any restrictions pretty much wrecks any challenge in the game. There's also the ""time only flows if you move"" thing, it's an okay mechanic but it doesn't bring anything to a game that has no combat... there's not one single moment where it comes in usefulThe game can be played as a murder rampage or a stealthy kinda deal... that would be great except the whole thing is one giant escort mission of a girl called Lily. The guards can't actually see her but you need to provide her with cover to get from point A to point B. Sadly often her AI refuses to move even when the coast is clear so murdering people is far easier than trying to stealth itSadly, Lily has no personality whatsoever and will chastise you between levels for murdering people. On top of that there's very little in the way of story, no character progression, HUD, skills or loot. There's some sort of crafting system but I finished the game just fine without crafting anything. It's also game over the moment the guards see a dead body...Ultimately, I don't dislike Shadwen. It was an okay game, but that's all it is. You may get more mileage if you really wanna go through twice for achievements' sake but the level design is linear and unimaginative and the game just doesn't live up to the potentialYet another dissapointment from Frozenbyte...RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,425210,29002729,Posted: 4 January,all,skullcakez,This game is pretty good. I like that time only moves when you move and you can rewind time. Only thing is the lag of story.
,Recommended,425210,33473140,Posted: 11 July,all,Lee Sung Kyung,"Shadwen is a nice game. You can play it when you're bored and everything will become challenging if you keep on dying maybe. Anyways, nice game!"
,Recommended,425210,23139001,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GSF,Shadwen is one of the best games I have played in a while. I was surprised on how great the gameplay was for such a cheap price. The only problem I have with this game is that it was really short I finished it in 4.4hrs. In the end I recomend this game even if you aren't a fan of stealthy games!
76561198062499883,Recommended,425210,34189532,Posted: 12 August,all,LinuxDarudeIRC,"Enjoyable, non-hectic game for those seeking something aesthetical apart from fast paced shooters and such."
76561198008222040,Recommended,425210,34359934,Posted: 19 August,all,Ko7bo4ld,"I enjoyed this game very much. To get all achievements I played the whole story twice and loved that you have to play very much differently to either not kill any guards, but let Lilly sneak through, or kill them all. I am now on the Escape chapters and enjoy the freedom to let some guards live."
,Recommended,425210,24057379,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mabster,"Shadwen is unique enough for me to give a careful recommendation, but it is a flawed product.The big problem with the game - at least while choosing to play non-leathally - is its repetitive gameplay loop. Because the AI companion, Lily, moves automatically when not watched by any guards, and the guards move somewhat randomly when alerted, the game is essentially just about nudging boxes to make noise and waiting for Lily to glitch her way to the next conveniently placed haystack or bush (a hardy variety that's also found indoors, on marble). This repeats through all the 15 levels with not much challenge, need to plan ahead, or to take advantage of the environment. Combined with the lack of variety in enemies and surroundings, the entire game ends up feeling flat with no real memorable moments or stand-out levels.Shadwen delivers its story through voice-only cutscenes between levels and basic stealth game enemy chatter; an attempt to humanize the guards slightly undermined by their apparent willingness to murder random children on the streets. The two main characters are fine, Shadwen is the world-weary professional assassin and Lily the innocent yet philosophical blue-eyed child-Jesus that teaches her about love and kindness. The connection between the characters is represented mechanically by incentivising the player to hide Shadwen's killer's nature from Lily, a cool idea.Like the thief character from the Trine series, Shadwen has a grappling hook that offers a nice feeling of freedom and a way to interact with the physics-enabled objects. The advertised time controlling mechanics work well and enable fancy stunts, but might be a better fit in a more puzzle-oriented game. It's hard to shake the feeling the game would be improved if it was much more focused on finding and creating a path through the levels by manipulating the environment, with tighter level design, more control over the AI companion, and more predictable enemies.As it stands, Shadwen is a okay stealth game with some good ideas and some bad decisions. The asking price is fair."
76561197965282243,Not Recommended,425210,24455290,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hatch,"I have mixed feelings about this game.  Sadly, I have to give it a thumbs down.  Hear me out.  Visually this game is awesome.  The gameplay, meh.  The gameplay I can best describe as: take Batman: Arkham City, mix it with Braid and give it a medieval setting and you get Shadwen.  Stealth is key! And you can rewind time like in Braid.  For a stealth game it's one of the better ones but not near being the best.  If you're like me and used to the fluid gameplay of the Arkham series you'll get aggravated with Shadwen.  Batman reaches a ledge, lands on a high platform, or uses his grappling hook it's almost always a good result.  Shadwen has sloppy mechanics when it comes to grabbing ledges and using the grappling hook.  I've grappled a high ledge several times and Shadwen just hangs below it and won't climb completely up.  You have to do some fancy swing work to get some places.As for combat, it's not good.  Yes you can sneak up on guards and give them the dagger business and you can set traps.  But if you try to take on a guard face to face or alert the other guards you're done, gotta rewind and try again.  That's one thing I liked about the Arkham series.  You take out one guy and they'll all freak out and get scared.  Here, it's just game over.  No having fun with the enemies.Weapons and traps.  You have a dagger from the get go but traps have to be crafted with parts you find in chests throughout the game.  I don't have a huge problem with that.  It gives it a challenge.  But guess what?  You craft that trap and it's good for ONE USE.  You have to craft each one you want to use.  I found myself reluctant to use the traps because I was afraid I'd really need them later on.  You can also use the environment to take out guards too.  And if you think you can be a super ninja and do the fancy stuff you see in the game trailer, well, with lots of practice and playing chapters over and over you might get that good.  I found just sneaking up and stabbing was the easiest way.  Boring.  And if you don't take out all the guards with your trap then the survivor will alert the other guards.If you're into stealth games then I think you should give it a try.  It's by no means a broken game but not a great one either.  But I'd wait for a sale if I were you.  Batman Arkham and Thief are way better stealth games.Pros:GraphicsMusicArtworkChoice endingAbility to rewind timeCan use the environment to take out enemiesCons:Gameplay - it's inconsistent and sometimes glitchyStory - not a very deep storyline, the gameplay doesn't really tell a story.  Coming from Frozenbyte, this is unusual.Traps - you can only use them once per craftCombat - you can't fight head on and you can't alert the guards. In other words you can't ""have fun"" with them."
,Recommended,425210,23052404,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,RecurveNinja,"Cool game. Very pretty, supports 144Hz monitors, and is pretty fun. Very very annoying that you have to hold R1 while not moving in order to pass time, though. In my (4.4 hour) playthrough, I found myself never needing nor wanting to use any crafted gadgets, because enemies were always easily dispatched with the dagger. For this reason, despite the rather grim setting, I can't help but think this game's place is for playing with your kids, as an entryway to stealth games.The controls need a lot of work. When you're in the crafting menu, you use left and right on the D-pad to cycle through schematics, and then use the analog stick to select ingredients for the schematic, which is just kind of bulky, and I think they should have made it so that you select a schematic, and then use the d-pad again. As stated before, time stops when your character stops moving, unless you hold R1. I found my right index finger getting fatigued due to constantly holding R1 waiting for guards to move around and such.Lastly, this game is very, very short. It took me 4.4 hours to go through the full game (15 levels) once, that's an average of 17.6 minutes per level. If you're looking for a stealth game that takes patience and skill, go play Thief 1, 2, and I dare say 3. Not the reboot though, the reboot sucks.Whether or not a game of this length is worth $17 to you is ultimately your decision. I enjoyed the game, but, honestly, I'm having a hard time recommending it due to its short length, and I simply don't think I would purchase it again. I will, however, leave it as a ""yes"" because I prefer to err on the side of positivity, and because the Trine devs are pretty cool."
76561198044060889,Not Recommended,425210,24833115,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Gigoveth,"Way too easy.Good as sneak&stab kind of game (maybe apart from the girl continously telling you not to kill *sigh*), with quite a few nice ideas. But overall - too easy. In but 1 place I had any problems to go through. If you get it at a sale - go for it. But it is not worth its full price."
76561197999520932,Recommended,425210,23124140,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bin.Sulayem,such an amazing game !i really loved it
,Recommended,425210,34376260,Posted: 20 August,all,George,Beautiful game. :)One of the best stealth based games I've played. This game right here is what Ubisoft must look at when designing the next Assassin's Creed. :D
76561197968428861,Recommended,425210,23840323,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,FlyingPinkPony,"Overall: Would recommend. A solid stealth game with a number of unique elements.Pros: Interesting blend of mechanics. It's a fusion of a stealth game and an escort quest, but a well done one and the mechanics work together well. You play a sneaky assassin with a grappling hook breezing through the levels to murder a king but you must escort a little girl around/through the guards. The core patterns work well, the basic jumping, sneaking, and stabbing is fun. There is also a rewind mechanic where you can undo any actions that don't go the way you want.The achievements can push you to go a kill everyone, or spare everyone run but there isn't any other gameplay hooks pushing you towards a direction you are free to do what works for you.Cons: Controls are a little clunky and there are gameplay bugs, but the rewind mechanic forgives the vast majority of issues since you're allowed to freely rewind time if the character misjumps.Gameplay can get a little repetitive as there are only two enemy types and new mechanics are rarely introduced but the core gameplay is solid enough to carry it along. Crafting is also a little weak, I think I used it once over the course of the game.Overall though it's a solid pickup and well worth the price point. It won't keep you for more than 5-6 hours but it's a highly enjoyable 5-6 hours."
,Recommended,425210,23933532,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Questionable Saint,"Certainly my cup o' tea besides a few minor annoyances. I love stealth games, and I love the cutscenes, it reminds me of the old thief games and it's gorgeous and enjoyable.-Now if you're playing on a laptop like me, this game has framerate drops worse than Skyrim does with my 90 mods installed. That's on my system, which isn't a bad setup just a laptop that gets a little overheated when I click on file explorer.-Lily takes care of herself but she can act a little wonky at times, running backwards and sometimes leaving hiding spots for no real reason. Fortunately the guards can't see her no matter what so no big deal.-The time freeze was a neat idea, I love it for when you get spotted, makes things whole lot easier with less loading screens just rewinding time. However, I don't need my game to be frozen 24/7 except when I'm holding down Q or actively moving my character. Actually it's downright annoying. One hour into this game if you aren't just constantly keeping your finger held down on the Q button than I'm impressed. I think it would have worked worlds better if it froze/slowed down time when you held Q, so basically the opposite of what it is now. Yes it's a puzzle hybrid, but thinking on one's feet is important in stealth games.-Overall the game is gorgeous. Characters actually look Dark Ages, there's tons of neat dialogue adding stuff to the background (if you're holding down Q to hear it, because the dialogue freezes too when time stands still)-It is a very interesting take on a stealth game with the mixing of puzzles (mostly mixed through adding Lily who you have to escort through the levels.)-There's an intriguing story told in a fun way going on-You can be a sociopath murderer or keep everyone alive, and hence basically causing you to want to play the whole game twice, that's always nice.I like the game, I really do."
,Recommended,425210,23500851,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,KingHaek ⍨,"*guard trips over a barrel*""ALEERT SOMEONE IS HERE""*Guard is stuck between boxes and breaks one*""SOMEONE IS HERE""*Lily stands in the middle of the guards*""No one around. It was just my imagination""*shadwen uses grappling hook and smashes into a guard*""I think I heard a noise""*guard is stabbed in plain sight*""ITS THE EVIL SPIRITS""*guard touches a falling box*""ITS THE EVIL SPIRITS""*guard dies*10/10, Game of the Year -IGNWould EVIL SPIRITS again"
,Not Recommended,425210,24818624,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Benilla Ice,"Honestly this game is too easy, there is little to no challenge in killing the guards or just sneaking past them. Time pauses when you're not moving which is more annoying than useful. The idea was cool and I love stealth games, but this just didn't quite hit the mark."
,Not Recommended,425210,31912034,Posted: 22 May,all,I.,"Decent game, which I did enjoy, however I don't recommend at full price here is why:Pros===- Graphics, great, really nicely done- Sound: Good- Game Mechanics, rewind time was a neat feature.Cons====Game Mechanics:  To clarify this.  The game has a really neat rewind time feature like Prince of Persia.  However, the promo states: ""Make deaths look accidental; let gravity do the grave work."", every single time I used ""physics"" to kill a guard the others would ring the alarm eventually.  So I saw no point with this after a while and I just did it to make the game interesting in some parts when something looked painfully inviting to use.  Also there are tools and traps you can use, yet I think I used them a total of 5 or 6 times, really seemed to make it much more of an effort to setup a trap when you can easily distract the guards and get them to follow you and kill them that way.  I read in some of the other posts that not killing the guards was much more difficult.  In retrospect I should have done this more often as it seemed that killing them was in the end far to easy.AI: The AI was dumbed or blinded too much for the levels, instead of lurking in the shadows like you'd expect from a stealth game, you are usually ""just outside the guards view"" even though every room you can see all the way accross, and some of the rooms had a dinner table in it with guards at the other end that couldn't see you.Also the promo for the game states: ""Embrace the darkness with Shadwen and her abilities to protect Lily and create a safe passage for her."" She really just finds her way through with no help needed.  You can direct her to goto certain places, however I never used this feature, perhaps I missed out on something, yet it just felt like a feature that was added in the late stages of development and I didn't really serve any purpose.- Story was so-so, was hoping for something more as you went along, not much was divulged as the game progressed and a lot of repetition, which got me to ignore what the guards were saying after a while.  From the promo: ""Will Shadwen risk the girl's budding trust by resorting to violence, or try and find another way while keeping her real purpose concealed?""I finished the game, and I still have no idea what Lily's real purpose was other than to help open the doors with two latches, and open the occasional door that I couldn't get through.Frozenbyte are great Dev's and I love the Trine series (not played Shadowgrounds yet).  This game was good and seemed like a good first kick at stealth games, I would definitely play another stealth game as long as they addressed up the stuff above.Promo price of sub $5 is a great price for the game, and worth the buy.  Full price, not so sure.[Edited for clarification]"
,Recommended,425210,26275473,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,laz3dots,"Do you like killing people ? Do you like innocent little girls ? If yes you're sick dude, but this game is for you, hooray !"
,Recommended,425210,23201273,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,hsshss2005,for Trine
,Recommended,425210,23215427,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hu$tl3r,Its a nice stealth game with good gfx and atmosphere.
76561198042182817,Not Recommended,425210,25000873,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,magneze,"""Full controller support"". Steam Controller doesn't work on SteamOS. Waited for update, still broken. Requested refund."
,Recommended,425210,23851061,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MASTERPIMP,"I just bought this last week and now it's on sale, still worth it though."
,Recommended,425210,34565210,Posted: 28 August,all,--Kenric,.
76561197970455038,Not Recommended,425210,24288516,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Chicken Nugget,"Bland generic stealth game with broken aiManage to stealth through most of a level without alerting/killing the guards? Dont worry the AI companion girl that you have to escort through the whole game will  randomly decide to run back half way through a level to a hiding spot because the many hiding spots that are in the local area are just not good enough for the little cherub and she must belive the guards will find her at any hiding spot apart from ones near start of level.Which means you have to go all the way back then escort and distract the guards all over again so she slowly moves up to the next checkpoint hoping nay praying shes doesnt decide to run back again. (whilst she runs back and forward not being seen by guards like Elizibeth from Bio Shock: Infnite)The crafting system for traps and gadgets is ok, nothing special just find things in chests and make basic trap kits.The combat systems is very basic press a button You insta kill a guardThe story is okoverall id say a 5/10 an passable stealth game with a few annoying glitches here and there."
76561198016358546,Not Recommended,425210,23093785,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Spanambula,"Well, let's see, the controls are clunky, the controller support spotty (everything's labeled correctly in the bindings screen, but the in-game tips display as ""Loot using Button 10!"" ""Fire Grapple Using Button 18!"" Seriously, how do you let your game out the door with stupid things like that?I also hate that you can't just reverse the Y-Axis on the camera without reversing the X-Axis as well, which I found annoyingly counter-intuitive as I tried to aim my crosshairs at precise points for the grappling hook. Lastly, my controller won't seem to perform a stab, no matter what I bind the stab action to. Works fine with the keyboard, though, but I can't stand WSAD controls, and holy crap the mouse responds sluggishly no matter what sensitivity I use. Tried reinstalling the game to see if this would get fixed, but nope.The soundtrack could be a lot more developed; I've heard so much great stuff from indie sountracks lately that this seeming endless loop of the first few notes of ""Scarborough Fair"" get old quickly.Is this a salty review? Yes, it is, but from the other reviews this was going to be a fun little stealth game rather than a frustrating few hours of semi-platforming and stupid guard AI evading. Waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,425210,23107312,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,sans the skullerman,It's really fun... for the first two levels. Then it's just boring and repetitive.
76561197996481059,Recommended,425210,30320626,Posted: 4 March,all,RiceSaki,"Brings back good memories of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, when your in Zelda's castle."
76561197965403890,Recommended,425210,25981066,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,catchergoogoo,"Clunky, clumsy & repetitive, but I like it .................................................... Saddo"
76561198010071123,Recommended,425210,23114231,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ketana,"Lily proves that cardboxes are useless, she is the Very Big Boss."
76561198033962125,Recommended,425210,23962342,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EVERT,"EVIL SPIRITS! DARK SPIRITS! 10/10! this game was really fun, can get abit repetitive but didnt mind me that much, it has replay value aswell wich is nice"
,Recommended,425210,32399895,Posted: 13 June,all,WILLYPILLY,very good
,Not Recommended,425210,32354459,Posted: 11 June,all,Zoffix Znet,"Frustration. The Game. I wish this game had a face, so I could punch it.The devs basically took the ridiculously-useless ""Thief"" character from their earlier Trine games and made a game around her, except using a different name. She used to have a grappling hook, so hey, let's shove a grappling hook into this game! It's totally annoying and doesn't really work, but we just gotta shove it into this game, a'ight?The mechanic is totally broken. Most of the time you're mashing the grappling hook button while a giant ""You're too far away from your target"" message is splattered on the screen.  Once in a while you latch on and then dangle about like a sack of bovine dung, before repeating the process. The only relief is the ""rewind time"" button, so you don't waste your time loading a save when you mess up. But then, what do I really have at stake here, if I can instant-rewind all of my mistakes?After being annoyed with the grappling hook, I just rage quitted, it infuriated me so much. I'm probably going to try this game again later on, and I realize a review based on 30 minutes of playtime might not be fair, but I was just shocked to find a useless, obnoxious, and lifeless character from Trine has made its way into this game.GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!"
,Not Recommended,425210,23377252,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,whenstorytellersplaygames,Shadwenis a game to play if you are a stealth addict. However the gameplay is repetitive and there's not enough story to carry on. (Personal opinion)
,Not Recommended,425210,24329668,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Maiku,"Concept of the game is pretty good, but as soon as you get your hook.. this game is trash. This hooking system is the worst gameplay I've ever experienced with a controller or keyboard and mouse.. Heh.."
76561198053823153,Not Recommended,425210,34085199,Posted: 7 August,all,ADAIN-AHAD,F@@@k the he'll out of this game.  GPS issues.
76561198110558083,Not Recommended,425210,24354915,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,s1emeckii,"Do not buy this game. It's unbelivably broken and ugly, and nothing about the gameplay is interesting enough to justify everything you have to deal with. I've had guards notice me when they shouldn't, not notice me when they should, and have been accused of killing a guard when I distracted him and snuck by. I've also had several hard crashes. All this in, as you can see, less than an hour of playing the game. Not worth your money or your time."
76561198135510039,Recommended,425210,23044421,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GabrielIMG,"Hi . ( Sorry for my bad english from |\/I played this game in demo like , 5-8 hours. I f....ing love it from start.First i want to say i just have 1.3 hrs , for moment . FOR MOMENT,This game is Stealth based game where u are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome female protagonist with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥long hook and a tiny daggerThis game look so ,, sooo,, soooooo good for his genreI rate graphic 10/10I rate story 9/10I rate logic 11/10I rate protagonist girls 10/10I rate blind guards 11/10Should you buy this game?Yes , what u wait?"
,Not Recommended,425210,23089092,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dantedeathhermit,"The game has serious issues with how it runs its rewind and timestop mechanics because it causes the game to run at sub double digit FPS on ""high graphics"" despite looking like a late era PS2 game."
76561198123377879,Not Recommended,425210,24878548,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Potts&Pans,My fingers hurt
,Recommended,425210,23038539,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"This game is made by Frostbyte, who also made the great Trine games, so they are a innovative and good company.First impressions (I also played the demo a few months ago for about 4 hours, since it seems that they made slight improvements):+Good Stealth+Abilities and Tools to be a Saboteur.+Original ideas like static time when not moving and rewind+Great price (Its about 14 levels so solid length)+/- AI can be maginal at times.- Controls can take a little while to get use to (releasing whip etc) but are fine.Your objective is to lead a young girl through a gauntlet of patrols by distracting, luring, sabotaging (pushing or pulling barrels down from ledges with your whip to kill or relocate guards) so that she can make it to the end of the medeval architecture areas. You can use your whip almost like the female ninja in the Trine games, climb and stealth a bit like Assassin's Creed or Styx Master of Shadows.You want to disrupt the environment as little as possible by killing few to no guards to make it more challenging. I look forward to playing a lot soon, will advise if I encounter any bugs. I got Doom upon release, but played this first. If still unsure try out the demo, anyone who likes stealth, puzzles or physics based games should probably like Shadwen!So far 9/10"
76561198282778045,Not Recommended,425210,23925808,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shamankingvc,it was glitchy as it was bad game
,Recommended,425210,30164504,Posted: 25 February,all,Moorah™,best game ever. get ready for a serious addiction <3
,Not Recommended,425210,23979437,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Voodooman,"Have you ever played any game with your little brother or friend, who tried to annoy you by pressing PAUSE button every freaking second, until you decided you punch him as hard as you can and yell to stop doing that? Well designer of this game is acting like this annoying little brother or friend, and you will want to punch him in a face after few minutes in game, because it gets on pause every freaking second until you will rage quit it and will go POSTAL, shooting everybody you see!It seems like primitive (nothing comparable to stealth benchmark - Splinter Cell Chaos Theory or Thief 2-3) but nice stealh game with some ""spider-man"" sort of swing mechanics, however DO NOT BUY IT, UNTIL DEVS WILL REMOVE THIS MOTHERFRUCKING ANNOYING TIME PAUSE AND WILL MAKE IT FULLY REAL TIME!You cant freaking do a step without game being stopped, when it happens every freaking second, especially during swinging, it getting so annoying so you want to kill a game designer who decided it would be a good idea to make a SUPERHOT kind of mechanics here ""time moves only when you move"" and by moving they dont mean moving of character ( you know, when you are in a middle of swing jump, you kinda move, even if you dont press stick to move), they do mean moving of mini stick of press of keyboard button, that controls direction - and when you dont press it, time stops.I never played game as annoying as this one!As tutorial of swing part claims - time stops to help aim during swing, but thing is - actually it helps you fall and die. Im doing thing better in real time during uninterapted game flow. Instead of making this stupid thing that completely stops the time, and giving you button that allows time to advence (seriosly, you have to always hold RB to make sure game is not suddenly paused) they should have just added SLOW FREAKING MO mode, that activates when you press RB. But no, instead they added full pause that turns on when you dont expect, breaks your game flow and interupt your input chain and you just cant properly continue what you just did.When it comes to stealth this machnics also does do anything good, instead of looking for about minute how guards moves and learning their routes (spoiler - unfortunately most of guards herr just standing at same point ot move like 5-10 meters forward and back) or waiting for a ""windows"" to sneak past them, game just freaking stops, and you have to hold RB to make game advance! My finger already hurts of playing game with RB pressed all the time!Im going to request devs to add real time mode, if they are not going to remove this annoying time stopping mechanics or give promise they will do it soon, im going to claim for refund in 7-14 days.Also, stealth machanics does not care about shadows and light and only use bushes and objects your can hide behind, metal gear - like. Guards has low fov , barely hear anything. Also they are highlighted even at hardest difficulty despite game claims that it should disable any kind of highlight. This game wastes too much of potential and is very casual and dumbed down comparing to classic stealth games.Im seriosly warning you - DO NOT BUY this game until real time mechanics will be patched in! YOU WILL BE ANNOYED TO DEATH! YOU WILL GO POSTAL AND WILL START SHOOTING PEOPLE IN A FACE AFTER PLAYING THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,425210,29461606,Posted: 24 January,all,dm,k
76561198119616998,Not Recommended,425210,30494001,Posted: 13 March,all,Lord_Zongo,The entire game is an escort mission
,Recommended,425210,23039994,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Brazzers,还行 不错
,Not Recommended,425210,30404054,Posted: 8 March,all,urçaklıt takes a break,sucks d*ck
,Not Recommended,425210,23658207,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,WolfintheFold,My Shadwen reviewhttp://shadwenreview.blogspot.ca/
,Recommended,425210,30651428,Posted: 21 March,all,Wizza Pilla,"Glad to have supported this gem. While the levels can get a bit repetitive and I found it too easy not to use all special items except the grappling hook, this game still manages to impress in terms of graphics and the development of the relationship between the two main characters. Looking forward to more titles from the developer."
,Recommended,425210,30750506,Posted: 26 March,all,ktex,"A nice stealth game, a little bit repetitif, mostly when we found the technic to rush the end easily. But still interesting !"
76561198056470722,Recommended,425210,26109558,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,imb58,"This game was a pleasent surprise. Its a little rough round the edges in places,  but the basic concept works and it has a certain charm.It never crashed or locked up. And I liked the story and the characters, not that there is a lot of interaction.  As long as you are not expecting Dishonored or Tomb Raider - its a fraction of the price - you should enjoy this if you like stealthy type games. There are various ways of completing each level/area so has the potential for some replay action.Looking forward to a Shadwen 2"
76561198092185746,Recommended,425210,26279999,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sobored13440,"After Trine 3, I was on the fence about this game. Gladly, they brought me back on their side again. Graphics are beautiful and engaging and fit the theme of the game spot-on. Story is excellent. The mechanics are a bit wonky, will take a bit of getting used to."
,Recommended,425210,26501152,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Increddibelly,"fun game, beautiful, great atmosphere. The fact you can stop and rewind time to undo a mistake is a neat touch.It's too long though - once you've found that killing is easier, you won't need to craft anything anymore."
,Recommended,425210,26597957,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TaskeNeron,"This is a stealth game, and a fun one at that. Where in Assassins Creed you can run or fight away from guards, in this game you cannot, if they see and shoot you that game ends but no need to worry though you can just rewind time, much like Prince of Persia or Life is Strange, to name two of the most known. This makes exploring and trying different things more assessable, and a lot more enjoyable. But not only can you rewind time, time just stops when you quite moving, making swinging from platform to platform so cool, it made me feel great; I felt like a ninja! Just like apparently the little girl, Lily is; as she can stealth better than my character can. In the fourth level I left her behind to look for chest only to find out that she pathed her way through half the map without direct actions form myself, I may have unintentionally moved guards around to grab chest but I was shocked to see Lily run from one bush to the other in front of me when I left her at the start to the map.Not that the game is all good, the physics are a little wonky at times and guards seem to ignore some barrel all together when you move them right next to them, while its fun to swing from platform to platform with the grapple hook it can be frustrating at some points to climb on top of them. But ultimately it is still a fun experience. It is one of the strongest stealth games out there, with a great concept and strong mechanics.  And being fun is the point of games and make it forgivable for it to have some problems and let’s not forget that this is a 17 dollar game not a 60 dollar one, and for that price it is worth it and if you wait for a sale its even better."
76561198145196779,Recommended,425210,26610738,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Killer Jazz Man,"I love this game! The ability to choose how you want to beat each level, the whole time stopping thing, listening to the story unfold between levels, listening to guards talk to one another, just an amazing game. I would reccomend looking up all of the other endings once you finish though, the story is deeper then it appears. I love everything about this game, totally hoping for a sequel."
76561198025666190,Recommended,425210,26495615,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,koura,"Wow. I really enjoyed myself through the game. Even the music at the end. On the first playthrough I decided to kill everyone, which was fairly easy with the knife, but was made interesting by using traps and dropping things on the guards. I liked the rewind feature, which spared me from getting frustrated and was certainly better than a save/load cycle. The game was short enough for me to try over and sneak through the without killing anyone. Obviously it was harder that way.The dialogs were fine and I mostly listened what the guards had to say before I murdered them. The story was simple, but suited the game well. The game being divided into short chapters enabled me to play it on coffee breaks and I just might do so in the future too.Linux support is nice. I doubt I would have stumbled on this nice piece of work without it."
76561198023518063,Recommended,425210,30985594,Posted: 6 April,all,Quantum Phantom,"I got to be a real villain by sneaking around and being careful not to make a sound.You like stealth/assassination games and interactible environments? This is a solid short gameplay experience for you. The time mechanics in the game make it perfect for setting up complicated, methodical plans and executing them flawlessly.10/10 would stab again"
76561197997506993,Recommended,425210,28917932,Posted: 1 January,all,Charha,"Shadwen is a tunnel run stealth game that's pretty easy in comparision to, for example, the Thief series. Time stops when you're not moving and if you make even a small mistake, you can just carefreely rewind time. You can try to make the game slightly harder for yourself by deciding not to kill any guards.In addition to avoiding the guards you have to guide a little girl through the game levels. I was surprised that unlike in most games where you have to drag some completely idiotic AI NPC along, the gameplay in Shadwen actually felt smooth and effortless. The kid following you might be useless, but at least she doesn't die all the time and cramp your style.There's also a simple crafing system. You can make traps, bolts and decoys. It's mostly useless since you don't need any of that stuff, especially if you're into stealth games.Despite some of these shortcomings I do enjoy the game. Shadwen is fun to play, nice-looking, the soundscape is fine and the female protagonist doesn't look like a porn star. I got the game cheap when it was on discount, so I think I got my money's worth."
76561198062505138,Recommended,425210,28882325,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,seanoskea,"Very mixed. Nice work from a small indie studio. Nice level design and attention to environmental detail. Good character animation. Gameplay is a bit disappointing however. It feels like Thief or AC at first but for a stealth game it’s a bit frustrating. Lighting conditions, distance and cover don’t  do much for you and are inconsistent—at times you will be shot by a guard who catches a glimpse of you from half way across the level while you are motionless behind a stack of crates. Other times you can cross a brightly lit hallway 40’ in front of a guard looking your direction.  You will die hundreds of times playing this game but fortunately there is a kind or rewind action that lets you back up immediately without having to start from a checkpoint.  The AI has the perpetual problem of stealth games by being incredibly stupid while at the same time having superhuman senses. Pull a crate off a ledge and have it smash on the street a few yards from guards and you’ll get, “Did you ‘ear som’fing?”  But try to slip past a dude in full plate armor and he’ll whip around like a cobra.Stealth is further frustrated that the time between “Did you see that?” and DEAD is about two seconds.  The levels are full of all kinds of wonderful nooks and crannies perfect for hiding in except these are useless. The guards will march right over to you no matter how hidden you are. However, duck into a shrub (game asset) and they will be completely flummoxed. So unfortunately, the lovely levels are completely meaningless to game play. The AI is only concerned with game assets.  They will often shoot you around corners, or through objects. They have a Detect/Kill reflex that might be ok for a SiFi killer robot game, but is frustrating in this setting.More problematic is the game is clearly trying to have you be “good” and not kill the guards, but like so many stealth games with a non-violent path (i.e. Dishonored) there is little provided for you to do that. You have a wide range of loot you can gather to make all sorts of lethal bombs and traps and as the game progresses you’ll encounter barrels of gunpowder, precariously placed wagons, and all sorts of fun clever ways to kill the guards but almost nothing for the non-lethal path other than make a noise, hide, wait…wait… wait…GO! Over and over. This is further complicated by the fact that any dead guard detected by any other is a Game Over as well—even if the guard has killed himself by knocking a box on top of himself. Plus the little girl can’t ever see any dead bodies or you’ll get the “bad” ending.Further, the game is one long escort mission with a little girl that you aid early in the game. Rather than tell the kid to beat it, this assassin on this super-deadly mission let’s her tag along. Looking at the promos I thought the girl WAS the point—rescuing the rightful heir before her evil uncle has her killed or something. That would make sense. But no she’s just a street urchin our hero escorts on this deadly mission. What?The game has a strange freeze-action play style that seems to be inspired by Kill Bill/Matrix. The game is  paused unless you are moving or holding down the “wait” key. I found this very distracting and constantly kept me thinking about the game mechanics instead of getting drawn into the story.  Secondly your character has a Spiderman-style “grappling hook” that the game designers obviously intended you to use constantly but the combination of this tool and the stop-motion action made it annoying and frustrating to use.Do yourself a huge favor and assing Crouch/Sneak from the default Ctr to Caps lock so you can toggel it on and off instead of holding it down for 90% of the game.So for the price, this game is well worth it and will keep you occupied for 10 or 12 hours depending on your play style. Its disappointing in that it came so close to being an exciting game, but fell just short—kind of like our hero missing her landing by a few inches and falling on her face in front of a guard."
76561198385647192,Recommended,425210,31939593,Posted: 24 May,all,Noniinmeillasanotaan,Is you don't let the girl know you're a killer it's actually fun game.If you let girl know you're a killer it's a little bit  irritating to play.The ledge grap is a bit faulty but it does not take away for the gameplay.
,Recommended,425210,31994210,Posted: 27 May,all,Cucă de Nocos,"Short, but good. The rewind system is so cool."
76561198127425072,Recommended,425210,32001081,Posted: 27 May,all,Wibiz9000,"I bought this game on sale and I tell you, I regretted NOTHING! The gameplay was gorgeus and rather smooth, cutscenes were done to be pleasing to look at aswell. The guard's conversations and the AI gave me alot of laughs, not in a bad way. There's this little girl named Lily that wants to follow Shadwen as she seeks for her justice, so Shadwen has to take Lily in consideration before killing anyone so her heart wouldn't break, ofcourse Shadwen has the oppoturnity to break her heart at any given moment just by killing a guard or dragging a body before her eyes, but this would effect the story big time.Shadwen also has the rope dart launcher witch makes MLG trickshots possible, and allowing numerous different ways to kill an enemy.So here's my overall pros and consPros:-Lily's pathfinding-Rope dart launcer-Full controller support-Time stops when Shadwen stops-Hding places everywhere-Crafting ability-Story-Artistic cutscenes-Guards-The game is made in Finland-Ability to go back in time, No ""restart level"" buttons (Huge bonus)Cons:-Rope dart occasianly glitches out-Craftables are never being used unless wanting Lily to be terrified-Only 15 missions-Kinda repetitiveI really recommend this game to pretty much anyone, even to weebs. But I'd maybe wait for a sale unless you really insist."
76561198038416774,Recommended,425210,32027601,Posted: 28 May,all,Aurus,"I greatly enjoyed this little gem of a stealth game.There are 2 ways to play: Ghost or Assassin.Ghost style means you're distracting the guards for your little friend Lily to slip past them toward the exit.Assassin style means leaving nothing but bloodstains behind you.(you can technically do a balance of both, but if Lily sees you kill someone, you're locked into the 'killer' route, and it denies you an achievement :P)Personally, I did the stealth route first, then did a slayer-speedrun, this is the order I recommend it.Story is revealed by overhearing the guards, and chatter between chapters, based on your path through the game.Gameplay is like Thief meets Prince of Persia (Sands of Time).Time stops when you do (unless you hold the key to allow time to continue, such as when waiting for a guard to pass, or get into position), so you can have some pretty slick acrobatics with your grappling hook.Expect to 'die' a lot when you're learning. You can turn on the guards' field of vision, but personally I only found it distracting when doing a stealth run.Speaking of 'combat', you don't so much fight guards as ambush them. You can't even win a 1-on-1 fight. Even attacking an enemy from the front makes them block it and raise an alarm. Of course, you don't have JUST your trusty dagger, drop crates on people, set traps, run them over with carts, etc. Some of the best moments in the assassin path involve setting up a rube-goldberg like chain of events, ending with four guards standing under a falling barrel.Overall, 8/10.About 10-15 hours of gameplay, and a game that managed to let you play every stage twice without it seeming like a cop-out.They also have an 'epilogue' where you literally play every stage in reverse to escape the castle. I didn't have much interest personally, but they did a good job of shuffling things to make it seem like the guards know something is up, and are taking precautions against intruders."
,Recommended,425210,31878603,Posted: 21 May,all,Kailyr,"A fun, small, third-person stealth game. The game is technically a 15-chapter escort mission, but it is that which makes it a stimulating challenge.The game uses an interesting time mechanic whereby the world is frozen when you aren't moving, allowing you to strategize and consider your next move. It's also vital for using/repositioning the grappling hook mid-air. You can also rewind time, so if you get caught you can simply rewind and use another tactic. There are a collection of other devices you can use to aid you, though I only found it necessary in two instances (a pressure mine against a heavily armoured guard on a bridge in a kill all playthrough, and a decoy in a spare all).There are four endings, based on spare the guards/kill the guards, spare the king/kill the king, and you can get all the achievements through two playthroughs plus a chapter replay; kill all guards and spare the king (good ending), kill all guards and kill the king (the chapter replay), spare all guards and spare the king. As I said you can replay through chapters, and make sure you change the save slot between your kill all and spare all playthroughs.The AI for Lily can be a little frustrating, but as I learned half way through the game, you can encourage her forward! Check your control bindings. Warning for your spare all guards playthrough, however, sometimes guards will kill themselves! This will count as a kill. If you see it happen then usually rewinding fixes the problem, but of course you may find yourself replaying chapters (or subchapters) to fix this."
,Recommended,425210,31915120,Posted: 23 May,all,Malsona 5,"This game has been sitting in my wishlist for a while and I saw it was on sale so heck, why not?So far I've had a pretty fun time playing this game though it for sure has its quirks/jankyness. The only real ""problem"" I have  so far is the time stop mechanic. Time only moves when you move or hold ""Q"", It a really neat Idea and I will get used to it Im sure, but starting out this game can feel really awkward.The physics based distractions can be a bother sometimes as well. There were a couple times I pulled on a box only for it to kill a guard and alert like 3 others to his death. Thats just physics based games for you though.I was concerned about having to guide the little girl everywhere and point out hiding spots but so far the AI and the pathfinding has been pretty solid and she doesn't feel like a huge chore to escort her around the map. The maps themselves, at least so far, aren't that big either and are plenty packed with options for progression.All in all its a great game and I absolutley recommend this if you like Stealth games, Puzzle Games, or Grappling Hooks then this game is worth the try I think."
,Recommended,425210,31908681,Posted: 22 May,all,ShiryaW,"After Trine I would trust Frozenbyte with /any/thing, and after playing Shadwen I don't think I'm wrong to do so. The best way I can describe it is ""cleverly designed"". The levels are designed to give you ample opportunities for murder and/or distraction in whatever way you may desire, and if you're feeling fancy (or tackling a particularly difficult segment), there's a handy crafting system to give you poison darts and bombs and mines and other explody thingamajigs. You messed up and don't want to repeat the whole level all over again? Not to worry! With the press of a button you can rewind time until you think you're ready to give it another try. And believe you me, you will be rewiding time a lot. And since nobody likes waiting for guards to get into the perfect killing position for 56 years, Shadwen goes all SuperHOT ""time only moves when you move"" to make planning your actions so much easier. You can go full stealth, full murder, or throw some parkour action in there - there are many ways to complete a story.Speaking of stories, this one, in my opinion, is one of the best features of the game. There is no exposition. You get no backstory to the world you start living (and killing) in, no narration, no books of lore. The only thing to guide you and your choices - which DO matter and shape the character of Shadwen - is dialogue between guards overheard while sneaking past, and dialogue between Shadwen and her companion Lily during loading screens. And since Lily reacts very differently to you based on your actions, if you want to really understand what Shadwen is all about, you will want to play the game multiple times and read between many a line. But for what little information you get, all of it is crucial to piecing together what actually happened in this ""bloody, gruesome story"" that has just the right amount of mystery to it to keep you interested.My only two complaints would be the repetitive broody music and equally repetitive level design. Don't get me wrong, there are always fun and interesting ways to go about a level, it's just that all the levels are set inside the same murky medieval dungeon walls with the same two kinds of enemies. Sure, it makes perfect sense storywise, and it looks beautiful, it's just not as entertaining as a change of scenery could be every now and then. Ironically I have to say that luckily the game isn't long enough to get really boring. I would love it to be longer, but I feel like around 13 hours of gameplay are just enough for what it has to offer.tl;dr: awesome mechanics, great storytelling and voiceacting, nice art, but would benefit infinitely from more variety. Definitely worth playing though."
76561198085891104,Recommended,425210,31972803,Posted: 26 May,all,*****,"After the reading the negative reviews I didnt expect much but this is easily the most atmospheric game Ive ever played.  The world is breathtakingly beautiful and a delight to be immersed in no matter how linear,"
,Recommended,425210,32029489,Posted: 28 May,all,AffrightS-,"Shadwenare worth playing, Game with a huge potential about different way to finish mission or just to be stealth: grapnel, time control... It's very casual friendly, you don't need lightning fast reflexes or supernatural senses to play it. It's challenging without being frustratingly difficult. Well done Frozenbyte! I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,425210,32017224,Posted: 28 May,all,rmz,"Shadwen is a 3rd person stealth-action game where the only rule is to remain unseen. You can kill from shadows but get spotted and it's a game over.It's a hardcore stealther, as mentioned early it's literally game over when you're spotted. It's a very good game with some very bad gameplay elements. So, you're up for killing the king because he wanted to kill you instead of just paying you for a job well done. On your way to this deed you encounter a little orphan, Lily, who you escort for the whole game. As escort quests go this one is not that bad as Lily is kinda smart and as long as the way is clear she'll go where she needs to go and she's basically invisible for the guards.Every level you have to remain unseen and clear the way for Lily to get to the exit. You clear the way by either providing a distraction, so the guards will look another way, or by killing the guards so they won't see anything ever. You have your trusty rope that clings to wooden surfaces with which you can move things or reach places. Similar to Superhot, time moves only when you move (or you press a designated button), and you have unlimited rewinds whenever you get seen or mess something up. The levels are well made and remind me of Styx a little bit with their verticality, and the game is a quite fun stealther overall. It also has crappy animations, so so graphics and little variety, so well...There are two or three endings, depending on whether you kill the king or not and whether you let the escorted girl know you're a killer. One playthrough should take more or less 7-8hrs, then all chapters are available for chapter select if you want to hunt some achievements. Shadwen is worth a try if you're a fan of stealth games (and it's on sale).I liked:* stealthy stealth* ai of Lily, doesn't make the escort a drag* the story (it's very simple, but changes based on whether your stealthy or murdery)* good level designI disliked:* occasional glitches* the rope animations can be crazy (not in a good way)* most of the levels look the sameGet this if:* you like stealth games and it's on saleDon't get this:* if you're easily bored (this is more puzzle stealther than action stealther)* you can't overlook some glitches"
,Recommended,425210,31938824,Posted: 24 May,all,Asmo6035,"I've been a fan of this genre of games for a long time, starting way back with Deus Ex and Thief. Admittedly, I would have been more impressed with Shadwen 15 years ago then today. It's not that it's a bad game, it's just unpolished.Pros:Shadwen has a very interesting game concept in that you have to clear the way for your 8 year old companion as you make your way through the castle towards your objective.Graphics are reasonable, as is the overall gameplay, and the level design is pretty solid. THe musical score and sound effects are reasonable as wellCons:Shadwen feels a little like an incomplete game. The storyline isn't weak from the standpoint of what it could be, but in its current state, its very underdeveloped. The cutscenes are short and only add a little to the story. I think that much more could have been done here to really immerse players in the storylineThe gameplay also feels underdeveloped. Some of the game mechanics really seem more arbitrary than anything else, and most aren't necessary. While you find schematics for a whole arsenal of different tools and weapons, I only found one  enemy in the game where I needed to use any of them. The grappling hook that your character first finds is more than enough for most situations, mosty owing to a poor AI that can only see and hear things a foot in front of them. Even getting double and triple kills in a tight area is not much trouble, owing to your ability to continually rewind time and just try your luck again.Even though the level layout is reasonably good, a lot of the enemy encounters and patrols are very cookie cutter. There are only two types of enemies in the game, armored, and unarmored, making your strategies very linear. Unlike in games like Thief, you won't ever actually fight a guard, as the game is over as soon as you are seen, or a dead guard is stumbled upon. The latter is unfortunate because your ability to kill guards by using the landscape is a great and fun mechanic. If you'd like to push a box off a ledge and onto an unsuspecting victim, you can do that, and even skillfully maneuver enemies towards specific locations and into a deathtrap. But its usefulness, especially later in the game, is extremely limited. There are no ""accidental"" deaths in this game -- if a guard is killed for any reason and another guard happens to witness it, it's game over. The only time where you can actually pull this off is where you have single lone guards. Occasionally you can work it out in a way that you can kill multiple guards at once, though this is rarer.But what bothers me most of all is the treasure chest system and arbitrary loot. Games like Thief got these mechanics correct by making them realistic. Your purpose was to get money during a level, then use that money to purchase equipment for the next level. In Shadwen, you fight random junk in treasure chests around the landscape. Most of them are in the open, or are ""guarded"", and all of them contain nonsensical items like dead rats, leather belts, cog wheels, etc. How does that even come close to making sense? Why are there random treasure chests just hanging off the side of a roof?The problem with this game, and many others, is this forced crafting system that simply doesn't fit. Instead, the developers would have been better off placing the fully crafted items into random treasure chests. It would have made more sense to find a dart gun in a chest by a guard, then random bits of junk. Schematics and crafting add nothing to this game, and detract from the immersion in a big way.You should definitely pick the game up for its current sale of 5 dollars, it is worth the price if you like this genre, but don't expect to put more than 20 hours into it. Decent game, but far from the best."
,Recommended,425210,34241737,Posted: 14 August,all,无情 | 57nG,"I have just completed the game and I've to say that, the concept oftime only moves when the player's character move.. isn't really a bad idea afterall. Players are free to 'rewind' to undo anything instead of restarting the mission and redo everything. I'd say that this is a good stealth game for beginners.The story was okay.The gameplay is fun although it is kinda buggy sometimes.The game is short, yet it's easy and can be completed within 10 hours of time.Given choices of to kill or not to kill the NPCs, which will affect the story along with the player's achievements.Well it was indeed a pure joy when I stabbed em' all, lol.The guards are very dumb (sometimes that kid too) but that's what made the game more enjoyable because I had fun trolling em' over and over again.Therefore, this game is actually pretty good and worth a try."
76561198047524156,Recommended,425210,34787498,Posted: 6 September,all,Letothend,"This game plays like a simplified Assassin's Creed/Brothers/Prince of Persia hybrid. Not amazing, but I enjoyed it. I loved the art used for the cut scenes. I would buy a sequel."
76561197971402180,Recommended,425210,34842018,Posted: 9 September,all,FrozenChrono,"InfoAbout 10 hours first play through.Some replay ability with finishing missions killing everyone and no one.The good - Features exactly what a stealth game should have. The rewind feature, and pause time feature remove punishment for experimentation and setting up interesting kills.Having a companion adds some depth to the sneaker gameplay.Interesting simple story told well.The badPhysics can be wonky at timesItems were kind of a pain to make and didn't feel very rewarding to use. This might be a me thing, I could see some people getting really into that aspect of the game.Guard AI could use some more settings for increased difficulty."
76561197965046644,Recommended,425210,35100196,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A fun puzzle game focusing on getting yourself and a little girl from point A to Point B. You can also decide to keep everyone alive or kill everyone which can effect the ending. I rather enjoyed the overall experience and never had any issues besides watching the little girl getting stuck or just running through the map without any of the guards stopping her.Overall worth a try if you enjoy puzzles with escorting duty involved.
