user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970313982,Recommended,425670,25614111,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ADS,"TLDR: Buy it.I had no idea this game existed until I saw it released from early access today, and picked it up on a whim and have been very pleasantly surprised.  It's a very slick action oriented platformer that's a ton of fun to play.  If you have any interest in difficult platformers, pick this up, it's an absolute steal.Positives:Adaptive difficulty - I *love* this feature, if I'm playing well I get better rewards and things ramp up.Refined movement - Double jump and and a dash with invicibility frames really lets you flit around and dodge like a madman, when you're in the zone it's a ton of fun.No aiming - As weird as it sounds, I actually like the fact you don't have to aim, it makes concentrating 100% on movement possible.Daily/Weekly challenges - There are challenges which reward high level upgrade items in game if you do well in the rankings, which keeps things interesting and provides incentives to keep improving.Enemy/Item compendium - The pics/info on the enemies is really cool and helps provide some background to the story.Negatives:Backgrounds can be tough to differentiate - At times it's hard to tell if something is the ceiling or an opening you can jump through.Unexplained mechanics - A lot of the mechanics in the game are left up to you to figure out, the loading tips are useful but there's no manual or any detailed explanations for what everything in the game does.Summary:I love platformers and buy a ton of them, this is one of the best I've played in a long time.  Highly recommended."
76561197964143777,Recommended,425670,32793170,Posted: 25 June,all,MongMongEee,This game has  fluid mechanics and the movement feels fantastic. There is auto aim for the shooting so the game is more about evasion and dodges but it feels fantastic to play. I think if you had to worry about aiming it would interrupt the pacing of the game and slow it down considerably. The game is satisfying to play because you're really trying to manage satisfying momentum.  If I had to describe it would be like crossing the Matrix with bullfighting. This game flew under the radar for me when it came out but I'm very glad I was able to find it. It's well worth the asking price.
,Recommended,425670,25662004,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,dracosummoner,"Seraph is a well-done and very challenging platforming shooter that kind of makes me think of a mix of Bayonetta and an old Xbox game called Gunvalkyrie, but as a side-scroller.  You also have an upgrade system like that of an action-RPG, where enemies drop resources that can be used to improve your weapons, spells (""Miracles""), and special limited-durability items that are the closest thing you get to armor.  In addition, your character gains passive buffs, either from gathering the game's equivalent of experience points or from using special items called Shards, which interact with Seraph's three skill trees--Munitions, Defensive (which I recommend focusing on first, because your very limited health needs all the increases it can get) and Holy, which is a mix of offensive and defensive bonuses.  Shards work similarly to combining metal in Team Fortress 2: three of Shard A makes Shard B, which is stronger; three of Shard B makes Shard C and so on, and Shard strengths and rarities are represented through colors, similarly to a loot system.The game doesn't really ""have"" a loot system per se, as other than finding resources and Shards that enemy Daemons drop, you are responsible for what you want to earn and upgrade.  You can't make crafting decisions while you're in the middle of playing a section, but you can do so in between levels, as well as (smartly) from the main menu, which comes in handy if you know you're facing one big enemy instead of many little ones.  However, you also don't have true weapon loadouts: other than your dual auto-pistols, which are always with you and are your only infinite-ammo weapon, you can carry a second weapon by gathering one from numerous lockers spread throughout the game.  Which weapon you get--shotgun, assault rifle, submachine gun, railgun--is randomly generated, though some lockers might instead just offer extra ammo for the one you already have.  Weapons don't have randomly generated prefixes or suffixes that determine their capabilities, so their power generally depends on your investments into upgrading their stats.  Don't neglect your pistols, as they're invaluable when your stronger weapons run out of ammo.Even basic enemies can severely damage Seraph, and health pick-ups are very rare and rather meager when they do appear; in some cases these will barely replenish the equivalent of taking one hit.  The game's central mechanic is its 360º evade system, whose two quickly recharging uses also function as a quadruple jump.  You're meant to rely on the invincibility frames this gives you.  Seraph targets enemies automatically and is generally smart enough to prioritize the close ones, though you can also lock onto them if you want the camera to focus on enemies instead of you.  At times I'd like to zoom the camera out before blindly jumping into an area I can't really ""scout out"" beforehand.  Along with replenished health, you get three lives per level, each of which having a significantly smaller maximum health than the one before it, so you effectively have 200% health spread over three lives.  Lose all of those, and--this was forewarned but may turn a lot of customers away--you resurrect at the last checkpoint you activated, even if it was in a previous level.  Many levels, which individually are small despite their nonlinear design, have secret areas that have these checkpoints and health/gun/ammo refills, so after you complete an area, you might not want to make a beeline for the exit without also looking for a secret checkpoint, unless you're already about to die.  The game's few major boss fights thankfully auto-save at their beginnings.You can also find text logs, and for its genre the game actually bothers to tell a decent story; its writing style is flowery yet sometimes vague, but the story tries to be more complex than just a straight good-versus-evil tale despite its techno-religious motif.  It's even a bit touching when it's not being cynical.  These logs, which can be read during gameplay or accessed from the main menu, do a good job of setting up the complex relationships of the game's small cast, especially between Seraph and ""its/their"" vessel--intriguingly, but never ham-handedly, a Middle Eastern woman, whose interesting backstory brings up a lot of ethical questions.  Character dialogue can be skipped but is worth reading.  Even the weapons, the various Daemons, and the resources they drop have their own little bits of lore, which is a really nice effort despite the weapon designs lacking creativity.  All these bits of story do a good job of explaining concepts other genre entries might take for granted: why are there Daemons, and why do you in particular want to fight them?  How does gameplay death work if you're an angel?  How do experience points work?  Some of the Daemons, however, look like they came out of Dead Space and were then run through a grayscale filter--some more color and design variety would have been nice.  The ending gives you two choices but doesn't really explain much afterward, even if I still had fun overall.Many enemies also have icons over their heads representing their abilities, but the game doesn't extensively explain those unless you look them up in the main-menu manual; the ones that really matter, however, will probably become obvious during gameplay.  The procedurally generated level designs function well (except for the one time a mandatory enemy spawned inside of a wall, forcing me to exit my Survival run) but don't always have a lot of 'art' to them.  Graphically there's not as much style as something like Transistor or Mark of the Ninja, but the setting concept is thoughtful and interesting.  The soundtrack, which reminds me of a mix of Frozen Synapse and Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, is a lot better.  On smaller notes, some of the platform supports can be jumped through while others cannot (not sure why), and the ""Motes"" you gather sometimes look a bit too similar to the light fixtures.The single biggest reason to play the game, besides its defense mechanism, is its difficulty, numerically represented in a corner of your screen.  This adapts to your playing skill and singlehandedly keeps the game fun: the early levels might seem too easy while the game calibrates, but that won't last.  You can also choose starting difficulty from a few options.  The main story may only take about four hours, but the last boss fight was INSANE even compared to the rest of the game (14 Nov EDIT: This difficulty got nerfed shortly after the game's launch but is still formidable) and took me yet another four hours' worth of attempts, with the difficulty never decreasing all the while.  I'm not complaining--it was amusing and even somewhat welcome to see a game so utterly unapologetic about its challenge, and I most certainly never got bored.  However, (this will hopefully be fixed) that last fight could use better optimization, since the bullet spam repeatedly slowed down my framerate--devastating in a high-speed game like this--and caused one of my two crashes.  There's also a funny but minor glitch where Seraph's graphic got stuck in a prone position but otherwise played fine.  A controller is highly recommended, as the keyboard technically works but makes directional evades a bit of a pain.  Most actions can be rebound, except for pausing and (on a controller) movement and enemy focusing, though the left and right stick functions can be swapped.You also have daily and survival challenges you can do, complete with leaderboards, and some select rewards from these challenges carry over to the main game.  If you perform well (e.g., top 75%/50%/etc. of players), you can get extra items.Other than some issues with the art and the game's stability, I've been very happy with this little game that takes a simple concept and keeps it exciting.  Time to start New Game Plus! (Update: I don't even know how many playthroughs I've done now.)"
76561198045972148,Not Recommended,425670,25724706,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,"who, bastank","By and large one of the best running Unity action games I've played. Unfortunately a lack of interesting content and procedural variety, coupled with an MMO level of nearly imperceptible progression tied to a per centage chance enemy drop farming mechanic ultimately make the game a chore instead of an adrenalin rush. The painfully slow progression could've been overlooked entirely if the game were truly completely player skill based, but perplexingly Dreadbit chose to artificially limit the player's freedom to dodge with a two charge meter that has a cooldown period. The end result of this, in union with the built-in dynamic difficulty, is that when playing well you'll inevitably get to a point on the difficulty scale that you'll be getting hit with swarms of enemies that are simply impossible to avoid taking damage from with two dodges. This then enforces the grind, to survive *some* hits from 7.00+ difficulty enemies and to have enough DPS to avoid drawn out encounters, instead of making it a natural reward loop.After bringing this up on the forum, Dreadbit did respond to me (I will say, always, kudos to developers taking part in their distribution communities), and the game apparently did at one point give the player complete freedom of movement; the restriction on it was actually an addition! The sentiment was that you could essentially fly with unlimited dodges, which is both an empowering (read: fun) mechanical concept and fitting for an angel. Dark Souls, and the stamina meter therein, was used as a point of reference for the logic behind the dodge cooldown. The problem with that notion is From meticulously hand crafts games tailored to a steady and deliberate pace, each encounter is give and take. Seraph on the other hand is essentially a hot procedural mess once you hit that 7.00 and up difficulty mark, vomiting out rainbow colored packs of ""elites"" at you indefinitely, the majority of which just spam whatever special powers they spawned with. Ultimately, I simply can't abide by the decision to intentionally make a game less fun in the pursuit of emulating somebody else's mechanics, but I can't fault Dreadbit if that's the feel they're going for.As it is at the time of this review, what you see in the trailer is basically all you get. There's a couple different environment backgrounds, two objective types to clear each floor, a handful of enemies and enemy ability modifiers, a handful of consumable ammo gun types, a handful of cooldown-based powers, and a core dodging mechanic designed to shackle the player instead of free them; which is actually fitting for the plot. With all this in mind, if you really like the trailer then go for it; its far from the worst way you could spend $12.99."
,Recommended,425670,28092817,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,◆ ʟɪɢʜᴛ ◆,"Erueka! I've struck a goldmine.Man, oh man, this game is my love at first sight. Long hours were invested to look for that one perfect game on the last sales night and boy was it worth it or what when I came across this gem.This gem right here is a sidescrolling 2D acrobatic shooter aided by dynamic and fluid controls. There is no aim so all you do is press a button [RT on the Xbox One Controller] and the character will start shooting the enemies surrounding within her radius as you evade your enemies assault in a stylish fast paced manner and inflict damage.The game is one of its kind, where you play as an angel female protagonist fighting off demons, however this isn't like one of those cliche games where you'd expect to slash your way through with a sword but rather instead, she is eqipped with guns to execute her foes that manifiests her mastery in the art of 'Gun Fu'.With that said the game offers an interesting story plot, enjoyable gameplay mechanism with an exceptional level design and a fine soundtrack in the background to set the perfect atmosphere making it an overall enjoyable experience that would keep you hooked onto it.Final comments...Would definitely recommend it to anyone especially to those drawn towards fast paced side scrollers or twin stick shooters.~ Kudos to the developers for the flawless execution of the game coupled by superb innovation that is worthy of my gratitude.p.s The game is best played with a controller, however it is playable on the keyboard just fine."
76561197970358585,Recommended,425670,31797982,Posted: 16 May,all,driver,"Seraph is a rather fun platform shooter with a heavy focus on mobility and acrobatics. The game itself is simple enough:  Explore each level and either kill a boss or destroy a few demon portals, at which point the exit unlocks, rinse and repeat.Between all that is the combat. The shooting is all down to autoaim leaving the player to focus on avoiding enemies and their projectiles by using the Seraph's acrobatic manoeuvres which allow her to double-jump, cling to/bounce off walls and even teleport short distances. It's easy to learn but difficult to master (if you'll excuse the cliché) and with some practice you can be backflipping and cartwheeling between enemies, blasting away without taking a scratch. It's simple yet effective and highly satisfying. Firepower is provided by the default dual pistols which have unlimited ammo, but you can also carry a second more powerful weapon with limited ammo which can be replenished from ammo chests scattered around the levels or swapped out if you find a different one in a weapon locker.Added to that you can gather experience to level up, increasing your hit points and learning passive skills. You can also gather crafting materials to unlock and improve weapons, protective charms and Miracles, which are active skills that can deal huge damage above and beyond you weapons but are limited by cooldown timers. Finally there's crystal shards that you can gather which can be used to buff further passive skills such as bonus firearm damage, reduced incoming damage or Miracle buffs to name a few.Aside from a Story mode to finish, there's also daily and weekly challenges which reward the highest scores with bonus crystal shards and crafting materials, so there's plenty to do.My only complaints are relatively minor niggles. There's no automap which isn't a big hassle as the levels aren't that large, but it would be a handy feature. There's no way to tell what secondry weapon you're carrying or how much ammo you have for it without switching to it, which can be a costly error if you're in the middle of a big firefight and it turns out your SMG is empty. There's very little variety in the levels, aside from a texture change every 4-5 levels. For the most part you'll just be hunting down the boss or the demon portals, then moving onto the next, and you'll be doing this over and over. Finally the story, such that there is, is delivered though short text-based conversations at the beginning and end of each level. While the writing is good, it does break the flow of the game, grinding the action to an awkward halt while the Seraph chats with various NPCs via a radio or telepathically. I can't help but think it would have been better as a voice over, that way players could carry on blasting and backflipping. These sections can be skipped (along with the voice logs that can be located on each level) but it feels like a missed opportunity.Overall a rather addictive little platformer with engaging mechanics. Well worth a pop at £9.99 (or your region's equivalent) though the DLC seems a little pricey. £1.99 for an alternate costume for the Seraph is a little too much like Horse Armour to me, but it's purely asthetic and you don't have to buy it if you don't want to."
,Recommended,425670,33049511,Posted: 30 June,all,Movac,"I sat down here to give Seraph a glowing review, but the more I consider it the less I like it.Before I get into my complaints, let's hit on what Seraph does right: combat. Seraph's movement is fine-tuned, animation is fluid and snappy, your double-jump and dashes mesh with enemy attack timings to create a wonderful rhythm. Second-to-second combat in Seraph is a joy once it clicks. And since combat is the bulk of what you do, the game as a whole is fun. I had a great time for the length of a normal playthrough, which almost makes the flaws hurt more.Seraph randomly generates its levels, shuffling around chunks of hallway and big rooms with platforms. Level chunks are simple and sparse, foregrounding the combat. Which makes the decision to go with procedural generation baffling: the experience of playing through any given level feels roughly the same, you run from arena to arena shooting demons. When the only player-perceived difference from level to level is what demons spawn and how many, procedural generation is wasted. It would have been better with hand-crafted levels, allowing the developers to create more focused designs without as many odd dead ends, perhaps leaving the generator for the challenge mode. I assume level generation was intended to increase replay value.That's not the only poor decision made in service of replay. Seraph has an awkward, fiddly, grindy upgrade system. Level up, pick perks, drop shards into passive skills, grind components to upgrade weapons and active skills, all for the sake of small percentage buffs. I felt the need to engage with the upgrade system to keep pace with the increasing difficulty, but no upgrades felt impactful, and very little seemed to make new strategies available. The most substantial upgrades are those that unlock new active skills, but only two can be equipped at a time and at least in casual play the default pair seemed most useful. Experimenting with upgrading different weapons and active skills is extremely costly, so I stuck to what felt right early on. It's possible that the upgrade system becomes more interesting at a higher level of play, but in a casual first playthrough it was a chore that only served to restrict my options and waste my time. I'd have strongly preferred a simple automated level-up, if PC progression is even necessary for this style of game.With all that said, I still must give Seraph a thumbs up. The core of its design is unique & exciting, and I had a good time from start to finish. I really just wish everything around the combat was better."
,Recommended,425670,30363059,Posted: 6 March,all,SpaceCouncil,"For the sake of brevity..Genre tags:Action, Side-Scroller, Pseudo-Rogue Like, Procedurally generatedValue Proposition:Well worth the entry price. Can be grindy -- mileage will vary.BSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): Equal parts Transistor, 2D Devil May Cry, and Sine Mora (but just the Bullet Hell part)Concomitant Exposition and SummationSeraphis, for want of something more concise and descriptive, a 2D pseudo rogue like. The campaign itself is about 5ish hours long and sort of encourages re-starts. In fact it has a survival version of that campaign that has reward tiers and a leaderboard that refreshes weekly. In addition to a daily challenge.Removed from that is the game itself. Procedurally generated levels with a few objectives, generally kill the Lieutenant (or a sort of Elite enemy) or destroy some crystal structure that usually is well defended. There are some boss battles as well but they aren't the main show.This game is very similar to a onion. Lots of layers and under those even more. There are two campaigns but the story is mildly irrelevant and blasé. I'll attempt to surmise it quickly; Angels and Demons don't like each other. You as the player don't actually aim which may seem a bit silly on it's face but this game is kind of chaotic especially in later levels. It becomes much more closely related to a Bullet Hell game where you're sort of dispensing any damage you can whilst mostly dodging enemy attacks.There are Blessings – which are the most “roguish” of the mechanics. Gained on a level up, specific to each run of the campaign. You select one of four and then upgrade those throughout. Once selected they cannot be undone within that campaign. These effect things such as chilled bullets or holy damaged AoE effects on jumps among other things. They are randomly introduced so waiting for one you want may be a better option than using one of the slots for an ability you don't care for.The other leveling has more of a permanence. Oaths, Transmutations and Miracles. Once unlocked, they stay unlocked and remain consistent through each campaign. Transmutations being the second most roguish mechanic. While unlocking them is permanent they provide no permanent effect to the player, only those things unlocked become available randomly in lockers and chests found in the levels.Oaths require shards to be crafted and applied to different areas either offensively or defensively, these however behave similarly to the Blessings but are more permanent. Miracles are the active abilities, set on cooldowns they need to be crafted as well using components found mostly from enemy drops. There are a ton of components. Luckily you don't need to actually pay attention to which ones you need as they come fast and furious.There is also a mechanic called Rebirth. Which differ from what are called Resurrections; resurrections essentially equate to lives per level. Death incurring the penaltylike Dark Souls IIof lowered max health. Three deaths and it's game over. However this penalty is removed by completing the objective and moving on. There are also checkpoints which are usually behind a timed door section that behave very much in a similar fashion to Spleunky with it's cave shortcuts. Now, Rebirth on the other hand is for all intents and purposes a “Prestige” mode. Removing all other upgrades for some base character upgrades and the process is started over.I hesitate to call it a MetroidVania as those traditionally have item or ability gates that make you backtrack howeverSeraphbeing procedurally generated has none of these nor is anything blocked by a specific ability.THE GISTWhile the game is not mechanically unique it plays very well. Given definition by its easy to play, hard to master mentality. You may gas out on it in long stretches but it's easy to come back to because of the familiarity of the mechanics.Follow my curation page for more."
,Not Recommended,425670,25648105,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Phishfood,"This is a bit lengthy so I'll put my conclusion in first.In ConclusionThis game is just frustrating to play and it wasn't until I tried writing this review that I realised just how much is wrong with it. It's the procedural generation that fails this game the most, I could probably overlook every other flaw I listed if the devs just took the time to craft a compelling set of levels to play.13 Things I Don't Like About This GameAll the levels are procedurally generated, often badly. By this I mean more often than not the game will place a variety of enemies in an awkward space that makes it very difficult or impossible to evade their attacks. At the beginning of the game this isn't a problem because you can kill everything quick enough before things get awkward. The game doesn't really give you enough tools to help you avoid damage, just a dash with invincibility frames.Levels with large vertical sections you have to drop down. You take a leap of faith there aren't a bunch of enemies waiting for you when you land, there's no feature to see what's down there. Just another problem with procedural generation.Odd procedural generation that will place a background under/over a platform and make it look like a wall you can jump off.With the exception of the last 3 levels in the main game, the other 22 all look very much the same with the same greyish blue color pallette. The last 3 levels has a red color scheme. The screenshots on Steam are a good indicator of all the variety you'll ever see.Some platforms you can shoot through, some you can't. All platforms you can't jump/fall through. If you can shoot through it then surely you should be able to traverse through it? A confusing design choice.You stick to walls. The game has a wall jumping mechanic and when you hit a wall you'll briefly stick to it before very slowly sliding down. The problem? a badly generated level means you'll encounter enemies in spaces that are awkward to fight in, so you'll find yourself jumping to evade an attack but then stick to a wall and get hit.Offscreen attacks. Firstly all enemies will announce what attack they are going to use by showing you an icon relating to that attack somewhere around their body. Of course you can't see this if the enemy has made the attack offscreen. There is one particular enemy who can summon a pillar of flame under your feet, by the time you notice it's already too late. This could have been remedied with better sound design whereby enemies can make a particular noise before they attack or just not make any attacks offscreen.In total there are 7 enemies. They all look very similar to each other. Look at the screenshots, faceless, naked, pale grey pinkish skin. They all look like that, that is as interesting as the enemy design gets. There are elite enemies like in Diablo where there are modifiers that give them an extra attack and considerably more HP to give a little more variety.The game makes itself more difficult by increasing enemy HP, attack frequency and maybe decrease the warning time before an attack. Enemies don't get smarter, they just get more spongy. This is especially bad when you encounter an elite (lieutenant) enemy that can spawn in more enemies.This game increases the difficulty by measuring how many enemies you kill without getting hit*. Why is this a problem? Well you can breeze through a section of the game because the procedurally generated levels were in your favour, then when you get a more awkwardly generated level you'll to have a much harder time.*it's actually the amount of xp dropped from enemies that you collect without getting hit.When you die you don't go back to the start of the level you failed at. You are taken back to where you last collected the glowing green checkpoint item. Though not every level has a checkpoint item (procedural generation) so you may be sent back a few levels.Bad enemy AI. The Serf demon, at certain positions doesn't know how to traverse from a higher platform to a lower platform to attack you, it will just walk back and forth on the edge of the platform until you lead it off. Other flying type enemies sometimes get stuck on wall sections not knowing they need to fly down to get through a doorway. This is just bad AI and I am very surprised it wasn't picked up in testing because these things don't happen rarely.There's too much for your eyes to keep track of in combat, this isn't a problem until the higher difficulties when enemies become bullet sponges. The game relies too heavily on visual cues to tell you danger is coming. Example, you need to watch your character center screen to see if there are magic attacks that spawn in at your location (flame pillar, damaging teleport) you need to watch all around your character for enemies and keep a sharp eye out for the attack indicator (at higher difficulties this disappears very quickly). If you're using the alternate weapon you need to keep an on the bottom-right for ammo count. If you've used your magic then you need to check cetner-bottom for your cooldowns."
,Recommended,425670,25604571,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mccabertooth,"Shockingly fun, frantic, deep, and suprisingly tactical little scrolling shoooter. When you're on the prowl for those ""diamond in the rough"" indie games THIS right here is exactly what you're looking for. Really a ton of fun and incredibly high quality and high value."
76561198022776347,Recommended,425670,25675793,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Waggle,"Pro:- Movement and combat is responsive and fun- Auto aim isn't terrible- Rewarded for exploration- Very polished game- Straight into the action, skippable plot, no 10 minute cutscenesCon:- Attacks can happen off screen, causes blind jumps into enemy fire- Enemies tend to cluster together and levels are fairly confined for the size of enemy attacks- UI for upgrades feels clunky, unintuitive shard combining- Sticking to walls always when you don't want to- Very unforgiving, even early gameThis game is fantastic, but you'll need to master it before you really start having fun. It's not exactly a difficult game but rather it's completely unforgiving, especially early game when you have no healing or bonuses. All damage seems to take a huge chunk of your health. Your main attack quickly becomes a useless pea shooter and ammo for more powerful weapons is limited. This causes longer, more drawn out fighting with enemies. More focus on dodging and staying alive.This game seems to focus more on careful planning and execution than fast shoot em up platforming. I've found myself luring enemies, one by one, into more open areas to have a better arena for killing. It's not bad, but it's completely different from the advertised videos, until you master it."
,Recommended,425670,29885474,Posted: 12 February,all,Morantyx ॐ,"IntroductionSimply one of the best purchases I’ve ever made. This game truly is one of the rare gems out there and has captivated me from the start. You play as an angel who fights her way out of prison, destroying demons with firearms and angelic powers while jumping around at the speed of lightning. It honestly can’t get much better than that!GameplayEffective movement is key to become good at this game, and it’s your only true job! Since the game aims in your place the moment you get close enough to an enemy, all you have to do is finding that perfect angle and pulling the trigger. Dodge incoming projectiles and hungry demons by utilizing your environment to the maximum of your ability. It’s definitely challenging to bypass foes with slick and smooth moves, and it gets more and more difficult as you progress through the main story.GraphicsRapid combat requires high-quality graphics to create an excellent gaming experience, and the developers have managed that perfectly. Nothing too spectacular, but you won’t be staring at your surroundings or idling through cleared levels anyway.Game modesApart from the main story, you get two additional modes where you can compete against other players in an attempt to achieve the highest ranking. Every day starts with a new challenge that gives you the opportunity to test your skills, as there’s always a specific perfection multiplier that grants you extra points based on how well you performed. The other mode is based on survival, takes quite a bit longer to complete and its leaderboard refreshes every week.Character progressionPerformance is not the only thing that helps you grow in this game. As you clear the available levels of the main story and participate in the ranked modes, you collect shards and other essences that you can use to improve the power and efficiency of your angel. From crafting better weapons to upgrading your celestial abilities, you name it! There’s also the possibility to gain a permanent increase in strength through rebirth, which you can unlock five times in total. Do note that you lose any other progress you’ve made beforehand, so you’ll have to start over from scratch once you gain a permanent bonus.Overall verdictHonestly, it never gets boring. Once I committed myself to playing this game, I was hooked for hours of fun. If you enjoy swift combat with guns, I’d definitely recommend to try it out. You get quite a lot for a relatively low price and having wings never goes out of style!"
,Recommended,425670,29381343,Posted: 20 January,all,YellowLab,"Seraph is hard to class. The game has traits similar to shooter games, action RPGs, platformers, and roguelikes. But it isn’t any of those. At its core, the prime mechanic is the “progressive account” mechanic (my new term). What I mean by this is you play through the game, kill stuff, collect stuff, and improve stuff. Eventually, you beat the final boss or hit a wall, and you can’t continue. So, what is next? You start over. However, all the improvements remain on your account. Once you collect a set number of superior shards, you have the choice to be reborn. This rebirth will erase the progress on your account but bestows a permanent bonus. In Seraph, you can do this a maximum of five times.The game you play, outside this larger metagame, is more of an action RPG than a shooter. The setting is a prison where the Seraph was held as a prisoner. She is let free, but in the process of coming to earth, a gate to hell was also opened dragging hellspawn into the mortal realm. (Sidenote: Technically the Seraph is genderless. However, I will refer to the Seraph as “her” since on the mortal plane it has inhabited a female human named Talia. Just as I call my Amazon Echo she, it feels more natural to refer to the Seraph as female.) The Seraph’s weapon of choice: firearms. You can pick up a myriad of different types of firearms from pistols and revolvers (which she will dual wield) to assault rifles or a railgun. In addition to your original pistols, which have unlimited ammo, you can carry one other weapon that will have limited ammo.Since you are an angelic entity, you also have blessings at your disposal. You start the game with two: 1) Repel, which as the name suggests pushes back enemies who are near to you and 2) Orb, which is a boomerang type projectile that does damage as it goes out and double damage on the way back. These two miracles can be improved, new miracles discovered and swapped to create a build suited to your playstyle. You also have access to another miracle, Smite, which cannot be upgraded or changed. This miracle is essential in destroying elite demons as well as the mini-bosses. Finally, as you increase in level, you are granted a blessing. You get to select from a random set of blessings and can either pick a new one or upgrade one you already have. Choose wisely, as you can only be granted four unique blessings. You cannot respec these; however, when you start a new game you choose new blessings - these do not carry over when you start over.As mentioned, the game plays more like an action RPG. While your primary weapon is a firearm of some sort, you don’t have to aim. Just press the fire button. You will auto-aim at the nearest demon, or split your fire if two are coming from opposite directions. When you kill a demon, sparkly motes will float in the air where the vanquished demon was previously wreaking havoc. Get in there fast, because initially, they are greater motes worth three times more experience points. They quickly degrade creating an interesting dichotomy. Since you are using a ranged weapon, the game rewards you for getting in close.Since the game auto-aims for you, specifically aiming at monsters isn’t the primary objective. This game is a parkour game where you must move to stay alive. You can hang on ledges, double jump, climb walls. All of these skills are necessary to evade the onslaught of demons. The critical move in your arsenal is called a “blink.” With this maneuver, you can move a short distance in any direction you chose. While moving via blink, you are invulnerable. Thus, you can evade demons or their projectiles. (It also comes in handy navigating the levels.) You have two blink usages that are on a short cooldown negating the ability to spam them constantly. The other interesting thing about Seraph is the game dynamically changes difficulty with your skill. The faster you gain experience the higher the difficulty. Die in a level, and the difficulty will be adjusted down. However, the higher the difficulty, the greater the rewards.Levels are procedurally created. There are two main types of missions in each level: 1) destroy the mini-boss of the level designated as a Lieutenant or 2) destroy the fountains which are the gates from where the demons are spawning. The mini-bosses have a three stage life meter and must have their health knocked down and execute a smite on them three times before they die.  The fountains must be destroyed; however, when you start attacking them they send out a distress signal and new demons spawn in the vicinity.Some levels may have a high-security door blocking your way. Find control pad that will open the door to find a plethora of chests and lockers, a power-up (increased armor, increased damage, increased experience) that is active for a short period and a checkpoint which will allow you to continue if you die. If you die in a level, you will be resurrected at the start of the level docked a significant portion of your maximum health. If you die again, you will be docked another significant portion of your maximum health. If you die a third time, it is game over. You can continue the game in the level where the last checkpoint was or start a new game. The HUD will show you how many times you have been resurrected in the level in the upper right. If you complete the level, you get a clean slate.Occasionally, there will be an area that goes on lockdown. If this happens, the area you are in will be sealed off for one minute. Demons will continually spawn for that time. If you die, the lockdown will end, and you can travel through the area without an issue. If you survive, the last demon in the area is guaranteed to drop a shard.Shards are the ultimate prize in Seraph. Monsters will occasionally drop them, and when they do they are to be coveted. Shards can be invested in the skill tree to improve Seraph’s skills either offensive, defensive, or holy attributes. By investing shards into the various branches, you can open up higher level skills. Shards can also be improved. Three shards of one level can be combined to create one shard of the next highest level. Since you can only invest one shard in a skill, you will need to improve their quality to get higher level bonuses and unlock higher tiered skills. Don’t worry; shards can be removed and upgraded at any time. So, once you get them - use them.While I have been enjoying my time with the game, it isn’t perfect. First of all, the environs all look the same. You are in this part of the prison or that part of the prison. While every five levels or so, the colors change, it is still monotonous. Second, it can be difficult to tell where walls and solid floors are located. Sometimes it looks like you can’t pass through a “wall” only to find out it is an overlay decorative element. Floors are worse. Getting blasted from underneath when you think you are standing on an impervious floor is a low blow. The best way to think about it is any ""thin bridge"" connecting ""land masses"" is likely to be porous. Third, in some of the color schemes detecting the chests and then determining if you have already opened them can be difficult. Finally, there aren’t very many different monster types and their color palette blends into the rest of the game.In my mind, none of these issues are a deal breaker. The game contains much content and replayability. The controls are spot on. An opening screen shows a picture of a controller and states “Controller Recommended.” I can’t imagine playing this without one. The action is an intense blend of parkour, dodging, and shooting. Evade and move are important tactics in staying alive. The game isn't for everyone, but if you are into these types of games does have quick and addictive gameplay."
,Not Recommended,425670,25191849,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,superkatten,"Only buy if you arent aming at playing it on a high difficulty. I.E you arent good at 2d platformers.This game has so much going for it. Great movement, great combat, great progression, great music, great art. However i cannot give it a recommend.This is due to how many times the mechanics and design abandon everything that makes this game feel great.This is a game about skill. With the amount of dodgeable attacks from every monster in the game, there is little you cannot outplay. However as i climbed higher up the scaleable difficulty this all started to chenge. Less and less did i find that hard battles was lost due to a bad choise in movement. But simply things that are out of your control. For starters, every time you get near a wall your character sticks to it, Completely changing how the character moves, and destroying any flow you might have had. Meaning you are bound to get hit by any number of attacks from the enemy, and completely messing up the fight going forward.Attacks that are larger than they are shown. A lot of times ive been hit by attacks that i couldent see hit me.Enemies uses attacks while off screen. Since the view is very limited, you can often get hit by enemies that you cant see, and since enemies spawn in at certain points of the game, you might jump somewhere that should be safe only to land in 5 monsters already releasing attacks before you can se them.Confusing enemy abilites. Like in Diablo there are elite monsters with random abilities only shown as icons above their health. That are almost impossible to figure out while fighting the emeies. This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off mostly because one of these skills reflect your bulltes. So i just started taking random damage from the enemy and couldent for the life of my figure it out. Only once the enemy was off screen and i took dmg from nothing did i think i could be the one damaging myself. This was after 5 encounters with said ability. Even after figuring out the symbol for the skill dosent help too much, since its really small and most skills have the exact same colour making it almost impossible to play around.Now in most games these flaws wouldent bother me as much as here, however since this game keeps making enemies harder and harder to kill. These flaws are amplified and more or less always present in every fight, that isent just a 1 on 1. This makes the game worse and worse the higher you get in difficulty, completely ruining it."
,Recommended,425670,31692684,Posted: 11 May,all,Linkblade,"InfoMovement:run (left/right), double jump, double blink (invulnerable dash) in all directions, walljump, wallclimb (jump when on wall lets you push upwards), cliffhanger (lets you hang on a ledge of a platform).Combat:- automatic aim (you are not able to aim by yourself, though you can lock on and off an enemy),- basic pistols have infinite ammo, all other weapons to be found have finite ammo,- you can carry only two weapon types to switch between- you have two spells with specific abilities, you can unlock and change to other spells (recommended as the shove away blast does no damage. I recommend to go for ""Comet"", because it does a lot of damage, you are invulnerable during execution and it has the lowest spell cooldown),- You always have the smite ability. Champion enemies need to be finished with this ability in their close proximity, otherwise they resurrect at a portion of their initial health. Bosses even need to be struck several times with this ability to defeat them.Upgrades:you collect several ingredients found in the levels:- glowing ""Terminessence"", the essences of the ""Terminii"", the evil demons strolling about.- parts of the Terminii- and crystals/crystal shards dropped by strong enemiesWith these ingredients you can craft weapons to be randomly found in weapon lockers, spells, and rings buffing your stats.The crystals serve as ability points to be spent on abilities in three different ability branches (Attack/Ammo, Defense, Holy) unlocking further abilities. Three crystals of a kind can be crafted to a stronger crystal increasing the abilities' stats.You also gather XP and level up to increase health and choose from random extra passive abilities.Game:- no save slots, just one savefile to be played.- you can choose from three difficulties. (I recommend to go starting with normal, because starting with ""Hard"" will need a lot of enemy kiting and waiting time to get them down). Unaffected by this choice the difficulty is constantly adapted to your play skill displayed as a factor in the lower left corner.- you play level after level. While the levels are non-linear but metroidvania-like spreading in all directions the levels are too small to be a metroidvania- the game is set in an Alien(-the-movie)-like artstyle and music- there is a daily challenge new every day and a survival challenge new every week being open for a week to accomplish with global highscores. You can earn ingredients performing the challenges depending on your global rank. This significantly faster farming than the story mode.My OpinionAs you can see there is a lot to find, gather, level up, craft and such stuff. This means you will have to do a lot of grinding to proceed. The gameplay is fun, has solid controls and therefore makes up for this, but the grinding can be a - don't get me wrong - tiiiiiiny bitsy bit too much. The thing is, that when you have gathered much of this stuff and have proceeded in the story you are able to be ""Reborn"". This will reset ALL of that stuff, yes ALL, you collected...ALL of it. This will give you permanent stat buffs for damage, defense, item find or so. You can repeat this cycle 5 times to sink a good 100 hours into this game. This means, that if you are of the ""I play through the whole game 100% no matter the cost"" kind, you should take this info into consideration. On the other hand, hardcore fans of this game have plenty of fun here. You don't need to be ""Reborn"" to finish the game, but it's not really finished then and this can be unsatisfying.I have thought from the store page videos and would have liked the game to be a metroidvania, where you run through one big world being able to navigate between the areas rather than several levels to be completed one after another.When you look on the survival mode, the game could be called rogue-like. Weekly randomized map, permanent death (at third death within one level), several upgrades to achieve before going into the dungeon. I like it.ConclusionOverall Seraph is a solid shooting platformer with an adapting difficulty system from advanced to hardcore players. I definitely recommend this title, but want to mention that it might get old after some hours spent. So don't expect too much."
76561198067201426,Recommended,425670,23760350,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Summer Nights,I recently bough Seraph and never looked back. This is one of the hidden gems around on steam which has not got much attention but deserve it very much.Though the story/campaign mode is not really something to boast about but what makes this game special is its gameplay. Jump of a wall and dash into an enemy all the while guns blazing. This game has one of smoothest combat and movement. The use skills from gunplay to parkour are so synergized with each other that they dont feel like different elements but one.The survival mode has been one of the best experiences so far. With new levels after finishing one with higher difficulty enemies with new skills its a hard game to put down.
,Recommended,425670,25734643,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Devrailis,"TL;DR: If you enjoy 2D platformers, buy this game.Seraph is a fast paced platformer that frees the player from the need to aim. This may sound strange at first but spend a bit of time with this game and it becomes clear that the developer Dreadbit has taken full advantage of this conceit to open up a platformer with a strong focus on mobility, positioning and ability usage. Enemies here are faster and more agile than in your typical platformer, with unique attacks that will keep your on your toes and on the move. Few games can convey the sheer speed and nimbleness of their protagonist the way Seraph can.Graphics:This game looks good. From the lighting to the animations of the titular Seraph, the unique and colorful visuals help to highlight the speed and fluidity of movement on display by the protagonist and the demons seeking to destroy her. My one complaint however is that the vast majority of demonic enemies you will encounter share the same bland tan colour pallet, making certain demons hard to distinguish from one another.Soundtrack:While not an extensive soundtrack, what music is available during the course of regular gameplay is very well executed. The oftentimes foreboding industrial electronic vibe meshes very well with the mix of a high technology setting and a story about an angel fending off a demonic incursion.Story:The developers have been quite open about this game being ""gameplay first"". At first glance, they have been true to their word, with the dialogue occurring between levels being sparse and fairly predictable. Interestingly, there is a second layer to the story, discovered through logs that can be found across levels, a story which slowly unravels the setting and circumstances our protagonist finds herself in. Here is where the meat of the narrative lies, a surprisingly lengthy backstory that will require multiple playthroughs to fully uncover.While the main story can be forgiven for its brevity, the ending closes rather abruptly. I would have preferred adding an epilogue of sorts to bring some closure past the final boss fight (and the player's choices).Longevity:As an added bonus, the game has a surprising amount of longevity. A progression system that leads to persistent stat bonuses, upgrades for your skills and the various weapons you will find on your journey gives the player's achievements a sense of permanence. This is a game you can play in 5 minute spurts and yet walk away with something gained to aid you in your next session. A modular upgrade system allows your Seraph to choose, whether she wants to be the embodiment of Danger Close shotgun wrath, an agile gunslinger or perhaps an angel more in tune with her Holy side, enhancing her abilities more than her guns.Daily Challenges push your skills to the limit to outscore your rivals. Here, in these short, 2 to 3 minute objective based rounds, the game allows you to fully let loose, refining the perfect mix of aggression, speed and control to maximize your performance with rewards that contribute towards your Seraph's progression.The Weekly Survival mode forms the true endgame of Seraph's gameplay. While structured similarly to the main game, here, your performance is tracked with a point system, rewarding players who have mastered the controls and game mechanics with bonus multipliers to maximize their score as they attempt to progress as far as they can in a single life.There is plenty of additional depth to explore for the player looking to optimize their performance. That being said, the Daily Challenges seem to be subject to the whims of random chance for those looking to score in the highest tiers. I have occasionally had perfect runs score poorly due to the slow spawn rate of demons, while my best scores are sometimes earned after having made sloppy mistakes in the face of unrelenting and rapid demonic spawns, earning me an excellent time to completion bonus.Controls:Seraph was made to be played on a gamepad as its load screen helpfully reminds the player. Full disclaimer, I do not own a pad but found the keyboard more than adequate after spending some time to familiarize myself with the basic controls. Keyboard commands can be remapped which some players will welcome but I found the default control layout to be comfortable enough that I was consistently scoring in the top 10% to top 25% of my Daily Challenges.That being said, the default ability layout does not play well on all keyboards. I have noticed some 'stickiness' to certain key combinations preventing me to chaining abilities and attacks as quickly as I would have liked. Additionally, while for the most part very responsive, certain situations, such as landing against a wall, can result in the Seraph coming to a dead stop for very brief moments, something which this game can punish rather severely at inopportune times, ruining an otherwise flawless run.Summary:Though by no means a perfect game, this is a very solid effort by Dreadbit with a unique premise. The mix of surprisingly interesting narrative, constantly changing dailies and pure sense of speed will keep fans of the 2D platformer coming back for more."
,Recommended,425670,25769561,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,"I've written this review a few times, and I've found this game kind of hard to describe... but it’s been like two months since it came out, so I'll try one more time: This game is what would happen if you threw the Bible and DVDS of the Matrix into a blender, boiled the resulting slurry into a concentrate, then tricked John Woo into drinking the whole thing while dancing at a rave.An action packed, exciting platformer, Seraph delivers on its promise of fast paced shooting, potentially devastating powers, and most importantly - no aiming required. Your job is not to point the gun. Your job is to keep Seraph safe while SHE points the gun. Overall, Dreadbit keeps the pressure on while maintaining a great difficulty curve, which in a game like this is key to a good time.While you are jumping around, shooting demons with guns ranging from the classic dual pistols to futuristic rail guns, the difficulty of the game goes up and down depending on how well you are doing in the moment. If you are getting smashed, the enemies ease up on you. If you are slaughtering everything, leaving a bloody path in your wake, the game ups the ante. It’s a system that, upon reflection, I realized was there.So this is an important point - the game says that it has a variable difficulty system. It’s right on the steam page.... and I didn't really think about that until I started writing this review. All I knew was I didn't get bored. I have been playing this game for 27 hours now, and it still feels as fresh as it did when I had just been playing for 6 hours. This is pretty weird, and frankly I don't know what kind of dark arts they are casting at the Dredbit offices.There are multiple weapons, powers, and charms to season the game to taste, but the most important thing you'll think about is your Oaths... enhancements to your core abilities and stats. A role playing element is tucked away here, and trying to figure out where to put what bonuses scratches that strategic itch I might be getting.Of course nothing but heaven is perfect, so there are a few issues I found; one of which is the story... it is presented through short conversations at the beginning and end of each level and it really suffers from that. I felt like I was coming into the middle of a book... everyone referring to people, places, and concepts that I either missed or just weren't introduced in a way that I could absorb. The game levels are all procedurally generated, so there isn't really anything substantive connecting the environment to the storyline... which is you are an angel riding in a woman's body, and you are trapped in a prison with a bunch of demons that you have to shoot in the face. That’s really all I got out of it... which is too bad because there is a lot of information there. It seems to suffer from ""Wouldn't it be cool if...?"" Syndrome.There are daily and weekly challenges, which also keep the game fresh hours after you get to the final boss, but in some ways those just highlight that same issue - the storyline doesn't actually need to be there for the game to be as fun as it is. It’s almost a distraction... an unwanted break in the flow of the action.The reason I'm harping on that so much is because other than that, the game is fun as all hell, so the flaw really shows, which is unfortunate.That said, seriously, if you want to shoot a bunch of demons and use awesome powers, if you like beautifully created games, if you like techno music... go get this game.Rating: Stayed up 1 out 5 hours past bed time."
,Recommended,425670,30751663,Posted: 26 March,all,Seraph,"Seraph is a very enjoyable 2D action platformer if you like fast-paced skill-based action, procedural generation of levels and enemies, account-wide upgrades through crafting with materials gotten from drops and daily/weekly leaderboards for daily challenges and weekly survival runs.The plot features strong Heaven and Hell themes, but not tied to a specific religion as Heaven is referred to as Origin and Hell as Terminus. Seraph is stuck in a human vessel in Reality, which is just the earthly realm, after having been imprisoned there for three decades. All of a sudden its prison opens, only to see the facility it was imprisoned in to be overrun with Daemons from the Terminus. Seraph must now slay hordes of Daemons which all have a little bit of its essence in them, to regain its power and be able to return to Origin. Some type of dark magic has Seraph trapped in its human vessel, and if it dies, Seraph dies too.I like the plot and how you slowly uncover the truth and come across some twists as you progress through it. It was all fine except for the end, which offers a choice and no follow-up on that choice or any clear ending at all. I'm fine with open endings, but this one didn't lead up to any outcome at all so it's just too open. A few lines of dialogue after the choice at the end could have gone a long way in this.I get that story was never this game's main focus, but the gameplay was. And luckily it's good enough to carry the lacklustre ending, as it's easy to enjoy the game a lot without even paying any mind to the plot. The combat is fast-paced and aims to deliver a challenge customized to every player's skill level with its difficulty scaling. Essentially, it will keep increasing, but more so if you don't get hit a lot and are having an easy time overall, as it will try to compensate for that by increasing enemy health and damage as well as adding more elite forms with different attacks and more aggressive enemy behaviour. This system isn't perfect, however, because despite it increasing if you're doing well or have good gear, it will not lower once you eventually hit a wall where it's too hard and you would have to restart. Higher difficulties give better drops, so it's still good to push as high as possible. Your main means of defeating Daemons are your dual pistols which have endless ammunition, but you can find secondary weapons such as a shotgun, an assault rifle or dual SMGs which generally perform better but will run out of ammo. You don't actually have to aim your weapons, as the game auto-aims to your nearest target, which I'm glad about because the gameplay is already hectic enough with all the attacks you have to avoid. Besides guns Seraph also has access to its Miracles, which are activated abilities on a cooldown timer. These you do have to aim manually.The fast-paced and fun nature of the combat is greatly amplified by the game's movement system. Not only can you double jump, you also get two charges of a dash which recharge quickly. So you can jump at least four times before hitting the ground, and also stick to walls for a bit before starting to slide down. Dashing and jumping around and through enemies and off of walls while casting Miracles and unloading guns is just so much fun. Seraph is also animated acrobatically, for example doing an airborne cartwheel while shooting at an enemy below it.During the levels, you will either have to kill a Lieutenant or destroy several Fountains of Terminus to unlock the door and progress to the next one. You can choose to rush through and go for the objective, as it is always highlighted, but you can also explore thoroughly and increase you amount of drops and experience you get. Each level also has a locked area you can unlock, which will have some containers and a buff to either increase your toughness, damage or experience gain and could make the objective easier.As for character progression, there are lots of account-wide upgrades through slotting shards of various rarities into Oaths for a bunch of stat bonuses and a transmutation system where you can craft new or improved versions of guns, Miracles and Wards with all sorts of materials dropped by enemies. There is also a levelling up system which is tied to the specific run and is lost when you end a story playthrough, start a new one or die in Survival mode. If you really want to push it, you can even Rebirth up to five times, which requires a set amount of the highest quality of shard and resets all of your progress for a slight base increase in some stats. I feel like the stat increases should be a little higher because now it hardly feels worth how long it takes to get to a Rebirth and then get back up to the point you were at to even notice the barely increased stats.I'm also a fan of the way the game looks. The flashy combat, the Miracles' nice visual effects and every tile set looking great all make for a very visually pleasing game.If you're into end-game and grinding, you can keep coming back every day for the daily challenges and get rewards depending on the tier you ended up in, and do high-level runs to farm up a lot of shard fragments and crafting materials. Unfortunately someone with way higher stats and many more upgrades than a new player will have a big advantage over them aside from skill, so it's not entirely fair.All in all, I've really enjoyed the game so far and I still want to play a lot more to get better and gear my character out to make getting leaderboard positions easier. However if I didn't want to do any of the end-game and competitive aspect of it but only cared for doing a single playthrough, it would have only lasted me three or four hours, which is still worth it for the price but a sale discount would make it much more so."
,Recommended,425670,32822341,Posted: 26 June,all,FlyMeToTheMoon,"Love it. The animations are good, you feel in total control, the game gives you enough power in every aspect and I haven't encountered any bugs so that if you get rekt it will be entirely your fault for playing bad.Need more achievements, feels like it won't take much time to get to 100% but I have only 2hours in it so..will see when I play more.Edit: After difficulty 5.50 you will get rekt without controller. I dislike the fact that it lowers the difficulty after dying.Edit: The Guide boss just proved to me what I kept noticing throughout the game. The seraph's hitbox is not the same as the body visually. Projectiles can hit you even if it looks like they don't touch her body visually. Keep that in mind and try to keep as much distance as you can from projectiles or they might still hit you even if they visually hit the ground/wall or look as if they will miss you. Seriously flawed game design considering you have to dodge so many projectiles at higher difficulty."
76561197964273919,Recommended,425670,25703456,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,King Crow,"A++Tight ControlsFun CombatGrinding, Crafting, and LevelingRandom Level layoutNo Graphical/Performance Issues"
,Recommended,425670,25719979,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,OperatorWay,"Here are some of my first impressions after my initial few hours playing Seraph (purchased Sep. 23, 2016 directly through Steam & played using a wired/USB Xbox 360 controller/gamepad)...• Things I like:+ relatively simple to pick-up-&-play+ solid visuals, audio, controls, action, story, & functional quality/stability for the price+ I like the built-in auto-aim & the fact that it also gives you some optional aim control+ defensive dodge/blink ability can get you out of some dicey situations+ ability & item upgrades provide some progression & customization+ replayability looks like a key design component baked-in+ default weapon has infinite ammo, so you're never unarmed+ daily & weekly challenges with in-game rewards+ well-designed user-interface (menus, prompts, subtle quality-of-life features, etc.)• Things I do not like:- taking damage from unseen off-screen threats- taking damage from threats that are obscured/hidden by visual effects- cheap tactics by some enemies (like instantly spawning or teleporting on you)- movement/survival can feel trapped in some confined/cramped environments- reduced max health when respawning despite being difficult already at full health- health & ammo refills/pick-ups are limited & don't refill much- some pick-ups/bonus-items seem to visually blend into the background/environment & can be easy to miss- many upgrades look like a very long grind, with incremental steps so tiny that it makes me wonder ""do I really want to keep playing to collect so many pick-ups just for a 2% upgrade on a single stat?""• My wish list for improvements(in addition to addressing things listed above that I do not like)^ mini-map visible or accessible during game-play^ built-in support for borderless full-screen window option^ built-in configurable frame-rate cap option^ longer ""magnetic"" radius/distance to pull in motes/pick-ups^ ability to carry multiple secondary/back-up weapons^ ability to view & change all game options & upgrades from pause menu during game-play^ a log of loading screen hints to browse (sometimes levels load too fast to finish reading the entire hint displayed on the loading screen)• SummarySo far, Seraph has been fun enough to make me want to keep playing. I think it's a good value for its price. It delivers on its claims, and it works without crashing/freezing or suffering from major game-breaking defects (for me, so far). The things I wish were different about the game are not enough to ruin all the fun in it for me (yet?), but it's always such a nagging feeling when games repeatedly make me think ""this game could be almost perfectIFonly _____"" (fill in the blank).• Quick beginner's tipFrom what I can tell so far (just a few hours in), it seems you do not take damage from touching enemies - enemies only damage you with their attacks - so you can get right up in their face & walk through enemies for close-quarters combat without taking damage, as long as you avoid their attacks... and enemies display a preemptive icon right before they attack."
,Recommended,425670,29022941,Posted: 4 January,all,underthumb,"Seraph is a fantastic action-platformer with a distinctive sense of style. It values your time and rewards your investment.What Makes Seraph GrandSeraph's protagonist is responsive and acrobatic, with tight controls and predictable movement. It's easy to acclimate to the angel's movement set while still allowing for a high skill ceiling.Seraph smartly incorporates rogue-lite elements such as randomized level layouts and progression across runs, turning what might have been a linear, one-shot game into one you can easily return to. It also has daily and weekly challenges. I now own the game on PC and PS4, and find myself coming back to it as a palate cleanser between other games.Seraph has a cohesive and internally consistent art style that manages to be mildly meditative over long game sessions. This is helpful for a game that is best played in a ""flow"" state.What Could Be ImprovedIn the main game, there are only three types of levels: hunt down a mini boss, destroy enemy spawn points, or fight an actual boss. While these are sufficient, they could be expanded. I would love to see levels that are more focused around explicitly challenging the progtagonist's parkour abilities.I love the default character design, but her colors are so muted that she can get a little lost in the scenery. In practice, this is an asthetic problem rather than a gameplay problem: Seraph is moving and shooting in such obvious ways that it's not hard to track her. But in quieter moments, she tends to blend in a bit too much. As a side note, thanks for not giving her the typical fan-service outfit.Seraph has an intriguing premise and cast of characters, but the dialog feels a bit stilted and unnatural. It could use some fresh eyes and editing passes."
,Recommended,425670,25627923,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,zuppaclub,"one of FEW side scrolling fast pace shooter that I really enjoy to play (shadow complex is another one)cheap price but high quality of content, it's imposible to give thumb downamazing O_opew pew pew pew pew peeeeeeeeeew!!!!!"
,Recommended,425670,25692445,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mr Pickles,"Very awesome game!  So much replayability and content, I would have paid 3x the price for this game.  10 hours in and I'm still wanting to dive in more.I think the highlight of the gameplay is that you don't have to aim.  This allows you to focus more on the fast pace movement which is what this game does extremely well.Controls are pretty tight even for keyboard.  Though i think good controller would serve better.I think the longevity of this game will rely on the Daily and Weekly Survival Competitive levels.  This is where gameplay becomes more dynamic.  So far its been a blast."
,Recommended,425670,30355422,Posted: 6 March,all,Whitetailfox,"To put it simply you basically get what the trailer shows and it's very well done.Game is basically a 2D sidescrolling action rpg with the emphasis more on the action part. That means player skill at dodging and anticipating enemy attacks while returning fire is pretty much key to survival here. Game is thus very skill-based with the RPG aspect being in collecting items that help you upgrade your gear, progressing in levels and swapping out abilities.The basic game is really simple: you're dropped into a level with the goal of either defeating a boss enemy or a bunch of stationary enemy spawners. After that is done you reach the exist, collect your xp, level and upgrade and move on to the next level. While this seems like it would get repetitive fast, Seraph does a huge ammount with this simple concept.Then there's dynamic difficulty system. If you're collecting disproportionately more xp to the ammount of times you're supposed to be hit, the game starts gradually upping its difficulty, with the rate of difficulty climb increasing as your xp gains go even higher. Difficulty in this case means enemies getting faster, with higher damage, faster attacks with decreased window to dodge, enemies now having whole new attacks and new types of enemies appearing entirely. It also increases the rate of appearance of elite enemies and the special abilities those are spawned with. In practice this means that even with good gear and breezing through a bunch of levels easily, you will be encountering enemies that will challenge you again.Here also lies one of the most frustrating parts, while the difficulty of enemies rises in accordance to your performance in dealing wit them, the levels and their architecture is randomly put together, as are the boss enemies which are extremely buffed normal types with some powerful extra abilities tacked on. It is thus through this random generation process possible to encounter a boss encounter or a group of elites you just won't have much a chance to realistically dodge or deal with. Whereas other times the architecture can allow you to cheese an enemy who would normally be a huge pain to deal with in open areas. Basically its possible to spawn at a level and immediately be met with several elites and very little room to retreat to although its also not something that happens a lot either, its not something that ruins the game, just frustrates and slows progress.It also stands to point out you can newgame+ if you get stuck or go into challenge mode to earn upgrades and thus make the base game easier as they carry over in between modes. Challenge mode particularly allows you to earn rare crafting materials, although nothing is exclusive to it and surprisingly no micro transactions or anything of the sort, beyond a few cosmetics.To sum it up, great game that seems simple but has depth and keeps itself challenging. Game is ironically the most boring at the starting few levels before the difficulty picks up, after that I was too busy fighting gradually more difficult and creative enemies to notice that every level has the same objective.Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,425670,25718172,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,☿,"I just picked this up out of Early Access after having been on my radar for a while, and I must say I'm not disappointed.Combat is quite unforgiving, and might seem rough at first, but the controls are really tight and once you start to get the hang of it, you really see where the skill-based element lies: movement.It's fluid, responsive, and you will need to pull off some sweet acrobatics in order to progress.All levels being procedurally generated definitely gives this game a MetroidVania vibe, adding the risk/reward factor of exploration versus ascension.With the addition of the dynamic difficulty scaling on top, this game feels like the lovechild of Equilibrium and Risk of Rain.Except instead of Christian Bale you're a badass gun-wielding angel killing demons in a cyberpunk-tinged futuristic setting.Speaking of which, I also found the soundtrack to be quite enjoyable. (Hint-Hint)Bonus Points:- Fully Rebindable Keyboard- Fully Rebindable Gamepad"
76561197970547407,Recommended,425670,25829309,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,foo,Polished.  High production value.
76561198002917497,Recommended,425670,28220430,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,kknd,"So what is this game?It's a 2d action game ala Elevator Action, with a bit of Metroidvania, some light RPG elements and one intresting design decision.You don't aim. Your charicter aims autonomusly. You can lock on if you really feel like it but I rarely felt the need to do so.That changes the focus to movement and defense over offense. Combined with procedurally generated levels and a progression system centered on always getting something from a level, this makes an intresting game.Said progression system has three layers to it:For a giant pile of resources (and resetting your other progress) you can 'Rebirth' and get spiffy perminant buffs to your offensive, defensive and resourcing ability. Said progress is never wiped away. It's not an overwhelming amount of power, but the shard (primary resource) drop rate increase is substantial.Below that you have your Oaths and Transmutations. These are persistant upgrades based on resources (dropped by enemies periodically) and Shards (again, dropped by enemies) Transmutations get you new or upgraded abilities, stronger weapons and better defensive pickups. Oaths are passive abilities that greatly expand your capabilities, scaled to the quality of Shard slotted into them. You can always trade in lower teir shards to form higher teir ones (3-1 ratio) which avoids a potential 'can't do super hard level to get the stuff to do said level' problems. The higher the diffaculty, the more/better quality of shards that drop (encouraging/rewarding skilled play, see below)Finally, you have Blessings. Blessings are passive as well and dictated by two things, your level (which resets on game over/continue, wiping away said progress) and some degree of chance. When you level up you can either increase the rank (up to 5) of one you have, or fill one of your slots with one of the randomly showing up ones offered. There are at least 10 that I know of and you have 5 slots, if you don't like the ones on offer this level, you can always upgrade one you have instead. Effects like life recovery on finishing move use, time recovered defensive shielding and a damage over time on enemies you hit are quite nice to have. The losing them on game over also adds some variance to your abilities on each run. (And the game tracks that seperately for Survival and normal games, see below)Diffaculty is dynamic but built on a formula simple enough to remember: The further you go, the higher the base diffaculty (which isn't a purely 'bigger numbers' change either, enemies get new attack strings and abilities as it rises.) but within a level it rises as you suceed and drops when you take damage. Because only taking damage lowers it, dodging is again the majority of your job. There are no benefits for rushing here.One intresting wrinkle to the game that helps with the advancement 'grind' is Daily challanges and Survival challanges. Daily challanges are universal (the layout is identical for all players) special missions to test a players skill, typically something along the lines of 'Diffaculty continually increases and doesn't decrease' or 'Eliminate X enemies as fast as possible' centered around getting the highest score possible. There are public leaderboards and higher preformance gets ritcher rewards. Because you bring everything except blessings this does somewhat favor a person who's built things up. However, just doing the daily and/or Survival at all gets you a pretty nice reward over all. (Especially early on. getting in the top 75% of the first weekly survival challange gave me 8 shards of a quality beyond what I had accquired until that point!) As placement rewards are all % based, no matter how many or how few participate, you will get a fair shot at good loot. (well, relatively fair, someone with maxed rebirths and lots of progression holds an edge on you, its true.)Intrestingly you are allowed as may 'do overs' as you like for challanges and always keep the best you've done so far at it, meaning if you feel like you got unlucky you don't have to risk your previous results to try again.A full playthrough might only take you 2-4 hours start of run to beating the final boss, but there is definitly a feeling of accomplishment to both mastering the controls and really pushing the passive abilities to max.So is it worth it? Yes.There is DLC coming out, but it's cosmetic and as I see it, welcome from a small developer who put on a AAA showing with this game."
,Recommended,425670,24080719,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ok,"I've added a lot of bad early access titles to my library, but Seraph sets a high precedent for what other developers should strive for. A fluid and functional game combining frenetic gameplay and flashy visuals, with the promise of further development. This packages a lot of replayability you can get into straight away, whereas you would wait several years for some semblance of a complete game from other Early Access on Steam.This is definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,425670,22652691,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,homeruz,"Seraph is a shooter where you don't need to aim.  What this means is that the game is much more focused on movement and dodging enemy attacks and getting into a good position to kill the enemies.  The game has an interesting difficulty mechanic where the longer the game goes on for, and the better you do at it, the harder the game gets.  Not only do the enemies have more health and do more damage but they unlock new abilites, more types of enemies get unlocked etc.So far it seems the thing that needs to be added is general content, eg abilities, upgrades and etc but the game is already extremely fun and satisfying to play and the daily challenge runs are very fun to do and offer a much faster paced alternative to the story mode."
76561197998891378,Recommended,425670,25647347,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Cheshire,"A young woman wakes up in empty strange place with human corpses. Turns out place is not really empty, it is crowded by bloodthirsty demons. The woman (Seraph) takes two pistols and... carnage begins.The game is full of dense action with shooting, jumps and spells. Heroine is some kind of disgraced angel, so she has some tricks for surviving. Seraph is not very healthy, but she is very mobile. She can do some high jumps and dashes that help her to evade attacks or to reach some high places... or even hang on walls. Also she is a skilled sharpshooter and fluently deals with any type of guns - from dual pistols to railgun. Seraph knows some fancy magic that helps to slaughter demons in more efficient way.The game looks like Devil May Cry with pistols only with lots of acrobatics in Castlevania-style levels.Big, randomly generated maze maps are perfect playgrounds for fast and acrobatic gameplay. Big amounts of demons are pretty aggressive and can chase heroine through the whole level. They have different skills and attack types, and game clearly combines them for making gameplay more agile and difficult for staying alive.Story is told by short chats between Seraph and demons or survived persons. Usually they happen at the beginning and ending of levels, and they are surprisingly good. Dialogs don't seem to be hackneyed cliches, they are well written and show some depth of characters - as much as it is possible in a game about non-stop shooting. Soundtrack reminds British electronic from 90's, skillfully mixed with modern styles. Visuals are nice, neat and elegant.I recommend everyone to play this game. It's fun, challenging fast shooting arcade with pleasant music and good story."
76561198088938245,Recommended,425670,30778819,Posted: 27 March,all,Validus,"Taking on the role of an angel possessing a human body, you and your host have just escaped from prison and are trying to make sense of your surroundings as you leave the facility. The angel is not the only unearthly entity to have come to Earth however, and this is where the action and the story begins.This is a fluid side-scrolling 2D platform shooting game, with the emphasis on acrobatic movement and dodging. Using your angelic powers, called miracles or blessings, it is possible to do double jumps, mini-teleports, force away projectiles/ foes and a number of other divine actions to smite your demonic enemies. This is combined with earthly forms of combat, using a range of firearms, to create a combat system that has a fair level of flexibility and options, but is not overly complicated. When combined with the platform aspect of the game, you can pull off some amazing stunts and gravity defying acrobatics. As movement and dodging is the primary concern, aiming is automatic and needs very little input, often needing none at all.The objective after arriving on the level is to either destroy multiple static objects or the 'Lieutenant' demon before making your way to the exit. This is repeated throughout the enitre length of the game, so you need to be comfortable with this very basic premise. The exceptions are the 2 boss levels which are just an outright shoot/dodge session.The difficulty of the foes you face is scaled with how well you are playing. The less damage you take, the more difficult it becomes. I think this works really well, keeping you challenged but never really facing an impossible enemy. Bosses are still bosses though! To counter the difficulty, character progression is through the acquisition of divine shards that can be used to enhance an aspect of the character, such as speed, or give a minor advantage, such as increased ammo drops. In addition to this is the transmutation ability where you improve the equipment you are using. All of these improvements are done at an account level, so even if you are having trouble, you can restart, keeping your character progression, and you will eventually overpower it.Positive:The developers are very active on the forums and interact with their customers better than any others I have encountered. On the strength of this I bought one of their other games to support them!Very, very smooth and responsive gameplay.Well designed character progression, allowing you to play the game the way you like.Daily and Weekly competitive challenge events.Conceptually very basic but brilliantly executed and enjoyable.Achievements are balanced and reward progression through the game, until a tough few at the end that require a grind and practiceNegative:Combat can sometimes occur off-screen, and it is possible to drop into a group of enemies who will strike you before you spot them, let alone dodge. Given the pace and scale of the game, this is expected but frustrating.Could do with a little more variety on level objectives. Only having 2 is not really enough.Has plenty of lore in the logs, but the story is lacking. The story comes second to the action, but then,  nobody ever said otherwise.Conclusion:Smooth, slick and stylish. Well balanced from beginning to end, the game rewards skill and the ability to learn from your mistakes. It also offers enough variety (just) to make it replayable. As there is a lot of repeating aspects to this game, this was necessary, but could put off some people who want more depth from a game.Take it as you see it. Basic, but done very well. A well crafted piece of action gunplay with divine aspects thrown in to mix it up and give it flavour.Notes:It is plastered everywhere, but needs to be stated again as it really is a must.Use a controller.The game is many times more enjoyable with one and vastly frustrating without."
,Recommended,425670,26127686,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Joe ♥,"Honestly, I think this game is absolutely fantastic.Especially for the price, it's going to keep you entertained for many hours - the movement and fighting feels so fluid, it's an absolute joy to play. It's one of the few games that I can sit down, concentrate real hard and grind for a top score in a daily challenge or chuck on some chill music and zone out on survival or the story mode.When I first got it, I was expecting the gem system to feel a bit cheap but it's there to keep you playing and it's not like it's unfair - at the end of the day, if you're not good at the game then all the gems in the world won't help you.Also, I tweeted at the devs with some improvements that could be made to the daily challenge - not only did they tweet back but they're actually working on implementing the idea in the next patch. That's always fantastic to see in a company, being able to take and use constructive feedback.As for the negatives, it could probably do with more varience in level objectives but there's only so much you can do when it's generated content - and pretty much all the fun comes from fighting the enemies of which there are a multitude of not only forms but enhancements that they can each have.The soundtrack for the game itself is not exactly inspiring but it's also very fitting of the theme and well made to boot.I've already posted top times for the Daily Challenges and hope to do so many more times in the future - awesome little gameWell done, Dreadbit!"
,Recommended,425670,25712921,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,dezorn,"Frantic actionTight controlsSmooth GraphicsAgile CombatLeveling and CraftingA real gem, pick it up now."
,Recommended,425670,25804364,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tou,Really fun gameplay with smooth play style. Not really hard play but really hard master.Also hard to fully upgrade stuff but daily and weekly challenges helps you a lot and gives you reason to play again.8/10
76561197983833091,Recommended,425670,25823824,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ozzydto,"If you like fast-reaction gameplay and competing on leaderboards, then this is a game for you. Not quite my cup of tea, but I did like the way the difficulty dynamically adjusts as you gain xp / die. The upgrade system seems like a very slow grind to me, probably cos I was crap and didnt log on to do the daily challenges.Anyway in short, I liked the gameplay whilst it was new a different, but got bored when I hit the 2nd boss."
,Recommended,425670,34059181,Posted: 6 August,all,Liderian,"Dreadbit's second game,Seraph, is a combat-focused action platformer without aiming. You're stepping into the combat boots of the titular Seraph, an angel that just escaped from her imprisonment in a city-sized futuristic vessel. WhileIroncast, Dreadbit's first game, offered a relaxed turn-based experience, this one is action packed and frantic, yet excels in similar ways.Ironcastput a spin on match-3 games by combining the genre with RPG-like mech combat and a very stylish asthetic, andSeraphalso takes a well-established genre and twists it into something refreshingly different.Not having to aim in a game like this feels weird at first, but once you become more familiar with the games various means of avoiding damage (likeblinking out of the way, using corners for cover, or just killing whoever is attacking you, thus destroying their projectiles), maneuvering around the levels feels just so rewarding.Your movement inSeraphis swift, responsive,  and well-animated, although sometimes you might get stuck to a ledge that you didn't mean to hiold on to. The combat rewards taking risks, since enemies drop ""motes"" on death, that decay swiftly – so blinking into a dying enemy is the most risky, but also the most rewarding strategy. You dispatch your foes with a arsenal of different weapons that favor different play styles (my favorites have to be the autopistols). These weapons can be upgraded in-between levels. These upgrades are part of a global progression system, similar to a rogue-lite (although the game usually does not have permadeaths), in which you upgrade your weapons, skills and protective wards across runs.This meta-progression is one of the core elements ofSeraph, after a few runs you'll notice how much easier the earlier levels will become. But don't worry, the difficulty will become quite punishing later. Difficulty also scales dynamically: you're doing well and are dodging all attacks? Well, your enemies just got a lot tougher way more quickly.This dynamic difficulty is one of the foundations of the daily challenge, and especially the weekly survival mode, in which you start a new character (but keep all your meta progress), and try to score the most points before losing the last of both your respawn tokens. For me, this mode became the most enjoyable part ofSeraph, with enticing rewards for whoever reaches the top-tiers of the leaderboards.The game offers a new game mechanic, in which you swap your progress for permanent stat improvements. While grindy, the core game mechanics just feel so good to me that I haven't gotten tired of starting a new run yet. Once again, Dreadbit has nailed it for me, and I can't wait to see what this studio comes up with next."
,Recommended,425670,22689793,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Matty Boy,Seraph is a really enjoyable game and by having 100% auto aim feature it really focuses on the platforming skills of the player along special abilites. It has a similar feel to a twin stick shooter but with dual weilding platforming its like you're Christian Bale in Equilibrium.With the difficulty being scalable against the player's ability there is also a challenge to be had. Definitely worth the purchase !!!!
,Recommended,425670,29524850,Posted: 27 January,all,Joliet Jake,"This is one of my favorite games ever.  Here's why:GameplayThe gameplay here very unique, well done and keeps me coming back. By not having to aim, the game puts more focus on mobility and threat management.  It allows for players to perform some pretty complex and sweet looking maneuvers while not requiring the dexterity and micro-management of an MLG pro player.  Very tight and responsive controls feels great on a controller, but some of the top players use a KB&M too. It offers a variety of ""miracles"" or moves to dispatch enemies as well as various weapons to keep combat interesting. Enemies also range from easy to annoying to cruel. Over all difficulty of each playthrough increases as you do better which creates the right amount challenge and a well adjusted difficulty curve. Also each level is different thanks to the implementation of a procedural level generator.ProgressionThe game is designed to progress over several playthroughs. Each run challenging the player to push to higher and higher difficulties. Your character, ""Seraph"", slowly grows from a confused and lowly cherub to a terrifying Angel of Death as various components are upgraded.  From items to moves to passive buffs, almost all aspects of Seraph can be increased.  Upgrades come from a healthy amount of grinding and is rewarded more favorably at higher difficulties. Upgrades are big enough that the differences are felt, but never OP.  In addition to this, there is a ""prestige"" system that allows you to build up seraph several times over while granting a universal buff each time. This provides a realistic and satisfying long term goal to keep players striving.  Only after 70 hours am I approaching my maximum angelic potential.CompetitionThis game has become a daily ritual for me not only because I enjoy the gameplay and progression, but also features leaderboards.  Daily and weekly challenges entice players to try for better and better scores to gain some nice rewards. Very fun to try and beat your buddy's score, but if competition is not your thing, the game plays just fine without partaking.StoryStory is not why you play this game.  It provides enough of a background to be interesting and peeks at an interesting world of various being and realms, but don't expect a Pulitzer.AVVisually, the game looks good with parallaxing backgrounds and some pretty nasty looking baddies. Level ""tile sets"" change often enough to keep it interesting and remind you of where you are in the playthrough. Soundtrack is pretty killer. It not only had me rocking my head the first time I played though, but also has not gotten annoying in over 70 hours of gameplay. Can't ask for much more than that.ConclusionApproachable dynamic gameplay, progressive goals, regular challenges, well-done artwork, and a pretty nice soundtrack all combine to make Seraph one of my favorite games.  I'll definitely be on the lookout for DLC/sequel or more titles from Dreadbit."
,Recommended,425670,25865124,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Formedras,"This is one of the best games I've played this year. That includes not only 2015/2016-new games like Overwatch and Shadow Complex Remastered, but also older classics stretching all the way back to the NES (like Super Dodge Ball).If you haven't gotten it yet, why the buck not? Go, go buy it!Tight controls and combat, interesting and varied enemies (though still hopefully the quantity will increase via updates/DLC), and a story that you don't have to bother with but won't regret paying attention to.Twitch Mode: Your Twitch chat can choose to help you out or screw you over! If you've got tons of viewers, you'll never know before the stage begins. (Warning: Game does not do the streaming itself. You must have your own streaming solution.)Dynamic Difficulty: You suck, game stays easier. You're amazing, game FRAKKIN' KILLS YOU. Technically, you can max out your difficulty (10.00) before the first story boss, even playing on Normal! I personally got up to 7.81 against that boss and died there. I got up to 8.10 later in, in a prior run. And I LOVE IT!Look, seriously, go buy the game already. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,425670,25728296,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lionarith,Love the style and the fast paced action. Try it out.
76561197969628949,Recommended,425670,25674177,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"Seraph is a 2D platformer shooter where you don't actually need to aim.  This may sound like a bit of an oddity, but it actually works out fairly well in execution.  The gameplay is more about positioning and avoidance (while looking cool) than it is about aiming.The Good- Fun, platformer gameplay based on dodge mechanics and teleporting- Game is generous with teleport uses making for some pretty intense battles- Large amount of guns to choose from making gameplay more varied- Leveling up and skills (Oaths) add more diversity to gameplay- Miracles (magic attacks) add an extra layer to the combat- Crafting of guns, miracles, and armor- Gameplay is fun, so grinding a bit to get crafting ingrediants isn't chore- Cool story conceptThe Bad- Dialoge can be a bit groan-worthy at times, also no voice acting- Platforming isn't very difficult since there are so many jump/teleport options (can be good or bad depending on your taste)- Switches where you have to race to get to a door are more of an inconvenience than an actual challenge since it's so easy to cover ground with your abilities- Respawn system isn't great, players should be allowed to respawn in any map they've opened rather than only allowing respawn in the last map where a token was found- Animations are not always smooth.  The jumps, flips, and teleports look really cool, but the character doesn't always transition well from falling, to landing, to running.  Also, there's no way to duck, walk, or pose, so you can't really flourish while or after doing something badass.The UglyNAThis is a neat little action/platformer game that does almost everythign right.  I'd highly recommend it if you're a fan of 2D platformers and cool looking gunplay.Gameplay Sample:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_23TXXk1Pzk"
,Recommended,425670,25688681,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ghostking,10/10 would shoot demons again
,Recommended,425670,26431588,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pixelica,"It's very addictive, that is all you need for a game.Some ppl complaining about boring procedural stage has the same feel all over the entire gameplay. I don't care much about stage design, the core of the game itself doesn't need flashy fancy stages design. If the game has weak core gameplay, then sure you need to cover that with flashy cool stage design. This game is not one of them.Pacman has almost the same level design, and it's still a good game. I wonder why ppl these day need everything has to be perfect for a game to be called good game. It's a $10 indie game for Godsake."
76561198006574202,Recommended,425670,28967220,Posted: 2 January,all,GentleSnow,"Excellent, especially for the price.  Mobility-centric, with a great blink (teleport/dash) mechanic.  Cool aesthetic, music and story tone.  Auto-adjusting difficulty is a neat twist, and a lot of speed-running potential.  Twitch chat integration is a thoughtful little gimmick.Main complaint for me is that while the level elements always look good, sometimes it's hard to tell if a section is an obstacle or traverseable or able to be shot through.  Enjoying Seraph, think a sequel true to this, but with more polish, would be great."
76561198006714408,Recommended,425670,25581018,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"Loads of fun, with longevity in the form of daily missions, survival mode, and expanded difficulty modes."
76561198025782613,Recommended,425670,25787155,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Daimoku,"In a nutshell, this game is 75% enjoyment, 25% frustration. The combat is incredibly fast, fluid, addictive, and frankly, makes this game. Unfortunately there are a few flaws that mar the experience.- Traveling downward in a level leaves you completely blind. With split-second decisions needing to be made in combat, you're left at a disadvantage.- Suffers from visual overload. This game is overtly visual, with little attention paid to the audio apart from gunfire, explosions and generic demon grunts. The game expects you to see literally everything coming at you in order to react to it, but the overly vibrant light effects are distracting during combat. Every pickup in the game has a bright glow effect, in addition to all enemy projectiles, lights in the background and some of your abilities. When you're killing multiple enemies at once which spawn pickups, dodging projectiles and using Miracles, there are frequent ""I can't even see wtf is going on"" moments, which usually results in taking damage or death.- Problematic RNG. The game is marketed as a skill-based shooter, and this is true, but it has many Roguelike elements, such as procedually generated levels, randomized weapon and armor drops, and elite enemies that take a page from Diablo III. All of these combined occasionally result in simply unfair situations. You'll be stuck in a narrow corridor with elite enemies who can spawn giant area-denial circles that heavily damage and slow you, launch homing orbs that track you for days, reflect your bullets, or who are simply fast and launch shotgun-style energy bursts at you with no warning. This issue also compounds with the aforementioned visual overload, and is especially noticeable at 6.0 and higher difficulties.- Excessively grindy progression elements. Crafting in this game is simple if a bit bland, and too focused on long-term instead of short-term impact. You collect components from enemies you kill, and can unlock/upgrade your weapons, Wards and Miracles after each level, or take Oaths, aka your talent tree. Problem is everything is too incremental. You found a shard? You get 10 more HP, or 2% more Pistol damage, or 3% Blink recharge time, or 1% chance enemies will drop Health. You found crafting materials? You can upgrade 1 of 7 Wards to get 5% more resistance on that one item, which competes with all the other Wards that could randomly spawn in a level.And here's the real catch. You can spend a dozen hours or more and upgrade everything you have, only to spend a number of extremely rare shards to undergo a Rebirth, if you so choose. This gives you a permanent 3% HP and Damage, and a small increase in shard drop rate. But you lose EVERYTHING you upgraded. You start completely from scratch. All weapons, miracles, Oaths and Wards are locked again. And you can Rebirth up to 4 more times, each requiring more high-level shards. Rebirth is optional, but it feels a bit... Sisyphean.- The game's identity as skill-based conflicts with its RPG progression. This means that you can only progress so far in the game before you start hitting a brick wall in difficulty, die an abrupt death, and are forced to start over. It's where you start emptying 150 rounds of your SMG into one elite enemy and he loses maybe 30% of his HP. Or you start noticing where the most basic enemy in the game is hitting you for half your health. It's where the difficulty becomes more about enemy stat inflation than your lack of skill. To be fair, this only happens at very high difficulties (8.0+), but it's annoying when you feel your mastery of the game is enough to go further, but the game says, ""nope, you don't have Mk III weapons yet, time to die and grind some more.""- Heavy screen tearing on a standard monitor with 60Hz refresh rate. Developer is responsive and has been timely with patches, so hoping for a fix.Now, after all that, why do I keep playing this game? The combat is just that good. It has its problems, but what it does right is well worth experiencing."
,Recommended,425670,25625183,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,LCG,"Seraph is everything that the description here says it is.  There's nothing misleading at all, and exactly what I paid for.  Matter of fact, i'm glad that I paid for it!  I'm just an hour into the game, but have put together aSeraph LPfor anyone who's interested in seeing the gameplay.That being said, I am not a huge platform gamer.  This is way outside of my comfort zone, and not something that I'd normally pay any attention to at all.  For some reason, I decided to pick this one up the day it came out of Early Access, and fell straight in!  The excitement comes and goes in bursts, and is likely to have shaved a couple years of life off of me due to the spikes in heart rate.The storyline revolves around Seraph, our protagonist, as she escapes her prison, fights off Daemons, and attempts to ascend back to her natural form - but she's currently in her human vessel, Thalia.One major piece of appeal to me is the dynamic difficulty setting.  If you're doing well, or poorly, expect multipliers to be added to the creatures you're fighting.  I love it conceptually, but have a feeling it can spiral out of control quickly or at higher difficulties - but, i'm only playing it on Standard for now!Only time will tell if Seraph has much replay value, but if you're going to be Twitch streaming, be sure to check out the Options menu.  I don't stream often, but there's a feature i've never seen before.  It boasts of allowing viewers to vote on giving the player a bonus or penalty between levels!The description to this game is spot on and you're getting exactly what you pay for.  Great work, Dreadbit Games!"
,Recommended,425670,27169642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lanessar,"This is an amazing little platformer game.I loved the premise of a fallen angel fighting the hordes of evil demons and possessed ex-prison guards, with dubious characters aiding or guiding you along the way. The story is non-intrusive, and well-paced.While the mechanics are pretty simple from a gameplay standpoint, they are done superbly. It's a rogue-like in certain aspects and an RPG in others. Different ""specs"" are easy to configure, and unlocks persist across game sessions very intuitively. I'd be hard-pressed to name another game that did this so well, and so thoroughly.Add to that the leaderboard challenges (allowing you to compete against other players indirectly) where you can earn further advancement via survival or playthroughs, and it's some brilliant dovetailing of features and different game modes.I hope that other AAA titles take heed of some of the mechanics in this game; they are well thought out and lend a lot of replayability to an otherwise short (say, 12-14 hours) game without much frippery. Hats off to the devs for stealing my heart with this little indie game.To be honest, I thought I'd never play a platformer like this again and enjoy it but... the gunplay, animations, graphics and leveling system are second to none."
,Recommended,425670,27643332,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,redhqs,"Fast-paced acrobatic dodge-em-up platformer that gets harder the better you play. Weapons and powers are satisfying to use, and reward risk-taking - meaning a more hectic, more entertaining run. Love the aesthetic and progression through levels as they increase in difficulty.Also, best example of early access to release I've ever seen on steam - great communication and responsive to feedback but clearly had a vision they were working towards and it shows in the final release."
,Recommended,425670,29241267,Posted: 13 January,all,Luisfius,"Pretty stylish, even though the backgrounds kind of get a bit hard to read and distinguish areas, at least for me.   Very satisfying shooting, and the movement mechanics seem very very neat.Works immediately well with my pad, but I imagine it would handle decently with just mouse and keyboard as well. Definitely worth at least a try."
,Recommended,425670,25741751,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Fidchell,"This game is pretty high on my list of recommendations. The movement is great, it looks gorgeous, and it has a ton of replay value. I'd recommend it to pretty much anybody."
,Recommended,425670,25481153,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Strawberry Shortcake,"Fast, skill based, dev is receptive to bug and balance issues. One of the best early access purchases I've ever made."
,Recommended,425670,26699352,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mr Bombastic,"Fantastic game, interesting story, great aesthetics and really fast and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,425670,25593339,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,SuitedDecadence,"The game has hidden depths which I did not expect. In particular the ability to develop your character down a skill path of your choosing was a welcome surprise. As a rule I disklike shooters, as my reaction times are not those of a 14 yearold, but the scaling difficulty level ensures that everyone can play and enjoy doing so. Purchasing was well worth it for me and I look forward to competing with friends on the dailies."
,Not Recommended,425670,28948141,Posted: 2 January,all,anti-magic,"I think nearly everyone has come to same conclusion: fun for the first hour or two, then you realise everything is an obnoxious bullet sponge and oath/weapon/item/miracle upgrade progression is locked behind an insane amount of grinding.At it's simplest the gameplay boils down to holding down fire while dodging: it feels genuinely smooth and fun while looking great. Things do get appropriately more difficult at a reasonable clip but once enemies start casting their own spells and flinging homing or lock on attacks, it starts to get tiresome and frustrating. The line between challenging and ""I think this enemy is casting spells on top/under me but can't tell, oh god I am already dead"" is very fine indeed.Even if the gameplay wasn't quite so frustrating, the humungous grind for minimal benefits (the incremental differences between levels in oathss is ♥♥♥♥ing miniscule: ~1-2% for a significant resource investment) makes you wonder about the point of replaying Seraph.Really disappointing game overall and I cannot recommend this to anyone instead of a good metroidvania (Strider, Axiom Verge), or if they want replayability a decent roguelike (Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain)."
,Not Recommended,425670,28693044,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Poison,"For like the first hour I was sort of enjoying this game. Then I realized that was because I had already experienced everything it had to show me. If you're a speedrunner you MIGHT enjoy this game, but for everyone else just take a quick glance at the pros and cons and decide for yourself.Pros:+Decent music+Good visuals, especially for Unity+Interesting mechanic making aim automatic to focus on movementCons:-Dreadfully dull and predictable story-Awful level design-Very short (completed campaign in under 4 hours)-For a game about 'skillful dodging' there are far too many tracking or lock on attacks from enemies-Nearly every blessing/miracle is borderline worthless-Upgrade system is clunky and the value of upgrades are too inconsequential to be useful (Ex. Picking up an exp mote gives you 1-5% crit chance for 2 seconds.)-Auto-increase difficulty doesn't make enemies any smarter, just hit harder and use overpowered abilities like timed immunityI wanted to like this game the whole way through, but I flat out didn't. After the first hour the only thing driving me was to get it over with to sate my OCD."
76561197982240415,Recommended,425670,25701497,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tribe-Griphus,"I picked this up on kind of a lark since it was on sale for less than $10.  The controls are tight, though it took me a little bit to get used to not using a mouse.  It does a good job of making me feel like I'm awesome even when I'm average.  The story is sort of throw-away, but the auto-aim mechanic allows you to feel like you're parkouring around destroying demons.  Super fun."
76561198041869215,Recommended,425670,25704628,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Punky921,"Enjoying this a LOT. Agile, exciting, skillful. Minimal design elements, interesting-enough story, fun gun play. And is very playable on keyboard. I was afraid I was going to need to buy a controller for this, but nope! Works just fine on KB (though I'm betting it might be more fun on XBOX controller!)"
,Recommended,425670,25630369,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TF9880,Origin Story of Tracer from Overwatch™ (Not Really)
,Recommended,425670,32909013,Posted: 27 June,all,Johnny Two Tips,Wow. I wish I heard about this game earlier. I gladly would've paid full price. An action platformer with guns but aiming takes a backseat to artful dodging. Very clever. Very unique. Please make a sequel already. My only gripe is I wish there was voice acting. Characters feel... hollow.
,Recommended,425670,30246688,Posted: 28 February,all,Invelious,An amazing side scroller. Hands down one of the best I have played in years. The challenge factor is there as well. Great leveling system that is coupled with a shard development program that insures extended gameplay. 10/10
76561198062553344,Recommended,425670,24680438,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DjSpectre,"TL;DRAll in all, the game is a valiant effort from such a small developement team. Solid, responsive controls, grounded, yet satisfying sound design, a visual style that, while needing some more oomph regarding level design, all work together in favor of the game. The replay value is high with daily challenges, upgrades that carry over through playthroughs, and a decent selection of game modes including Surival, SpeedRun and the first-of-its-kind TwitchMode.The game ends in a way that could open itself up to a sequel and if one is in the works. I'll gladly buy it, just as I did this one.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Detailed Reivew:------------------So here is my take on the game after having played it since the Early Access launch in April this year.The random level layouts add great replay value, but the constant repetition of the 'rooms' and their always-squared shape blurs away the occasional changes in themes (a theme being a color palette change, ammo crates looking different and various doo-dad's changing to match). With very rare exceptions, it's hard to tell one level apart from another. And after repeated playthroughs in the game, I still cannot tell how far into the game I am, unless I am watching character dialog for the plot.The gunplay in the game is well done with generous hitboxes and the auto-aim mechanic almost being a necessity amongst the need to constantly be blinking, wall-jumping and sprinting through the often erratic layouts.The daily challenges (though there could be more variety in this matter), Rebirth mechanic and upgrades persisting through consecutive play-throughs all give the game a high replay value. Further the lack of gore, or blood of any kind for that matter, makes this game for all ages. Further, there is no multiplayer or competitive mode (aside from the previously mentioned Challenges and a stand-alone Speedrun mode) so you can play the game as casually or seriously as you want.One of the stand-out features though is TwitchMode. TwitchMode is a mode where viewers of a Twitch streamer playing Seraph, can alter the game difficulty in various ways by voting for or against the player. The game issues a vote to the audience, the audience votes in the streamers chat and the game reads the chat, automatically tally's the votes and bestows the winning boost or penalty to the player/streamer accordingly. I truly wish more games had this mode, but as of yet, this is the only game I'm aware of that has such a thing.The only drawbacks to TwitchMode is that voting only happens between levels and there needs to be a far greater range of benefits/penalties to keep the audience invested and the player on their toes.The music in the game is atmospheric, but since there are such a limited number of tracks, it does get repetitive as you fight through the dozens of levels to reach the end of the game.Major Boss Fights are intense and long, as they should be, but the number of Major bosses are extremely limited and the interim 'level bosses' are far too repetitive (they are just bigger versions of existing enemies) to have any meaning. This compounded with the seemingly limited number of enemies (there are about a dozen or so types) makes for a game that tends to rely on the love explosions, the visual bliss of your holy powers and the solid sound design to carry it.The story in the game has a few twists and generally the player is kept on the fence as to whether you should be rooting for Seraph or rooting against her. While this isn't the deepest story in gaming, and it's certainly among the least visual (plot is conveyed through hidden logs and text based dialog), it does at least keep a person interested and acts as a welcome break from the thumb-numbing gameplay.TL;DRAll in all, the game is a valiant effort from such a small developement team. Solid, responsive controls, grounded, yet satisfying sound design, a visual style that, while needing some more oomph regarding level design, all work together in favor of the game. The replay value is high with daily challenges, upgrades that carry over through playthroughs, and a decent selection of game modes including Surival, SpeedRun and the first-of-its-kind TwitchMode.The game ends in a way that could open itself up to a sequel and if one is in the works. I'll gladly buy it, just as I did this one.RECOMMENDED!"
76561197987350836,Recommended,425670,22686952,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Angelus,"There are some good user reviews already, this is just a positive recommendation and a thumbs up for the developers. They seem to be determined to make this already solid at its core game, a complete and flawless experience it deserves to be."
,Recommended,425670,33491641,Posted: 12 July,all,Flamerider,"Early impressions: You'll like this game if you liked Bastion and Transistor. Not so much from a narrative perspective, though they are similar, fighting through a broken world in media res while other people and info lying around help you piece together the background. What is absolutely similar is the solid core gameplay, surrounded by lots and lots of little factors of agency (different skills, upgrades, ways to challenge yourself that reward you) as extra fluff to improve repeat playthroughs."
76561198009316076,Recommended,425670,34624311,Posted: 30 August,all,The Matlock,"Ahh, Seraph. The game that pushed me over the edge and made me get a Steam Controller. And that is an important thing to note folks; you can play this with a keyboard, but it is awkward and not enjoyable at all. You need to have a controller for this one. Now, with that out of the way, onto the review.The story of Seraph is an interesting one, told piece-meal by start of level and end of level cutscenes, with numerous log files you can pick up along the way to get the rest of it together. Essentially what happens is that in the game's world, there exists Reality (where we live), Origin (heaven) and Terminus (hell). A divine being known as The Seraph left Origin and possessed the body of a young woman named Talia. Somewhere on the way, she was captured by religous persons, and held prisoner on a ship called the Corangelous for years, being treated as the object of a relgious pilgrimage (think Mecca). The demons of Terminus spoke to her, offering her freedom if she helped them enter Reality. Unwittingly she did, and the game starts with the demons invading the ship, and the Seraph needing to fight her way out. There is a bit more to it, but I don't want to spoil much more.The graphics are good, but not exceptional, as that isn't needed in a game like this. There are five distinct 'world' on the ship with multiple levels each, and you can easily tell them apart by their appearance. The indvidual levels are trutly procedurally generated, so you'll never see the same levels twice, save for two boss fights. The music fits the game well, but sadly isn't anything memorable outside of playing.But where the game really shines is the gameplay, which is the main draw and what you should be 'coming to the dance' for. As stated, each level is procedurally generated so you'll never have the same experience. The placement of the exit, enemies, and secret areas change each time. Despite this there is a familiar pattern, as each level involves you tracking down a high powered demon and destroying them, or finding multiple demon fountains and destroying them. This never gets boring or repetitive though as you don't know what you're going to come across each time and exploring the levels is a joy.You control the Seraph, moving through the levels, running, jumping, and shooting. She will always auto target enemies so you focus on dodging while continually attacking. She gets two 'Blinks' which give the ability to transport around enemies rapidly, or reach new areas in the level. The Blinks recharge every few seconds, but it's a careful balance to avoid taking damage while ensuring your enemies are crushed. They start off easy but can get downright nasty later on.This is thanks to the games scaling difficulty. When you defeat enemies they drop white 'motes' that add experience to your character. The more of these you pick up, the higher the difficulty scales. If you collect multiple motes in a row without taking damage, a meter fills up and this makes the difficulty go up even faster. So if you're good, you can end up in a rather tricky situation early on. As a matter of fact, I had to restart my own playthrough because it got too difficult. Luckly the game retains all your progress on upgrades when you do so.So on that note, the progression system is great. You get experience from collecting the aforementioned motes, and level up as you would in any other game, each time getting a health increase and the ability to choose to power up one of four skills, which are selected for you when you start. You can put all your points into one skill or spread them out, but the fact you won't ever end up with the same set of skills twice adds to the replyability. However this isn't retained when you start a new game, so what is?That's everything else. You gather components as you kill the demons, which allow you to craft stronger versions of your weapons, stronger accessories, and more powerful miracles (which are special attacks). As well you collect shards, which can be slotted into multiple skills throughout three skill trees. There are five rarities of shards, and you can combine three of one kind to make the next one. As well you need to have a certain number of shards in lower skills to be able to slot shards into the more powerful ones. So all the crafting and shards carry over.Even once you finish the game, you're not done. There are daily challenges which provide extra crafting rewards when you place well, and every week there is a special Survival Challenge, which puts everyone in a fixed version of the main campaign with the goal to go as far as you can and get the highest score, with again crafting rewards for doing well. Eventually, if you want, you can ""Rebirth"" which is equivelant to a prestige in Call of Duty/Gears of War; everything resets,  but you get small bonuses to all your stats, and this can be done up to five times if you're really that crazy.All in all the package here is exceptional with tons of value avaiable for the price, and you owe it to yourself to at least try it. I give it a demon destroying, angel blasting, fast paced recommendation."
,Recommended,425670,33859381,Posted: 28 July,all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"An angel embodies a middle eastern woman on board a derelict ship overrun by a seemingly endless hoard of demons. Physics-defying gunplay and smiting ensue. What more could one possibly ask for?It's hard to say...Seraphis pretty damn good as-is. The controls and subsequent mechanics are solid -- well-polished. Everything feels as it should. Challenge ramps up appropriately via an unusual but well-executed difficulty multiplier based off your current performance; increasingly hard, yet forgiving.This is a game that wears its inspirations proudly on its sleeve. FromNinja GaidentoBloodRayneand sprinklings ofDoom, there's a lot of enjoyable meta reference present. Expect some welcome familiarity. The music is spot-on, too -- techy off-kilter edge.Visually the game looks great, if not same-y. That's not to say the level design is bad; it's by all means good (there's more than enough walls, drops, and platforms to make ample use of Seraph's varying abilities), but aesthetically the repetition is disappointing. Every few levels there's a slight backdrop change, but never enough to truly shake things up.There's an upgrade system present which I suppose is nice, but it feels... tacked on? Last minute? The amount of gameplay investment to get far along with shards and transmutations seems exponentially high consideringSeraph'sexisting lack of overall variety. Weekly challenges help, I suppose, but this isn't the type of game where minor online functionality is particularly valued in any notable regard.Overall,Seraphis flawed, but above-average, enjoyably novel despite its shortcomings. Considering the low price tag, I'd say this one is a no-brainer for someone that likes their action platformers twitchy and hard as ♥♥♥♥. Would recommend to the right person."
,Recommended,425670,27739263,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Altrue,"Surprisingly good replayability and character skills customization, dynamic combat, relatively good music, and interesting (but slightly scarce) story."
,Recommended,425670,27987989,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Parimi,"An action filled platformer with really polished controls (with controller) and quite favorable loot mechanics. Story about fallen angel fighting demons is also entertaining. Excellent game if you like skill-based, fast and visualy pleasand games."
76561198076728503,Recommended,425670,29606085,Posted: 31 January,all,Brewski,"A fun platformer that focuses mostly on movement.  Not having to focus on aiming your primary weapon(s) doesn't detract from the game, as it lets you focus on the acrobatic movement and dodging aspects, which can make for some pretty epic looking shots. Plus you still have your power attacks that require a bit more aim or planning.The story is a bit forced, but it's a minor aspect of the game, so overall I recommend this one.  It's a decently fun and entertaining."
76561197983740996,Recommended,425670,35503423,Posted: 5 October,all,Chane,"You are weak as your sarcophagus opens. As you slide to the floor you realise that you had been imprisoned for over three decades. All of your guards are dead and the ship that serves as your prison is infested with hordes of daemons.You are a seraph, an angel, inhabiting the body of a human. Her name is Talia and she once agreed to let you control her. But the years have made Talia bitter. You need to restore your health and fight the daemons to free both Talia and yourself.Seraph is a platform shooter that concentrates on acrobatic skills. Aiming isn't necessary, which means you can jump, double-jump, wall-jump and otherwise focus on your movement while pressing the shoot button and automatically hit your enemies.Seraph is simply everything I love about 2D games. If you plan to play a 2D shooter this year, go for Seraph. It's great!Pros:- it's a blast- highly addictive- nice graphics- challenging but never frustrating- dynamic difficulty (difficulty rises gradually based on your skill)- tons of upgrades- different weapons- wonders- the longer you play the better the game gets- daily challenge that earn you upgrade items- weekly challenge that also earn you upgrade items- selection of upgrades influences your level of success- improved loot on higher difficulty- very good controller supportNeutral:- I didn't like the music at the beginning but got used to it later. Some players love the music.Cons:- daily challenge left me with a blisters on my trigger finger- some weapons don't fire automatically. For pistols and machine guns you simple keep the button pressed. For shot-guns and rail-guns you have to keep pressing the button again and again.- one achievement did not unlock"
76561197986016566,Recommended,425670,27537399,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DerBK,"Great game if you are looking for something to play via Steam Link on the big screen.Good and fastpaced gameplay, rewarding crafting/collection system that keeps you busy. What more could you possibly want from a game that you can get for 6-7€ when on sale."
76561197970847383,Recommended,425670,27303807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DeadMeat,"Surprising entry in the ""rogue"" (roguelikes, roguelites, roguelikelikes...) family of games.Gameplay is responsive and engaging. Have not yet felt that any combat or enemy abilities were unfair - as a result deaths feel like they come about due to carelessness on the players side and not due to cheesy mechanics.Daily challenges are fun, and a nice way to boost the rate at which you gain items required for upgrades.Game allows you to save and quit at the end of each level, so you don't have to block off a large amount of time if you want to progress the story - you can piece it out.Be forewarned that the levels are procedurally generated and so this may mean that you do not get a continue in every level - plan upgrades and play accordingly.This game, like most rogue-types, is light on story and it can leave you feeling less than invested in the characters and the motivation for the actions. Where other games try to add character to the limited story by literally adding characters (Enter the Gungeon, Nuclear Throne, even Rogue Legacy to some extent), Seraph seems to have just the one playable character and I haven't yet felt hooked by her story.All in all: An enjoyable game, especially if you are looking for one that you can consume in bite-sized chunks."
76561197971616692,Recommended,425670,25694785,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Teddy Ruxpin,"I'm not usually into platformers, but this is an exceptional case.+ Great concept - future Christian fanatics/Hi-Tech Angel Smiting devastation+ Fluid controls+ ""no aiming"" really lets you focus on acrobatics and evasion+ Nice upgrade system, sweet smiting attacks- Music is passable, but could use more variety- Backgrounds are quite stylised, but pretty basic and repetitive- Some of the enemies are dispoportionately tougher than othersGame is good and great for the money!"
76561198113840408,Recommended,425670,25676176,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ForceOfNature,"One of the best 2D side scroller platformers I've played in a long time. The controls in conepts take a little bit to get used to though.Warning: make sure you use a controller, this game isn't half as good as it is with keyboard and mouse."
76561198158149244,Recommended,425670,25758489,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,tuckboat,"5.5/10What's good?...I like the Gunfu in here. It's a good time and by that I mean you will find some fast paced platform combat (auto aiming so not a twin stick shooter) that has a scaling difficulty meter that provides a consistent and well balanced challenge. The controls are pretty well done (playing with a keyboard) and responsivness is on point which is a must-have for this type of game in my book. All in all the combat is somewhat repetitious but pretty smooth, challenging, and rewarding once you sink your teeth into it. While the action may not be groundbreaking or trendsetting it is built from a very solid foundation and formula and it works well. Which is good because that's why most of us are here.I also like the progression which gives you license to build your character to your specifications. Kudos for this wrinkle.The AC/DC....here is that the levels are procedurely generated and the randomn layouts are a bit of a mixed baged. Yes it detracts from the feeling of running through the samey sameness of the same challenge every single run which is an excellent idea. However I feel like having a few static and purposely memorable levels would be a big plus as the random level generation seems to create nothing worth remembering.This title can get a little grindy at times...though less so if your either better than me at gaming (you probably are) or playing on an easier difficulty.Not lovin' the...white enemies. All white. Really? I mean all white? I was tired of looking at them after my first hour of gameplay and that's not a good feeling. I would like to see few extra color splashes as I mow down rows of enemies to keep it from feeling like it's a routine. Honestly I got to ask why did they not throw in some color all over the place because visually this game is little bland (okay kinda alot bland but I'm trying not to rant).Some of the enemies attacks/tactics feel a little cheap. The teleporation blast is consistently frustrating and at first I though it was going to be a game-killer for me. After playing for another hour or so I learned to keep my eye out for the warning blip that proceeds the attack even when outside of combat and although it's still kinda irratting I can't say it's unfair or unavoidable if you remain focused.Overall....Just a slight recommend at full price. Assuming your looking for some quick-paced platforming action of course your going to get a good bit of it. It's a good bit of fun but nothing spectacular. My biggest gripe goes back to the lack of color and personality. So if that sounds like something you would find irrating maybe steer clear. For me it was almost a backbreaker here."
,Recommended,425670,25616216,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,razmir,"A great action packed 2d shooter.You don't have to aim your guns so there is more emphasis on dodging attacks and moving around.Moving is intuitive and fluid, i like that the difficulty scales with your performance.I personally like that this isn't a metroidvania, the game shows you where to go.The upgrade system isn't that straight forward though, but you'll get used to it.If you like platformers and a high skill ceiling, this is something for you.8/10"
76561198056853980,Recommended,425670,25703708,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ivar the homeless,"A fun game, very stylish, but whoever designed the final bosses moveset should be shot."
,Recommended,425670,23137193,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"Sharp, fast-paced and fun, with incredibly slick art design and piles of replayability.  I do have a few minor nitpicks, but given the game is still in early access, I'm sure the devs will have them all ironed out by release - honestly, given how early this game is in development, I'm blown away by how smoothly it plays and the quality of its visual and sound design.  Using Smite just /feels/ good, and that goes a long way."
,Recommended,425670,25625544,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,]NS[SkkyHigh,"Fluid, Fast and Accurate platformer.Kinda like a new age metroid with slick graphics."
76561198027776462,Recommended,425670,24279313,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,maarttepaard,I've played a few hours and I still don't know what to do. LOL
76561198012199144,Recommended,425670,26941366,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lex,"Lovely game, all skill based"
76561197971718417,Recommended,425670,27323097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WickedJack,Top notch gunplay and I love the progression/upgrade system!
76561197962561784,Recommended,425670,28699434,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Penguin Bartender,"This game lives up to the hype. It is amazing to play, and the RPG-like advancement is both strategic and satisfying.Edit: I posted about an out-of-place difficulty wall in the steam community group forums, and rather than being dismissive, the developers listened and delivered a patch to solve the issue without betraying the core values of the game.Don't buy this on a sale, support these magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and BUY. THIS. GAME. NOW."
76561198253511863,Recommended,425670,25942013,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,+Kreuzritter+,"This game has lots of very nice -ings!Cool shootings, fun platformings, some RPGings, puzzlings and good tunings.Its one of those where just after a few minutes being into it i knew.....this one is damn fun!....but after half an hour i thought....its probably also one of the best sidescrollers/platformers/shooters out there.WHAT A LOVELY GAME!"
,Not Recommended,425670,28739406,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Insanitys Muse,"It's fun for the first 2 hours or so, then everything becomes a huge bullet sponge, including the last boss. It's not particularly fun (or hard) to hold the ""shoot"" button while dodging periodically as the health bars inch down pixel by pixel.For example, it takes about 2 minutes of continuous shooting to take out the first ""phase"" of the final boss, with the pistol upgraded as much as you can in your first run through. There's 3 phases. Only the 3rd one is hard, but you get to be bored for 4-6 minutes every time you try to get to it.As far as I can see, there's no way to re-farm levels you've cleared in a run through without starting all the way over (and I'm not even sure I can do that without finishing the boss). I know I COULD beat the end boss eventually but it really doesn't feel worth it. It's incredibly boring and the health of the other non-basic monsters in the rest of the levels leading up to it weren't giving me much hope the game would be worth playing afterwards. It's really dissappointing that the ""difficulty"" of the game just comes from monster health pools being huge and not something more fun. It's also a shame these flaws don't really manifest until after the refund window on Steam.If you can get it for $1 or just really like grinding, I would change it to a recommend. At its core there's a fun game there, it's a shame to see it fall short of what it could be."
76561198018519925,Not Recommended,425670,27770060,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,alexandru_rosu,"The only decent thing about this game is the story. The gameplay is a total grind. Once you've finished the first level there isn't really anything much more to experience in terms of gameplay. You might unlock a few more weapons and abilities but they don't really change the much. Oh and if you do manage to make it to the last boss, be prepared to waste a few hours of your life beating it. It really shows the lack of creativity from the the developers."
,Not Recommended,425670,25948288,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thePoark,"The combat gameplay feels pretty good, controls fairly well, and is enjoyable -- the mechanics are there.  However, between the trite story, and and extremely bland and montonous level ""design"", I can't recommend the game. This is a good example of how to rely too heavily on procedural generation.  There are plenty of games that implement level generation well, but it doesn't feel right here -- you've seen one level, you've seen them all.  This implementation stunts the pacing, and doesn't provide an interesting or convincing setting, and this makes it feel kind of unfinished; it's just bland.There is a good game in here that could be great with some work; worth keeping an eye on, but it still just kinda feels like a early access game."
,Not Recommended,425670,32972409,Posted: 28 June,all,Ice #حرام,"This game, while fun for a little while quickly begins showing massive design problems that ultimateley make you want to stop playing and never pick it up again. although it is a nice game to pick up during the sale, play until you get sick of it and then slowly stop caring about it. Worth 3€ in a sale for a bit of light entertainmentThe main Problems of the game include:Sticky Movement:  while the movement works rather well for Combat in open areas, it can be very sticky for Platforming and actually traversing the levels, blinking at an angle on certain walls or edges gives you a massive boost in momentum for some reason, but you get stopped dead in your tracks if you touch a vertical wall. so far glitched through a wall once and had to reset the level.Bad visual Design:  The game looks good, it looks nice. A bit too nice. Too cluttered.  The screenshots and video on the storepage show a beautiful artstyle, but unfortunately it is very cluttered. During my first 3 hours of gameplay i would repeatedly run into walls and platforms, which appeared as part of the background, while not finding ways because i assumed they were walls. Often during i fight i would get ""stuck"" on the wallclimbing of a wall i didnt realize was there and eating a few free hits for itBad level design:  The combat, the meat of the game is a lot of fun, but unfortunately the levels are littered with copious amounts of backtracking. Often you find yourself in the flow of exciting combat only to spend the next minuted backtracking to the exit, alternative paths, dead ends and collectibles. Nothing kills the pace like looking for the next fight and only stumbling about in the samey confusing level layouts resulting in a lot of downtime between fun partsThe Grind: Upgrading your character  carries over into different playthroughs and the challenges. The amount of Shards, Motes  (whatever those are) and crafting materials quickly becomes horrendously high in exchange for relatively minor boosts like a +4% dmage to the pistol class (an Mk3 pistol costs 1500 of these blue things, and one level rewards you depending on how thorough you are with about 50) . Furthermore the upgrade system tends to screw you over and punish experimenting with different weapons. I prefered the Assault rifle during the first few hours of gameplay and proceeded to upgrade it. although shortly before i grinded enough materials for the upgrade i ran out of ammo and changed for a different weapon. in 4 hours of playtime since i upgraded the assault rifle, i was not able to find a new one (maybe they dont get dropped if the other weapons are still mk1) even after restarting the game to replay the levels where i previously found it.  To make the grind a bit easier the Devs put in Daily and Weekly challenges, which at the surface look like a great opportunity to quickly gain a lot of crafting materials based on which percentage of the highscore list you get into. The problem about this is that the Upgrades carry over into challenge mode, so competeing with other players who are ahead of you in the upgrade curve make it hard for low equipped players to reach high scores for those sweet upgrades.The game has a load of flaws which ultimateley spoil the whole experience, although it has a good core gameplay which makes you say ""just one more level"" over and over again until you ultimately get so tired of it that you have no motivation to revisit it.Not a bad game for 3€ and a bit of fun, but i would have regrettet the 13€ price tag."
,Not Recommended,425670,25731514,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[BoD] MitoDrium,"It felt interesting, but in the end, i felt disappointed.Gameplayis serviceable.Rooms are crafted, areas randomly generated, which leads to fun frustating moments when dropping down, not being able to see, since it's rather zoomed in, and getting insta mauled by 3 ""buffed"" enemies.Since there's auto aim, you're supposed to concentrate on movement and dodging, but then it has a 2 charge dodge mechanic, that often does not help when there's more than 2 enemies attacking you at once, which is most of the time, and something hits you anyway.While playing, you can level up guns and put points into passives. There's also 4 passive skills to choose from, but once you pick, they lock, you can't change them, so if you pick a skill that was clearly put in because something like it is usually put into games, but pretty useless in this one, then you're down 1 slot for the rest of the game unless you start a new game.If you're really bored, theres also some ""rebirth"" (prestige) thingy, but it requires grinding, and to me, the gameplay is neither polished, nor everything around the gameplay fun enough to do so.There's daily challenges that give you stuff for the character and let you measure your ""e-privates"", but unless you already grinded out your character, you're not gonna get good stuff. yes, you use your game character for the dailies, because understandably, the dev does not want to put up a new character setup everytime for mere dailies.There's also a weekly survival, that says everyone uses the same char for that, but i couldn't be bothered to try it.StoryIf you enjoy story in games, there's a bit of one. as usual in games where the writers/devs have barely any experience, the text logs are more interesting, since you can already call the plot withing at most 2 hours.But the characters are still somewhat intruigingThe ending sucked.SPOILER about the endYou get 2 choices, neither matters, because you just go to the credits. That's lazy. you get 2 different achievements for either choice. Congrats, you pushed the other button!Someone in the Steam Forums said the dev had explained, it is so ""so it is open to interpretation"" which is usually just a weak, cheap excuse for ""i couldn't be bothered to write 1 more page of text"". A weak, simple walltext would have been better and would have probably taken a day to implement.PS: Also ""open for interpretation"" does not pull if it's ""kill x""  or ""join x"".   ""Open for interpretation"" would be not even giving a choice.At the end, i do not recommend this game at full price. maybe wait for at 70% off or more.I would rather recommend Ghost 1.0 to you. It's a better Metroidvania and has a better story.And there's absolutely no randomly generated room trap that gives you no chance to survive it."
,Not Recommended,425670,26077812,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"With the constant deluge of generic indie coin-collecting platformers the video game market in general has been drowning in for the past decade or so now, it was pleasant to play a fresh breath of the mostly forgotten sub-genre of the action sidescrolling platformer again with Seraph. While I enjoyed the majority of the game, I cannot recommend it because of the poor level design, an inability to backtrack or grind, and the monumental difficulty spike with the last boss.Akin to 2D shooters of old like Abuse and the original Duke Nukem, Seraph is about shooting your way from one side of a level to another while unlocking some doors and grabbing ammo along the way. To put it simply, this is essentially a 2D ""FPS"" game with full auto-aim: Seraph requires you to focus on dodging attacks and performing acrobatics to transverse a level instead of gathering rings or saving animals. This auto-aim system helps create a more cinematic experience by greatly increasing the combat speed and encouraging flashy movement instead of spending time every enemy counter mouse aiming.  However, this is often detrimental to long range combat and against faster enemies; you will often find yourself being required to be point-blank to get shots in despite having no melee system against mostly melee opponents. Several abilities also require you to be close-range for them to trigger or work properly which feels more like an intentional concession to the auto-aim rather than adding variety to the combat system. All problems aside, the combat is mostly good and is unique enough alone to make this worth playing.Sadly, no amount of good combat can salvage a game with miserable level design. Being a modern indie game means Seraph has procedurally generated levels which it of course doesn't do well. If I didn't know better I'd think the devs only made 5 unique rooms, flipped them, added some connectors, and threw them into a randomizer. You can add a new coat of paint with a few different tilesets but its painfully obvious that no one cared about the level design when you see the same rooms every level (with each level taking about ~5 mins to finish!). Some of the larger maps I actually got lost in and wished there was a map function (not because of any maze-like level design but because everything looked the same!). I would've really preferred fewer hand-made maps than the mess of random junk maps this poor game received instead.As the difficulty rose and I struggled to finish the last few maps, I really wished I had some way of backtracking to level up my ""account"" more. Again, being an indie game in 2016, this game has a system comparable to permadeath with no level select option. Dying in this will set you back to your most recent checkpoint which, not only can be several maps prior, but also interrupts the storyline flow by making you replay map's intro & outro dialogue. The only real way to grind up your character's permanent stats is by doing daily quests and survival missions on the leaderboards. While it's a nice attempt to create a community, a once per day challenge that only pays out once the challenge is closed isn't very conductive towards reaching goals with your character's growth.Why would you need to grind in a sidescrolling platformer? I didn't feel the need to until I reached the last boss which was an absolute nightmare. Playing on a seemingly average difficulty of 5.5 (I got downgraded several times from dying on the last maps), it took me probably 3 of my 9 hours of game time on Seraph to beat him. A combination of fast-tracking homing shots, teleporting full body-sized AoEs, a PBAoE on the boss that is larger than his hitbox (and pops up when you get close to him), and heavy randomization on both numbers of shots and time between shots makes this a bullethell boss without access to bombs. I was ready to uninstall several times because no build or weapon type seemed to work. As far as I can tell, I just got lucky with the volleys he decided to fire the time I beat him. A truly miserable experience that is further unsatisfying by the cut-to-credits ending.Overall, Seraph is a decent game. There are unique concepts here and a real effort at lore & world-building despite being a simple auto-aim shooter. I want to recommend this because I enjoyed most of the game but I can't because of the apparent traps of modern indie game design. Helmed by a more competent developer I imagine this could've been GOTY material; Instead, Seraph is just another indie platformer but with guns and demons instead of coins and cute animals."
,Recommended,425670,29104686,Posted: 7 January,all,1G86,"Haven't gotten far into the story to comment on it but really, I don't think it's the story that sells the package. This end-times side scrolling shooter packs a lot of other punches that the story isn't really the jewel that shines. If you've watched the preview of the title -- it's pretty much what it is. It's an acrobatic, skill-based shooter - it has the female protagonist shoot her way through hordes and hordes of demons often needing to jump, double-jump, and blink to outmaneuver foes. The objectives are quite simple still -- go destroy this, find and kill some special demon to unlock the next level.Some upgrade mechanics are in place which attempts to be robust but in the end is just play-longer-get-more-resources kind of thing. And the play-longer aspect is addressed, more or less, sufficiently by a Daily Challenge and Survival mode. (Although I am not sure if the upgrades are integrated across all modes.)Art Style and Soundtrack packs the title neatly -- and perhaps maybe a big consolation for what could be a simple game in its entirety.The only big issue I have is that, for a title encouraging use of a game pad, I found it easier playing with a keyboard. I found using my Logitech controller a headache. Jumps and blinks don't trigger correctly -- making Seraph look ♥♥♥♥ing clumsy after every other motion. (Some double checking and testing will ensue.)In any case, it's a bit of a slow-down from the usual fare of games, both challenging and rewarding at the same time. It might prove a bit of a time sink for button-mashing freaks who like seeing their names on shining lights."
,Recommended,425670,28498355,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mournsorrow,"I'll admit this game doesn't have the best graphics out there and the story/background Lore could use some more fleshing out in my opinion (though admittedly I haven't completed the main story/game just yet).However it is an amazing game, with fun and semi addictive gameplay that at times can prove very challenging yet oh so satisfying as you get better and better.  Especially when you play the ""survival"" mode, I won't deny there is a bit of a learning curve and some grinding is required as without decent Oath coverage you can only handle so much, but as you get stronger and more capable you will find yourself improving in leaps and bounds.In short, I'd say ypou get your money's worth at full price but if you see it on a good sale and can afford there's really no reason not to nab it and at least try it, cause afterward you'll probably want to keep it.Also I most note that the developers really listen and pay attention to the community which is awesome."
,Recommended,425670,25618670,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pandax,"30 minutes in, first impression: A.MA.ZING. Smooth and tight gameplay, nice visual effects and hot atmosphere.After one hour, second impression: So tight and responsive, it feels like I'm in total control and the pace of the game is fast and dynamic. I'm having a hard time getting interested in the story because I only want to clear the next level.After two hours, and one boss fight: This game becomes some sort of guilty pleasure where everything seems perfect and exciting. First Boss Fight is a blast."
,Recommended,425670,25630556,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,hoohex,great fun so far. not having to aim just puts all your focus on doing cool as ninja jumps and not dying. plus the story so far seems awesome
,Recommended,425670,25616756,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Kilito,"I've only played for an hour but I already can see the potential.It has multiple game modes and many choices for character customization and play style.The combat is sick and fast, very very satisfying when you get the drift of it.The story is somewhat intriguing but can't say much about it as I only played for an hour and most of it was navigating through menus to see all the abilities, weapons and items.And it has daily and weekly challenges, which brings something different to do everyday, and they give you rewards for it, awesome right?If you like fast-paced games with RPG elements this is your game.Also, it seems it's very optimized so you can play at minimum 30fps in a potato computer."
76561197969250191,Recommended,425670,25618942,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,thornydevil,holy crap this is a fun game. tons of great platforming action. love the daily challenges. theres alot of great content here is such a nice small very highly polished package.
76561198320970692,Recommended,425670,28851202,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BugBear85,"It's alright.  There is some fun to be had in this game but it gets old pretty quick with every level being about the same.  With that being said, throwing this game on for ten or fifteen minutes at a time can provide some fun and I generally enjoy it, especially for the steam sale price."
76561198039795992,Recommended,425670,28878838,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,dejavuagaintoo,Fun fun fun jump jump shoot shoot collect jump jump shoot jump shoot fun ....OMFG so difficult no fun no fun no time to jump die die dieBut until that point it was entertaining enough. Worth a go if it is on sale.
,Recommended,425670,28768960,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Karuji,"Seraph is slick as all hell. The platofrming is tight and responsive, which leads to some overall tight and unique gameplay. The storyline is interesting, but can be completely ignored/skipped over at your discretion.That said some of the visual commincation in the game (which platforms can be shot through vs jumped through) is a bit lacking.A second complaint goes to the difficulty, and progression. While it seems like a good choice for a long term use of the game it feels like a bit of a short change for the casual or newer player, and ends up feeling a bit more of a grind than I'd expect for this kind of single player game.Overall, really good, slightly flawed, and looking forward to playing it, and other games from the creators, more."
,Recommended,425670,26330054,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Katostrophic,"When I read the description of Seraph it reminded me of that one Christian Bale film Equilibrium where he uses Gun Fu or Gun Kata to screw with his enemies. That aside, this is a very good game if you would really like a challenge. I'm obviously not the best gamer out there but the game has given me quite the run for frustration already. Pick it up and you won't regret it."
76561198323956994,Recommended,425670,26125559,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,serial_iller,"In case you were planning on buying this game because it looks like a metroidvania, or because it's tagged as a metroidvania; don't. It isn't at all, it's level based and with no persistant upgrades in true metroidvania fashion. I'm not saying it's a bad game, I just don't want fans of the genre (like me) to be disappointed after buying this game (like me).To be clear, it is a really cool game with some very interesting mechanics but it is much more like a rogue lite than a metroidvania if anyone was wondering."
,Recommended,425670,26135189,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RichTea,"I enjoyed this game very much, even though I don't usually go in for platformers too often. It's nicely polished, and strikes nice balances between high and low skill, and interest in lore or eagerness to play.For criticism I would note that the main bosses were far more difficult than any other part of the game. I believe there were also extra issues making them difficult when I played (during early access) which have been resolved. They'll be less of a shock than they were, but I expect they'll still be a notable stop in progress for some players for a time. If you find yourself getting frustrated you can always reset to the beginning of the game and play with your bonuses again, accumulating more and better enjoying yourself.I found it plays very well with a controller, though I'm sure those who prefer a keyboard and mouse will find the game suitably polished for that input too."
,Recommended,425670,28694757,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WeirdPumpkin,"If you're like me you've played a whole whackload of roguelikes. This is a fun new take on the roguelite genre. Has interesting powerups, lots of speed and dodging, and interesting choices on how to approach fights.I haven't gotten very far yet, too many games gaben why. But if you enjoy the roguelike/lite genre I recommend picking it up, especially since it's on sale right now!"
76561197976726164,Not Recommended,425670,31878820,Posted: 21 May,all,theshadowcult,"Some bad, some good. First, the control and movement are ok at best, the button config and layouts are fine, but lack of control in the air (for a game like this) and getting stuck on walls you cant see, or attaching to platforms mid fight quite often gets you killed. As does getting attacked from off screen or enemy skills blocking sight of other enemy skills. The number of times i died to a melee enemy jumping at me from off screen, or a purple teleport directly on top of me because there was literally no way to see them, was far too many. The bosses were challenging, and yet easier than most of the levels getting to them.The good though, is definitely there. The game looks gorgeous, and while the level designs are not that varied, the random changes of the small details do look appealing. Sound and Music are also top quality, and enjoyable. The multiple upgrade systems are good, and give the game some replayable life.The story is a mix of both. The text logs are short and interesting, and the story as you go through the levels is decent enough to want to pay attention to, though it does fall down in a couple of placesThe main character is an angel, who was imprisoned by humans for a whole 30 years, but just accepts being told from a brand new contact and demons that she apparelty called down an entire demon host onto earth just to get free? Her entire reason for being on earth was to help humans, and she just accepts this (after a short time) as fact without any proof, or even remembering doing it. Secondly, the story just ends... you get a choice after the last boss, and when you choose it, it goes straight into ending credits. There is no closure or wind down at all.The game is a massive mixed bag. On the one hand, it's great, and a good 8/10, give it a go. On the other hand, the few problems it has make it a strict do not buy.With a bunch of balance changes, and maybe more identifiable enemy attacks, it could be a good game, so maybe keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,425670,24519958,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Farmskins.com upgrade.gg,"Paid the full price for this game and it worth every penny.With the ""Rebirth"" system, the replability is so high that you can Pew!Pew!Pew!...again and again.69/10    Pew!Pew!Pew!Pew!Pew!"
76561197974105367,Not Recommended,425670,27470696,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,METAL,"the game has most of the time unresponsive controls, leading to frunstrating deaths. levels are basically the same. otherwise the game looks alright and has a upgrading system."
76561198072708142,Recommended,425670,25630750,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,miluda,Enjoying the hell out of this game.
76561198067538038,Recommended,425670,28237271,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,iceandstorm,fun game for in between :)
76561198153758897,Recommended,425670,25635307,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Akira101,"A short review:Pros- Fluid Animation- High Replayability- Adaptable Difficulty- Female Protagonist- Needs only a mere 2-3 gb of space.- Low system requirements with good fps- Interesting RPG like elements such as crafting, obtaining new sblessings, equipping oathsCons- Lack of customization for female protagonist.- Despite the maps being randomly generated, I cant shake off the feeling that its more or less the same, making it a bit bland.- Need to grind a lot to get the best shardsRecommended to buy especially now @ 35% discount."
,Recommended,425670,26073272,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,Here's a first impressions video based on the first hour of gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOcCwTyaPK4
76561197971375986,Recommended,425670,25658465,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MadLetter,"Bought the game to make a YouTube series on my channel, and so far I'm greatly enjoying it. While it is not going to blow the mind of anyone out of the window, it is very solid and great fun so far!It delivers more than plenty for the price-tag!If you want a ""blind let's play"" to take a look at the game, feel free to check it out, if it helps you to form an opinion of your own:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Y16ObNouLE"
,Recommended,425670,25652146,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,White Zero,"This game scratches an itch I've had for so long; controlled 2d pew pew. Some odd things show their heads: miracles have an odd way of switching (which is to be fixed), and the jumping/flipping animations for Seraph herself seem a bit odd, but they are easily overlooked by the amount of things Seraph does well. Very tight and responsive controls, enemy attack forecasting, and speedy combat.Dynamic difficulty (which gives sweeter loot),  lots of upgrades to craft, different miracles which change your tactics, daily challenges & leaderboards, and secondary weapons with different strengths and weaknesses.Instant recommend for me.Very well priced, even when not on sale."
,Recommended,425670,25645716,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,-=NIMH=-,Wow ok just ♥♥♥♥ing wow!! See its little bad♥♥♥♥♥groups like this that make a out standing games...These guys did a really good job on this game. I give this a 10/10 stars and 10 more cause yea!!! The game plays so fluid and feels right when you move everything about the game is awesome to the graphics to the game play! I recommend this game! well worth the asking price and pleanty of replay value that will have your♥♥♥♥♥sucked in so bad...hours will go by and you will be like wtf!!!!?? I will buy anything these guys put out in the future! get the game and stop♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around!
76561197970738041,Recommended,425670,25637486,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Batty,"I reiterate all positives from other reviews.  Game is worth more than asking price.Hi-tech, high-style metaphysical daemonic occult spirituality aesthetic is presented well.Devs are active/friendly in forum.10/10"
,Recommended,425670,25630875,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Septillion,"Dreadbit has done it again, Not only is the game looking real sleek, The game play is very smooth and highly addictive.Pros:Great funAwesome storyVisually pleasingEpic background musicCons:Too much funRecommended 10/10 ether get while on sale or pay the full price which is very cheap for fun high quality game they have created."
76561198026138231,Recommended,425670,28228984,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,robert.blane,"Bar Half Life 2, Seraph is the best game on Steam simply due to that one-more-go factor and even then one finds oneself going back to the campaign for more punishment.  Yes, this is a difficult game, but once you master the controls, you find yourself performing ballet on screen whilst shooting hordes of Daemonic scum.  Yes, very enjoyable and graphically pleasing and the work of a small but highly dedicated team who deserve all the praise they can get.  'nuff said.  96/100"
,Recommended,425670,26172037,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shadow's Eclipse,"saraph is so good... that a guy who buys bundles... and firesales... bought it at full priceIt is like if metroid, megaman, and doom had a beutiful baby."
76561198051565839,Recommended,425670,27162108,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Walter White,Fresh until two weks later.
,Recommended,425670,22844640,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheFools,"this game is fun , hard , and yeah , all limitation makes tis game greatcant wait for the full version and see full Miracle of seraph"
,Recommended,425670,25725165,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Aliandris,"Alright, changing my review.  Let's call the last one a good example of a bad day and unfortunate circumstances.The game is hard, make no mistake about that.  Even with the adaptive difficulty, it's only going to go so low, so skill matters.  It turns out farming matters too, but that aspect isn't as obvious.  It is the only reason I was able to beat the game though too.  See, turns out the materials and upgrades you get doing the weekly surivival mission carry over into your regular game.  Which means doing the weekly survival challenge becomes less optional and more mandatory.Despite that I persevered, and once I got over the equipment hump I was able to make a good show of it.  There isn't a lot of variety in the enemies, even with additional powers tacked on, but in this game that isn't a bad thing.  It gives each enemy a particular role to fill which in turn makes you feel like a badass when you blink through a mixed army laying waste to demons left right and center.Overall fun game, just make sure to jump into those challenges asap - even if you don't place highly, the rewards are necessary."
76561198163148477,Recommended,425670,25629989,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MassSpecFella,"A very fun and smooth game. Really addictive gameplay loop. Some of the systems are a bit confusing at first. Understanding what you are picking up and how to use the items is not so clear, but it works. I wish the music varied a bit more too. Fun game."
76561197981202491,Recommended,425670,25645700,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,WOW,"On the surface, this game is a great looking, casual 2D platformer/run and gun. Underneath is a surprising amount of depth and progression. Crafting, runes, talents, various weapons and abilities give this a huge amount of replay value, and deep sense of progression.I am using a Steam controller with the paddles bound to dash and jump. This makes the game controls feel like second nature after only an hour of playtime. It looks and feels like a finished game even though this is only V1.0.I am excited to see how this game will progress via future updates. Knowing the devs are active and friendly is a huge plus. The adaptive difficulty keeps things challenging and makes you want to become stronger, faster, and more skilled at the game. You can start the game at difficulty 1 or higher depending on how brave you are.Side Note: This is one of the first games I have seen that embraces the twitch streamer. There is a seperate difficulty for twitch chat to interact with the streamer and modify the gameplay in real time. There is also a UI mode that allows you to place your floating head into the game without any UI elements overlaping.Cons: No minimap or map system, so hopefully you have a good memory ;)"
,Recommended,425670,26093495,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,m0s,"Addictive, lots of action, good difficulty and nice ambience. If you like action platformers, buy it straight away."
,Recommended,425670,24259164,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tang60,"This is a really fun game to play , as you build your char you really feel like the choices you make mean  something ."
,Recommended,425670,28680636,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cyric,Surprisingly excellent and perfect.
76561198010418156,Recommended,425670,34085699,Posted: 7 August,all,wraith,Remember the beginning of matrix reloaded where trinity is diving backwards through a window while dual firing uzi'sits basically a whole game about thatfun
,Not Recommended,425670,25797270,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"This game is terrible. It's boring. Combat has fine fundamentals, but then is screwed up by certain enemies. Checkpoints before bosses lock you into battles you haven't sufficiently grinded for. At which point you have to restart the game. For more grinding.No thanks."
,Recommended,425670,22810260,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dudders,"good feel, so polish, much gameplay."
,Recommended,425670,25593565,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Grizzly_bear909,Brilliant movement and the game is great so far
,Recommended,425670,25611668,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,goyoelburro2,"Classic platformer fun with the seriousness and upgrades of an action RPG.  The upgrades themselves are interesting and varied and the action is super fast paced.  If you stand still, you die.Fun game and def worth the price!Gameplay is like Mario Brothers meets Commando."
76561198065241730,Recommended,425670,25612663,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,AurumWeaver,"It's good. You gotta be into that kind of game, it feels very different to play than any other 2D shooter out there, I believe you really must try it to understand how it plays, but it's really something nice.Now the upgrade mechanics (in their entirety, from ""crafting"" to perks upgradeable by cristals) isn't very fluid to apprehend, and seem a bit tedious and not too rewarding. The movement system could be made a little more fluid, but apart from that, it's one of the good independant games of the year,"
76561198013078836,Recommended,425670,25637900,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,TheCoolWolf,"great fun so far. the movement is extremely smooth so it feels great jumping and killing demons in style.upgrades seem fun too and you can make ""builds"" by upgrading perks and weapons that work well together"
76561198065180656,Recommended,425670,25640203,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,LoneWolf,"The game looks awesome and I wasn't able to play. My computers graphics card wasn't good enough to do so, so before you buy it, look into your system to see if you can even play it. I'm still giving this game a good review because I asked the develpers about the problem I was having and I got an answer within an hour telling me my issue. They appologized for the inconvienance even though it was my fault for not checking the requirements, but anyway it just shows how helpful the developers are. I recommend you buy it just to help the developers out, plus it's really good....or so I hear :P"
,Not Recommended,425670,33712289,Posted: 21 July,all,Turns out it's Lazemby,"Okay gameplay stapled to a somewhat dull character advancement system that probably requires dozens of hours to yield any of the 'high' end results and also the story just ends. I got about 4 hours of gameplay out of it. If there was a 'depends' option instead of a  'no' I'd give that, but in it's absence I'd more likely not recommend this game than the opposite."
,Recommended,425670,25675790,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,SpacedMonkey,A damn fine game
,Recommended,425670,25547393,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SuperLiffy,"addictive, so fun... will be spending a lot of time on this gem"
76561198072395033,Recommended,425670,25640696,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dissident,"Really fast, responsive and fun. Definitely recommended and at launch discount it's a steal."
76561198044116550,Not Recommended,425670,25737873,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jaber,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t difficulty. Way to hard boss that need grinding over and over in survival mode (that is bad by the way). Bonus for ants (10% damage for a stone that cost and arm). Boringness of the maps and the story. Gameplay way to much random and bugs all the way.Go child of light but don't try this one
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,425670,33215946,Posted: 3 July,all,FudoAkira,"This game has an interesting concept, but it doesn't really engage me. Auto-aiming could have maybe been put to better use if the levels were designed more strategically. Or it just could have been excluded for player control of aiming all the time. As it stands, there's a plot about getting released from prison and monsters warping in (which they aren't supposed to do), but I didn't really care about it enough to tolerate the boring, monotonous gameplay."
,Not Recommended,425670,26221301,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,haymo,"Boring. All the prodecurally-generated levels are very samey, and the gameplay is samey too."
,Not Recommended,425670,25761651,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tory,Take a page from doom.-----------------------In this gamehp sponge = difficultyNot in my book sorry.
76561198039406769,Recommended,425670,31920480,Posted: 23 May,all,Kagemusha,8/10
,Not Recommended,425670,25702507,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Brentmeister,"The first thing this game shows off is it's poor writing. Followed by an unbearably long ""cinematic"" piece. It's a shame that a game with with such fast gameplay starts off so slowly.Overall, the game can never quite get the pacing right. There are some pretty intense fights followed by longs spans of nothing particularly interesting.There is a ""complex"" character progression/customization system but ultimately I think it detracts from the game experience. You're min/maxing effectively for damage/health.Honestly a prime example of how doing less can make a game better. If it focused more on it's fun combat instead of trying to do everything it would probably be a really great game. As it stands now it's a mush of completely unrealized to half-way there ideas."
76561198040862959,Not Recommended,425670,24212321,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Metabeen,"This game is a scam.Tons of bugs, unbalanced mechanics, lame leaderboard.Just don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,425670,25690860,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,O4EPEDb,"This is Steam, ♥♥♥♥ers, not PSN, not XBOX live, not Origin or anything else from losers guild. WE PLAYING GAMES ON KEYS+MOUSE! not ♥♥♥♥in` gamepad. wanna make game for gamepad, sell this♥♥♥♥♥♥in console shops for console perverts."
,Recommended,425670,24503652,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Captain is kill,"I encourage you to give this a try. It's a stylish breath of fresh air and the devs seem to really care about the game's success.Initially I found myself drawn in by the frenetic gameplay that I saw in a video, and then I started to move through the progression system after which I became quite dangerous. The best part about this game for me is that it isn't about complex objectives, modding weapons, enemy strengths and weaknesses, etc. This is a game about a handful of powerful skills and staying alive. I love that.The only negative is that I don't feel the level of visual variety that I'd expect for the type of gameplay. This is early access and I look forward to eating those words."
76561197983412898,Recommended,425670,25703576,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"A very enjoyable game with cool mobility and fun progression.  However, the pacing in the game is not great.  There are several instances where the difficulty jumps significantly.  Additionally, the final boss is not even on the same spectrum of difficulty as the rest of the game.That being said, it is a fun game, and if you like side scrolling action games, you should give this one a shot."
,Recommended,425670,25663688,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,veryhappyturtle,"A wonderful and underrated game, of you have seen gameplay and think you would enjoy it its definitely worth the price. 9/10"
,Recommended,425670,30909754,Posted: 2 April,all,LowBeyonder,"I played this a fair bit when it first came out and recently picked it up again and it's an impressive action game. Animations are fluid and dynamic, with a lot of inspiration from ""Equilibrium"" for movement and shooting. Solid controls and I appreciate the auto-aiming mechanic that lets me concentrate on dodging and platforming. The character does tend to be very ""grabby"" on walls resulting in inadvertant ledge-grabs or wall climbs that can slow you down, and I've never really gotten ""lock on"" to do what I want so I generally just let the game's aiming handle it, but that works well enough anyway. (Steam controller, so it could be that the right touchpad is a little wonky for it compared to a right analog stick on something like a 360 controller.)It took me a while to really understand how the various power-ups work and interact, so I'd definitely recommend poking around the community area for a write-up if you're looking to really get into it.I LOVE the scaling difficulty system. Brilliant bit of design.I do wish levels had a minimap. The objective arrows help get through the game but if hunting through a level for something they don't highlight (for example, I found a door-opening console but died before I could get through the security door and want to get back to the console to try again) the somewhat undifferentiated level backgrounds and room layouts can make it difficult to find my way back.But that's a pretty minor quibble on an overable very enjoyable game. Recommended to anyone who likes run-and-gun action platforming."
,Recommended,425670,30913844,Posted: 2 April,all,$hattered_$teel,"Good platformer.  Thought there would be less to do with the ""attack"" portion, but you end up needing to still do a lot of work and strategy to get the job done (this is a good thing).  Your character only automatically aims, you still have to do all the rest - choosing when to shoot, which weapons to use, your positioning during attacks, not to mention your secondary attacks.  Overall good bang for the buck."
,Recommended,425670,26088525,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,wuzizname,"Fun, doesn't make you think too much. It's a game you can jump into a play for 10-15 minutes if you want. Repetitive, there are some boss fights but it's just 3-4 different level objectives repeated. Music's good."
76561198056427781,Recommended,425670,26125262,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Coal48,"-A map would help a lot-Holding down the shoot button should continuously fire semi-automatic weapons-you cannot rebind the controller joysticks, so you can only move with the left stick and not the D-pad-Bloom can't be deactivatedAside from these, the game is great, far too hard for me though, can't finish it"
76561197984965552,Recommended,425670,25660867,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TheEdIsNotAmused,"First Impression:  A simple, excelent platformer with tight mechanics, an attractive aesthetic, and loads of replay value.  Unbeatable deal at its MSRP.9/10 would be reborn again."
,Recommended,425670,25628954,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Huon23,"Very fun game! I never often played games like this because of my own terrible ability to aim.  I could jump around just fine, just was never able to hit things enough.  This game lets me finally play a badass character just shooting through demons.  It is pretty standard fare for actually playing the game, but with the music blasting in and all the action going on onscreen, you will rarely be bored.  The multiple ways to upgrade and advance your character also make you want to come back for more just to get a few more levels or shards. Very good game!"
,Recommended,425670,25629870,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"I picked this up on a whim based on the ""no aiming"" tag. As a gamer who has never had good twitch reflexes, games of this ilk have always been frustrating. This one, however... man. What a genius combo! I feel like a total bad♥♥♥♥♥diving around the screen, yet it still feels quite challenging despite having aming taken away. The dynamic difficulty really helps make sure I'm being pushed, but not punished. 8/10"
,Recommended,425670,25651603,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Grandmaster_C,"Great game, great price-point.You want to dash around the level as a gun-toting holy-person as if you're in Equilibrium?This is that game. Get it. Do it now.The gun mechanics are very nice, nice range of weapons, my favourite are the Machine Pistols, and the stock Pistols (Wich have infinite ammo).The dash mechanics are really useful for staying out of reach of enemies, dodging their attacks and getting around rapidly. Combined with the jumping, wall slides and wall jumps this makes for some great acrobatic gameplay that is honestly rather awesome.Game looks really nice also. Really on point UI and character/enemy models/animations.And the soundtrack. As a fan of Neuro and Neuro-inspired music it really appeals to me. It could maybe do with more in the way of level music but the quality of the existing music helps take your mind of its' repetitive nature."
76561198057535814,Recommended,425670,25627703,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Shuya,"I know this is going to be a short review, I'm not used to post these, but for this game I have to :Just BUY this game, you won't be disappointed, the combat feeling is awesome, although the platformer part is sometime a bit annoying (Seraph holding on everything when you're trying to dodge ahah), and the primary weapons does seem a bit useless compared to the regular ones (Especially the ammo wich deplete veeeery fast, probably because I am playing on Difficult ?), the unlockables are nice, Seraph is just badass as a character, the atmosphere and art style are gorgeous and the devs are very responsive and listen to the community and their feedbacks.This is the kind of game that remind me why I love Indie games."
76561198038830866,Recommended,425670,22657199,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Razer,Seraph is already hella good.
,Recommended,425670,22686737,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Malificarr,"Plays really well and quite fun. You spend all your time dodging instead of aiming, which is a pleasant change."
,Recommended,425670,22685778,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Valkyrax,"Really liking this game so far, quite good for an early access game. I can't wait to see the final product with all the other features and polish! :)"
,Recommended,425670,22689769,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,✪ Punky♡,"I haven't played a great deal of Early Access games/beta's/what have you, but this so far is the best!Everything feels so well put together, the gameplay is so fluid, i honestly can't get enough of this game!I've encountered next to no bugs/glitches/problems.I can only think of a few improvements, and that would be more Health and Ammo drops, the game is brutal but that only makes it better!"
76561197975161360,Not Recommended,425670,28583973,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ian,"I really wanted to like this game, but it just falls apart in the end hard.  The combat starts off kind of fun but then becomes tedious because as the scaling difficutly ramps up, every enemy becomes a bullet sponge and does a heck of a lot of damage.  The game stays tuff until the last boss, where even on the ""normal"" difficulty you die in 3 hits or so.  Whats worse, you have no way to scale the difficutly back, so basically if you did really good through most of the game then get to the last boss that is a HECK of a lot harder then anything else you have fought, you can either quit and start over or bang your head against a wall trying to get past him.  For a game that took about 3 hours to go to the end, spending more then 30 minutes fighting the same boss over and over isnt fun.  Ive always like the ninja gaiden design to boss battles, if they can kill you super fast, you can kill them super fast too, but the whole fight is challenging.  Hate to say it, but avoid this game."
76561197972512650,Recommended,425670,28440132,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,beanz,"Fun game with horrible end boss that does not reflect the playstyle of the rest of the game. Sure, it is worth playing, but it isn't worth beating, especially not with the ""ending"". That being said, I'm glad I bought it (on sale). It feels like little more than a demo for lack of content, but it also scratches a kind of itch for mindless arcade, and it's mixed with just enough RPG elements to keep the playing meaningful. Also, not punishing death harshly was a great idea, especially because some of the combat is buggy.While the music is very well done, there is a very small roster of songs that repeat, level after level. That whole inception dubsteppy distorted sound that Seraph has going for it also gets old very quickly. Softer, ambient music would probably have worked better in a game with such a small selection of songs. Eventually it all sounds like an angry robot with gastrointestinal issues.For the gameplay, Seraph has a bit of a ""New Unity Project"" feel to it. If you liked Ori and the Blind Forest, then you'll probably enjoy this game as well. Ori is superior in every way to this game, so if you have to choose between the two, I'm sure you'll make the right decision (but I think it's worth getting Seraph after). The gameplay is old school arcade repetition - same enemies over and over again, grind grind grind. As mentioned above, enemies occasionally seem to bug out, and auto-aiming seems to prioritize the wrong things at times.I use an xbone controller, which works well. The character seems responsive, and the animations are fluid. The only really annoying feature with the controls is related to the character unintentionally autograbbing ledges or walls, which messes up the whole ""acrobatic"" dodging. This isn't a dealbreaker, but it feels like a half-working feature.The story is interesting, but could have been more engaging had it had voice acting, or an animated cut scene, or an actual ending. By the time you've finished your first playthrough, you might find yourself wondering as to the point of reading all the diaries and dialogues - they ultimately come across as lost potential for something really engaging. You don't need a huge studio budget to hook us on a story either, Binding of isaac reveals almost no story, but there is so much compelling subtext there that a story eventually reveals itself. In comparison seraph lacks hits us on the nose with the story and then ends without giving us much of a reason to care.Finally, the replayability features of this short game are...okay. The online challenges are a nice touch, as are the options to start at higher diffuculties. The procedural maps are mostly fine, although having more variability between levels would have been nicer (eg. secret rooms, special items, mini bosses with rewards). It's ultimately a mindless grind fest - so if that is what you are looking for, then here it is for you."
,Recommended,425670,33392013,Posted: 8 July,all,limelight1210,"It's a fun side scrolling run n gun shooter but the multiple upgrade systems within the game are way too convoluted. Shards (which you combine 3 to make a better shard, etc, etc, up to a max 5th level) but the highest shard still gives measly upgrades.Then you have to collect  multiple machine parts to upgrade weapons. Even these upgrade feel weak too.I had a hard time on the last boss so I went back and blasted through the game again to get more shards which in the end it wasn't really worth it, (you select new game and you keep all of your shard but start back at level 1- another thing you get to level up with orbs across the game which will increase only your life bar and nothing else it seems).The graphics are ok and while most of the levels have the ""samey"" drab look to them the soundtrack is really nice and ambient.Buy it on a deep discount though."
76561197974561928,Recommended,425670,33413460,Posted: 9 July,all,Sines,"While this game is relatively simplistic, having a small number of enemies and weapons, no real terrain variation, and an interesting but not enthralling story, what is in the game is done to near perfection.Having your character auto-aim may sound like a crutch, but it's actually a really clever feature allowing you to focus on your movement. You'll jump, dash, run and do whatever is necessary to keep out of enemy fire, while still allowing yourself good shots. Weapons do still have recoil and accuracy issues, which means that while you'll always aim at enemies just fine, you may need to use all that time dedicated to movement to get as close as possible to your enemies when using the SMG or Shotgun, or if you want to go full-auto on your Rifle, rather than just burst-fire. You'll also want to line up penetrating shots and your non-automatically aimed spells.Honestly, it's hard to say a lot about this game, because there honestly isn't that much too it. It's just all really well done and balanced. However, I do have to register one complaint about the game. Ascension is part of the gameplay progression loop, wherein you restart your progress in the game but with some boosts to base stats. The big issue here is that the currency used for ascending and the currency used for upgrading your equipment and spells is the same. As such, you're discouraged from upgrading much of your arsenal and each Ascension I felt ""I'll be using this primary weapon and these two spells.""Still, if you're not obsessive compulsive, you can easily get your moneys worth without ever ascending. After 60 hours, I managed to get all 5 Ascensions in for a 'whopping' +15% Health and Damage boost compared to an unascended character with the same gear. I'd highly recommend the game if you just want some simplistic but engaging combat. It kept me busy for quite a while, especially for it's low price."
76561198038200703,Recommended,425670,33300408,Posted: 5 July,all,Valishan,"Really enjoyable action-platformer. The combat is fun and the game is short enough (3~4 hours) that it doesn't feel repetitive. There's a lot of customization to your character (at least on the first run; later runs will eventually max out certain areas), and you can change a lot of your build later if you don't like some of your choices. The challenges offer some extra playtime as well. There's also a Rebirth system to soft-reset-with-benefits, if you decide to go that deep.Definitely a game that deserves more attention that it's gotten."
,Recommended,425670,33856793,Posted: 28 July,all,miezkatz,"The premise of Seraph is as unique as the game itself. It's a 2D platform shooter with an emphasis on acrobatic platforming while aiming is done automatically. Jumping and dashing through the levels is so satisfying that the game gets away with its otherwise repetitive gameplay and grindy upgrade system.Playing as the Divine being Seraph occupying a human vessel, the player is confronted with the task to escape a facility specifically constructed to hold her captive. On the way out, she is confronted with enemy Daemons and only a select arsenal of guns and Miracles at her disposal. The story is rather plain, revolving around religious subjects and a few foreseeable plot developments. The dialogue and notes that can be found throughout the levels are well written in a semi-archaic language and fit the overall theme of the game. Clearly though, the gameplay is at the heart of the game.There are five different areas, consisting of a few procedurally generated levels each, that have a very clean look to them. Alongside the sober composition of the levels, impulsive industrial music and electronic sound effects contribute to the overarching futuristic design. Seraph adeptly fuses sci-fi indications with spiritual motifs.The controls are basic and can be internalised immediately. Simply navigating through the areas is already inherently fun because the look and feel for jumping and dashing is spot on. Seraph does cartwheels in mid-air, graciously leaps in any direction or holds on to walls all the while shooting Daemons. This allows, even requests, for a verticality in the levels that would otherwise be more disruptive than fun. Dodging and killing enemies raises the difficulty scale and provides new attacks to the Daemons after certain thresholds have been reached. That's why learning to read the tells, knowing when to cast which Miracle and a bit of movement practice is crucial to get to higher difficulty levels.Caution though, Seraph can be a grindfest, designed to be played over and over again. In order to max out Rebirth levels, Oaths and Transmutations, soft resets, repeated replays and daily and weekly challenges are essential. Additionally, the selection of Daemons to fight, including only two bosses, is extremely small. Nevertheless, Seraph is perfectly enjoyable and can be completely played through without any meta progression.Seraph is one of a kind. The gameplay alone is already worth a try, despite its repetitiveness and optional grind."
,Recommended,425670,34156541,Posted: 10 August,all,BoxDroppingManApe,"I love it when I stumble onto little gems like this.Good:It's a very responsive side-scrolling action game.There's a very interesting and unique story to it.It looks great in action.There's an adaptive difficulty system that I'm surprised isn't in more games.There's a permadeath survival mode, which I always like.The speccing system leads to some interesting builds.Bad:The story and lore go in interesting directions, but it doesn't deliver any payoff for anything. Probably setting up for a sequel.You can see the ""twist"" coming from 3.5 miles away.A bit glitchy even almost a year after release. Enemy AI freezes up sometimes, and I've fallen outside of bounds twice.The adaptive difficulty doesn't really live up to its potential - the difficulty doesn't get lowered elegantly.The randomly-generated maps get a bit repetitive, with there only being 3 types of basic map."
,Recommended,425670,35037145,Posted: 17 September,all,MeMosh,"Ok lets make this quick.Pros:+Cool combat, really action packed, felt like a badass.+Excelent control scheme, really helps keep the combat flowing with minimum readjusting of fingers.+Decent enemy tier system provides variety and challenge.+Good sense of progression from crafting systems (specially weapons and skills).+Fair priceCons:-Starting difficulty feels either too easy or too tough, although hard difficulty on a fresh game is viable once you learn the mechanics.-Variety in general is poor, enemies, level tilesets, levels in general, weapons, and so on.-Some of the plataforming could use a little polish, its very easy to hit a small piece of ceiling/floor that pops out (your character sticks to walls) and get killed, really breaks the flow.-You can't go through thin platforms from the bottom or from the top pressing down+jump, like in most plataformers.-A lot of the upgrades aren't worth it, +3% this +6% that, this really dampens the sense of progression.At the end of the day, its a funand cheap game, recommended."
76561198061676986,Recommended,425670,35308676,Posted: 29 September,all,AraFin,I only thumbs up for the best games on steam and this is a great game!
