user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,426000,22245347,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,cee,"I'm sorry about giving this a thumbs down, but I'm just so disappointed by this game. I might try again and go for some achievements, but I'm pretty close to uninstalling right now. I sincerely hope there are updates that will improve gameplay because I hate leaving a negative review.I wasn't Huniepop's target audience (at all), but it was fun and fresh and funny. I love management sims, and I like the progression of clicker games, so I expected to enjoy this, but it's just boring. It goes nowhere. It's so quick and shallow that it feels pointless. They're calling it fast-paced in the description, but being brief, dull, and repetitive doesn't measure up. There are no real gains to restarting, so why bother?I have no idea how it took so long to release either. I almost feel as though I'm missing a huge part of the game. After a few minutes of playing, I was like, is this it? (The 'Is it in yet?' response of gaming). There was potential, but it completely misses the mark. It's more like a free flash game. Sticking an adult industry theme on top doesn't make it any more interesting.I had no problems with the artwork changing, and I wasn't expecting Huniepop 2. I was looking forward to something new. But I'm not even sure what kind of game to call this one. It's not a good clicker without a restart that gets some kind of bonus to get further/do better the next round (the clothes/hair unlocks could give better stats, for example). It's not a good management game because you don't get to do a lot other than dragging girls onto a task or holding down a button to get your money faster. Even the achievements are uninspired.Huniecam isn't long enough to really care about, and there's extremely little of the humour I expected, and even less of the voice acting. At this time, I can't recommend, and that's so disappointing because I was ridiculously hyped for this game's release."
76561198158309410,Not Recommended,426000,22241137,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"HuniePop was a perfect guilty pleasure - silly, yet funny, perfect to unwind and challenging at the same time, surprisingly enjoyable and satisfying to play.HunieCam is just boring. I know there were some discussions about art style, but this isn't what bothers me. There's really no substance in this game. It's not a good time management either. It feels rushed and too fast paced, to the point where it feels like a chore rather than fun experience. Worth to play only out of curiosity, nothing more."
76561198396827869,Recommended,426000,32714970,Posted: 24 June,all,chubbyslut,my god this is the most ADDICTIVE game I've played.When I first started playing I was like ''meh'' but within 20 minutes I was hooked without even realizing and eventually had hit 3 hours of playtime non-stop.This was a STEAL for $1 during the steam summer sale. Get on this ASAP!
,Not Recommended,426000,22328239,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Akira Otoishi,"While I very much enjoyed HuniePop, I thought that going into HunieCam Studio that I would absolutely love it- especially as a fan of games like Adventure Capitalist and Cookie Clicker. But I found out by playing it just how barebones the gameplay feels. In the game your goal is to get as many fans as you possibly can to earn trophies- but you earn trophies in the first 21 days of the game, everything after that has no point or reward. Sure, the girls are creative and seeing some of my favorites from HuniePop was entertaining but overall besides the upgrades ( which I maxed out in only 40 or so in-game days ) and the 18 diffrent girls there isn't much else to this game. You drag a girl to 1 of 7 buildings, click or wait for time to run out, and then drag her to a different building all while managing addictions and stress levels. But other than different addictions ( to alcohol or cigarettes ) all the girls are basically the same- with no prefrences.I cannot, in good faith, recommend this game despite the fact I love these developers. I just wish there was more put into this to make it a better micromanagement game then click and drag. It was not difficult and I really didn't feel like I was ever working to a higher goal. I was basically done with everything the game had to offer in the first hour of gameplay and the rest is filler while you unlock upgrades that don't feel like rewards at all.  I'm surprised free games like Adventure Capitalist kept me more entertained than a game I paid about $7 for, so overall a major disappointment."
,Recommended,426000,29286656,Posted: 15 January,all,Risu,I need to play more to judge it properly
,Recommended,426000,23790003,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tom,"Okay, let’s get this one out there. HunieCam Studio is a management s(t)imulator where you are in charge of your own web cam girl company. The game was released in April 2016 being both developed and published by HuniePot Studios.Whilst many will snigger and laugh at the thought of this game, and I will be honest I brought it purely for a joke but when I started to play I found myself becoming horribly addicted to the game play. The game uses a lot of “clicker” mechanics from other popular games such as ClickerHeroes and Cookie Clicker, but also adds in a large amount of management elements too. You hire models to work for your company and you can use them to carry out certain tasks. The tasks consist of shopping which results in getting more style points, going to a strip club to learn how to pole dance, which rewards entertainment points, doing a camera shoot to get yourself more fans, running errands at the shops by collecting booze and cigs, spending the night in a sleazy hotel (doing you know what), obviously you’ll spend a lot of time in the cam studios “performing” , and after all those busy tasks you can reward your girls with spending a day at the spa to relax. All of these tasks take time to complete, and time is a very limited thing you get in HunieCam Studio; you have a 21 day limit in order to get as many fans as possible; you can continue to play after the 21 days, you just don’t get any rewards for it.The management side of this game is very in depth as you have to match up a lot of things in order to be successful, such as promoting your studio enough to more fans, making sure your staff get paid on time, investing money into improving your company, inventory management, and making sure your models are treated properly. It can actually get really hectic and you’ll often find there are just not enough hours in a day to get everything done.Graphically the game uses a really nice art style, character sprites are nicely designed and presented, thankfully there is nothing too crude shown throughout. Like the store page says “The sexual themes in this game are mostly for fun/humour and don't make for particularly great fapping material.”  The game’s UI could be improved a lot as you find there is a lot of information you need to see at any one time and it can often be a faff in order to get to it.I found the game to be rather challenging, you can easily get to the 21 days and still only have a handful of fans of your studio, and you really have to min/max your company in order to reach full potential. This required reading guides and wiki pages for the game as it is extremely in depth. There is plenty of replay ability and not to mention the addictive game play nature really bodes well for the game. I have been playing for just over six hours and honesty can easily see me playing for another six hours before I grow bored of what is on offer.Apart from the UI issues, the game don’t have any other glaring technical problems other than you can’t play the game in a higher resolution than 1080p – but this is only an issue for a small minority right now I suppose.Most people will look at this game and simply not purchase it out of fear of embarrassment or find the subject matter unsavoury. That’s fine and it’s complete up to you, but the game doesn’t show too much crude content, the most you see is maybe a “toy”, the actual game play and game play elements are really top notch and this is probably one of the best management games on the market today.  For £4.99 this game is well worth it and I can highly recommend it too.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghereand checking out theTeamTom Review sitehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/426000"
76561198127160121,Recommended,426000,22635258,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,PeanutJeagermanjansen,-Started a job as a pimp-Made girls work for you-Got some fans with 'Cake Fart' fetish-Those fans actually helped me making money-Fans want to meet with the girls personally-Sent girls to a motel-All of them got AIDS-Got fired because i ran into a debtThen i came home and played Huniecam StudioIt was pretty good game i must say 9/10
,Recommended,426000,22307666,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,AmberCutie,"As an actual Cam Girl, I was intrigued by the subject matter of the game. I am also a fan of this style of game though I have only played a small handful of time management and clicker games. Both things considered, I figured I'd enjoy it.I've got to go ahead and say, a LOT of fellow Cam Girls are highly offended by the over-the-top negative stereotypes that are portrayed in the game. The addiction and STD themes, especially, but also calling the fans ""disgusting"". The vibe of the game lends to the stigma that only girls who have made ""poor life choices"" and dirty/addicted/desperate people participate in the cam world. Hopefully people can appreciate the satire of it and not actually believe that's the reality of the industry, even though there are some ""sleazy"" studio operations out there...That being said, I thought this game was fun. I've played through 3 times in order to beat previous scores and get tokens for wardrobe/hairstyle upgrades. I don't think it will be a long-lasting sort of fun, but it's enjoyable to pass the time if you're in the mood to boss cartoon chicks around and click buildings."
,Not Recommended,426000,22255618,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"HunieCam Studio is a fairly short clicker management parody game. Your first playthrough should last just over 2 and a half hours, but achievements and the desire to beat your high score can increase the replay value. It would take 4-5 games to unlock all the achievements. The game comes with a fully voiced acted tutorial and many cam girls that all have responses when you click or drag them around. The art is consistent and gives it a mobile game type of vibe.I'm really not sure what to think of this game. The first hour seems okay and it has its jokes, but the end is just a frantic rush to make money which isn't that interesting. I just drag all my employees to the Cam Studio building over and over and over again until they build up enough stress for me to drag them to the Day Spa building to help them chill. Then I just drag them to Cam Studio again. That’s not exactly compelling gameplay. There’s a giant lack of depth, even when compared to money hungry F2P mobile games. Many of those are good until you hit the progression wall. The jokes don’t even last for this game. It just turns into an empty experience for the second half. Then you see the phallic trophy at the end when you win and listen to Kyu for a bit.The game has a meta-progression with cosmetics for your ladies. You earn tokens based on performance for purchasing hairstyles and clothes in the main menu. You can unlock pictures if you grab all the cosmetics for a character. The art is not meant for titillation, but they’ll be in suggestive poses.I will say that I do appreciate the click and hold function to make sure my fingers don't break. I wouldn't want to actually click that much. Some of the achievements can change how you play. The late game is always the same in every session. Cam Studio, Day Spa, buy Promos, repeat.HuniePop had some real meat to it with its solid match-3 gameplay and dating sim aspect. This title falls a bit short and definitely feels like something produced in-between real projects. I don't see much of a reason to play it more than twice. Or even more than once unless you're a completionist. I managed 3 playthroughs, but that was to see what the game had to offer.I wouldn’t recommend this game. Go buy HuniePop instead if you want a parody pervy experience with some real gameplay."
76561198210564723,Recommended,426000,32450541,Posted: 15 June,all,milk,realized im gay 10/10
,Not Recommended,426000,22294735,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Goosies Moosies,"As the hours of play suggest, I really really wanted to enjoy HunieCam. In a way, I did, but at the end of every play through it felt hollow.If this game had new modes after meeting high scores--new characters, new setting, new challenges, that would have made repeating the same 21 days over again more tolerable. As it is it's just the same very short game played several times with little variation. The hard mode option doesn't add new challenges, it just makes things more expensive, so it isn't really a satisfactory solution.The game feels unfinished, especially compared to its fun, content-rich predecessor. If this were a 1-2$ mobile app the scantness of the gameplay and replay value would be somewhat understandable, but to be honest, tons of free phone apps have kept my attention longer, so even that valuation might be a stretch.The pros are that this is a visually appealing game, even if the art style isn't to everyone's taste (and I did prefer the older style, but this one is fine too). It has the potential to be fun, but if this is all it's ever going to be then it's a serious let down.If updates are on the table, consider giving the characters more personality--those of us who played HuniePop already know some of them, but others are only given brief descriptors and voice over acting. Maybe instead of a character recruiting people, you do the recruiting--some kind of mini game to convince girls to work for you. Considering the draw of the game is, mostly, the characters, I think they should have more to do than be portraits with one-liners and fetish fan counts.This game would benefit tremendously from having more things to do. Sitting and holding the mouse button down (or clicking) on a building quickly loses its intrigue when there isn't any other gameplay element to break up the monotony. You are working toward a goal, sure, but you also know that at the end of the 21 days your efforts will have accomplished little more than giving you wardrobe tokens and a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy, so the motivation is somewhat dubious. Mini-games, character interaction and more, better, unlockables would make a massive difference."
,Not Recommended,426000,22274468,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Username5550123,"I want to first say that if you are looking for a HuniePop 2, this is not it.I did not expect much from this game, from what I was seeing before release it looked like a low quality clicker game that you would find on facebook or an app store. Despite my low expectations I was hoping the game would be more intuitive and/or creative then it looked. I am sad to say I was wrong.This game completely lacks everything that HuniePop had, which was fun writing, creative characters, and entertaining yet challenging game play. It instead gives us a fast paced, depersonalized, and tedious clicker game that's over so quickly you never get a chance enjoy it. I am very disappointed that the same studio that gave us HuniePop felt that this was in some way the right step forward for them.You are better off saving your $7.TL;DR: A facebook quality clicker game that you can beat in under 2 hours with no real incentive to replay."
,Not Recommended,426000,22282738,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,She Scream,"Well, the game is what it pretty much promised from the beginning: A facebook-like time sinking tycoon. It plays well. It has great mechanics. What it lacks... is kinda everything else.The game is about 2 hours long, give or take. There's zero replay value, unless you want to unlock everything like the achievements. If you don't want achievements, all you get is different hairstyles and clothing that do nothing.The new girls are really cute, I admit it. But they have no personality aside from flavor text and a few voiced lines. I really wish they got more. Speaking of characters... the special girls from the main game are missing. Sad times, considering Celeste is my favourite.The game's humor is... questionable. Yeah, we're all getting a laugh out of cake farting. But there's incredibly offensive stuff in it as well. Then again, we all expected that. Just putting that warning here for anyone who doesn't know. But aside from the cake farting, nothing is funny so don't come in expecting Huniepop's humor.It's a fun time sink, and I'm going to 100% it. But it's not worth $7. It's worth $5 at max, though if I had known it was like this I would have only paid $3 or so if I could choose my own price. Hopefully Huniepot either adds more or lowers the price. Then I'll come back and change my review."
,Not Recommended,426000,22242465,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,m o n o,"I'm going to be honest straight away: This ""review"" is going to be biased and a bit salty, so be aware of this.Obviously, I am going to compare this game to HuniePop although, quite frankly, the two games have far less in common than we all hoped for and I assume that the Dev intended it to not be compared to HuniePop. But I am also the kind of fan that wanted a ""HuniePop 2.0"" and I am not talking about the Match-3 Element.Keep in mind that I played this game for over an hour so I havent really ""experienced"" the entire game, but if you know HuniePop, I can assure you that this game doesnt have long introduction either and I feel like after almost 2 hours of game time I can at least share my opinion about why I do not want to keep this game in my steam libary in its current state.My general complaints:- 1. **Art Style**This one is the obvious complaint but I was willing to accept the ""chibi"" comic look at first if it was working with the overall concept and style of the game. Honestly, the art*style* didnt really bother me too much although it is nowhere near as good as the HuniePop style. Much more am I bothered about the *lack* of art within the game. Which brings me to my actual main complaint:- 2. **Lack of Personality**The game lacks what made HuniePop great. You no longer connect with the girls. This was made obvious from the game concept at first glance, yes, but there is an absolute lack of personality from all the girls. The only difference I noticed was the two starting traits (""fetishes"") each girls has and, well, the unlockable outfits and hairstyles. But due to the various items, you can basically turn any girl into the same fetish with the exception of their base traits. No girl will refuse getting forced into Bondage, Anal, Water Sports, Furry or Squirting (which is a selection of fetishes that you can apply to your girls by buying certain items). There is no like or dislike meter for each girl. Essentially, the only things that also varies are the ""base stats"" as in attractiveness and talent, the asked pay and the ""addictions"".Also, did I mention that Nikki suddenly has DD breasts? Just another thing that takes away from the likeable girl-personality of the first game.It seemed to me that there were no collectable splash arts or artworks as in the first game. I might have not been in the game far enough but I feel like if after 2 hours of playtime (and I did try to go for a fast-pace playthrough as the tutorial somewhat recommended) you still have no indication of a reward (other than the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies""), then there is a huge lack of motivation for the player. As far as I can tell, you get to see nothing of neither the photoshoots nor the cam shows. This, of course, might be an end-game element, I cannot tell. But the fact that it is missing completely in the early game makes this a big negative point for me.- 3. **High Stress**The last mentioned new feature ""addictions"" is an added element that forcefully increases the difficulty of the game. This is far less a ""management"" game nor is it a ""girl collectathon"" as it is a clicking simulator (think Cookie Clicker). In order to stay on top of your payments and the requests of your girls, you are asked to click on the various buildings to collect and speed up certain actions. And I felt like I nearly broke my mouse. The overall speed of the game is incredibly fast for my personal taste. There is no down time to relax and enjoy your achievements or you will quickly run out of money. Alternatively, you *can* play the game slow but then you will be able to only sustain a small amount of girls, you will make positive progress far slower and you have the constant worry of not making the deadline that is mentioned in the beginning of the game. Overall the game seemed too hectic for me.- 4. **Management Elements**Yes, this is a Cam Studio Manager, of course there are going to be management elements. But those that I am presented with are neither deep nor utterly exciting. I was accepting the shallow modifier options in HuniePop because the game offered more depth in the personality of each of the characters and hence gameplay depth wasnt as important. But this game removed the connection between the player and the girls and therefore I wished a more strategical gameplay element would have been added instead. But nope, your options are pretty limited. I do have to give credit for the ""escort"" service, even though I wasn't a fan of it in my moral view. You get the option to risk STDs for a faster money gathering service. STDs can either be a mild annoyance or, as I experienced it in the game, render a girl completely useless. Permanent STDs that affect pay and status of a girl will be devastating and you definitely want to prevent being reckless and prepare accordingly by buying condoms and medicine. But the time pressure mentioned above makes this almost impossible if you want to pursue an effective business. This could raise moral questions and start some deep discussions but honestly, I, as a HuniePop fan felt like it ruined the fun of the game. Because the game expects you to ditch all your morals and just ""go for it"" but then the one girl that you *connect* with and train to your likings catches a perm. STD and suddenly becomes compeltely useless to your business. Welp.I do have a few positive points that I want to mention:The music is great, not as good as HuniePop but still on a similar level. The voice actresses seemed to be consistent with the previous game and the reappearance of the characters was a welcome element.  Also the art style of the items and menues seemed just as good and intuitive and the game is generally easy to understand.But yes, I felt like this game was a huge disappointment even though I already came in with lower expectations. It's not expensive, but then again, it's still not worth the money if you ask me."
,Not Recommended,426000,22269365,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ajan,"Sadly, this game was nothing what i expected.It is, as many others have said, a clicker game with some touches.The game is interesting for half an hour, then it goes down from there. After that you have seen it all, and the only thing you are waiting for is to reach the end-date (the game ends after a certain ammount of in-game days spent).Its mechanics are shallow, and the equipment and STD-effects are pretty unbalanced. Some of the upgrades are even pointless.Unlike some of the good clicker games out there, this game has almost no replay value. When ""prestiging"" you get some coin to unlock costumes for the girls. They are merly cosmetical and give you no bonus.I was hoping this game to be some kind of mix between Lula and Life Quest, but sadly it isnt.TL;DR:  :-("
,Recommended,426000,29347346,Posted: 18 January,all,UnfriendlyGhost,11/10 would disappoint my parents again.
,Not Recommended,426000,23814686,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LubedWaffle,"HuniePop was a game that pleasently surprised me with its simple but effective puzzle gameplay and self aware humour. Does HunnieCam Studio capture that same charm?In short: NoLets talk about the gameplay first. This game is just clicking, draging, and holding down the mouse button. Once you get into a rhythm of how to manage your business , I feel like I'm just mindlessly performing these actions. The game is just boring and frustrating, and feels like a free to play browser game. There really isn't any depth to the gameplay that makes me want to continue playing.Lets talk about the humour that was ever so present in HunniePop. It is to be expected that this game would have that same charm, right? Well it kinda does, but it's only really in the tutorial. At least it was kinda nice seeing the characters from the first game.Overall, I feel like this game could have been more. It could have passed as a free to play game, but I just feel like I was tricked into buying this dull clicking simulator based on the name alone. If you haven't already, I recommend playing HuniePop instead as it is a fairly enjoyable puzzle game with plenty of humour and charm that can give you some laughs. Hopefully the devs make a better followup in the future."
,Not Recommended,426000,22271740,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,YukoValis,"I really wanted to like this game...  I loved Huniepop,  I like time management and clicker games.  I've played dozens of each type, both clean and naughty.  Why.. why did this game have to be so shallow, and poorly made?It isn't even the art that bugs me, which is something I see a lot of people having issue with.  The art is ok, it isn't as good as huniepop, but it isn't that bad.The issues are as follows1: No personality.  All the girls are more or less the same, with no voice work save for the tired lines of ""task complete""  No one has likes or hates, and you can pretty much do or give anything to them with no objection.  There is no variation besides numbers and starting kinks.2: The gameplay is a boring grind.  You move a girl to one of the various buildings and wait until she is done unless you click on the building a bunch of times.  You can do this hundreds of times for each girl, just click and drag, then do it some more.. then more..  getting nothing in return besides stats.3: Time limit.  At first I was rather upset at there being a time limit, but by half way through it I was so bored I was begging for the time limit to end.  It is still an issue.4: Last but sure as heck not least is the lack of variety and small touches.  If you I gave the straight lace school girl Tiffany drugs and told her to get busy in a cheap motel, she will do it and cheerfully say ""complete"" when done.  All the girls are just the same,  nothing happens inbetween days,  nothing changes on the map screen,  just the tired grinding until you hit 21 days.All in all I've seen better free flash games that I find online.  The game isn't sexy or funny or worth your time.  I am sad that this game will get a lot of money because they made a previous title which was good."
76561198208946363,Recommended,426000,30302349,Posted: 3 March,all,SaturnInTheSky,If you play this game you are just admitting to how dead you are inside.
,Recommended,426000,22243945,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Triggerfisk,"Picked Tiffany to start with because she's my favorite from Huniepop.'Rented' her out at a sleazy motel just once.She caught an uncurable STD which basically left her broken and worthless :(Kept her around to run errands for the other girls, feeling bad for her the entire time.She never let go of her cheerful attitude.10/10, what an emotional rollercoaster."
,Recommended,426000,23489774,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,thöjtt.kriime.org/lol,perfect for breaks from conquering europe
,Recommended,426000,22239122,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,It's a clicker game where you pimp out girls to cam (to make money) and take sexy photos (to make fans) and make sure you have enough booze and smokes for them so they don't get stressed out.It's probably one of the most well polished clicker games on steam though.
76561198044231166,Not Recommended,426000,22294648,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Snow,"To be honest I'm kind of dissapointed in this game. Granted I knew it was going to be like any other game that you could play on your phone or on facebook. Because this is what it is, you have to try and get a crap ton of fans and the money you accumilate doesn't matter to much in all honesty except for when you have to pay the girls. You get 21 days to try and get the diamond or plat medal. You don't get to have any nicely drawn pictures of the girls unless it's a loading screen at the end. You do get to change the girls' clothings and hair choice however you have to gain coins at the end of the game which is given to you by the medal you recieve. Gotta say though this game is kind of addicting if your a completionist that wants to try and get the highest medal along with all the clothes and hair choices for all girls."
,Not Recommended,426000,22259959,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,kupo,"Please note, this review is intended for people coming from HuniepopArt:good:  The art is decent for DeviantArt level of work and the girls look cute or sleazy or however they need to look.bad:  This has been a big controversy since the first piece of art was released and everyone saw the new direction of the art style.  Regardless of the behind the scenes drama, it was a step in the wrong direction.  Either way, the art is meaningless to the core of the game as the only time you really see any of it is when you acidentally click on the girl's icon instead of draggingMusic:good:  it's pretty well produced like most games of this genre.bad:  it's repetitive and gets boring since you're only really looking at one screen the entire time.  I muted it my first hour in.Writing:good:  there's some writing in therebad:  if you're coming from huniepop, you're expecting each character to have some development or depth and understand their story a little bit.  in this game, there is no development or understanding of the character unless you look at the girl's bio.  you (as the main character) have very little interaction with anyone other than tutorials and the ending which basically goes, ""THANKS FOR PLAYING!"".  I am not joking when I say there is no dialogue (other than tutorials) and the sound clip of when a girl is ready or is assigned for a task (""Okay, I'm ready!"")Story:good:  the girls have biosbad:  THERE IS NO STORY BESIDES THAT, PERIOD.  okay, so you are in charge of a ring of cam girls.  now what?  oh, that's it?  oh, she got the clap.  how does she feel about this?  oh, she won't cam because she's embarassed.  damn.  I'm all about making up a story in your head as you go along (see Sunless Sea) but there's no substance to do this here.Gameplay:good:  this is actually one of the best clicker games I've ever played.  there is a lot to keep you going and quite a bit of management and skill to balancing time, money, resources, etc... A+bad:  this is the tricky part.  the game aspect of this I had no problem with but coming out of huniepop, I had thought I was walking into great comedy mixed with good gameplay.  you could have made this game about anything and had it more of an entertaining experience.  this is the key: this is the followup to a game that was more known for it's edgy/sexy humor than it's fun puzzles.  as great as the clicker style gameplay was, I was finished with the game altogether once I easily obtained the needed fans to get the highest trophy (this took me 2 attempts.. no joke).  also, the fact that it basically went, ""YOU WIN! THANKS FOR PLAYING!  YOU CAN CONTINUE FOR FUN IF YOU WANT,"" made me want to do nothing more than turn the game off.Replay:good:  you can unlock alternate clothes and hair for the characters you barely see and most of them are well designed.bad:  there is no replay once you beat the game.  it encourages you to basically♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Overall:I was genuinely excited for this game at the initial announcement and discussed it with a few of my friends who also liked the game.  Once the details came out little by little, I became skeptical but positive.  Once the game releases and I saw reviews, I got excited again until I got home and played it.  Seriously Huniepot, you forgot the most important parts of what made Huniepop so great.  In all honesty, the art, even though I was on the fence about it, is good... it's just not what most people were thinking they were walking into.... but how could you forget the comedy and edge that made the first game so good?  Seriously, you could have just re-released the first game with new art and a different story with the same core and people would have been happy.Good alternative to this game:If you want a good time management game with great story, check out Sunrider Academy.  It's not known for comedy but the story is solid and funny at times while the core gameplay is quite challenging.  It's on Steam and it's worth every penny."
76561197997678124,Recommended,426000,22520772,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,fragkitten,"My review is more of a sideways thumb than an up thumb. I recommend that IF you buy this game, you do so on sale.Fingerblasting, D!ck Trophies, and Sexually Transmitted Diseases(STDs)! What's not to like, right? ....Right!?!?Let me start by saying I like this game. My biggest problem was with the length(that's what she said). Feels weird to complain about game length on a title such as this, but I just really wanted a bit more meat(giggity).I had fun hiring cam models and putting them to work. I didn't even really mind the micromanagement of their activities.I was just really bummed that the game is over after 21 days. Sure, you can keep playing for fun but you can no longer earn the little coins they give you to unlock cosmetic variations for the ladies.Hopefully in the future they will add some DLC with new game modes or 'content'. For now though, it's hard to want to play beyond the initial 21 days if I'm not working towards anything."
76561198147640386,Recommended,426000,30107587,Posted: 22 February,all,Chen,"You can hide this game of your library by right clicking and selecting ""set categories""."
,Not Recommended,426000,22431361,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,FrightenedMuffin,"HunieCam Studio is rather adequate for a game, both gameplay and lore-wise.First of all, story and lore wise, this game takes place XX years after the first Hunie game, HuniePop. Here, the player is now  someone who has to run a cam girl industry whilst focusing on getting fans, which is pretty much important if the player wants to get the most valuable phallic trophy. It's one of the most tycoon-based stories you could get.Character-wise, however, the HuniePot devs decided to massively change everything up entirely. Audrey is now a drug addict, Aiko ends up becoming a B-cup, despite HuniePop announcing that she had D-cups, and Nikki has suddenly become everyone's favourite character due to her massive mammaries. But, due to the game focusing more on the gameplay rather than the characters, every ounce of personality that the original characters had from the first game is pretty much removed, save for some quirky quips and the short backstories given to them after XX years from HuniePop.Gameplay-wise, it acts extraordinarily like, as everyone else has said, a Facebook or mobile game. After playing for a while, it acts very similar to Cookie Clicker due to its repetition, Sakura Clicker because of context (both involve boobs), and any other game that has a hard mode included. I understand that the HuniePot devs were trying to change the gameplay styles for each game that they try to make, but, after a while, it gets quite boring due to not much else about the game being changed, except for the recently added in 'Rock Hard Mode,' which only makes it harder because every cam girl in the game has their payroll tripled in price, making it less 'hard' and more 'trying-to-use-your-brain-to-save-money-because-everyone-suddenly-costs-$16-per-hour hard.'Let's be honest here, self-deprecating developers of this game, the target demographic of your games are those who care less for the gameplay and more for the lewd materials provided by your artists. The only reasons these games get sold so easily is because of high-end Youtubers like Markiplier, ProJared and JackSepticEye, and because fans of the previous game think that this one will also be successful.In my opinion, it would be nice if the devs of this game were to try something new, such as challenges for those who have already acquired the trophies, such as, as an example, 'Classic Mode' which only uses the characters from the previous game. It would add a fun little change in a game that gets about as dull as joining an actual tycoon business.Now if you want to play HunieCam Studios, go right ahead. The price is alright for those with very little change in their account, and, if you actually like trying to support the developers of these games, then sure. It's only the supposed lack of excitement produced from this game after playing it the first couple of times that makes this game lose the wow factor.Overall, it's just alright, nothing more or less. I have only made this review despite my inadequate amount of time playing it and my lack of achievements for the sake that this review reaches out to the developers who realise that, if anything, this game has only served to be bittersweet; it's gotten good sales, but some of the reviews are rather scathing and suggest improvements for the game."
,Not Recommended,426000,22403890,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,RorschachDM,"This game isn't the best thing in the world. It's essentially a sex cam themed clicker game. It has a few interesting bits, but at the price point I would stray away. Wait until a 50% off sale, or 25% off, and you'll be in the money. It's easy to spend a lot of time in the game if you are trying to optimize or are just bored. It's pretty mind numbing.Overall: The game IS fun, but at this price I wouldn't recommend it unless you are a fan of clicker games."
76561198009001099,Not Recommended,426000,22348099,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jenteal,"It's a good game for what it is and the cost.Pros: Easy, Addicting, Time Sink...wait are these pros?Cons: I dislike how the games starts over after 21 days. I think continuing the same game and having new goals after a certain time period would be much better. It would be funny if their were cut scenes of the girls caming and other activities ralted to game play."
,Recommended,426000,28553359,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,E.E. (Peary),"Contrary to the outrage, it's a damn fun game.I can see what HunieDude tried to do here - he probably wanted to make a complimentary side-game which would have infinite replayability.If HuniePop was Super Mario 64, then this is Mario Party.HP2 is in the works anyway, so there's no need to panic."
76561198024908605,Not Recommended,426000,22296366,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dipe,"What can I say?I like this type of games, where you earn money and then spend money to earn more)))But, as for me this game cost very expensive. 6.5 bucks for game which you can play for 1.5 hour? It ridiculous!As for me, this game should cost between 2-2.5 bucks, but not more.Don't buy this game now. If you really want to play, in this case you should wait until sales or when the developers will add longer story or something like that."
,Recommended,426000,22670097,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Squexy,"When trying to get the ""Gotta Catch 'Em All"" achievement, I think I was the first person to ever yell ""YES I GOT HER AIDS!"""
,Recommended,426000,32860125,Posted: 27 June,all,Cholera,This game turned my pupils into hearts and now I'm slowly going blind.9.5/10
,Recommended,426000,32650691,Posted: 22 June,all,"Genm, Master of the Games","Great little time killer if you have an hour and a half that you don't know what to do with. The game is very simple and provides enough waifu bait to drool over. If you played Huniepop, there isn't any special art outside of what you see between load screens. The main cast from Huniepop carries over to this game, sad because I would have loved if the four unlockable characters from the previous game were included, as well as a good handful of new characters. Some of the new characters honestly feel like redesigns of characters from Huniepop but bring enough new stuff to their personalities and looks that it's forgivable. I highly recommend this if you want a game to just kill some time playing, especially if it's on sale for a good price.I mean as someone who has 84 hours on this game I should totally be the one to trust on this :       ^)"
76561198097957271,Recommended,426000,29272377,Posted: 15 January,all,Texas Bloodmoney,"Allright, let's check the facts:Cons:- The ""story mode"" only takes around 3 hours to complete- It only takes 25-40 hours to unlock all achievementsPros:+ Sweet grafics+ Nice atmosphere+ really addictive+ Unlockable bonus content+ A quite nice game to kill some timeI highly recommend the game and enjoyed it a lot. Would buy again."
,Recommended,426000,22633912,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Callsign Megumin,-Get girls hooked on coke-Make them work 2x faster10/10 IGN for realism
,Recommended,426000,33478511,Posted: 12 July,all,Blyatknight,"""Disappoint your parents"""
,Recommended,426000,31175319,Posted: 16 April,all,Aoi,"I'm ashamed to admit how delightful this is. I was wrong about HuniePop, and I'm now wrong about HunieCam. Both games are more enjoyable than they have any right to be. My first studio absolutely dominated the scene with chubby furries. Towards the end, I hired a real mouthy skinny girl who got the sole task of collecting booze and smokes for my chubby bunnies, which amused me to no end.Would exploit again~"
,Recommended,426000,22725773,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,upd🌀g,"With this revolutionary advancement in gaming technology, you will now possess the power to disappoint both your family and your fellow weebs simultaneously. Never before has shaming your ancestors been so simple and addictive. Not even your harem of Monster Musume body pillows will be able to look you directly in the eye.On the plus side, you'll also be able to plaster your Steam profile with boner trophies.13 and a half rapples."
76561197994634102,Not Recommended,426000,22241361,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,aminal,"This game lacks the most important aspect for any game, a rewarding finish. Sure the♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy's are fun and you can buy outfits  for girls, but where are the nudes or the panties I bejelwed my♥♥♥♥♥off for in huniepop?As clicker games go this one is up there, but that's about it. Ifyou're expecting anything more out of it you're going to be really dissapointed."
,Recommended,426000,22509925,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Fernando Kamui,"This is why I'm still single.Yet, the game is great.Also, don't buy it if you want a quick fap."
,Recommended,426000,22404556,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Cyndi,Didn't get to see boobiesMadoka was really mean to me.My favorite girl got herpsBut I still had a great time finger blasting.
76561198257953284,Not Recommended,426000,22295778,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,QQQQQQQQQQQQQQ,Did not enjoy this game at all. It is just a clicking game that you play over and over for higher score. The character development was very weak too. Still looking forward for Huniepop 2. This is just a huge dissapointment.
,Recommended,426000,22278418,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DominoPivot,"While those expecting another HuniePop were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the lack of porn and dialogue, I feel like the developpers warned us about this a long time ago during development: the only thing in common would be the characters and the sexual theme. Nobody would complain about Mario Kart not being a platformer - it's just a Mario-themed kart game. Well this is just a HuniePop-themed management game. And a good one too.If there's one thing that makes me bored when playing management games, it's all the waiting. Clicker games tried fixing this by keeping the player occupied by mashing on something, but it gets boring very quickly. HunieCam makes you hold the mouse button over a building to speed up the girls inside it, but if you see yourself spending a few minutes doing the same thing again and again, you're playing it wrong.In fact, this game shares something I love with HuniePop: there are multiple layers of micromanagement. You have to try and put all the girls in the same building so you can speed them all up at once, but you'll need to increase the building capacity for that. You have to make sure not all your girls get tired at the same time or you won't be able to make them work and they can't all rest at once. You can invest your money now, but if you don't have enough money to pay the girls at the end of the day, your accounts will go red. Some girls will drink or smoke so you'll have to buy supplies, but you don't want to send your best camgirl to a store while she could be winning you more money. This also affects which girls you might pick, as well as their beginning stats. Sure, a girl with low stats will need to be trained later on, but at least she charges cheap. Fetishes influence the core decisions you should make: if only teens release free photoshoots, your MILF camgirls won't be popular enough - but if you train all your MILFs to be good at photoshooting, they'll want a better pay rate. You're better off having a teen that's only good at paid camshows and one that's only good at photoshoots - she'll gain fans for both of them. But then something else about that girl might gain popularity so you'll need another camgirl with that aspect... I already wrote a paragraph and I haven't talked about all the features that can be optimized, and that's what I like about the game. It seems very trivial at a glance, but working out the best strategy requires thinking. Just like HuniePop looked like your average match-3 puzzle but was much more!Off course, the game isn't very generous on content, so if you're not as interested by the theme and multitasking games, you probably won't play it for too long. A few games, maybe. Or if on the contrary, you're too good for the game, you might beat the hardest mode in a few attempts. Luckily, the devs have already added an even harder mode, so the game won't lack a challenge."
,Not Recommended,426000,22275619,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Cthulhuhoop,"When I first played this game, I had a complete blast, I was recommending it to all my friends, but once I beat my game and found that I couldn't do anything more. I felt a little robbed.I spent $7 on a game that lasted 2 hours, with little to no replayability. With the original Huniepop I felt as though the game brought a challenge, in addition to having tens of hours worth of gameplay.Some people dislike the art style, where I think that it is fine, isn't as nice as the older game in my opinion, but it is decent. And to be honest beyond that, I don't mind this game being a clicker, I really enjoy the gameplay, but the issue is that it is short.TL;DRGood gameplay, but only 2 hours worth of story, not worth the money.5/10"
,Recommended,426000,33146258,Posted: 2 July,all,Red,Boobs
76561198095732813,Not Recommended,426000,25390385,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,viper1806,"I liked Huniepop, so I was interested to pick this one up as a sort of continuation. But this isn't really what i thought of when I thought of a successor, it's basically a clicker game with some management elements. Sure the girls are pretty but really you'll play it a few times then forget it and find something else.It's not a BAD game, it's just disappointing, and I can't recommend it to anyone"
,Recommended,426000,26621108,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kafreaka,"I bought this game because I was a big fan of HuniePop and I use to be a camgirl. I was glad to see a lot of the same characters from HuniePop in HunieCam. Now, this game is pretty fun for a game where you basically drag and click stuff, not too much brain power is needed (if any). It can get a bit repetive but it's 7 bucks, not really expecting an open world rpg here. I honestly wish camming was as easy as in the game, but sadly we live in reality. I will say the hotel/escort part is a little weird and sad for my liking (nothing kills your mood like one of your employees getting HIV), also if you are going in expecting nudity, there isn't, just lots of ladies in underwear. It's a cute and fun game overall. Out of 10 I'd give it a 7.5."
,Not Recommended,426000,28712334,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos",-only if you're desperate for a management sim-This is a casual time/management sim not a clicker/idle game. Unlike Huniepop there's no cartoon kinky stuff or story here.Game feels repetative and not quite entertaining. It's functional and no trash but that's about everything.If you value your time you can skip this. Only buy to support the studio I guess.
,Not Recommended,426000,22269218,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,VRipper,"Let's get down to brass tacks. It doesn't offer enough variety to remain interesting after the second or third playthrough.Now don't get me wrong, the game isn't bad by any stretch, I've certainly seen worse. For a mobile game, it's actually pretty damn good; for a Steam release however... Eeeh, not so much. You're going to do a lot of the same thing over and over again, and it gets old real quick."
76561197966142439,Not Recommended,426000,24079198,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Valdius,"I liked the HuniePop game by the same makers, so I though this was a safe bet for $5. Turns out I was wrong. It's pretty much a drag and drop game of the type you'd see, for free, on thousands of sites on the net. That it's an ""adult cam"" game with no nudity at all is just silly. The promised ""humor value"" to justify the sexuality also utterly fails to appear, actually managing to be depressing in that regard instead(like throwing incurable STDs at girls). Even as a management game if fails, as it provides too little to actually manage. Mostly it's just a matter of how fast you can drag and click. That's it.Conclusion: This game has virtually no value what-so-ever, don't buy it."
,Recommended,426000,29284765,Posted: 15 January,all,daniboy,I'm trash and this game is exactly what I needed.
,Recommended,426000,22544749,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,LitTwix,You buy girls. You make girls work for 2 days with no sleep. You sell girls. This sounds like slavery.
,Not Recommended,426000,22243756,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TCG,"I LOVED HuniePop and still do to this day. This game was made by the same people and when they announced this game I was excited! However, after playing it for roughly an hour, I was so bored to death and didn't find the game fun.First off, the presentation is really weird. I do like the new design, but at the same time it's just really odd. The characters look way too childish for an adult game and look really weird especially compared to the original HuniePop art style. The voice acting is amazing though just like the original game, but the look? Can't say so much.Second, the gameplay. I didn't expect it to be anything like HuniePop outside of the humor and characters, but this game is SO BORING. It's a clicker game where you manage cam girls to raise money and what not. Seems okay right? Not really... The game is sadly really tedious and repetitive and even feels RNG based at times. I played through 4 save files and failed all of them within the first four in-game days. Some girls are just way better than others causing you to get really crappy ones and the game never tells you what are the best strategies. They just say ""get ♥♥♥♥♥es, get money, or your fired"". To me that's just lame. There's almost no fair chance of getting a successful week going without playing the game over and over and I REALLY don't feel like doing that.Lastly, the music and voice acting. I loved HuniePop's voice acting and soundtrack. They were both excellent. This game is pretty much lacking in that. Kyu is as sassy as ever and still does her role extremely well. Sadly all the other girls don't do that great of a job. Saying the same lines over and over and some of the returning HuniePop characters feel out of place in the game. As for music, it's very forgettable. Nothing too much to say about it.Pros:+Returning Characters+Cute Design+Great concept+Easy controlsCons:-Out of place characters-Boring gameplay-Unmemorable music-Feels way too RNG and luck based at times-Tedious as all hell-Feels rushedFinal Rating:4.5/10I sadly can't recommend this disappointment known as HunieCam Studio. Maybe next time HuniePot."
76561197964342785,Not Recommended,426000,22328533,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,khachik2003,"what the hell is this?I loved Huniepop and bought this day one.  What I got was a dumb facebook clicker game with zero racy ANYTHING, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ artwork, and zero personality.  Short, boring, tedious, and a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,426000,22244906,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,"New Player, Be Nice","My Impression:Played HuniePop a lot and thoroughly enjoyed the match3 aspect with a naughty side. I followed the development of HunieCam Studio and was excited to play this. When it was released, I felt kind of disappointed. I thought this game would be a lot more in depth than it actually is. It's just a clicker game with some management options. It has an arcade style replay value of trying to beat your old high scores.Positive:+ Detailed characters with good voice acting and descriptions+ Cool idea, wish more games went in this direction+ Funny+ Steam trading cardsNegatives:- Artwork (I was on the fence before the game was released, but prefer the old artwork). The characters look very child-like and do not fit the adult theme of the game- There isn't even that much artwork, most of it you see in the beginning of the game and doesn't add replay value- Clicker game that gets repetitive and boring pretty quickly- Because the game gets pretty boring quickly, I think thepriceis a bit high. This should be priced like a mobile game since it's close to being one. I'd say get this at 50% off or above.- Games pretty easy, I have 14/16 achievements- Was hoping for more things to control, but really the game kind of runs its self- Replay value seems low, you get to unlock costumes as a replay value, but most of the costumes/hairstyles were already in HuniePop, so nothing new to work for- Sound is okay, but like the rest of the game gets a bit repetitive- Has an empty feeling to it compared to HuniePopBelow Average Game:4/10I don't recommend the game because the negatives outweigh the positives. I didn't not recommend this because of the art or because of the lack of ""fapping"" material. I've played about 6 hours of this game so far, and will probably play 1 or 2 more 21 day sets to try to get the remaining achievements. Other than that, probably won't touch the game ever again.Probably should have been a mobile port."
,Recommended,426000,32565179,Posted: 19 June,all,Dinosaur 2.0,"I actually quite enjoy this game, I usually just play it when im ill though, so take that how you will (it passes the time)"
,Not Recommended,426000,22275365,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ragna,"BAD ,BAD,BAD game.That´s hard from a guy who loved huniepop.Looks like a mobile game .Man I´m sad , everything is wrong with this game , and everything was right with huniepop.I´m confused.Did the same group make both games?Don´t know if there is still time, but this game demands a refund.Make huniepop 2 and I will forgive you for this SIN!!"
,Recommended,426000,28363032,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jojo,"I bought this game as I had enjoyed HuniePop. The art style has changed from the previous game but I actually like it a lot more. It's very cute and colourful. There isn't any nudity in this game, rather some cute ladies in their underwear.It's visually very pleasing and the interface is easy and I didn't encounter any glitches so it plays like a dream.The voice acting is fun and you won't have to mute it if you are playing in a area with others like I have had to do in the past with HuniePop.The premise is very simple, this is a management game. Click and drag women onto buildings, get money, get fans. Despite the overall simplicity of the game I have clocked up over 15 hours in it trying to get all the achievements. It's a great time waster but can be a bit repetitive at times.Now, this game is based on sex work which can be a bit of a dark subject. Now I felt a bit bad giving my girls Cocaine but not nearly as bad as when I gave them chlamydia and aids. Best to take some of the subject matter with a grain of salt as it is intended as a parody. The girls are all based off of different porn tropes and fashion trends and aren't intended to be taken seriously.Can a women enjoy this game? Absolutely! I found it very addictive and fu"
76561198239534934,Not Recommended,426000,22242199,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,hjalsayegh,"The game is cute with a quirky sense of humor. It's a .... errrrr escort tease service simulator.It has a few problems, you can't fire any of the girls even if she can no longer work (With me, my most expensive girl got AIDS and now refused to do anything, she just gets paid everyday while sitting depressed....), once you send in someone to shop or recruit then you HAVE to pick something from options you have. you can't cancel it to try again, you can't go to the next page of options. no firsts pick something from page one then you can see the next page, which actually limits your options.As is the game needs some fine-toning, even then it's pretty plain... well polished but still rather plain, it needs a little something to keep you interested. As is I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,426000,25757970,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Quite different from HuniePop, but I really enjoyed playing this one! It isn’t supposed to be a sequel, even tho the HP girls are present. At first I thought that the art style and gameplay were too different for my personal taste, but honestly, this game grows on you. The soundtrack is pretty cool (plus it’s a free dlc!), and the art style fits the story. I loved the new girls too (Sarah is such a cutie pie), and I hope to see all of them in another game from these devs.8/10, enjoy the cake farting."
,Recommended,426000,22240420,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,t'Guile,"A clicker gamestyle where it's pretty slow until you hit 5+ girls. Once you unlock sleazy motel, girls can become unusable because of STDs like hepatitis, HIV, AIDS. CGs are unlocked after each playthrough whereby you obtain ""wardrobe tokens"", purchasing all of a girls wardrobe unlocks a lewd cg. Dunno if there's multiple.New artstyle is kinda meh, original huniepop was better.Pretty fun, especially the fastpaced endgame of girls. Need a few more playthroughs to kinda 100% understand it, the style/fashion stats increase girls $/hour costs and before you unlock sleazy motel having just 1 girl of 32+$ will put you into debt..The achievements are pretty challenging compared to the first huniepop, I got the majority of those on my first runthrough but it seems a lot of planning/guides will be needed other than just running the same formula on playthroughs.EDIT: I finished another playthrough:Style stat increases a girls amount of fans generated from a photoshoot, which becomes worthless after the first few days when promo's become unlocked.Talent stat increases a girls cash generated from a camshow, which you should have as 5 for each girl in end game.Each trophy awards a higher amount of wardrobe coins.Each playthrough of the game is 2 hours, the game runs by an ingame clock so you can't take your time (other than pausing)."
76561197986548932,Not Recommended,426000,23833560,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fyre,One of the most boring and tedious games I've ever played. The humor is barely there and there's maybe 30 lines of voice acting if even that and that's the sole redeeming quality of the game- Kyu still gets a chuckle. The management strategy is as deep as puddle. The replayability is fairly low since you'll do the most optimal strategy every time (which I figured out in 15 minutes and so could you.) The whole experience left me wanting my time back.
,Recommended,426000,32710854,Posted: 23 June,all,Chloe,"For a 1.79$ game, this one is over-expectation"
,Recommended,426000,32870261,Posted: 27 June,all,Kero ღ,"I proudly bought this game and will never have regrets.Best girl is Aiko.Half of my girls have aids, herps, or something from their escorting adventures, but those are the ones who aren't worth jack  and are only good for stocking up on ciggs and liquor for my addictors who make mad money, which I think accurately sums up this game."
76561198075014997,Recommended,426000,24462770,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kimball,"Ahh, HunieCamStudio, a game combining my two favorite things; Anime Girls and Capitalism. A solid wank, 10/10."
,Not Recommended,426000,22272014,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,DoomPatrol85,"It's like HuniePop if they removed the good art style, the nudity, and the rewards. Then replace it all with boring game play mechanics, make it into a facebook mobile game, and forget to add a leaderboard. Really don't waste your money or time on this and if you do waste your money, go get the huniecam trainer which just does everything for you so you can get all the achievements withen an hour and still qualify for Steams Refund Policy."
76561198079335824,Recommended,426000,22351470,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"HunieCam StudioFirst of all I would like to point out that, THIS game is not for everyone and not to every ones taste's, and its also RATED M. Whether you agree or not its very much true.This is a Clicker, simulation, strategy type game with some comedy elements thrown in, as a lovely friend had best described to me thank you skull ;). The store page tells a much better story and what you see is what you get, and to me its all done with in reasonable taste and  NOT be taken so seriously, I find it quite funny actually and nothing more, IT IS AFTER ALL JUST a GAME. There is no nude pictures { maybe other than the Achievements you can earn, BUT they are harmless and they look like very nice charming frogs with no legs to me, so again harmless, I feel no shame. :) }  and also nothing of a  violent nature in this game.The wardrobe outfits that I have seen so far, look lovely and very tastefully done, after all this is a game about a modeling studio and photo shoots, and models wear lovely designer cloths again no rudeness, its all very appropriate and tasteful in my opinion, you don't even see the girls while doing a game run only their face's, unless you check there stats and add accessories YES some are kinky and some are not .I wont go into details on game play, to much for me to type. :PGame is harmless fun and not to be abused in any way shape or form. This game is suitable for both Male and Female players if you like clicker strategy type games, and you should not feel no shame if you have this game, and enjoy playing it, as I very much do. :) We have a right to our opinions,while I DON'T encourage nor support this type behavior ""Escorting"" in real life, always stay safe and wise Protection is very important!, it is apart of this game as well.The game has 16 achievements, to keep you on your toes and lovely trading cards. The badges are even lovely and tasteful as well. I'll be getting me that badge eventually, and maybe even the foil if its a nice 1 too.:)I wont comment on the price as I have purchased 3 copy's as 1 was  for a great trade that was offered to me.All I will say is that I am enjoying this game, I'm having my giggle. I'm over looking what others may perceive as perverted and disgraceful regarding this game, there are far worse games out there than this 1, LIKE say Sakura Clicker Free to play { which is not my cup of tea }, and there are plenty games with violence and killing people in them, they just pixels and nothing more. So please don't take these games so seriously, and behave appropriately in the real world as well okPLEASE don't judge me over this game. I feel no shame its just that a game. I'm running a modeling agency with in the game and the main focus is to get as many fans as possible with in 21 days, using different Technics to acquire the cash and fans, while having  fun and a giggle. Again this game is not to Everyone's tastes OK"
,Recommended,426000,31875368,Posted: 20 May,all,Letwilight,"As a Female, I aprove Of this game. :yay:"
,Not Recommended,426000,22275875,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Oralom,"It's an okay game. Not a lot to it. Pretty sure I've played a game like this on Newgrounds ages ago that had more content. Oh, well. Easy way to collect achievements, I guess."
,Recommended,426000,31112677,Posted: 13 April,all,aestheticc,"This is a fun and challenging game based in the business tycoon genre. But please, for the love of god, do not make your girls escort. I was having fun until one of my girls got back from an escort only to read her new description. ""Tiffany is too depressed to do anything, she has AIDS. INCURABLE""To say the least, it just made me too sad to play the game. So have fun, but don't give your girls AIDS."
,Recommended,426000,29681704,Posted: 3 February,all,Awesome Enterprises,"On my first playthrough I sent a couple of the webcam girls on escort missions, and they both came back with STDs. I had to send two of the less attractive webcam girls to the store for DAYS before they finally found some anti-biotics to clear that up.I love this game, so funny, so much dark humor, so satisfying to get the unlocks and achievements."
,Recommended,426000,22572152,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,F3,My top girl caught AIDs and now all she does is sit around smoking and drinking.Tragic.
,Recommended,426000,23837024,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,guy fieri,what am i doing with my life
76561198087875448,Recommended,426000,32805993,Posted: 26 June,all,G Morningstar,"Really addictive gameplay that keeps you on your toes and cramps your trigger finger xDThe art style is good and there is a good diversity of girls to employ.I would suggest to the not so hardcore players to use a clicker to avoid getting tired from ""finger blasting"" the sh*t out of your hand and mouse. Overall a great game to own with good replay ability.  9/10"
76561198006555408,Recommended,426000,33771020,Posted: 24 July,all,NickNitro,It's a nice management game.lots of replayabilitythe game is actually quite difficult to get a good scorei recommend it if it's on sale
,Not Recommended,426000,22247793,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kynereth,"Incredibly shallow gameplay. Not entertaining due to monotonous, mobile-game-like functionality. Huge disappointment."
,Not Recommended,426000,22418995,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ezio from Statefarm,"No hentai, 3/10"
76561198041565318,Not Recommended,426000,25419367,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Alphamule,"Terrible game. All of the amusement is worn out in the first play through. I bought the game because other reviews were saying it is a great management game, it's not. Very dull, not challenging, no replay value (I played through 4 times to make sure there wasn't some fun aspect of the game that I was missing, do such thing found and the 3rd and 4th times were near torture.)Why not, I'll explain the game.Your goal is to get as many fans as possible in the time alloted without being bankrupt for more than 1 day.How do you get more fans? 2, argueably 3 ways.1) buy them by advertising on random websites for a fee. The number of fans, and the cost to get them, goes up as the game progresses. I believe that it is based on the number of fans that you already have.2) Send your girls to do a photo shoot. You do not earn any money from this, just fans, and then you have to pay the girl for her time. There is a set amount of fans you can get this way and even with the modifiers that you can get it is pretty pointless to do this beyond the first 7 days or so, as you earn far more from spending that money on advertisements.3) You can buy an item from the store, except the items available from the store are random so you will need to go back several times. This item (subscribe pillow) will give you a fraction of the fans that they would get from the photo shoot while they are out making money. Again, this amount is basically irrelevant.So the whole point of the game is, in reality, to get as many fans as you can in the first 5-7 days through photoshoots then buy buy buy fans till the end. If repetetive tasks sound like fun to you, go ahead and buy. Otherwise, the game is a waste of your time."
,Recommended,426000,24549068,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,A-Rolf Hitler,"Once you get past the fact that it is NOT HuniePop, this game is super fun and super addicting. It's not a game to fap to, but it is still pretty funny and witty at times like HuniePop is. After you recieve the Diamond Trophy, there's not much else to do, other than going full on Achievement Hunter on it. But for what it's priced at, it is a pretty fun little game. I would recommend buying this one, even at full price."
76561198135866080,Recommended,426000,30692665,Posted: 23 March,all,El_Darith,"Huniepop for me was an addicting and amazing game for both it's complex gameplay and engaging characters that just popped out at you brimming with charm and witty dialogue.Huniecam follows in it's footsteps by keeping the gameplay standards as high as ever by making this a fun game for both casual and hardcore players, (I've gotten every achievment but still haven't gotten the highest grade reward on Hard mode yet. If you want to be a completionist about this game like I do; be ready to master every mechanic in order to do so).The downside is pretty obvious; the characters lack their personalities and charm they had in Huniepop. The dialogue is very limited and even the artstyle makes it very hard to relate to the characters. So if you want an awesome game; then I say go for this as you will be spending hours with it; especially if you intend to beat Hard mode. But if you want a game like Huniepop that's both awesome in gameplay and personality; then I would not suggest this one. The devs are working on a sequel to Huniepop schedueled for some time around 2018 though; so you can look forward to that as I am at least."
76561198032785118,Recommended,426000,30850070,Posted: 31 March,all,Valmet,"The final acheivement is being a ""dissapointment to your parents"""
76561198173434314,Recommended,426000,23882416,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,EverhartAN16,"Even as a woman, I freaking love this game. The replay value is good even though the actual game challenge only lasts for 21 days in-game (roughly 1-2 hours of real life time, lost forever in a blur of depravity). I've slowly been able to get more and more fans every time I play and I definitely like the unlocking of new wardrobe items after every round.Yes, this is a point and click game, but who gives a care, it freaking rocks. It's like a black hole time machine, where time is lost so fast and you don't give any *****. There is definitely an art to making money and gaining fans...at least if you are doing it right!Get it while it's on sale, definitely worth the value. Very interesting and risque tycoon game. You will be entertained. Maybe addicted? Shame! :)"
,Recommended,426000,22765917,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tigris,"Honestly, I am not a HUGE fan of these types of games...but hell this is amazing. I've owned it for a few days and it's really freaking addicting. I just keep thinking, ""Woah, I'm enjoying being a pimp...cool!"" xDAnyway, I'm a female and I love this game so they're doing something right xD haha"
76561198077063794,Not Recommended,426000,28171017,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"You know and I know why people played Huniepop. Take that away, and all you're left with is a distinctly average micromanagement game that loses all novelty after an hour."
,Recommended,426000,31900286,Posted: 22 May,all,Zyddie,"So i finally got to play this game after it have been sitting in my library for a long time.This little game is rather odd and yet great, yea sure you control cam girls but the true gem in this game is the humour.You have to deal with everything from the girls addictions, STD´s and men´s kinks and we all know there is plenty of those to go around.The game is rather simple and rather addictive, you start with 1 girl here you go, go nuts and make your empire, you only have 21 days but afterwards you can always continue in a sort of forever mode.The game is different worth the 7 dollars it costs ^_^So all in all it is a great little game to mess with for a few hours of laugh."
76561198110043646,Not Recommended,426000,22350250,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,TheLoneGamer,"Do not waste your time trying to even buy this game it's honestly the most boring clicker game I have ever played even though the art style may look a bit kiddie-ish it's still something to not even waste your money and time just buy something else instead like the first game, HuniePop."
76561198042288672,Recommended,426000,33623153,Posted: 17 July,all,DoubleG,"I didn't know what I was getting into when I bought this game, but since it was on sale I decided to take a chance. What did I get? A steal. That's what I got. A bona-fide steal. My $1.74 was money well spent, and I was quite entertained. But what is HunieCam Studio you might ask? The best way I can put it, is HunieCam Studio is a business management sim disguised as a pervert simulator. This game is tame. There's no nudity, and only a few loading screens that I'd rate as Pg-13. The subject matter is a little twisted, since you're dealing with the adult cam industry and prostitution, but nothing too in depth or explicit is to be found here.What you'll find mostly, is a fun little business simulator, with a bit of kinky humor, that is challenging without being impossible. There are 18 achievements, and they are all obtainable with a little time and effort. So if you want to perfect a game, and have a good time doing it, this is your jam.I rate this game 9101035 cake farting fetishes out of 9997015 cake farting fetishes."
,Not Recommended,426000,22801866,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Neon Sheep,Gameplay that never expands beyond the tutorial. No real mechanics. Dull even by clicker standards.
,Recommended,426000,22243062,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MasterLeoTheInvincible,It truly IS a single-player game.
,Recommended,426000,24607776,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mythiex,"I give this a 10/10 since I have scarred the people in my home.Screaming "" WHY WONT YOU GET AIDS"""
,Recommended,426000,30594801,Posted: 18 March,all,Mister Patches,Can't dance with AIDS.11/10
76561198204452032,Not Recommended,426000,30859411,Posted: 31 March,all,KuuNik⎝('◁')⎠,i wanted nudes goddammit
76561198044735557,Not Recommended,426000,22465026,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DrTomT18,We deserve better than this
,Not Recommended,426000,22243955,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,magicgirlallison,"Well, it got me a 24 hour ban on Twitch - so there's that!But no, that's not why I don't recommend it.I enjoy resource management and business sim games well enough, but this one is very shallow in terms of gameplay. It just gets real old, real quick. There doesn't seem to be and real tiers to advance or goals to strive for. There's not much to graduate to and so I felt disinterested in continuing once I started actually making money in the game. After about an hour, I'd seen everything the game had to offer."
,Not Recommended,426000,28084802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,techn1ciaN-A1-,"TL;DR: It's a point-and-click business management game akin to anything that you could find on, say, Kongregate for free but carries the Hunie name, has some sexual elements, and costs $7 (at full price, luckily I got it half off so it wasn't too much of a money sink)* it doesn't innovate at all on the point & click manager simulation genre, and certainly isn't worth $7 over what you could find for free* it doesn't have any nudity or other next-step sexual elements (read: you can't jerk off to it), and again isn't worth $7 over what can be found for free online* it requires virtually no brainpower and can be beat absolutely effortlessly after like three runs, negating replay value & implying a ridiculous cost per hour even when bought on saleUnlike the original HuniePop, which had at least some plot depth and innovation on the crowded match-3 genre (plus a nude patch for those buying for that purpose), this is literally a flash game that slapped on some sexual elements and used the Hunie name to justify $7."
,Recommended,426000,27239202,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lizard,I just didn't know the game is about naked girls
,Not Recommended,426000,22244386,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,StalKermit,I expected more management sim and less clicking sim. Too much clicking and holding for my tastes.
76561197993620258,Not Recommended,426000,23920210,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Captain Hooch,"Despite the positive reviews the game is overall so boring I doubt that it could even get away with being a freemium mobile title.I'm absolutely requesting a refund for this one. Don't believe the positive reviews this is one of the most boring and dull games I've ever seen. It offers 90 minutes of the most grueling idly clicking on stuff experience I've ever had with little to no player engagement and an over simplified to the point of brain rotting experience for the business/tycoon game genre.In short, avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,426000,22292526,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dead dad™,"It hurts a lot to give this a thumbs down. I'm a die hard fan of the original huniepop with over 40 hours of game play and I'm still planning on replaying it more.To be honest when this was announced I was not thrilled. Obviously I was hoping for a Huniepop 2, WHICH IS KNOW THIS IS NOT IT.Now before I go into it, I KNOW THIS WAS NOT MADE AS A SEQUAL OR ADVERTISED AS ONE. I'M REVIEWING THIS BASED ON THIS AND MY EXPIRENCE WITH CLICKER GAMES.FOR THE LAST TIME I KNOW THIS IS NOT OR NEVER WAS GOING TO BE HUNIEPOP2I'M REVIEWING THIS GAME BASED ON THIS GAMEA really short, fairly boring clicker game in which clicking is just holding down the mouse button.The appeal of this game flew right out the window when the trailer came out, because of the art style, they don't look similar at all. My sweet waifu Audrey is cute but it's not her, not to mention the only thing she says is ""Can I be done yet?"" And after the 60th time it's not endiring anymore.I played through 5 times to unlock every achievments and even that was short lived. There are so little achievments and I was dreading having to restart each time. Now that I have every single one, even the little desire I had to play this game is gone completly. I will probably never play this ever again and uninstall it.Also don't let my play time fool you, I probably have only about 5 or 6 actual hours of game play to complete it (I left it on in the background and forgot about it because it got THAT boring)The fact that you get the ""special photos"" of the girls in the loading screen is bad enough but theres nothing in the game to keep me going, now new levels, areas, like take some tips from diner dash which I've been playing for 10 years and still love to this day.I'm so unsatisfied and unfufiled in this game. It's a huge let down.Only thing is Sarah is my new waifu, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I love her. She's the only reason I played this game for 6 miserable hours. ♥♥♥♥."
76561198100367372,Recommended,426000,29735229,Posted: 5 February,all,Beau,"HunieCam Studio was a title that had a lot to live up to. How can you follow up one of the biggest breakout hits that completely redefined the genre?Huniecam Studio is not Huniepop!, and that's the first thing you have to understand going in. The characters may be familiar, but everything else is a different entity.For what HunieCam is, it's a great title. It's a management sim where you are the owner of a group of camgirls, and you are working your way to creating your own sexy empire. The mechanics are solid, the art style is cute, and the soundtrack is very well suited to the game.HunieCam studio was a polarizing game, but likely only because of the shadow that it fell in. Come into it looking for a stand-alone experience, and you're going to enjoy a fun game."
,Recommended,426000,22316888,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jax,"I don't know why some people mistake this game for an incremental game, it totally isn't.It's not even a casual game.This is an arcade game where you manage your ""employees"" in a way that will give you the most profit, failure to do so, can result in a game over. Managing consists of dragging character avatars to buildings you want them to use, and waiting or holding your mouse button on the building to speed up the process. You have 21 days to achieve the highest score possible, after that you can continue playing, but to be honest I don't see the reason to do so, other than learning a bit more about the game so you can make a bigger score on your next playthrough.After 21 days your ""accomplishments"" are evaluated, and you receive tokens which can be used to unlock hairstyles and clothing. As far as I know, they don't serve any other purpose than cosmetic.Overall I think it's a fun game, which I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,426000,24640632,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SlowHam,"It's good for a clicker game.  I don't like the new art style but the one they use is okay.I mean c'mon, what are you expecting exactly?  It's a clicker game."
,Not Recommended,426000,23100396,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,redlind,"Is that all in the game? Like, really?Even in my 6 hour of gameplay, I couldn't fully enjoy it like I enjoyed every second of HuniePop.."
,Recommended,426000,33293350,Posted: 5 July,all,BMO,"always wanted to be a pimp. thank you internet, thank you huniepot team. 10/10 would bang again"
76561197998654958,Not Recommended,426000,28515191,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Faith,"Not a big fan of the art style, and the entire gameplay is just a clicker basically, but the main reason I'm disappointed with it is that it actually had the potential to be a fun game if it hadn't been so shallow and limited. Huniepop kept my interest for a long time, HCS I don't really have any interest to play again after opening it twice."
,Not Recommended,426000,22245350,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Knight-hart,This is probably the most boring Facebook game ever made.
,Not Recommended,426000,22282917,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,BillTheBobCat,"The game is just awful in every conceivable way.The art is awfulThe gameplay is repetitive.The girls have no personality at all. Every girl from the first game loses anything interesting about them and turns into a ♥♥♥♥♥ ""just because.""The game is finished in less than two two hours. After you finish the game you unlcok new outfits and hairstyles for the girls. The unlocks are completely pointless since they don't affect gameplay at all and the art is still terrible.0/10. Go play Sakura Clicker instead."
,Recommended,426000,34644048,Posted: 31 August,all,Yung BBC,"HunieCam Studio is a new take on the “business tycoon/ management” genre. As the game begins, you are reluctantly given control of a “sleazy cam girl operation” by the owner (who just so happens to be the love fairy Kyu from HuniePop). The goal of the game is quite simple: generate as many fans as possible in the limited amount of time given, without going bankrupt in the process. The game features a number of different outfits – more than 140 to be exact – lots of promotional options to get the cam studio off the ground, as well as a number of kinky accessories to increase viewership. Players will also have to battle against evil STDs such as chlamydia, syphilis and gonorrhea. It’s like a perverse, dumpster♥♥♥♥♥♥sibling of Diner Dash. Overall incredible game 10/10 definitely worth the $6.99!"
,Recommended,426000,22243720,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,KillaChaos,"HunieCam is a time management strategy game.If you played HuniePop then you get the humor, and the end game.Tip: Do not worry about photo shoots after day 5, just buy the promos.Also, make sure to have a pure runner girl with the basket right from the start."
76561197963002890,Not Recommended,426000,33057372,Posted: 30 June,all,VuurDraak,"In some respects it's a funny settuped game, but I don't like the time pressure, you feel your constantly under presure to do stuff in the game, unlike Hunniepop.The over all game is very simplistic, I guess it's a phone port, I picked the game up at a Summer sales for €1,74 and I would not recommend paying anything more then that for this game.If you don't mind playing under time pressure and like clicking & dragging around a lot, then this game might still be fun for you, but for me it's just not really relaxing.The narative is funny, but you are just looking at the same screen dragging and clicking girls & buildings while being time pressured, it's simply not my kind of game."
,Recommended,426000,22243469,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Valtharus,"First off, I wasnt to keen on the artstyle change, but it was the devs choice and it worked out well for this game seeing as it had very little to do with the original huniepop ( I say very little due to the mega bi'tch from the first game's little description if you read it)This game is more of your simple time management sim rather then the huniepop formula of candycrush+anime chicks+dating sim+ adult content. Which may help with sales if they had nudity(rather then the softcore you get here)And I personally love resource management games and time management games, guess I'm just weird like that. Anyways,Huniecam, gives you a decent tutorial, to bad it always restarts with each new game, and yes you can skip the whole tutorial, however it's a pain in the bum. I've ran through this game twice now, and I hit 73k fans( would have got more if the time didnt strike 12am right as i clicked the damn promos!) So without farther babbling heres some pros and cons:Pros:Somewhat challengingArtstyle I actually like it for some reason, it works for this format of gameSmall hints to the backstory of evens in HuniepopUnlockables to you have to kinda replay it or get super lucky to get a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of gold coinsCons:No pause feature so you can kinda plan your strategyYour hand will get tired from contantly moving your mouse( not your other hand this time guys...sorry)The luxury items(cigs and booze) seem to go rather quick if you are playing rather aggressivelyAll in all I give this game a 10/10 for the management sim it is, and a 9/10 overall seeing as it's a bold risk for them to make a game like this and not do fanservice....good job devs! I mean it."
,Recommended,426000,22242926,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Viscera,"First up, if you're hoping for an involved camgirl management simulation (unlikely as that is), you're probably going to be disappointed. I can't say how realistic it is, but I think it's safe to assume that real management of such a service involves much less touching buildings repeatedly.Like the devs previous effort, Huniepop, it's pretty much a casual game. And like that game simulated dating with a match 3 puzzle, this one simulates saving time while doing a photoshoot, a cam show, shopping, resting and everything else by clicking on the respective building. It does have much more depth than a clicker game though (which, admittedly, doesn't say much). Strictly speaking, that element is actually optional, is it only slightly accelerates things, not makes them happen in the first place.The point of the game is to get as many fans as possible in 3 weeks via photoshoots. Of course, the girls don't do that for free, so you also have them do camshows to collect money. That money is not just used to pay your employees, but to also buy improvements to hire more girls, let more of them work in the same building, get more money from shows, more fans from shootings and other stuff. Lastly, it's also necessary for advertisement, which is available later in the game.For the most part, the game boils down to a good balance between making money and attracting fans. If you neglect the former, you can't pay your camgirls and buy improvements. If you neglect the latter, you get a terrible end result. And don't get all that much money either, as more fans also mean more money.Not all fans are the same, though. Everyone prefers a different fetish and the popularity of every girl  (and the money they bring you) depends on how whether they cater to them. It's not so important if you only have one, but when you hire more, “shared fetishes” can help the popularity of others. Every girl caters to two fetishes (like “Glasses”, “Asian”, “Fit”...) on her own, but with certain items, she can acquire more (like “Furry”, “Anal”, “Squirting”...).Your employees have more needs than money, though. Many smoke and drink and you actually have to take care of their stock of alcohol and cigarettes yourself by sending them out to buy more. They also acquire stress and have to relax at a spa to be ready for more work.You can also acquire items (if you buy an inventory). It's free, oddly enough, but you have to send a girl to fetch it. The selection is always random, but no item is useless. Some are temporary buffs (like, decreasing the time they need for anything), while others have permanent effects (like attracting more fans with a specific fetish or cutting their wages in half), as long as the respective girl has the item equipped.Furthermore, all girls have two skills, which respectively raises the amount of money they make and the amount of fans they attract. They're easy enough to improve, but higher skills also mean that they demand more money, so it comes with a cost (literally).Lastly, after some time you can sent your girls out for a “private show” with a customer. This is much faster than a camshow, but brings the risk of STDs, some are curable, others are permanent. You can get single-use condoms to somewhat prevent it, though.After three weeks, the game is over and you get an evaluation. As mentioned, the single most important statistic is the amount of fans you acquired and you get a... questionably designed trophy depending on your performance (starting at 5000 fans). You also get tokens, for which you can buy alternate clothes and hairstyles for all girls you hired at least once (no matter what save file). If you wish to keep playing, you can just load your finished game again for an endless mode.It's pretty clear this game is meant to be played many times in short attempts, instead of a single long game. And it works pretty well like that. On it's own, it's pretty easy and there's not much you can explicitly do wrong. But with the time limit and the demand to get a rather high amount of fans in only 21 days, it's actually pretty challenging. Like that, it's also easier to see when you did badly than in a longer game, where you might not even be aware of your mistakes until very late. On the other hand, you can't really lose and even when you're below the minimum rating, you get some tokens, so it's not too discouraging.One thing that got a very mixed reception since the first pictures came out is the art style. It's very different from the standard anime-style of Huniepop. Personally, I'm rather fond of it. However, unlike HP, it's very suited for an erotic game and indeed, Huniecam does not have the explicit elements of it's predecessor. So, your enjoyment of this game might decrease depending on... what exactly you used Huniepop for.Overall, it's a pretty enjoyable, but not very big game, whose appeal lies in the unusual theme and the challenge of the time pressure. Considering that, the asking price is pretty fair. If you want an epic game where you build the ultimate camgirl empire, it's probably not the right game for you. But if you can find enjoyment in a rather tricky management sim and don't mind clicker game elements, it might be worth considering."
76561198084168300,Recommended,426000,22243285,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ValwinZ,Well for a $6 game this is actually quite addicting  and ended up having a lot of fun.I would defectively recommend it i really love Simple managing games like this lots of humor in the game especially the items you give the girls. the goal is to get as many fans as you can while managing your expenses but watch out some girls are also addicts and will eat up liquor a lot.ProTip: the real money is in the fans get as many as possible no need to train up the girl.Also audrey still best girl
,Not Recommended,426000,22275128,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,"—{ E5 }— Sergeant ""Brisket""",I envy the people who even know how to play this damn abomination effectively.
,Recommended,426000,33348342,Posted: 7 July,all,Diego Brando,Got carpal tunnel but at least I got a sparkly♥♥♥♥♥♥trophyAnimu waifus/10
,Recommended,426000,33890105,Posted: 29 July,all,Dino,"A fun time waster, and suprisingly addictive. Though that being said, I waited for the sale to buy it because I couldn't justify spending £4.99 on it.Pros:-will play on a potato laptop such as my own-same loveable (or unloveable - i'm looking at you Audrey) huniepop characters-replyability value: got to get that Diamond Dong trophy-a tonne of unlockable outfits if thats your cup of teaCons:- less boobs pics than huniepop. I want my boob pics damn it.-artstyle is like Marmite: you either love it or hate it- the D*ck trophy achievements are kind of awkward to explain to friends/family"
76561198055531472,Recommended,426000,33922168,Posted: 31 July,all,SugaRogue,"Nothing like playing this to confuse, dissapoint and be ebarassed about your discord friends seeing you play something with such a questionable name, lol. It has relaxing music, a fun cast with bright fun art. It really isn't that bad as far as something you could be playing when your mom walks in. It just looks like a time managment game for the majority of your playing time. The loading screens to get in and out of a game, as well as the trophys you may recieve and the pictures you get for completeing one girls wardrobe are a different story, but it's minimal. It's acctually really fun to challenge yourself to get to those 100k fans though. I have all the achievements and would happily recommend this game."
,Recommended,426000,28309206,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RosyRequiem,"The only sex work friendly game I know of! Cute art work, excellent voice acting, and very addicting! It is quite short and I hope there is an extension or some kind of dlc in the future but all in all, it's amazing! I also gifted one to a friend as well"
,Recommended,426000,22751895,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,V f l,"I bankrupted a Camgirl company 3 timesI then had success, but had 3 girls get STD'sI then won a bronze genitals statue for my 2 hours spent tryhardingIn a few hours i learned how to become the master manager of cam girls10/10 Will fight for the diamond genitals"
76561198062930115,Recommended,426000,24067392,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"I had my doubts about this title, but it actually happened to turn into a rather decent experience. First thing's first - this is a time management game. Second, best you will see are drawn girls with decent attribues. There is no nudity, The developer decided to take a step back from Huniepop and actually make a rewarding game that would please more people, and not a moaning simulator, as you desperately try to destroy rows and rows of random icons in an attempt to make a drawn girl come and see a few naughty pics. Apart from that, you will need to click. A lot. Thank god, not as much as you would need to do in clicker heroes. And no, you do not need a clicker program :)But then again, you have 21 game days to get a diamond trophy. This is challenging.So, let's take a look at the GOOD:1. Very colorful with a very pleasant sountrack.2. The pictures of the girls never go over the top. There is no nudity, and I find this good, for I prefer real life nudity... Enough said.3. The gameplay is engaging. You learn how to do stuff, and unless you got really disheartened and looked for guides, this game offers easily 15+ hours of enjoyment, which is almost 4 times its purchase price on this summer sale.4. Allowing the game to teach you, and let you concoct new strategies and set them in motion is a great feeling.5. The charge up to the coveted diamond prick trophy really feels good, especially if you do it yourself, like I did, and learned from your mistakes - like I did.6. Strategy wins you the game - which is a rare thing to say about clicker games.7. A normal game takes about 1 to 1.5 hours, provided you don't lose it. Same if you go for diamond (as gold is like halfway trophy here).8. Seeing your strategies win is a great feeling.9. Relatively easy to get achievements if you play well, which is always good.10. Accepting this game for what it is: a casual game - really helps.11. If you get a good setup going, you could have a diamond trophy worth of fans way ahead of the end date, and SAVE yourself lots of clicks and thus, HEALTH (your own I mean).12. In essencence, you get to have your own chaturb... I mean cam studio. It feels good :)And now, the BAD:1. Do you, dear sir or madam know how does it feel to have a game (or gaming if you will) shoulder? Or, better yet, do you know how it feels to have a gamer's wrist? Like that one that feels sore after all those hours of clicking? If you don't, well,  this game might teach you. If you play many games in succession, Huniecam can be quite adverse to your health. I for one, was happy that I played it on a laptop + mouse - this way I got to remedy my sore right (or left) shoulder by using my other hand. A Laptop's touchpad would do wonders for your health this time. Or, maybe taking a break and doing something productive :)2. The game is actually quite hard unless you cheat and read up. It will take you a few tries to do well. On my first go, I thought I was doing realy well - 8 girls, money, good upgrades - only to grab a bronze di... I mean trophy. Yay...3. People who don't like clicking like crazy might be turned off - for good reasons...Conclusion:I would srongly suggest to accept this game for what it is: a casual clicker with deep strategy and underlying eye candy theme. Once you do, the frustration will wither, and you will be able to think more clearly and experience the game for what it is. I quite like Huniecam. It is a great game inbetween sessions, one that makes you go for... no, not gold, it is diamond. I really enjoyed getting all the achievements, and for the money I paid, the game quadrupled them in gameplay hours. I call this a good buy :) And you, have time to grab it till the sale ends, or wait for another one. Or grab it at full price and resist the urge to look for guides - cause if you read up, you will be done with all achievements and  trophies in roughly 5 hours, while in my opinion it would take thrice that to master the game and wil it all. Do not deny yourself the pleasure of discovery. It feels good!"
76561198148414731,Recommended,426000,22310534,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Winter Raven,"HunieCam, it is short and bitter sweet. I give it two awards: Fisrt the Lenny Bruce award for the most humerously abrasive and profane game around. Next The Robert Crumb award (Robert Crumb, the famous SF Bay Area underground  comics artist from the early 70's who made Zap comics famous with Tales of Mr. Natural. He made sarcastic, sexy comics that poked fun at, and portrayed the lives of hippies who were also his readership. Interviews revealed his amusment of, but distain and disrespect for his fan base.)In 35 hours of game play I got all the achievements, that means its not a difficult game. I liked that. There is no actual nudity. The artwork isn't bad, it's just not great like before. The game play is repititious, but that is typical of it's type (time management). My best moments in the game were getting the achievements. The voice acting and scripting falls short. I turned off the sound before the first playthrough was over.Generally I felt like too many shortcuts were taken to cut costs in developement.I am recommending this game, but advise you buy it on sale if you're a cheapski like me.I want to let the dev's know, I'm giving them another chance. Please do what it takes to make another gold star game like HuniePop."
,Not Recommended,426000,22427070,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,锤谁 说话！,"Liked the game but I don't think it deserves a rec from me.Way less content than what I had in mind and comparing to the 1st game. One girl one pic and that is it? Come on! Not any kind of nudity or you know what.But I would say I had fun with the game. Although it is only 21 days, no endless mode at least as of now. Which is a bit weird....I would say this game is rushed if I didn't know how long it took to come out...... I would say this seems like a 3-6 months game with a very small team... Where are all the money you earned from the 1st game.... U gotta spent them to make them.....I still fapped.Please don't judge....I would hope this game gets more update to flesh out the content and it would be a good game.Cheap DLC would work too if enough content."
,Recommended,426000,22387569,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Baron Calamity,"I recommend this game but with a few qualifications.Its a mixture of casual genres. Its has a dash of business simulation, tycoon resource management, and clicker mechanics.  The production values are solid for its price range, visually its appealing, the voice acting is appropriate, and the theme of basically being an internet pimp hasn't been done too often.  Its fun but just. I enjoy it for what it is. Its a good game to listen to podcasts while playing.The negative is there isn't enough to do for a traditional business sim and there is too much to do for a traditional clicker. Its in this weird middle ground. I personally would have liked to see more of a management sim. Spread sheets, demand rise and fall, fetishes change, and a bit more to the map. Maybe even build your own compound that services as a brothel / cam/tube studio."
76561197993436635,Not Recommended,426000,23127789,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Geminye,"No... bought it when I was bored, when my girlfriend wasn't watching, thinking that it'd be a neat business empire management game where I'd get to see some animated T&A on ocassion... it's a mobile phone, garbage, pretty mindless clicking game... with no T&A.  Waste of money."
,Recommended,426000,31749507,Posted: 14 May,all,FatherMiso,"Okay, so essentially, I have a fruit tree. I take it to market it. I get funds to purchase other trees.As I keep selling the tree I have to grow the products fan base.The more people that want apples the more the apples are worth.I need to ensure that the apples are wanted by a variety of people who are into a fruit salad so I can also sell my oranges and my Watermelon.Start raking in the cash if you combine all these elements. Try to get that highest score.All that. Cept, its not fruit trees at all. And one of my girls got aids.."
,Recommended,426000,32954676,Posted: 28 June,all,Xanne Frank,Is very fun to play but not something i can injoy for to long of a time the 21 days u get to farm fans money and girls last 50 to 80 min depending on how mutch time u skip if u like a challenge and cute girls defently buy this game and after the 21 days u can just keep going as u wish or start over pretty mutch endless game time me likey
,Not Recommended,426000,22344970,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,casey28xxx,"WARNING To All Teen Boys/Girls with raging hormones : Dont expect to see any Bewbs or Poo-say...... AT ALL!Also don't expect it to be as engaging as Hunipop was.If your ok with throwing some cash at a game that won't give you much in the way of replay value (unless your an achievements collector) then by all means go for it.It's fun for the first hour as you work out how the hell to play but once you get the idea of the game (basically get as many fans as possible within 21 days) you just want the 21 days to be over.The only bit of a storyline is with Kyu giving you a tutorial of what does what and how to do things to play the game. After your left to your own devices and find out the game has practically nothing in common with Hunipop other than the sharing of the characters it just becomes a tedious grind.Got money to waste and want something to do for an hour or two by all means buy it, expecting as interesting a game as its predecessor then don't bother."
76561198105911826,Not Recommended,426000,22347152,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ThehipsterGoron,Facebook/Phone App game graphics and not even as fun as one either save your money... really needed a form of interaction with the ladies even if you only get to see the cam show (animated) or photo shoots. I expected a bit more from the game and just kinda disappointed.
76561198111290703,Recommended,426000,29735395,Posted: 5 February,all,Asakir de Waxellson,"HunieCam Studio is a funny little game, that gives you enough joy for playing it a couple of hours. The price is just low/high enough to be okay if you compare it to the quality/joy/price ratio.A simple game for in between, with some lovely girls and to make a few easy achievements."
,Recommended,426000,33153121,Posted: 2 July,all,Tiramisu,"I liked playing this more than I should have. Haha. The colorful graphics mixed with the humor is perfect. It starts off slow but soon you'l be working so quickly that you can barely keep up! It really provides a challenge to perfect, and it is a great quick game. I am very glad it has a time limit of sorts, because it probably would not be as fun to play endlessly. All the charecters are really different and cool. :)"
76561198142325281,Recommended,426000,29682394,Posted: 3 February,all,Henryanne34,The cartoon-like style and the adult content topics mixed together into a fun point-and-click game.  I only wish the time limit was longer.
,Recommended,426000,22310728,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Princess Autobalance,"If you are in to capitalism and money tycoons, and are not offended by semi-questionable content (which is barely here to begin with), then this game is a recommend solely for that.  If you're looking for HunniePop 2, you won't find it here, and this can be passed up."
76561198177987686,Recommended,426000,26566629,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Casyno444,Very Awesome Time killer and strategy game...Simple yet addicting FUN!!!
,Not Recommended,426000,24038258,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,IRoxasWillNeverSurrender,Its a basic clicker game that requires more work and activeness in your business.... Nothing too great about it really.
,Not Recommended,426000,28882763,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Spoopy Babydoll,"Really fun, addicting clicker game but Cookie Clicker is free. Lazily written and doesn't stay true to any of the original characters. Adds maybe one interesting character but the jokes are exactly what you'd expect and the original cast is completely flattened down to their least flattering characteristic. I want my sassy, gold-hearted Kyu back."
,Recommended,426000,22247834,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Vanirra,I always wanted to be a pimp.
,Not Recommended,426000,23008521,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,toncraygirl,"When it comes down to it, I'm pretty much part of this game's target audience. I have a good sense of humor, I like games of this nature, and I liked HuniePop, enough to where I was looking forward to seeing what would come next.This is an OK enough successor, although it's not really much to write home about. It has some addicting game play, but nothing so astronomically terrific that it's really worth the full price of admission. If it were half the price, it'd be perfect, but it's not really worth seven dollars. It'd probably help if there was some sort of bonus for playing past the first 21 days, like maybe a checkup after the 100th day. There's really no benefit to continuing your game play and in order to unlock anything you have to start up a new game. This was something the original game did, but this didn't seem so much of a let down with the first game. It does here.This is OK but I know that the creators can do better, which is probably why this is all so disappointing. It's fine as a time waster, but this is one game that's likely to get forgotten pretty easily in your game library. If you can get this for three dollars or less, go for it. Just don't pay full price for something that's pretty mediocre when compared to the prior work and other, similar games out there."
,Not Recommended,426000,22260899,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jackster,"Saw a lot of butthurt people complaining that people who disliked this game are comparing it with Huniepop (even though a lot of them only wrote 2-3 lines that mentions Huniepop). So fine, I'll try not to compare it to Huniepop.Not a very fun game.A lot of similar characters with the same voice and same personality. Which is cool. Art is alright. You can change the characters by earning coins and buying different hairstyles or clothings.Goal of the game is to gain as many fans as possible. The number of fans you get depends on what♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy (Yes, a♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy) you get.You yourself recruit girls and determine where they work and where they go. You earn money by forcing girls to do a web cam session or make them be an escort (more money, but riskier for girls because they might get STD's). Use that money to invest and pay the girls. Get the girls popular and get as many fans as you can.Personally, I was disappointed in this game. As there isn't really interaction with the girls. Lot's of repetitive lines. Not my kind of game. Small map. Not much to do."
,Recommended,426000,26429861,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nanasushi,I made the greatest Cake Farting Fetish Empire.PoundsignMakingMyParentsProud.
76561198032234181,Recommended,426000,22261779,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Daddy Burburs,"Sent my girls to the sleazy motel a bit too early.  They got syphilis, gonorrhea, herpes, and hepatitis.  Lost the game.10/10"
76561198055779249,Recommended,426000,22467383,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KillerAldix,"You will enjoy this game if you:1) Enjoy games with strategy and time management elements2) Enjoy collecting achievements and other game-related collectibles3) Like the art style4) Don't mind Kyu's abrasive dialogue5) Don't get bored easilyAfter watching a few YouTubers that I follow play the game, I decided to pick it up because it looked cute and I enjoy games with strategy and time managements elements. Took two runs to really get the hang of, which I appreciate, because if I had gotten that dope♥♥♥♥♥Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥after just one run, that would've been very disappointing. If you're the kind of gamer who's addicted to collecting all of a game's trading cards, achievements, and other community rewards, this game has a lot of replay value. I've been playing this game all day and, as one of those types of gamers, I have absolutely no regrets spending a few dollars ($15) to pick up the trading cards in the market to complete the badge.I've also enjoyed going through and grabbing as many achievements as I can each run and unlocking outfits and hairstyles in the wardrobe. Recruiting and using the girl you just customized with the tokens you got from your last run is a nice feeling.The game is a little challenging at first, but pretty easy once you get the hang of it (as long as your girls synergize well with their accessories and fetishes). It does get very repetitive, though. The music is the same two tracks for day and nighttime and the background isn't very engaging (besides the mandatory dragging girls on buildings). The longer I sat down to play, the longer it seemed to take. I recommend taking breaks to grab something to eat or stretch, because playing this game for a long period of time actually makes you feel like you're managing a bunch of cam girls, and it is taxing. Oddly enough, though, after playing this game literally all day, I feel a bit of attachment to the girls I've had the most success with, and, even if they're not very good, I still feel the need to use them and make them the best little cam girl they can possibly be (Kyanna is best girl).Overall, I've enjoyed playing HunieCam, and after I've collected all the achievements, outfits, and hairstyles, I'll be setting my sights on HuniePop. The game is worth it's price tag, and if they update it in the furture with more girls, background music, achievements, etc., I'll definitely come back to it."
,Recommended,426000,22246908,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Krowplex,"It's a good game but I guess it could of been cheaper.Yet the smoothest clicker game I've ever played.(I personally think it's missing rewards. Sure, the trophies are gr8 but what about a public leaderboard or something just so you feel like playing more of this).so i sayyesyesyes"
76561198241558372,Recommended,426000,24835440,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Frostiing,10/10 Would disappoint my parents again
76561198045464306,Recommended,426000,22960812,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Stargatemunky,Got all my cam girls infected with AIDs.... went bankrupt because they ran out of cigarettes and were to stressed to fart cake out their backsides.A+++ would pimp again!
,Recommended,426000,23911698,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Your Friend,"Made my whole family look strangely at me, but in the end it was all worth it.9/11"
,Recommended,426000,22240354,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Deiverna,"A new Huniepop game from Huniepot called Huniecam! A micromanagement game in which you hire cam girls, make money from pervs, buy booze and cigs to keep the girls happy and letting them have a spa trip when they're too stressed out from making you money!Aim of the game: MAKE MONEY, GOGOGOGOGOGOGOO!!!Huniecam is a game where you hire cam girls, increase their talent and style levels in order to gain more money from doing cam work and/or having a one night stand with a sleaze. Keep your girls happy by paying them (I recommend checking their payrates every now and then and giving them money too, rather than letting it auto do it later, you might regret it!), cure their STDs (if possible!) from their one night stands and gain more fans!I adore the Huniepop series so much, for those who have played the game, seriously go buy this. Why? It's great fun, addicting and some of the old girls make an appearance (along with a certain little kinky fairy~).For those familiar with the series who haven't played, but like micromanagement, do consider buying this. It's a solid management game that seems easy at first, but becomes increasingly difficult over time, I can't stress how important it is to check how much money you owe your cam girls, it can rack up FAST."
76561198202318541,Recommended,426000,28762729,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Niyazi Bumaye,Nice game. Please add pornstar Sahin K
76561198130915887,Recommended,426000,22947876,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Soviet Kamikaze Luvendass,Gives me crippling depression every time I play a Hunie game.
,Recommended,426000,22608867,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,standbythebody,"I was really excited for this. I'm a huge fan of HuniePop (I completed it three times at 100% I feel like a pervert)So I thought £4.99 wasn't bad.At first I was a little disappointed by the animation because I did really love the animation of the original game, but I grew to like it. It was nice to see new characters as well, I wish we could've learned more about them like we did originally.I thought the gameplay was addicting as heck, but there's not much to do after 21 days in game so I've had to set myself goals to make the most out of it.I give it a recommendation but I'd buy it in the sale.I think they could have done so much more with it, it was a good premise but it was a bit disappointing."
,Recommended,426000,22513335,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,zblaster,i used my nans credit card for this.
,Recommended,426000,32840083,Posted: 26 June,all,Ish Bin Metal Man,"If i had any friends on steam when i bought this game, they arent here now"
76561198036856677,Recommended,426000,22306235,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Orzeł Jeden,"Love the game to the bits! Seems boring at first, but when you experience the full spectrum of optionsyou go full speed Mode like Sanic!Pros:- Needs you to use brain- Lottouva girls to bone in ur mind- SKINS!- Acheivements!- D1CK TROPHIES!- All of the Hunie Pop Gurls (besides of the Easter Egg ones or maybe?)- Cake FartingCons:- may be boring fast- Artstyle which may not appeal to everone, especially if you played Hunie Pop (personally i luv it)- May be overpriced for some of you guys (for me worth every cent)Just Buy This Game!Let HuniePot grow!Let there be sequels to Hunie pop and Hunie Cam10.9/ 10 - IGN"
,Recommended,426000,33135720,Posted: 2 July,all,windycoolkid,Pretty great Managment game! I have a lot of fun with it and playing with a friend.As the disclaimer states it isn't actually very good wank meerial. You'll want Hunie Pop for that but This is a cutie fu game and fairy chick is stupid annoying as usual too!Hella reccomend for those who like a good challenging Managment Game!
,Recommended,426000,33288747,Posted: 5 July,all,~❤~Adela~❤~sleeping/school,I love this game already <3
,Recommended,426000,33214156,Posted: 3 July,all,interstellar cumslut,I just let them all sit at the spa because these girls need a BREAK
,Recommended,426000,33216158,Posted: 3 July,all,『 K a g a メ M i s a k i 』,Good game
,Recommended,426000,33600183,Posted: 16 July,all,blink,OK if you are a fan of sim/management games try and look past the actual theme of this game (unless you are into that ;D). This game is actually very addicting and tons of fun to play through. 10/10
,Recommended,426000,24122267,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Brütal Legend,"A game where a fairy has a Camgirl business that you have to run while the fairy takes a vacation.Pretty straight forward casual resource management game where you make money with camgirls. Every girl has their own themes as in fetishes that they categorize in, meaning that earning young and old audience alike, fans. Fans give you money for every session these camgirls have, thus meaning rolling in dough if you have enough audience. Earning fans can be though but take photos of camgirls and sharing them on the internet can give you some attention but buying ads on other sites also draw people in for you money making deeds. Oh and also you have 2 weeks to make the camgirl industry strike platinium or lower. Fan base is what counts.It's quite diffirent than dating but fun in a way. A nice timekiller game. 7/10.Customers allways first."
,Recommended,426000,22255308,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Crowbar,"I just put Tiffany into the sleazy hotel, without a condom, then she got AIDS.I replaced her with her mother.This game makes me feel horrible."
,Recommended,426000,33060724,Posted: 30 June,all,SlenderTimothy Sleep~<3,This game is awesome and fun and sexy I recommend it to anyone interested in playing it.
,Recommended,426000,32966486,Posted: 28 June,all,Corey,This game is so trash it has transcended and became a god.
76561198064385015,Recommended,426000,24197864,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Faestorm,"This game is extremely hard to complete. (Not in the dirty way) But not because of gameplay or controls. You have to take breaks, very frequently. *lenny face*"
,Recommended,426000,24916730,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jschoder,Is it stupid? Yes.Is it void of any relevance or meaning? Yes.Will I play this till my wrist is sore (from the unnecesary clicking)? Hell yes!
,Recommended,426000,22266070,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,bumflufftornado,"HunieCam Studio is a time management game that will have you juggling the activities of the various girls you employ in your cam studio. The primary goal is to meet their needs and put them to work in order to grow your company fan base.Replay value comes from trying to improve upon your previous performance. I personally found this to be a good format. The short length of each play through allowed me to work on my score without investing obscene amounts of time. While the core of the game remains the same each playthrough you can pick different girls and target different fetishes.There is no nudity however the game has the same style of humour as HuniePop. The same kind typical in a newgrounds game. It is definitely not somethingI would recommend for children or those who are offended by cheap sexual humour.HunieCam Studio comes trading cards, achievements and has no paygates or microtransactions. It is not the masterpiece HuniePop was but all points considered, and given the asking price is actually quite small, I’m not disappointed with this purchase."
76561198290888259,Recommended,426000,22800268,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ReemisRomulus,"Good little management game with plenty of adult humor. DO NOT believe the nudity sticker. Because I didn't buy it for that, I was not disappointed, but there are many who are upset that there is no nude mod. Pro tip, ""finger blasting"" which is clicking so fast you instantly develop carpal tunnel syndrome, is not worth it. Hold down the mouse button appears to be just as fast. Also, I find it humorous that I found this game in the ""Psychological horror"" category. Is there something we're all missing?"
,Recommended,426000,25164573,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Strawberry4lyf,"I was challenged to play this by a friend. i promise im not a weeb.So, it got the original HuniePop caracters where its about to make as much money as possible. and it seems they thought of everything. even STD's LOL.Its a fun game for a little time before it dabs off. i would not buy this game at full price. but anything over 30% discount its a ""why not"" action.Buy it to dissapoint your parents"
76561198147522074,Recommended,426000,33150876,Posted: 2 July,all,Jerri Bear,It has everything a good game needs:1. BoobsYou proud of me now mom?
76561198119690669,Recommended,426000,27740141,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,p1otrek❅,The best management game ever!
,Not Recommended,426000,22261188,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bad Times Skeleman,"This isn't Huniepop.This is just business management on 21 day time constraint, with boobs."
,Recommended,426000,22248588,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Latency,Made Aiko drink box wine and gave Audrey syphilis.11/10 GOTY
76561198032082644,Recommended,426000,22248321,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Black Oni Baka,"I really don't like writing Reviews but here we go. I'll keep it short and simple (Giggity)If you like mirco-manage, mild adult humor, something different from all the lame FPS copy cat games, then you will like this one. Its very addicting, funny, with tons of strategy to get to your goal. Yes it is kind of mildly Hentai but the game is so much more then that. This game is not a Simulation....THIS GAME IS A TRUE RTS!!!!"
,Recommended,426000,22820942,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,hives,My friends never look at me the same way. And im completely proud of it.
,Recommended,426000,29552698,Posted: 28 January,all,How About SPAGHETTI,Ronald McDaddy
76561198006993687,Not Recommended,426000,28248179,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Amstaad,This game isn't very good.  You can clear the whole thing in about an hour or two.  You spend most of your time mindlessly clicking.  That's it.  You move your models around and click on things.  It's about as fun as it sounds.  Go buy Hunie Pop and give this piece of crap a pass.
,Recommended,426000,22246199,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kiryuuin Ragyo,"Alright, an actual review of HunieCamNow I will say that I'm not big into management/sims type of games but this is actually well made and I'm really shocked from HunieDev (or whatever is their name) and extremely impressed.The game is quite challenging and fun, also seems that it stream friendly but knowing Twitch, they probably banned it, although nudity in it (As far as I know)Would I recommend HunieCam? Yes. It's fun yet challenging and rewarding. While HunieCam seem to be more tamed, HuniePop is really the where the real smutty stuff is at and where it all started, I also recommend it."
76561198166439509,Not Recommended,426000,23966995,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,azn gyration sweeping the nation,"I'm disappointed. When I heard a camgirl management sim was in HuniePot's future, I expected to be able to make a quirky, ever expanding pr0nz EMPIRE with all sorts of fetishes and opportunities, aaaaaannndddddd then I got this. I think the ball got dropped in the decision to make HunieCam a small spin-off rather than a full-fledged sequel 'cause I feel like I'm playing a demo or browser game.The rushed timeframe doesn't do the game any favors, and I feel a more endless/casual pace would have allowed for more features (if it wasn't a FREAKING CLICKER, anyway), upgrading toys and catering to more niche fetishes, adding more complexity to the camshows themselves (apparently the camgirls' sexual orientation was gonna be relevant at first?), and, very importantly, FLESHING OUT THE GIRLS.  The quirky women are part of the first game's charm, and while the new girls' bios are funny (and led me to expect much darker humor, heck, ANY more humor than the gameplay itself provided), you don't learn anything about them like you did in HuniePop. I'm not saying Pop had the deepest characters everrrrrr, but they had clear, diverse personalities and the occasional surprising complexity (lookin' at you, Audrey and Jessie/Tiffany).Okay okay, two last notes: 1) the game doesn't feel very replayable unlocking everything. No gradual increase in difficulty or anything. 2) Everybody hates on the new art style, but I kinda like it. Still think it's weird that HuniePot would choose an art style they don't think is suited for super explicit stuff... Like, if you think it makes nipples look funny, it's probably not a good style for a Hunie game.Anyway. I hope the next game is better, and I'm gonna go leave a review on HuniePop now because I haven't yet, and it's not fair to only give HuniePot negative feedback if positive is also deserved."
,Recommended,426000,22870373,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kleyguerth,"""Disappoint your parents"" - Now that's an achievement I can proudly display on my profile :DOn a serious note, this game is more about clicking than management, but there's still quite a bit of strategy involved. There's no ""one true path"", multiple strategies are viable.It has a bit of replayability if you like to challenge yourself like ""single girl run"", ""no training"", ""no cam studio"" or if you want to try a different strategy."
,Recommended,426000,22244545,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Spookylicious,"I'll tell some points here:-You can't really compare this came with Huniepop. Since the only thing in common they share is the girls from the Hunie unirverse/saga/whatever.- IT IS a clicker game. Is this bad? Nope. I'm not much into clickers, but I like the theme, the girls from Hunie in another situation and the... ART.- I like the new art, and I liked it since the first time they showed it. It's a different game from Huniepop, this time It's not ""Pop"" It's Huniecam. And this time it's not anime, it's more Moe-Scott Pilgrim style.- The ""Game ""ends"" when you get to day 21"" thing got me... I expected to be a longer objective or to be able to gain the coins playing more than 21 days.You have 21 days to get your better score and get some coins for hairs and clothes, then:You start over to try to beat your score and get more coins.ORYou continue playing that saved file for... the sake of playing? I supose it's to be able to hire all the girls, all ads, all improvements, shop items,.....in the same game. But I wonder, when you get to that point, then what? =/- I personally wanted a game to waste some time, mindless fun and I found it with the Hunie girls I like.BUY THIS GAMEif you want to see the Hunie girls in another situation and theme and style.if you like clickers and management games.DON'T BUY THIS GAMEIf you want to fap to anime. Just go to google and you'll find better hentai than any Hunie game will ever offer you, for free."
,Recommended,426000,22241962,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TwilightAmory,"Despite the art and gameplay changes from Huniepop, HunieCam Studio is a decent game. If you're looking for something to pleasure yourself to, try something else. But if you like clicker games, this is probably the best one I've played.Pros:-Familiar characters from Huniepop-Lots of stuff to manage-Replay value with tricky to get achievements and unlockable wardrobe/hair options-Sense of humor from Huniepop carries over-Easy to figure out the basicsCons:-Can take a while to figure out the most efficient tasks for your girls to be doing, can be easy to run low on resources if you don't know what you're doing-Fans of the art style of the previous game will be disappointed-Lack of nudity (but really, the art style isn't well suited to nudity)I really think this is a worthwhile purchase, especially if you enjoyed Huniepop."
,Recommended,426000,23616436,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dragoslove,"A perfectly fine game, but its not huniepop.  In huniepop, the characters had some personality to them, even if it was only really introduced near the beginning of the game.  In Huniecam Studio, they are just another mechanic to train in different ways. That said, this is a fun little time management simulator.  The gameplay is polished, but I kinda wish the rewards felt a little more interesting.  I don't know if I'll be playing it past the few hours I've put in so far."
,Not Recommended,426000,22245700,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Allah Gold,"It pains me to leave a negative review because I really respect and like HuniePot as game devs. They make games without caring about backlash of media and/or fans. They usually have great humor and style to their games. I understand that after creating the masterpiece that is HuniePop it would be difficult to live up to expectations on a 2nd game, but to be honest HunieCam is more disappointing than it should be. After only about 2 hours of play-time I've seen 100% of what the game has to offer. There isn't much replayability, there's no ""dating sim"" aspect like there was for HuniePop, and the gameplay really is just clicker/mindless activities. I can get past the artstyle and accept that as their artistic decision, but all around the game kind of just falls flat. I hope that this doesn't impact on HuniePot's future because I want the studio to continue to make games. I just hope they go back to ""dating-sim"" type of games with different mechanics incorperated similar to HuniePop. Hell I'd even be happy with a HuniePop 2."
,Recommended,426000,22256136,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,sunk!,"This game is NOT meant for playing alone with the lights off. This game is NOT about sexy fun time with anime girls. The art style isn't the same as the first in the series. This game is NOT HuniePop.If you can get past these facts, this game IS an interesting and addictive clicker sim game with a lot of charm and a sense of humor. It's fast-paced and fun and worth the $7 price tag. (Kyanna is still best girl)"
,Recommended,426000,22243802,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DarkGenex,you drag anime girl heads onto buildings and somehow get moneyit's aight
76561197993049832,Not Recommended,426000,22244778,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cyndrus,"HunieCam Studio: an extremely short, simple game with zero challenge, substance, or depth. Once you've played it for about 15-20 minutes, you'll have experienced everthing the game has to offer. People have been comparing it to a clicker game, but HCS lacks the hamster wheel progression chase of those games. The gameplay consists of you dragging girls' faces onto buildings until you hit the arbitrary 21 day deadline. At which point you're awarded a trophy and some costume tokens, and then you start over. That's it. You can keep going beyond the deadline if you really want to, but there's nothing to earn or unlock once you pass it.I don't know if the devs plan on adding content to the game (seems unlikely), but in its current state HunieCam Studio is a waste of both time and money. There are demos with more to offer than this game has. There are better clicker games, and there are damn sure better sim/management games out there. Do yourself a favor: leave this page and go play one of those."
,Not Recommended,426000,29448144,Posted: 23 January,all,Darkin20,"I loved their previous game, seemed to hit all the right fun spots. This one however is a total miss. They somehow managed to turn sex into a chore. And there are no addictive games to actual play. Even the characters don't seem to have any depth to them, the only one that talks to you directly (your boss) comes across as bland and bored."
76561198084839444,Not Recommended,426000,22351699,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hikari,"Literally the worst game I have ever purchased. I couldn't even bare through it with my extremely perverted friend. Even she got bored of it and the idea of cake farting excites her! I thought I could bare through it for a Youtube Lets Play, but I couldn't even do that! But on a serious note though guys, don't bother with this game. It's literally a click and drag game similar to games like Cookie Clicker or AdVenture Capitalist. Save your $7 and spend it on something worthwhile.10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥are only implied not shown"
76561197985409550,Recommended,426000,22243137,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,bgrunge,"It's okay as a management game, but too shallow and too easy. I finished my first playthrough with over 3x the fans required to get the top trophy. The unlockables would be much more rewarding if there was adult content, but eh, this is steam."
76561198072111547,Not Recommended,426000,22242220,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,D&Dean,"This game is a giant let down and a far cry from what it should be, compared to its sister game huniepop  the game lacks all the quality's that made huniepop great there is little to no humor, 15min of gameplay, ever though it is a game about cam girls it still is not a dirty as huniepop, over all this game is just a blan and selling and riding on the coattails of the ""hunie"" name in hopes of getting sells."
,Recommended,426000,22245021,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TheKing,"I'm a fan of the resource management genre, even though I'm not very good, and honestly this is one of the most fun I've played. It's colourful, funny, and keeps a similar charm to Huniepop. Though the games are different in genre and artstyle, at its core you can for sure see this as a spiritual successor to Huniepop. Huniepot is setting high expectations.The lack of nudity isn't a huge deal, but that as an end goal in Huniepop made it a little more worthwhile, and gave you something to look forward too. Regardless this is a fun game, and inexpensive, so play Huniecam!"
,Recommended,426000,22244746,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lavender Courage,"When I saw the word ""clicker"" I panicked. Was the love I felt for Hunie Pop about to be destroyed by this new release?Hell no.This game is insanely addictive and you need to constantly be on the move and thinking. You need to develop a strategy to get this thing rolling and it's a heck of a lot more difficult than it looks. I personally love it and I know I'm going to be playing this one for a while.Plus, y'know, Audrey and Kyu are life."
,Recommended,426000,22263543,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Rebecksi,"First and foremost: If you are expecting this game to be a direct sequel to Huniepop, its not, so please do not buy it if you are looking for another Candy Crush puzzler with nudes. This is a spinoff, much like if Nintendo decided to make a Zelda puzzle game. True fans will support it, simply because they appreciate the developer's creative mind as a whole!I LOVE this game. I love the strategy, I love the stress (fun edition!), and I LOVE the art style.People are salty about the anime not being present in this game, but Souli is an absolutely phenominal young artist. The art is so stylized, and for the genre of games, its a perfect match. Highly detailed anime would not look reasonable in a game that focuses more on your management of a business than a hookup game with a pretty girl. Its super fun to see all the old Hunies reimagined in a new style, and there are so many ways to customize them!In order to be successful in the game, you have to always be watching, moving, planning, etc. Not only is each girl categorized by appearance, but you can also bind them with other fetishes to appeal to larger audiences. There are tons of items you can give to the girls to alter their performance and maximize productivity and profitability! Your ending score is based upon the number of fans you draw in within the three week span of time, and you are rewarded with some ballin' trophies.Overall score also gives you tokens to purchase hair and outfit changes, so that gives you a drive to keep playing and improving your strategies!"
,Recommended,426000,22263798,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NrSpringfield,"Pretty fun game, it's both a clicker and sort of a business sim game. The first two-three girls will determine who your primary consumers will be, along with whatever fetish devices you decide to have them use (I didn't even know cake farting was an actual thing).  After that, you have to juggle employees between training, free promotional pics, resupplying, and working, as well as upgrading your business and buying ads on websites.  I'd recommend only using the escort service if you really need upgrades and/or are in the deep red.  However, if you keep your head on and plan your moves ahead, you won't need to worry if you dip into a little debt, since you'll pay it off in an hour or two (in-game time, of course).Only complaints I have right now is that:I don't favor the art style they did for this game over HuniePop (opinions)The only goal in the game is to get as many fans as possible.  Not even ""Achieve this much revenue"".  Some of the    achievements sort of address this, such as ""Get to Bronze without using any accessories"". ""Complete the game without falling below a certain amount of this thing"", etc., but I digress. I thought the game would've been more challenging, if it had more mandatory goals.It won't even take you two hours to beat the game.  At the time of making this review, I've logged 3.5 hours, according to Steam, and I've beaten the game two times already.  If I had to compare it to something, it'd be like ""Wow, this movie about [your favorite game/book] is fantastic, they got decent actors and stuck to the source as much as they could.  Too bad it was only 20 minutes long"".  My example may be a little unfair, but I think you get the gist, it's a nice but short game. Real short.Not a lot of replay value.  This point is the embodiment of the previous two points.  Sure, you can unlock clothes and hairstyle for the girls, but, as you can see in the screenie link, I didn't get [i♥♥♥♥♥♥/i] for the first run, but I did get the golden weenie on the second try.  I got enough points from both runs that I could max out three-four girls.  If I keep getting just gold, I imagine I could unlock everything within a short amount of time.  And that's if you're the type of person that gives a damn about cosmetics.  Speaking of which, that's the only thing that you can unlock.  The game has nice little loading screens here and there of the girls doing cam-girl things, but there's no gallery like in Huniepop. If they had that, I'd have been okay with replaying the same thing again and again for it.   Maybe even some development art, I'm a real sucker for that.  Anything besides just having clothes/hair to strive for.That said, despite everything negative that I've said about the game, I feel like I'm getting my money's worth. I would very much like to see the developers add more content to the game in the future, either for free, or for a nominal fee.  Preferably the first few/all of them for free, the game is a little barebones, even for the price of getting a fast food meal.It's a great time waster, and I'd recommend picking it up, either on sale or for regular price.I will reiterate though, I got the Gold♥♥♥♥♥♥on my second try, after getting my feet wet with the first.   So either the game is easy, orI am the cam, I am the one who faps.Not really, it'd have been more impressive, albeit sadder, if I got Platinum or even Diamond."
,Recommended,426000,22253395,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,WATER!!,"my high score is 243,428. beat that"
76561198047628191,Recommended,426000,22261081,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xx_Pu$$YSL@Y3R69_xX,"If you have $7 to blow it's a great buy. Takes around an hour per playthrough. When you finish a playthrough (21 days) you get a trophy depending on how many fans you got (like 500 - 100,000 I think) and depending on the trophy you got you will get a certain amount of wardrobe points which can be used to by new outfits and hairstyles for the girls.Gameplay is fine for a little cookie clicker time waster, nothing more though.3.5/5"
,Recommended,426000,22820127,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,pokegirl1332,makes you feel bad about yourself but it's still really addicting
,Recommended,426000,22786064,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ShadowPrower,"Earned my Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥and splashed out for a £7 wallpaper from this game ... i love it, its such a challenge when compaired to Huniepop, think of it as a really sleazy SimCity in which you managed your special ladies who live stream to online viewers and make a small fortune.11/10 - Would fap Again xDMy hand hurts from all the 'clicking' so now i must rest xDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz :3"
76561198039461806,Not Recommended,426000,22259626,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SGT Sean,"I came too this game looking for essentially the same thing as HunniePop, a lighthearted, silly, loveletter/♥♥♥♥youletter too dating sims and the people who play them. What was displayed here was the absolute barebones of what could have been a somewhat alright game.The gameplay itself is decent, albeit simple. The problem I find is with the 21 day time limit and the implementation of it. Unfortunately what is used too raise the stress and cause the player too think on their feet, also sets a limit of gameplay, as there is no post time limit content.Idk, Im just kinda sour and dissapointed after how fun and much content Hunniepop had."
76561198052234251,Recommended,426000,22980045,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,42,HunieCam Studio is a fun to play tycoon game. I just bought it yesterday and been playing since.After a while the game might look like you are repeating it self but still hundreds of hours of fun.
,Recommended,426000,22779227,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,cradboard,10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies
,Recommended,426000,22306350,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Oriely,Maximum gameplay.Maximum action.
,Recommended,426000,24024076,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CmD,"Like who just doesn't want a game like this.Yes, it's repetative, but when you use this game to improve your clicking speed, you want there to be some rewards to it. I want a fast click, so this game is excellent for watching lovely characters (with great designs btw), improve my muscles. We need exercise somehow, right?Anyway, the gameplay is more strategic than you think, especially when trying to get the highest amount of fans as possible. I don't see people playing this a lot, but when you want a stress free break, this isn't a bad choice to visit, especially as it's nice 'n' cheap.GG, WP - 8/10."
76561198208786205,Recommended,426000,22905122,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cindy,Addictive clicking game that strangely keeps me hooked by the promise of diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy
,Recommended,426000,22714213,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Audrey Belrose,"May seem too hard, repetitive or boring at first, this game turns out to be really addictive and fun to play. Just give it time so you can really get into it."
76561198087008702,Recommended,426000,22853186,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Vulhetaar,"One of the coolest games I ever played! Short but simple and you can play it several times to get better♥♥♥♥♥♥Trophies, what I like the most.But what's up with the bouncing houses, but no bouncing boobies? :Dweird"
76561198070848134,Recommended,426000,32968576,Posted: 28 June,all,Tobi Nexis,"If you enjoy wasting some minutes, this might be good for you."
,Recommended,426000,33028515,Posted: 30 June,all,[IHC] Yenski,I think that this is legitimately the only time in my life that I was disappointed that I 'only' got a bronze♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy.
,Recommended,426000,33098791,Posted: 1 July,all,Parker Peters the Man-Spider,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOHvp4SX9yE
,Recommended,426000,23897717,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Poe,"It's a management clicker game with boobs, crack and adorable girls. That's all you need. It's as gosh darn addictive as Huniepop and you STILL can't tell your cousins why you won't show their nine year old niece the game with the cute icon."
76561198217542039,Recommended,426000,33173143,Posted: 3 July,all,KowTow  ≧◡≦,i got it when it was on sale and honestly i am enjoying the game*it's challenging*fun*sex apeelso yes i would recommend this game
,Recommended,426000,33201450,Posted: 3 July,all,NIOWL,If You Wanna Be P İ M P This Game İs For U
,Recommended,426000,32927310,Posted: 28 June,all,VicTeddy,Hope there's other options to play around with the girls to make this game more funz :D
,Recommended,426000,32318826,Posted: 10 June,all,machomuu,"I, and I would assume many other Huniepop fans, put off this game for a long time because it there wasn't much about it that seemed to give it the same appeal as its predecessor.  Originally, I just wrote it off as a cash-in by the developers who decided to bank on an idea that caught fire.That was my first mistake.In reality, HunieCam Studio is something of a side-project, something to bite into while we await the upcoming Huniepop successor.  The moment Kyu shows up, it's immediately apparent that the writing is just as fun as it ever was.  Granted, most of the dialogue is restricted to the tutorials and other short instances, so after your first playthrough you won't really be hearing it too much.  Well, save for the other girls' lines, but I'll get back to that.The game is basically a fusion between a Tycoon and a Clicker game.  You have 21 days to raise as many you can for your HunieCam Studio.  Those of you mostly turned off by its click-based nature should take solace in knowing that HCS is more Tycoon than it is Clicker.  It's a game of management, after all.  You'll start off the game with one of three girls, but assuming it's your first time, you will be rather limited in what you can do.  As such, you'll want to make some money so that you can make some more money.Photo Shoots are used to increase the number of fans a girl has, and the number of fans a girl has is the largest source of income.  Thus, taking advantage of these with budding cam girls is generally a great way to build up a somewhat reliable stream of cash, especially before advertisements and held items are introduced.  After a girl has a sufficient number of followers, they can start camming.  By going to the Cam Studio, a girl will earn money after each session based on their Talent stat.  Talent is one of two stats in the game, and it determines exactly how much money a girl will gain based on the number of fans they have.  So, if you haven't caught on by now, fans are the most important thing in this game.""But wait,"" you might start, ""What's the other stat?""  Well, that's Style.  Style determines how many fans a girl will earn from a photo shoot.As for the Clicker aspect of the game, that comes in the way of collecting resources and speeding up processes.  When you sent a girl to do just about anything, it will take a certain amount of time to complete.  Thing is, you're on a schedule; you don't have time to dawdle.  So to make things go faster, you can simply click on the building of the action in progress and the amount time the action for everyone in that building is performing will dwindle.  Similarly, when the girls are finished with an action that produces anything (ie. money, fans, cigarettes), you have to collect it yourself.  One by one.This is made much easier as you start making investments, though, which are essentially perks that you buy with money.  The abilities of these investments range from allowing you to have more girls employed (up to a maximum of 8) to improving the effectiveness of each click to getting more money from each cam show.  These are infinitely useful and which ones you pick should suit your playstyle or the type of playthrough you're going for.Combining all of this makes for an arcadey tycoon experience with a surprising amount of depth.  Being on a timer makes the game feel rather frantic, as you're always trying to make the most of the time that you're given while maximizing the number of fans and money you can get at any given time.  And even as the amount of time actions take gets longer as characters build their stats, it always feels like there's something to do.For instance, some characters require cigarettes and/or alcohol to feed their habits, as if these habits go unchecked, their stress will increase.  If a girl's stress increases to a point that they can't perform any more actions, they'll need to rest at a spa, and that, as you might guess, takes time.  Stress goes up after any action, regardless, but stress going up thanks to their habits being unchecked is one hell of a waste, so you'll likely have a girl off shopping and grabbing cigs and drinks, as well as recruiting new girls and whatever other odd jobs you might need while the other girls are off shaking their money makers so that they have money to shake.But you'll also have to keep an eye on advertisements, which increase the number of fans you have for a particular fetish and, should you have girls that appeal to said fetish, they will gain fans based on that as well.  And then there are the held items which have effects on specific girls, such as giving them cat ears to appeal to furries or butt plugs for the backdoor oriented, or my personal favorite item, a coupon that allows you to gain half the fans you normally would from a photo shoot in a cam show.All of these systems come together in a way that's complex but never truly daunting.  The game even restricts certain features from you until you've been introduced to (or skipped) their tutorials to avoid overwhelming the player and allowing them to progress through the game smoothly the first time through.  IT's all just so engaging and even addictive, doing multiple playthroughs to try to improve on what you did last time or experiment with new ideas so that you can reach the end goal, the diamond trophy.  Shaped like a♥♥♥♥♥♥  It's kind of amazing.To cap this off, I want to talk about something I mentioned earlier.  While Kyu is the only character in this with actual dialogue, each girl has lines when performing actions, getting items, or just generally being selected.  These are more for flavor than anything, but it does give the game a lot more personality, which is appreciated going into this as a Huniepop fan.  Hearing Tiffany still say ""What's shakin', bacon?"" and Nikki's optimistic deadpan felt like old times, especially since not all of the lines were recycled and there are new characters thrown into the mix as well (all voiced and supposedly all to be in HP's sequel).  It still felt like a Huniepop game despite its focus and art style being entirely different the original, and the added option to use completion points to unlock additional hairstyles and costumes helped nail this point.  This game is just a good choice for a someone who's a fan of the series.  If you're looking for a fun little tycoon title with a twist or just like the series, HunieCam Studio's pretty hard to pass up."
76561198121149334,Recommended,426000,32856985,Posted: 27 June,all,xSaiyanQUEEN93x,"I recently purchased this for a laugh, and a good laugh it is,My dream of running a successfull business is here,I get to choose these girls to fufill sick fetishes for cash, while i sit back and reap the rewards. 10/10I done a quick video on it, if you fancy checking it out ;)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8ZD9Wn2u4U"
76561198010134705,Recommended,426000,32907941,Posted: 27 June,all,Selva,"So, there's not a lot of ""decent"" adult oriented games out there.  And by adult, I do mean games concerning any sexual topic.  And by decent, I mean, something that is actually a good game.  Most 'adult' games seem to be a rip off of 'Qix' or some sort of bubble popping game.  I have found a few good ones.  I'm not mentioning any names here.  No idea what the legal ramifications would be.I was really surprised to find out that HunieCam Studio is actually not a bad game.  It's not the greatest business simulator of all time.  It's a very casual business sim / Time management type game.  But, by comparison to the vast majority of ""adult"" themed games out there this is a beacon of amazingness.  I can think of 3 other adult type games that have been better.  Aaaand one of them is a text adventure.  I know I keep coming back to that.  But that's really the point here.  Someone has made a relatively enjoyable time management game where the subject matter is sex.  I can't stress how important and rare it is that this has happened.  Will this be the beginning of a new trend of making 'adult' oriented games that don't suck?  Probably not.  But wouldn't it be awesome if it was?So.  That having been said.  This is pretty good.  I will likely spend at least a few more hours playing this.Note, however, you aren't going to SEE a lot of what you are thinking you would SEE in a game based on a sex cam business.  You're managing the business.  You aren't the photographer.  So think sexual themes and crude language more than T&A.  If this were a movie it would probably only get an R rating over the depiction of some of the sex toys.  (You don't see them in action as far as I can tell.)  Otherwise I would expect it might rate a PG-13 rating, depending on who did the assessment.  But this is a computer game so it will be stuck firmly in the 'Adults Only' category.Full disclosure here.  I've played this through twice.  Once to a loss and once to a win.  However my ""win"" did not score terribly high.  So it's possible a better score might 'reward' you with a ""money shot"" of some sort at the end.  (A hunie shot?)  But, truthfully, if that's what you are after... you've go the internet for that.  So... *shrug*Do I recommend HunieCam Studio?  Yes.  It's a decent game.  As always, I recommend waiting for a sale.  But it's normal price isn't completely unreasonable.  I'm giving this a little slack for being one of a VERY few adult themed games that doesn't take a couple of nudie pics and slap demo game on top of it.  (I hate those.)  But, overall I'm pleased with HunieCam Studio.  No one is more surprised than I am by that, by the way."
,Not Recommended,426000,31190022,Posted: 16 April,all,jynxt,Not fun
76561198126101215,Recommended,426000,32940836,Posted: 28 June,all,Nikolai,beat it with one hand
76561198146471588,Recommended,426000,32897667,Posted: 27 June,all,Evermore,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥on steam tbh
,Recommended,426000,23884300,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Joey,"playing this after playing the original huniepop was a real change, but I like the direction they went with this. It's not like a rip off of the original but with more girls, it's still entertaining, and overall i say this was a pretty good game."
,Recommended,426000,22905345,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,KoolSpookyKid,"I have to say, this is one of my best purchases on Steam yet.You don't need any background knowledge of HuniePop to understand the gist ofHunieCam Studio. Essentially, this game is a management/tycoon game, but with less simplicity for newbies.Breaking it DownFrom all of the ""online nudity videos"" (I am phrasing it this way to avoid being censored.) you may have watched in the past, you should know that all videos have their own tags. I won't list any due to Valve's censorship, but that's how this game is organized.----------When you first begin, you start off with a potential star of online nudity. To get up off of the ground, you must make fans. The more fans you make, the more popular your camera shoots become. With that being, you haul in more cash. Cash you get to keep your business running and to become stronger.----------Your fans have a variety of different fetishes. Fetishes that are provided from each individual model. With those fetishes, that will determine how much cash you receive.TL;DRJust think of the game as Rollercoaster Tycoon, but with a bit of sexuality added into it.Pros- Great voice acting- Nice soundtrack- Very realistic (logic-wise)- Sexy women ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- Sexy women with boobs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Cons- STDs are a thing in HunieCam (not really a con, but just something you gotta watch out for)Overall Rating8.5/10Additional NotesCake farts is the best fetish by far ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,426000,22883630,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Macintosh Plus,Boobs And Money10/10Buy It
76561198226694428,Recommended,426000,23125242,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,bendikandreben123,"This is a very erotic game, i love it ps:Needs bigger boobs"
,Recommended,426000,22328323,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,~DevlinSyo~,"Please help me. I can't stop.HunieCam Studio is a fun game, sure it seem's boring after the first 2 hours but it seems challenging at the same time, trying to beat your own high score, collect all the outfits for the girls, get over 100K fans. The game provides a ton of re-play value that some people just ignore entirely.It's not HuniePop. HunieCam Studio is a game of its own. It brings back characters from HuniePop  like Nikki, Tiffany, Jessie, ect. But adds a ton of new girls. In total HunieCam has 18 girls and it provides a bunch of oprotunites to play with. Like having an entire all MILF Harem or no girls that smoke but drink constantly Harem. It is a fun game. The art style is cute, the voice actors are great and the game mechanics are easy to understand. So I'd recomend HunieCam Studio to fans of HuniePop but are into slower paced games like tycoon games. 8.5/10 <3 I love this game."
,Recommended,426000,22293699,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bikkker Bot,"I enjoyed this game, if you came here expecting a game similar to huniepop, that's  not what you'll get. Instead you get a clicker with sexual themes. If you enjoy other buisness/tycoon style games then you will like this, and even if you don't, give this game a shot, it may be worth the 7 bucks,,,,,,....Oh and like this comment if you think the creators of this game should make a huniepop 2/ huniepop dlc  which includes these new characters, and maybe a few new ones we've never seen before."
,Recommended,426000,22263660,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jacobin13,Never has Alt+Tabbing been so seriousAnd apparently Cake farting is a thing?
,Recommended,426000,24241666,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Tiriamalisa,I wanted to be a female internet cam show pimpI suceeded
,Recommended,426000,29919171,Posted: 14 February,all,Icewirewastaken,"I'd never have thought that playing a game about running a sleazy cam girl business would be so addictive... but, here I am. It's actually really fun!"
76561198081220923,Recommended,426000,33511625,Posted: 13 July,all,PaleHorse,"I have way too many hours on this game, it good."
,Not Recommended,426000,30165546,Posted: 25 February,all,Gopnik Doggo,"Huniepop is more worth your money. This game isn't bad, but don't be expecting anything other than a basic mobile game with little replay value, other than having a few different trophies you can unlock. If you are ok with this and the game is on sale then I'd recommend it, otherwise get Huniepop if you don't have it already."
,Recommended,426000,22788413,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ブレードランナー,yes my friends gave this to me.no i did not buy this stop asking
,Recommended,426000,28679001,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Category5Kawaiiju,IT HAS UNLOCKABLE OUTFITS AND HAIRSTYLESYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
76561198069065765,Recommended,426000,22798705,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,deadlycrocker,An incredibly cute and addicting puzzle game.
,Recommended,426000,22311696,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Plebby,"If I had to give HunieCam Studio a /10 ending (5/10 being average) I would give it an 7.5/10.I'll list most of the things I found good and bad about the game down below.I will try to not compare it to Huniepop too much as ratings should be not biased at all, but I will mention Huniepop a bit.Pros:Fast paced: This is something that Huniepop didn't have unless you count the sex scenes.Good art: The art-style is heavily compared to be worse than Huniepop, but I think that the art style is great none-the-less.Smart gamelplay: You can't just randomly choose girls and assign them to wherever you want and even expect to get the             bronze♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy in this game. You get to think fast, and when you need a break, just open up a menu!Great privacy: By minimizing out of the game, or opening another tab, the audio mutes, and the game pauses. Perfect for if you don't want a family member, friend, etc. knowing what your playing... You sick perv.Goals: There are plenty of goals for the game such as unlocking all of the outfits/hairstyles, achievements, the♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies, and much more. There is a lot for you to do giving it replayability.Voice acting: The voice acting for the game is superb, giving the game a sort of depth. You could totally imagine each character having this voice if you met them in real life.Cons:Unfinished: I feel like some of this game is uncompleted and needs to be finished. It can just feel... hollow.Pictures: I know this sounds like such a pervy thing but it's not that big of a deal. I feel like it might have been nice to have more collectable pictures in the game. There are 18 in this game, and almost 50 in Huniepop. The pictures are one thing that can just bring you back to the game for one reason or another...Difficulty: Look at guides and even an announcement by the devs shows that people usually get the Diamond trophy on their 2nd to 3rd playthrough, maybe 4 or 5 playthroughs if they aren't the best at these types of games. They are already working on this though as they have released a ""rock hard mode"" which is tougher.Stale: After a few times replaying the game, with the same girls, same buildings, same everything, it just gets kind of stale. I think they should have some way of rotating in one or two new girls and/or buildings in each playthrough, which are randomly chosen.Overall, I found this game worth buying. It is compared to being just as good as or objectively worse than other clicker games, but I found this much more enjoyable than a good amount of these other clicker games. If you don't play many clicker games, this is a great game to get you in to the genre.Good luck on that diamond trophy!"
76561198067431071,Recommended,426000,28225592,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hotfirex,"Lots of fun in this game, forget morality for maximum entertainment.Good short game with ""interesting challenges"" for those interested."
76561198294984115,Recommended,426000,33108987,Posted: 1 July,all,OG LOC,"Beat this game in less than 1 hour and i was expecting more out of a $7 game. What i liked the most was the soundtrack tho and the gameplay was ok. However my dad thought i was gay for playing this game and now he disowned me, but im still playing this game in my basement and using my neighbors wifi.10/10 would recommend this to anyone especially if your dad does not like you.      steam summer sale ftw!! :D"
76561198202022263,Recommended,426000,34993298,Posted: 16 September,all,Fallen Brony,"HunieCam Studio is a cute management simulator with lawd humour and sexy characters from HuniPop (New characters also added)A character named Kyu (known from HuniePop) hires you to take care of a cam girl business. You have 21 days to get as many fans as possible. (There is a guide to help you on steam) There's no real story to the game, just you running a business, which is a shame but it doesn't take the fun out of running the business!I would suggest playing HuniePop first to get a real idea of what type of characters you have but apart from that it's a kick back relax game and try and get the best♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy they have!!!I'm giving this game a rock-hard 7/10!!! Would pimp again."
76561198261280237,Recommended,426000,33095715,Posted: 1 July,all,Handsy,"i just really like hot anime girls, sorry"
,Recommended,426000,33097451,Posted: 1 July,all,Astrica,"Got this game on summer sale alongside huniepop, would definately recommend and pay full price for. Hidden replay value just because you want to unlock all the wardrobes, pictures and d*** trophies. Already played for 12.3 hours..the ""parents disowning me"" achievement is very accurate here indeed..10/10 Sexy, fun game. Learn different ways to play through it each time."
76561198000397205,Recommended,426000,32859363,Posted: 27 June,all,Fremming❤,"A great managment game worth the money.It's not too complex, so some of your might not like it.There is some luck involved, but it doesnt really matter. You'll get a high score and all achievement easily.Story:You're a new manager at a camgirl company. Your boss is a sassy girl. Make money, get fans.Gameplay:Your main goal is to get the most fans. Money helps you get those fans.You start off getting a small introduction and tutorial by your boss. The tutorial are spaced out as you play, short and informative tips.You can have up to 8 girls camming, but you can choose from 18 character. 8 of which are from HuniePop.Watch their Stress level, Fetishes, Style and Talent. High talent gives you more money from your fans, High Style gives you more fans. Every fan have their fetishes so it's best to have the same fetishes on all of your models. Your models have can have up to 3 inventory spots, items that improves your model.9 buildings. Model Agency, Cam and Photo Studio, Butique, Strip Club, Adult Shop, Day Spa, Sleazy Hotel, Liqour and Corner Store.Model Agency are obviously were you find your models.Cam Studio earns money.Photo Studio earns fans.Butique earns Style.Strip Club earns Talent.Day Spa cures your models stress level.Adult Shop were you get inventory items. Fetish items, drugs and other things used to boost your models.Liqour and Corner Stores gives you sigarettes and booze.And The Sleazy Hotel earns money by using your models as escorts. But beware, they might get an STD.6 STDS. Some curable by antibiotics, others incurable. All have their downsides.18 fetishes. 90 hair styles, 90 costumes, five for each girl.There's more, but god damn I'm just rambling on and on.TL;DRIt's good, cheap, easy to learn, not to hard to master.Your first playtrough takes around 1,5 - 2 hours, so you can refund if you didn't like it."
,Recommended,426000,33453635,Posted: 11 July,all,Carlos Danger,"Play as a salve for a brutal pimp who kidnaps women from modeling agencies to force them into a life of porn, prostitution, and drug use. Force women to perform sex acts for $1 an hour when you aren't making them do photoshoots on the deep web to attract clients to pay to give your women STD's then after 21 days dispose of them when they no longer are useful to you and you're pimp has gotten what they wanted. 10/10 horror game of the year"
76561198236303334,Recommended,426000,32932177,Posted: 28 June,all,☕,10/10 would disappoint my family again
,Recommended,426000,35287136,Posted: 29 September,all,Kino no Tabi,"A nice, little time-killer with the cast from HuniePop.And, yes, it's a clicker game. If you don't like that, hands off. You won't have fun and it isn't worth for the pictures at all,since you only get to see them during loading screen or after you completed the cloth/hairstyle collection for the girl.But if you don't mind clicking on buildings like a maniac, getting your girls infected with STDs and... well... pimping around, you will have a good time with this game. There is not much to same on the gameplay: It's your everyday management sim/clicker-game: Earn lots of money in a short time by managing a group of camgirls. The style is really nice and funny, the girls are diverse, the humor crude at the game doesn't take itself seriously at all.It's a nice extra, that the achievements a quite challanging."
,Recommended,426000,28830884,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cheylea,"Surprisingly addictive, really enjoy playing."
76561198304819273,Recommended,426000,24783970,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sweetest_Smore,Really really addicting. Not like huniepop but very fun to play like it. Awesome.
,Recommended,426000,23892196,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,🐸young savant,I wish you could see more t*itties and a*ss but its fun
76561198053281539,Recommended,426000,24492537,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,What?,My ♥♥♥♥♥ went moist.
,Recommended,426000,28019538,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hENNIFER,"the most annoying girl of the bunch contracted AIDS the first time she turned a trick""Sarah is too depressed to do anything.""10/10"
,Recommended,426000,22347669,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Der Kommissar,"Owned a company managing cam ♥♥♥♥♥s that catered exclusively to anal, watersports and furries,10/10"
,Recommended,426000,33307860,Posted: 6 July,all,Chitanda Eru(千反田 える),"I think, I broke my mouse, well I don't care anymoreWORTH IT!!!!"
76561198063984515,Recommended,426000,33284020,Posted: 5 July,all,Bob Uy,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,426000,33120499,Posted: 2 July,all,zarias,anime porn lol
,Recommended,426000,22267039,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,N3crofear,
76561198165747887,Recommended,426000,33186075,Posted: 3 July,all,Kilo,I got this game for 95p.I now have constant boner.I am more addicted to this then coke.help.
76561198098613327,Recommended,426000,28318703,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SStrooper,I find this game very enjoyable. I wanted the badges but man it's rather addicting and difficult.
76561198206047367,Recommended,426000,22247670,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ZiggyDeathstar,"I love the balance between simple and complex that this game pulls off!It is a typical tycoon game with a unique twist! The 21 days go by quickly so you can complete a playthrough in a few hours.  In addition, you can play with some of your favorite girls from HuniePop!"
,Recommended,426000,22246070,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ColePram,"I was a little disappointed with the art style at first and didn't think I would dig a facebook click grinder game, but I was surprised at how much strategy goes into this game.HuniPot did it again. Great addictive game. Looking forward to playing more tomorrow. My one complaint is that you can't jump right into the game, every new round you have to sit through the intro talking and wait for the skip tutorial buttons. Haven't checked the options yet to see if that can be turned off.Great job."
76561198000690705,Recommended,426000,22250364,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,r.suijdam,"Huniecam is a fun little game. You can complete it in arround 3 hours. But it also took me a few tries without getting bankrupted.Let's start with 1 big negative. There's is absoluty no Nudity in this game. If it is, then I haven't found it yet. I've completed the game now 1 time all you get by the end of the game is some coins wich you can use to unlock new hairstyles and outfits. If you unlock all from 1 girl, You'll get a naughty picture, but no nudity.Let's get to the positivesI personally like the Graphics style, Although I loved the style from Huniepop more. But this is great to.Music is fine and the voice acting is minimal but also good.The game is easy to understand and there are a lot of different girls.Negatives:Absolute no story. It's just a management sim. And with 8 girl max. It can get a bit overwelming to control them all. Espacially because it's fast paced. Absoluty no time to think about your next move.The game will ""pause""if you open one of the menu's, but  you will lose the overview of the game.Can get a little bit repative.You can train each girl the same kinky thing.But even after these negatives, I think i will play another round. Just because I do like the atmosphere. In the end I think I would give this game a 6 out 10. Not a bad game, but there is a lot of room for improvement.Here's also some of my gameplay footage.https://youtu.be/3exgGsQBRtc"
76561198118536774,Recommended,426000,22247835,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Azza909,This Game is funny I like it up the haters
,Recommended,426000,22244910,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ghoul,"A pretty good game, it's a bit clikery, but there is some sense of strategy to it, and you have to manage what everyone is doing and stuff. The game is a bit on the easy side, as  I got a diamond medal by my third playthrough, and have almost all clothing and hair styles unlocked after around 6 hours. I don't mind the art style as this is an even less serious game than huniepop and is less adulty, at least with the pictures.Overall it's a pretty good game, although you'll probably have everything unlocked within 8-10 hours. But for $7, not too bad at all, and is definitely fun enogh to justify the purchase."
,Recommended,426000,22248802,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kaika -,"I can fap for this.......... Why not?Ok,It's a clicker game, i mean the value is too high for it, maybe in $ it is not high but in BRL is high for all the content we have in this game, i wish they add workshop or new contents like in clicker heroes that is a free game.[Portuguese]É um joguinho de click click, pra quebrar o cacetao do teu mouse kkk, por 13R$ não acho que valha a pena comprar, apenas se você ""não gastar"" dinheiro com ele, caso tenha dinheiro de cartinhas e talz. Espero que eles adicionem o workshop pra comunidade criar mods, mas acho que não irão fazer isso, então pelo menos que adicionem novos conteúdos, garotas, itens, objetivos.Em todo caso, só recomendo este jogo se você tiver dinheiro na sua carteira steam sobrando caso contrário espere uma promoção maior. Ou então fo**-se e vai fundo, eu não consegui ganhar nenhum troféu do objetivo do jogo ainda kkkk."
76561198040488723,Recommended,426000,22249106,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Melandrhild,"A  fun and nice game, even as female I can enjoy it, the arts are cute and just add to the fact the topics are treated with humor."
,Recommended,426000,22249622,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SSJHill,First off i like this game but its boring at stages i wish it felt like i got something out of it but i jest dont. (i recommend this casue i dont hate it it is worth 7$ its jest boring somewhat)
,Recommended,426000,22248575,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,yah,always wanted to manage hoes 10
,Recommended,426000,22245729,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,patreon dot com slash money,"pretty fun. i don't know who'd be into the art but its a nice small tycoon style game with some of those clicker game elements thrown in. a nice game for $7 little game.it should be noted that if you don't like looking at numbers go up, you shouldn't play this game.small rant: just because it looks like a flash game doesn't mean it should be free."
76561198138810881,Recommended,426000,22247896,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,sharksaregood,I've completed one round so far it's a bit harder then it looks (wink wink sorry) I think this is going to take a fair bit of practice to get the top trophys otherwise I like it
,Recommended,426000,22249295,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Al-Pa-Kuhs,"In my time of living i'd never have expected that being a cam show pimp would get me this far, the accolades i have recieved are tremendous and the money is just as good if you send a few out on service calls, Moral of the story my success comes from taking scared women out of an already ♥♥♥♥♥♥ economy and taking their dignity for my own self gain.Also the game was fun10/10- Would compare to real life again"
,Recommended,426000,22248205,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,♡.,"Honestly? I'm actually a lot fonder of the newer art style. I think it adds a more western approach and I really enjoy it. I like it a lot better than I like the original Huniepop.Onwards:Yes, this game is bad. But damn, did you play the first at all? This one is 1000% less vulgar and less ♥♥♥♥ed up. I love me some clickers too. I think a lot of people don't enjoy the game because they expected something too similar with the first. I think once you get past it being a ""sequel"" then it makes it much more enjoyable. If you don't like clickers, this game probably isn't for you and you're better off sticking with the first game.I do think there can be improvements; but I think as a small, clicker game it's one of my favourites. I also enjoy the time limit you get as I am a very competition based individual and I really like competing against my past scores. I understand why some don't like it; reviews will always be biased of course.That being said: I wish we got more time with the girls a la Huniepop. I actually enjoyed getting to know the characters but again, I get that the game's not about story and is 100% a pervert's game. I still ♥♥♥♥ing love it. Haha.Audrey, Kyu and Nikki are my girls from the first one and to see them back in makes me really giddy. I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥how annoying Kyu is I love her♥♥♥♥♥ Lilian's my current fave though; goth brats got me good because I too am a goth brat.Anyways, yes, it's worth the 6 bucks imo. You'll probably catch me playing THIS ONE in class since it's not as vulgar as the first. Still love it. I'll probably play this until I unlock all the outfits and achievements, simply because that's me. If you want something fun and quick and easy and kind of mind numbing (which is why I played Huniepop; to calm down during stressful situations), definitely recommend it. If you want something with more a story, then stick with the original."
,Recommended,426000,22248759,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Smooth Trooper,"Something just feels so right about getting a recently graduated former cheerleading captain doped up on cocaine, then sending her to buy smokes and booze for the rest of my harem before her cam show.10/10 Would partake in sex trafficking again."
,Recommended,426000,22250314,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"The game is vastly different from Huniepop, so if your looking for more of that, you will be disapointed.This game is a merger of a basic tycoon money management game with clicker mechanics.The game only lasts 21 in game days.During that time you need to hire, train and market you small army of cam girls to attact the most fans.You do this by increasing their traits, and gearing them to cater to specific fetishes.The pay off for this is some funny little in game trophies and tokens to unlock different looks for the girls, these give no benefit other then something to work towards.There is an ok ammount of replay value, you can try to beat your high score, unlock achievements, and unlock all costumes and hear styles for the girls while trying to get the big trophy.The game is crude and vulgar, and not for the easily offended.I feel for the price its a fun little game you can get some reasonable hours out of.If your not sure, get a copy from elsewhere, and if you liked it, support this small indie team to encourage them to make more fun little games like this and huniepop."
,Recommended,426000,22248735,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ahnnatari,Very addicting game. I can't stop playing! Must..Collect.. All of the Naughty Trophies!  Girl Approved :).
76561198065807058,Recommended,426000,22248887,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BuddyLuv324,"What HunieCam comes down to is at first glance a simple looking managment game. However going into the game the game is anything but simple. You have to run and operate a cam girl business starting with one girl. To make your business grow you have bring in more cam girls while managing your company's daily earning without going on the red and losing your business.  You'll have to be mindfull of this while managing yours girls' daily routines and getting the biggest possible fanbase all in  21 days.Pros:-Most of the returning girls from HuniePop appear along with brand new girls in the mix.-Controls are simple to grasp-There's a decent number of approaches on how to keep your company profitable while trying to gain the biggest fanbase possible within the game's 3 week time limit-Assessories for your girls vary from the weird to completely ♥♥♥♥ed up factor-The difficulty is surprisingly challenging trying to find a good playstyle that works to the player's methods in getting the highest rank and score possibleCons:-Those who hoped to find some graphic nudity this time around may be dissapointed-The simple looking graphics/artstyle and clicker based gameplay may turn off some, easily passing this for another Facebook game-Though there are upgrades to help pass the time during activities you choose your girls to participate in, the game at times can feel like sloth-Beyond the 21 day span, there's little to do outside the minimal unlockables and an ""endless mode""Vertict: Thumbs up. Though HunieCam isnt as involving as HuniePop when it comes to interracting with the characters. The gameplay seems to be the bigger priority as oppose to the eroge aspects. I would mostly recommend this game for those looking for a good time killer in their managment games along with some dark humor. The $7 price tag fits this type of game just fine, but just dont expecting anything epic to see. For you HuniePop fans you might have mixed feelings on this one. For those looking for a good fap or two in their gaming you may want to look elsewhere. For others looking for more out of their games beyond porn, give HunieCam a try."
76561198048752110,Recommended,426000,22249077,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dunwich Daddy,"Most complaints I've heard so far have to do with the gameplay and the art style.neither of which bother me, honestly. After the success of Hunniepop, I can't blame them for wanting to try something totally different. Maybe take a stab at other genres using this universe of characters. And I think that's a really cool idea.and I honestly think this was fun to play. It's an enjoyable, casual little game that I can see myself coming back to if I ever feel like lazing through an evening. I guess there are better clicker/management games out there, but I'm not big on playing them. The Hunniepot devs sense of humor is what brought me to this, same as their last game. Regardless of the adult content.So in the end, it's simple. You know what you're looking at. You know what kind of game it is. Does it look fun to you? Go for it. If not? Then don't buy it. It's that simple. Personally, I just feel like these guys are worth supporting so they can invest in bigger, future projects."
,Recommended,426000,22249571,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Prince Of Yeet,"This game does not dissapoint, even after 6 hours. I'm not even drunk"
,Recommended,426000,22246158,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Taebrythn,this is a clicker tycoon game that has a different artsyle. so if you don't mind the style and the type of game then you might enjoy this. some of the characters from huniepop make an appearance. there is voice acting for the girls. there is no story just lots of clicking/holding the mouse.
76561198142397220,Recommended,426000,23140066,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Kaede,pimp simulator11/10
,Not Recommended,426000,24043912,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hellzicke,What a utterly pointless game? Even tablet click-n-collect games got more depth than this.
76561198119061007,Not Recommended,426000,23964812,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,didido,"extremely boring, nothing like huniepop"
,Recommended,426000,22245379,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,peepee doodoo,"Thanks for the sequel, homie.HunieCam studio carries over a great deal of the ""charm"" of Huniepop the First, despite the smaller scope. It's basically a very stripped-down management game, designed around small sessions of play and improving your score, rather than a sustained effort. As such, there's not really a whole lot of content. It works well and is interesting, and I definitely have fun playing it, but you will see pretty much everything the game has to offer in a single, 1-2 hour installment. All that carries over between runs is costume unlocks, and considering how little you see or interact with the girls, it's not really much of an incentive except for true completionists.I think the price, strategically placed as it is at ""funny number"" dollars, is a little high to justify.  This is essentially a phone game. As such, I'd definitely reccomend it for 2-5 dollars. As it is currently priced, I can really only solidly recommend it for people who love management gamnes enough to want to repeatedly refine strategies to best their high score, brand loyalists, desperate degenerates or ironic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ers."
,Not Recommended,426000,22262555,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Man in Satin,"I really wanted to like this. I really did. Bought it on day one and everything. While I have no problem with the gameplay and I enjoyed the new art style, there is not enough content to warrant the price.I respect the idea behind it, but until it's cheaper or more content is added, I just can't recommend it when there are free games that do the concept better."
,Recommended,426000,22241619,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Zaddelz,Why cant they work in the Hot Dog Van too?
,Recommended,426000,22246378,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,𝑱𝒊𝒍𝒍,"Ah Hunie Dev.What can I say. You've done it again.So here we have HunieCam Studio; which isn't a direct continuation of HuniePop as you would first think.I'm be straight up about this. This game is theBALLS.I love HCS. I haven't even gotten a proper score on it yet and I still love it to pieces.The voice acting is great, the soundtrack is as good as the last game, the art direction, I think, is stellar (Despite what literally everyone else thinks) and the way the game plays is just fun overall.It can be tedious, but that comes with the sort of 'clicker' genre, but once I got the hang of it and the rewards just get gradually higher, it tends to leave me with a nice sense of accomplishment.Overall HunieCam Studio delivers a steady sort of relaxed gameplay environment which is a nice refresh from the type of things I usually play I.E ArmA 3, Dark Souls et cetera; and I am really pleased with how it turned out. (And looking forward to how many close minded people it's going to make angry :P )I woudl reccomend this to anyone who has a great sense of humor, lives in their mother's basement and faps on the daily kek.I can't wait for HunieDev's next masterpiece, and I'll be watching for future updates to HCS also.Thanks HuniePot guy. 10/10 it was okay"
,Recommended,426000,22247664,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,·Alpha Casual,Worth 6$. Camgirl tycoon.
76561198038419992,Recommended,426000,22243675,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jables,A unique take on tycoon clickers. Intense and challenging.
,Recommended,426000,22247340,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Craig,its a sim game with some fairly good humor. tbh its not as good as huniepop but its not bad
,Recommended,426000,22249506,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Sm Izumi,"A good little game, they worked well, good graphics, simple gameplay, easy to understand, well think and fit' the universe of huniepop.The only points i would say that bother me is the arts images you win with outfits/hairs collection that are already leaked so no surprise is very sad.Second point, the game is easy, could be harder ( different difficulties, special scoring mode ) cause now you get the trick and outsmart the casual players you really get bored and the whole game lose all his attractivity.I mean... Take 3 sane girls, pick up 0 items 0 hotels level only 3/4 style level then put all 3 on 5 Music note levelEarly grind fans, mid game you do money and upgrade only money pickup, time clic, cam investments, publicity.... then late game make millions dollars and just spend all these in 8 publicity that will multiply your dollars and fans. I did +200k fans without using any of your gameplay material. ( it need to get DLC or balance fix )"
,Recommended,426000,22247401,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hunie,I really like what they did
,Recommended,426000,22249719,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Crackfarmer,"Was waiting for this Game since it's been announced. Insta bought it after Release.I like it but it's very short in my opinion.Pros :- HuniePop Players will love it- Fun and not much time intenseCons :- Lacks alot Fetishes (i mean Cake farting but not the common Fetishes like Fisting, Gaping,etc - you name it)- Needs more content (Items from Shop, Fetishes, Promos, Outfits,Hairstyles)"
76561198020364260,Recommended,426000,22245305,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Chocobro,Works great.
,Recommended,426000,22247882,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,xReggie,Kreygasm
,Recommended,426000,22247766,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Degenerate,"I got this game off♥♥♥♥♥for a single pence. A dollar. I expected something completely different from a random steam code, and I got this interesting game.At first I cringed, then I installed, got past the obvious sexiness that they tried to sell it to me...And it was a pretty good time waster. Might come back to it, was enjoyable.At least I can say I got chlamydia, gonorrhea, and AIDS and still won the game file I was playing.8/10, would kinda' recommend for a lower price if you like what you saw from the obviosness of it being a fun clicker game."
,Recommended,426000,22243687,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TheWastelandWizard,"I'm a fan of Huniepot Dev and their lewd, crude humor, so I was excited to give it a playthrough. Here are some of my thoughts;Positives;+In Frame Audio+Voice Acting is still fantastic+Decent Tutorial/Skippable+The descriptions of the girls are still hilariousNegatives;-Voice Speed can drag a bit-Micromanaging will get the best of folks who can't multitask-Leveling up clickables means you're still stuck clicking.Overall; It's an entirely different beast from HuniePop, and that's both good and bad. It's a challenging, fun management sim on it's own, and a great timewaster. This game is hectic, with the pace only accelerating towards the end, but that's half the fun. Filling out your team, grinding fans, and trying to collect all the damn money will keep you busy.Only suggestion I would have for HuniePot is a $1-5k addition of ""Collect All Money/Items at Location"" rather than just escalating the automated collection bot. It gets a little excessive, and can be annoying."
,Recommended,426000,22248470,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Whore Feelings,If any of you give Audrey aids I swear i will find you and cut you!
76561198032064243,Recommended,426000,22243517,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ConradToyama,"Coming in from HuniePop, the game's new art style is a bit jarring.  It has more of a ""mobile"" look, though that may be intentional.The gameplay, however, is great.  The clock keeps ticking, and you have to budget your time between training girls, having them work, and making sure you have enough cash on hand to keep everyone paid while still getting upgrades.  It feels a bit short (21 day time limit), but has replayability which makes up for it.Overall, good game, and I'd recommend picking up it.  At $7 base price, you more than get your money's worth."
,Recommended,426000,22244923,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Reptilian,I finished this game within a hour and a half and it was fun. I'm not really good at these type of games so I was a little stressed out to win but others may enjoy it. I for sure recommend it.
,Recommended,426000,22820871,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sweaty But Passionate Wank,Extremely immersive gameplay.
,Not Recommended,426000,23920509,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Soundwave,"Firstly, if this game caught your eye because of the nudity tag, there's no nudity. It has the look and feel of a free-to-play web game, but with less enjoyment. Just don't bother. Seriously."
76561198103399301,Recommended,426000,22241776,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AntwanMantilla,I played games like Adventure Capitalist and Clicker Heroes for hours on end. This game is no different. My life has been sucked away already. The only thing this game needs is more girls. 10/10 would eat some Hunie again.
76561198057161864,Recommended,426000,22243772,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dinoboy555,"its fun. i really enjoyed it, some things they could fix is outfits. which i was really confused with until i beat the game. which this is like a small arcade game. so the art style makes way more sense. they didnt really need to go all out on a smaller game. only major issue. no kyu or any of the easter egg girls from normal hunie pop are actually usable as girls in this game. they should have a thing where she is usable if you get the diamond trophy. like i have, only real reason i tried getting it. other then that its really fun"
,Recommended,426000,22247053,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ava,I love this game! They include a lot of kinks that I didn't think would have been in this game. The girls are also adorable.
76561198067811400,Not Recommended,426000,22250413,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,I_R_ShaftZilla,"Very poor show.. I refunded this game after only 12 minutes.. The artstyle is so far from Huniepop (which I absolutely loved) and the gameplay is dull and its a boring clickathon.So much promise to be a fun, light hearted and comical game but it fell way short of the mark."
,Not Recommended,426000,23849839,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Char Exia,"So I was  a Major fan of the Hunie Pop game so whe I heard they made a second one I became super excited. Watched the trailer and saw it was extremly different and basically a clicker game so I held off on getting it. It finally wend on sale so I decided "" hey why not"". after playing the game for about an hour I beat it.Not only that but there is NO charm that the first game had. In the first game you really got to know and love the characters, this game gives you nothing. The new characters are just there and nothing is really known about them.This game just became repetitive and boring with no real heart to it.I would not reccomend this game :("
76561198019684499,Recommended,426000,22251018,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Very good micro managment game for the dosh, fun to play and got used to art style very quickly. 8/10 game overall, was very pleased with it."
76561198171276569,Not Recommended,426000,22248151,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,taroprincess,"I was so interested about the concept of the game. It was fun and exciting at first but after awhile it got repetitive. It is just a point and click game where you move them from different buildings. I was hoping you'd get to sneak peak in the camshows or photoshoots or something interesting where you can connect with the characters, but you cant.Cons:1: it was too fast paced for me. I felt like I was clicking and moving girls everywhere every second of the game. There was no time to relax at all and just enjoy the game. Especially since there was a deadline of 21 days and the timer went by so fast while the girls worked sooooo slow.2. the fact that majority of these girls craved drinks and cigs so much made it difficult. you have to have one of the girls as an errand girl who just bought cigs and drinks all the time3. some girls are like 30 something dollars an hour. Your♥♥♥♥♥is gonna go broke with just owning one of them in the beginning. To be honest, I didn't even use them because i just couldnt keep up with paying the girls and paying for investments.4. I liked the art itself, it was cute and everything, but for a game like this I felt like maybe the artwork in huniepop would have worked out better. They looked a bit childish for my taste and for the mood of the game.5. Everything is so damn expensive lol. the upgrades take forever to getI don't think I have any pros??? other than the music and concept and the voice sound better in this game than in huniepop. I think I just have to play it again to see if maybe a certain technique works to be able to make a lot of money and fans. I do not know, I am not good with money or management lol so if there is any tips help a sista out"
,Recommended,426000,30269280,Posted: 1 March,all,Get Dunked On Nerd,"love this game, excited to see what you make next"
76561198026725977,Recommended,426000,22244211,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jenocres,"Clicker game bred with a Tycoon game, that uses the characters from HuniePop.Gameplay is simple but fun, art is cute and light in the face of a darker background. Overall much shorter than HuniePop, and lacks a bit of the charm and character in the girls.Still fun, would recommend if you liked Huniepop."
,Not Recommended,426000,22246907,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ＩＮＦ－Ｋ（Ａ－ｙｎｅ－Ｈ）,"Not even two hours of gameplay, gameplay not deep. Avoid. Check other reviews if you want more reasons."
76561198294524267,Recommended,426000,22247497,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,playingwithjulia,"Worth the low price of admission, if only because through it I may yet have the opportunity to build an unstoppable cake farting fetish empire!  (Also, it's a relatively light casual tycoon/clicker game with plenty of silly humor to spare.)If you're curious, take a look at the following video for some early-game content:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVtLTCijB1AOverall, I would say this has met my expectations (not sure what others on here expected from the game).  Just don't go into this thinking you're going to get HuniePop all over again.  It's a different game (capitalizing on a different casual playstyle).PROS------- Still has that HuniePot sense of humor- Light and casual, something to play a little here and there without having to really expend mental energy on- Despite whatever controversy there may have been about the art style, the game looks polished and the art fits the gameplay and atmosphere- It's acamgirltycoon/clicker game...come on!CONS------- It's not HuniePop, just deal with it.- It's not the deepest tycoon game in existance (heck, it's more clicker than tycoon).- While the game becomes more random the longer it runs, the first few days/steps are pretty standardized (i.e., you're always presented with a choice of the same three girls to start, etc.)VERDICT---------There's a reason that the Steam page has a ""courtesy warning"" about this game not being fap-tastic material.  It's not.  The subject is a little risque, there are some dirty words here and there, and the visuals are certainly suggestive.  But this isn't a game designed to arouse -- just to give a little bit of sleazy fun.  Worth a buy (to support the developer and given how cheap it is).  You'll get your money's worth, but the experience depends entirely on what you expect going in."
,Recommended,426000,22241980,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DeafPereira,"The game is very well polished and is Clicker.The song is short and repetive but is normal, everyone games clicker have repetive song, but this song is cute.Now this game Only you have to do is make girl to cam for win money, make photo for win fans, when more fans more money, don't forgert buy drink and smoke if is out, your girls will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by gang lmfao.If you get Trophy of d*ck Diamond, you are real boss of pornography :D but srly, this game is funny and very well polished.8/10If people like click game and +18, I do recomend to buy this game."
,Recommended,426000,22242218,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,You know how good a game is when half of the achievements have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped trophies.
76561198119506789,Recommended,426000,22244333,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rhombro,I love it so far! I just completed my first playthrough and the way things played out my site ended up being very furry based XD my favorite character is definetly Brooke
76561198182486185,Recommended,426000,22244556,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,deelawrence28,Love it! If you really like fast paced tycoon games and cam girls what's not to love!
,Recommended,426000,22243065,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Hendudeboy,"Imagine a clicker game thats genuinely fun to play, has alot of polish, replay value, and STDs.Because that's this game.Round of applause for HuniePot for destroying the meta"
,Recommended,426000,22288974,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Azure,Started game. Got my first ♥♥♥♥♥. Made her make me money. took her to a hotel. contracted aids. droped her and got a new girl.....10/10 womens rights achived.
,Recommended,426000,22243059,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,HQToast,"Exploitation of young cam girls, forcing them to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ them selfes and work 24/7 for 1$/h.10/10Would buy againNah. Don't worry. They are all over 18... Japanese 18..."
,Recommended,426000,22248433,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Лучший,"-Game takes less than two hours to beat (there's literally a timer on it). After that, you just get asked if you wanna do exactly same thing from scratch and beat your own record. So much goes for replayability. Ofcourse, after first playthrough, you'll maybe have some ideas how you can do business better. But as long as spamming leftclicks is not your favourite thing in life, you'll probably give it a second thought.-Game lacks layers. HuniePop used to suddenly introduce you to new characters, some of which not only had very unique flavors, but some also asked questions from different hemisphere than the others. In HunieCam Studio, you would expect at least a new town with slightly different set of rules, after a first playthrough, so you'd have to adapt. But no, you're just being asked to do exactly same thing (the clicking) again.-Not to mention, learning about the characters was already the thing that made HuniePop great. I mean, they threw the winning formula out of the window, which is the worst part about whole transition. You have to deal with (seemingly) lifeless $luts, which may be a fitting outlook when your goal in life is to become a godfather of cyber-PIMPing. But in a game like this, it's probably not worth it to sacrifice tons of satisfaction for a bit of realism.-Game still has some good in it: pretty decent amount of content, fine learning curve, nice amount of hyperbolization and humor.Some people will think this game is good, probably if they like min-maxing or setting records, or if they're just in love with LMB. Other will think this game is terrible, cause they won't like spamming clicks for diks. I think it's alright, considering the cost was only 2$ in my location.I still will put a thumbs up on the game. Not because it wasn't a big letdown after HuniePop (it was), and not even because the game is fine in vacuum (although it is IMO). The main reason why I write this review is because I like authors and want them to get back on track and release another bang on game, so I can buy it and play it. Please, go back to drawing board and make a game which contains lots of RELATIONSHIPS with GIRLS and SEXUALITY."
,Not Recommended,426000,22245611,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Saareth,"Nothing compared with the first game. Useless, boring clicker with no point. Too fast for a good clicker game, too boring and decent for huniepop fans (no nudity at all just stupid chibby art). Don't buy it for any reason. #refunded"
76561198043222054,Recommended,426000,22245693,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mr.Carrot,Yeah! yeah! YEAH! yeah! Yeah! Yeah! YEAH!
,Not Recommended,426000,22245411,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Einarr Tyrsson,huniepop is awesome! with the patch its epic!this game however is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Theres more chance of you fapping to five rapes at freddys than this pishAIDS!
,Recommended,426000,22244111,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Venom,"Waited a long time for this game, Since I first saw it. Was not dissapointedSpent 6 hours on it, Worth the time if you have nothing else to do.First time bronze trophy, secound time silver, And now gold.. 400 fans away from platinum(?)10/10 would click again. And recommend. Yeh."
,Not Recommended,426000,22244221,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Zettai,Not this time.
76561198285029478,Recommended,426000,26137886,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sateenkaarimato,"6/5 so many waifu, no regrets"
76561198006295153,Recommended,426000,22243373,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,marklininak,"These guyes make fun simple games at a good price.  Good light hearted game.  A well crafted and clever game.  If you are easily offended, then this game is not for you."
,Recommended,426000,22250607,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,STARSBarry,"I was gonna buy the new Baldur's gate expansion but I found this game had more choiceI equiped my entire party with butt plugs and pillows, it is incredibly effective."
,Recommended,426000,22240430,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Xͩ̇ͧ̋̋̆̔͂̄͜҉̯͇͇̯̙͔͉́͘͞,"A simple, quick game based on time management and click upgrades.Definately worth the 6 dollars.Added bonus points for being the first cam girl management game ever.Extra points for the devs bravery in releasing this awesome sex positive game in the midst of a culture war.8/10"
76561197976548618,Recommended,426000,22283249,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,JerJer,"Fun, Interactive game - took me a second play through to get the hang of it, but still wanting more challenge-wise. This would be amazing on a mobile platform!!"
,Recommended,426000,22245103,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jeff Sproul,"Facts:This is not HuniePopThe art style is not the same as it was in HuniePopThis game is a ""clicker"" game.Almost every BAD review utilizes one of those three statements towards negative effect.More Facts!:This game was never supposed to be HuniePopHunieCam Studios is a very solid clicker game with thought-out mechanics and a fun puzzle style to it.Most Negative reviews didn't get to the end of the first 22 days in order to get a trophy.In their first playthrough, most people will only get the bronze trophy, if they get that far.I AM GOING TO SPEND SO MUCH TIME TRYING TO GET THAT DAMNED PLATINUM TROPHY.But seriously, this game is really well-done. You have to think ahead of time, and plan and prepare your strategy. It's definitely a unique take on the clicker genre and it actually has a lot of life and character to it. Sure it's quite tongue-in-cheek with its humor and genre, but I think the dialogue and the style really make for a unique game. Not to mention, for 6.99, it's a pretty decent bargain price.I've spent way more money on a lot less fun. (My account is littered with examples.)I can't think of many other games where I've made the following statements:""I guess if I have them both doing anal, it'll work out just fine.""""Is being pregnant an STD?""""I wouldn't be losing so much money if she wasn't so damn fashionable!""""How the ♥♥♥♥ am I going to get that platinum♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Not Recommended,426000,22247147,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kallenar,Utterly broken and painfully boring. This is absolutely nothing like HuniePop in any way/shape/form. It's just a half-arsed clicker that crashes after a few mins of play...Do not buy!
,Recommended,426000,22240396,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,#FuckAlice,"So this is a game...For me to run through the first part of the game it took me 1.7 hours.It's a cute tycoon game that is probably worth the $7. You'll have fun and laugh, but it will get repetitive pretty quick. This game would probably be more suited as an iOS or Andrroid game.You'll basically be sitting in your seat for an hour clicking on your screen mindlessly not even knowing what the end goal is. In the end you can continue building in your town or you can start a new game and try to beat your score.In the end I would give it a 7/10"
76561198066080455,Not Recommended,426000,26108310,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,lasurfer247,Just clicking is not fun. No interaction with the girls
,Not Recommended,426000,34767528,Posted: 5 September,all,jamesdeal1982,"If you're into phone app games with only 4 or 5 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ things to do. If you like games that seem like one big microtransaction. If you're into games that appear to be adult oriented but end up more like a game for kids. If you like mature rated games with ZERO sexuality or nudity. If you like wasting hours clicking go and then checking you cash level... This is your game.If not, stay away from this garbage. It's terrible. The only thing Adult about it is the idea that you're a cam girl manager who never sees the cam girls. It's a money management game and it sucks more Dik than a stripper looking for rent.Seriously don't waste your money."
,Recommended,426000,22243181,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,-⑨- Bred For Thuggery,making me choose between tiffany and nikki right off the bat is some real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,426000,22246437,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,pews,You will literally get AIDS by playing this game.
76561198001630928,Recommended,426000,24622225,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,WiccanMama,"I hate anime art; I can't take it seriously. That helps immensely with playing this game, 'cause the subject matter is slightly disturbing. Yet it's all so silly that I find it hilarious — kind of like how I felt when I saw Sin City.Fine, so we're running a cam studio. All the women are there voluntarily and get paid, so that's cool. Needing to keep the errand girl coked up intellectually disturbs me, but I get the mechanics. I also don't really like thinking about Cake Farting as a fetish, but...okay, so that's there.Mostly this is a personnel management click-fest (I prefer to just hold the mouse button down, to save my hand) with a sardonic, satirical theme. The best part is that while the personnel roster is always the same, what fetishes you can aquire and how many of their fans you can attract is random each game."
76561198242324426,Recommended,426000,23136087,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,leahtwdg,Best Pimp Simulator ever.
,Recommended,426000,23878234,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TehEmprah,5/6 - would contract syphilis again
,Recommended,426000,23840047,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nils Larson,Fun!
76561198068426303,Recommended,426000,23896572,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drabe,"I'm disapointed in this game, as a sequel to the critically acclaimed Hunie Pop I love in this game hoping to find much of the things that made its predecesor great. And truthfully I enjoyed playing this game I'm almost at 100% completition rating but what this game lacks are 2 things besides its art choise wich I'm not a fan of but w/e.1. Personality,not to say this game doesnt have personality but its doesn't have enought. Why would anyone play this game rather than another stupid♥♥♥♥♥game from facebook? I know this is much better but theres simply not a lot to do. A couple of more stages would have been a nice addition.2. Unlockables/ Late game rewards,the only thing the game offers as a reward is Kyu acknowledging your score, outfits for the girls and a picture of each of them that you've probably already seen in the loading screens. I mean come on, sure I cant complain about th oufits but how about unlockable girls? Actual artwork? (make it sensual like in hunepop if needed be) After a couple of playthrough you dont really need to play again, not even the achievents are that hard nor long to get.Although I'm being quite harsh on the game I do want to say again that I enjoyed it but I wish there would had been more effort put into the game. To be frank I played around 60h of HuniePop before having 100% completition and I've barelly got 13h and I'm already prety much done with HunieCam. I like this franchise and I'd love to see what they come up next.Buy this game if you feel like it, it's a guilty pleasure no need to be ashamed.6.5/10"
76561198256921620,Recommended,426000,23922132,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kayeol,"If you're expecting huniepop 2.0, save your money and don't get thisFor what it is, it's not bad. It's a simple time management clicker game, but with a limit of 21 days to reach certain goals. At first it seemed hard, but once you understand the strategy/method to get diamond with each run it becomes insanely easy. Each run is about 2 hours. If it's on sale, or you like these kinds of games, go for it. I wish there was more incentive to keep playing once you get the wardrobe, or even any incentive to keep playing on files past the 21 day range."
,Recommended,426000,24022982,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Schnidel,"So... I wasted nearly 20 hours on this game, got all achievements and now I sit on the toilet with my phone and write this review...Was it worth it? You tell me. 9/10 cuz there are no naked boobies sadly."
76561198164995179,Recommended,426000,23109349,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,tabbycat,Highly addictive time management game. Love the artwork too!
,Recommended,426000,22244412,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Queen B,Know that you're not getting something mindblowing here. It's a clicker/managment game. If that isn't your thing then this won't change your mindBut for what it is it's really fun. I got a good laugh some of the humor and got wrapped up really easy in the game itself. It's definetly worth the price.
,Recommended,426000,24750431,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Warbit,"Taking break from game, decided to write review.Fun Game. :DBetter than I thought looking at cartoon characters. :)Mature theme, no nudity, that I've seen. :)Still trying to get the platnium PP award. :|When in doubt check reviewers hours for how much enjoyment you can get for your dollar.  :0"
76561198020998869,Recommended,426000,24088809,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Flying Fox,Well... it's just another kind of clickerhero... only with some other sence of humor..Can be challenging if you want to hunt for aps - does not have to be if you know how to work on such gamesIt's fine on a saleHuniepop was way better - yeah i know different genre and all but still7/10 maybe
,Recommended,426000,22872838,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,spiritualmoonz,I love this game! it's too funny lmaoo and I missed my girls xD
,Recommended,426000,22535001,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ToXiK,"I have not put in enough hours in to make a fair review but so far I can say, this is not Huniepop 2 or related to Huniepop in any massive way, however I am not saying it is bad. It is a nice change from Huniepop, but I would still love to see a Huniepop 2. I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,426000,22524535,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Misdreavus,"I really enjoy this game. Huniepop is definitely better, but this game is still rather interesting. I definitely enjoyed my time with it, going for the Diamond Trophy soon"
,Recommended,426000,32902520,Posted: 27 June,all,Lethal_Squ1rtz,"The game introduction blew me away! I Laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off, and wished I had seen this game sooner. Whomever wrote the script for the tutorial was amazing. The Narrator/voice actress was a perfect match. At first glance, the cheesy promo caught my eye, but what made this game better was the theme and its new twist on such management type games. Remember that it's just a game... and nothing like Playboy Mantion.Pros: A good unique mature game, fun for all 18+ ages! Cheesy innuendosCons: You won't spend hours on this game. You'll go bankrupt first.Value: Buy!"
76561198060774590,Recommended,426000,32783102,Posted: 25 June,all,ultimate1320,Love it never had so much fun in such a simple game.Would really recommend it. I bought it on sale for €1.70 and hell jeah it was worth it xd
,Recommended,426000,29046281,Posted: 5 January,all,Mar-Mar,You are the pimp. They don't say no. Though they get stressed. Give them a break.Then go back to being the boss. <3
,Recommended,426000,22757489,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,gette,be pimpin' all the way to the top then my♥♥♥♥♥♥turned into diamondsguess i'm happy10/10 best game
,Recommended,426000,30087090,Posted: 21 February,all,Drew-Drew,why.
,Recommended,426000,23079695,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lokly,"I don't really like clickers, but i'm into kinky stuff and i love if the game is well done.This is a well done kinky clicker game, but as soon as you figure out how to properly do stuff it becomes only a clicker.Still god for its price, three hours well spent."
,Recommended,426000,28549862,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Just_Water,play it for the plot
,Recommended,426000,22277229,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"A half-and-half thumbs up.The degenerate Hunie charm is here. The polish that was in Huniepop is here.But... it's a very straightforward Diner Dash/Clicker hybrid (Very light on the clicker, you click, but only to make a station go faster or collect loot produced by a station, holding is an option and upgrades will reduce the clicks, but you don't click to infinity like you would in every other clicker, nor is the game fully automated like every other clicker as well.) with an endgame even more degenerate than the subject matter.For the early game, it's a rush, juggling between girls, hiring decisions, making your budget, staying stocked in smokes and booze. But that phase ends pretty quick as you get to the late game engine which is an incredibly simple engine crank, but to even describe it would SPOIL THE GAME'S SOLE STRATEGY. Even at about 1.5 hours a run and high score chasing, that's still a bit long. There are a couple of challenges in the cheevos but nothing relating to the game changes meaningfully at all with those so...I enjoyed it, but I am not going to break it out again after clearing it twice. Huniepop was pretty simple, but there was a lot of engagement with building a great combo engine and the tension of trying to get it to work in the moves you had. Huniecam does not have that.Still, immaculately polished and charming fun, but it is not going to last you long at all."
,Recommended,426000,33169557,Posted: 2 July,all,vanG,Now I know how I feel about being an online pimp
,Recommended,426000,33210987,Posted: 3 July,all,BigK64,"Why I recommend this game?  Uhh isn't it obvious?  The Management Mechanic, of course.  The one thing I like about these idle clicker games is that it allows me to plan out who does what in the game base on their respective specialties and inventory they have.  Like the RPGs and RTSs I play, this game makes me figure out which team combination will give me the efficient output when playing.  And I do enjoy game with a diverse cast of characters with their own unique personality and appearance.. . . . . Oh and hot anime girls are in this game doing prostitution.  So I guess that's another reason to buy the game."
,Recommended,426000,32279990,Posted: 8 June,all,cyanidejayden,i might of nutted
,Recommended,426000,23051352,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Valentyne,"This game is morally horrible, but so addicting. Essentially, you go from running a cam-model agency to a prostitution gig/drug ring. If you're looking for a fun clicker game, this is a fun one that may have you engrossed quicker than you'd like to admit. And to all you guys out there, be warned; this is not like HuniePop; there aren't really any sexy images and ""fapping"" material. It's basically a really good iOS/Android game that happens to be on Steam. But if you really enjoyed HuniePop for it's characters, writing, art-style, etc, you will probably enjoy HunieCam Studio."
,Recommended,426000,23049749,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mr. Grimad,I have no regrets.
,Recommended,426000,23151740,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ashlynita,"Brilliantly addictive clicker game with an amazing new art style and amusing content. HunieCam Studio might be simplistic but it certainly is not easy, especially with the new addition of Rock Hard Mode. HunieCam offers you a great adventure far different from Huniepop in terms of game play. In this game, you do not get to interact with the girls at all aside from telling them what they need to do in order to keep Kyu's business booming. Your job is to keep the fans coming so you can collect that sweet cash to pay off your girls and make sure you don't fall in debt. There are many qualities to this game that are sure to keep you entertained but the adventure is yours.Quick Tip: Stock up on condoms, STD meds, and the syringe that takes away STD side affects. Use the Motel. Motel = big money fast toward endgame."
76561198134437697,Recommended,426000,23195929,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Chartoots l'Poops,"After watching Markiplier and Mort3mer play it, I knew I had to get it. I do not regret the purchase whatsoever even if most of my friends shake their heads at me for playing it."
,Recommended,426000,23285077,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DareanTyde,The game is actually fun and you wont even care about the anime/nudity/other. All you'll care about is managing the girls and the money. 4/5
,Not Recommended,426000,22263762,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fhqwhgod,I expected a management game or something in the line of HuniePop and only got disappointment.
,Recommended,426000,22927363,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,dinks,pros: can play this game one handedcons: gives you carpal tunnel in that hand
,Recommended,426000,22304136,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[+ Seibadere +],Its a managment game set in the world of huniepop done in the style of those mobile managment games but without all the microtransactions.The biggest complaints ive seen about the game is the artstyle (which is subjective at best) and the games length.Its true each playthrough takes roughly 2-3 hours however the acheivments are set up in a way that if you want all the main acheivments centered around the various ingame awards then you are required to play it multiple times.Another thing that increases the replay value is gathering all the costumes and by extension CG's requires many playthroughs.All in all its a fun short game with very good replay value and is well worth the $6 price tag.
,Recommended,426000,28813930,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mojo,No boobs but kinda fun for a while
,Recommended,426000,28669054,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Leafy,"This may be an unpopular opinion, but I adore this game. I love it more than HuniePop, actually. Maybe it's not for everyone, but you can say that about any game. But let me break it down for you, cuz blandly saying why I do or don't like it doesn't help anyone.x The Porn - This is what everyone knows Hunie for, so I'll start here. No, it doesn't have porn. If you fully unlock a girl's wardrobe, you get a little extra art that's pretty sexual, but in terms of visual porn or anything pornographic happening, you're not gonna get much. Most of the game, you'll be looking at buildings and dragging girls on them. Since this game is about managing a cam studio, there's a lot of implied sexuality, and if you don't someone accidentally stumbling across your notes on the intersection of the MILF and Thick♥♥♥♥♥fetish demographics, that might be a problem, but honesly, there's nothing 'sexy' about it. It's more or less just adult humour. Don't get this game if you just want a fap.x The Art - Like I said previously, for the majority of the game, you'll be looking at the town, along with the occasional charts and the portraits of the girls. I honestly don't see why anyone complains about the art, because it's far better than HuniePop's. I could rant about this, but this is Steam not art school so I'll try to sum it up briefly. Obviously the art is more cartoony and stylised, which I think works in favour of the game (especially since it's more adult humour than porn). The colour, linework, and shading are very nicely done and I really get a feel for the character of the girls just by looking at them, they're expressive and vibrant. (as opposed to HuniePop's which I felt looked more bland?)x The Gameplay - Probably the most important part of a game, after all! It's a tycoon/management thing. If you don't like those kinds of games, you're probably not going to like it. Personally, I get in these awful moods where I need to chart everything and obsess about numbers and strategy, so these sorts of games satisfy a need of mine, and I think HunieCam is just the right level of depth. You don't have to carefully crunch your numbers or anything, but it's good to keep track of your target demographics and balance time spent making money with pulling in fans and taking care of maintenance. I also think it's the right amount of length. Often with tycoon games, there's a campaign mode and a freeform mode, both of which take awhile (and in freeform, never ends). Conversely, in HunieCam, the main goal of this game is to pull in as many fans as you can in 21 days. This takes a few hours, but can be finished in one sitting most of the time and gives you a nice, clear goal to focus on. It gives the game something of an arcade feel, as you're always pushing to beat your own high score. If you want, you can continue to play once the time limit is up, but personally, I feel by that point the game starts to feel repetitive as your file by that point will be in a rut where you're just pushing for more money and more fans rather than building your business up, which for me, is the most exciting part.x Difficulty - Personally, I thought this game was ridiculously easy on the normal difficulty. My first runthrough, I got Platinum, and second I got Diamond. Luckily, there's Rock Hard mode, which really ramps up the difficulty. So if you're just looking for something to relax and have fun with or really want to challenge yourself, there's a mode for either option.x Sound Design - It's nice. I wouldn't call it anything special, but the background music doesn't get annoying since it shifts depending on the time of day, so it doesn't get old, and the voice acting is a fun and cute addition. I generally don't have strong opinions on video game music, as I tend to turn it off and listen to what I want, but it's not bad.x Replay Value - This is where I really find value in a game-- how much time can I waste on it playing it over and over again. With HuniePop, once I'd unlocked *everything* on every girl there wasn't much point in replaying, unless I really, really wanted all the achievements, and a typical player might just stop after having banged every girl. HunieCam, meanwhile, is meant to be played through in one sitting, after which you can try again with a fresh run. Within the time constraint of 21 days, I don't find the game to get repetitive or dull, so I definitely see myself coming back for more and more.Overall, I'd say if you like tycoons or addictive games where you push against your high score, this is a nice game, and I'd recommend it. If you're looking for a wank, I'd recommend getting a dating sim or going elsewhere on the internet instead."
,Recommended,426000,33752112,Posted: 23 July,all,comardo,"Fun game to waste time on! Really great voice acting, melds into the immersion of the game. It's fun to try different ways to earn more fans by the end of the game. Achievements don't feel like impossible goals like some other games. I really enjoy collecting the different outfits & hairstyles."
,Recommended,426000,33841637,Posted: 27 July,all,jul,Fun and rewarding for people who like games were you just have to click a lot.I really enjoyed playing this and it was quite addicting. It takes a pretty long time to complete and it's not easy to get a good score but it was (to my surprise) not boring.The voices could get a little annoying but I think there was a mute option for those.
76561198116559168,Recommended,426000,29332647,Posted: 18 January,all,Zaria,Never in my life have I worked so hard for a♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,426000,22605044,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Pilkie,"I never knew being an uneducated, stripper for a webcam on the internet required a ♥♥♥♥ing MBA"
76561198077071268,Recommended,426000,22259099,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,HANZO'S LEFT TIT,Playing this game led me one step closer to killing myself!
,Recommended,426000,22486341,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AJ,"Ever been playing Skyrim and then all of the sudden you have the urge to be a pervert and be able to game at the same time? Well sweet mother Teresa's♥♥♥♥♥♥now you can!HunieCam Studio is the latest hit from the people that brought you HuniePop, and it's taking sexy fictional girls to the next level!With HunieCam Studio you can be the legal pimp of (whatever city you want it to be bby) by running your own webcam services. Hire all kinds of women to flaunt their packages on the internet for money, including your favorite women from HuniePop! Hone your skills in legalized prostitution to stride for the greatest award in all of gaming, the Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy!Pros:-Sexy AF-A challenging game to keep you entertained♥♥♥♥♥♥-More♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-Not enough♥♥♥♥♥♥So go ahead and hit that ""purchase for myself"" button, or even buy it and gift it to your friends so you can talk about how much dough your women are raking in during 1st hour of junior year."
,Recommended,426000,22246676,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,nevermind,"I didn't plan on spending 7 hours playing this on the very first day, but I did. I won a golden♥♥♥♥♥♥award. My favorite new girl is either the weeb or the one who thinks she's a robot."
,Recommended,426000,22251369,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SophieRGames,"Before you think about buying this game just know this: It's NOTHING like Huniepop.I started playing it and honestly I wasn't at all enthused, I thought it was kinda boring. But then I spent five hours on it in the first night and I realised I really do like it.It's not like Huniepop - honestly, the only real similarity is Kyu - but that's okay. It's a mobile game, on PC, without in-app purchases and I like that. I like the whole game. It's challenging yet simple and engaging.I'll be playing this for a while tbh."
,Not Recommended,426000,22243746,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,E3 DranksTom Servo,"Figured I'd give it a shot. Was told to ""finger blast"" a building by an insulting tutorial.If this was a newgrounds upload it would probably be blammed for being worthless."
76561198004893184,Recommended,426000,22247290,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Esdian,"Game is more fun than I thought it would be, The clicker aspect is not terrable and I'm still tring to get startagy for doing better. So For me, Tis fun. For the Price, if you want a fun clicker OR a decent time managment game, I say get it. But thats me."
,Recommended,426000,22249760,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,McFoul,">Come for the waifus,>stay for the clicking.>11 / 10 would disappoint family again."
,Recommended,426000,22246904,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Eisherz,"So I'll just put this out here.This game is shameless fun.Is 5$It provided me with at least a good four hours of enjoyment.It's not ashamed to be politically uncorrect in this day of politically correctness.It shamelessly basks in its own political correctnessThere are a few complaints though.1. it's impossible to earn all the outfits of the girls in one playthrough, I get it's designed for multiple, but the reality is i’d rather have an opportunity to earn all in one playthrough. Similarly the mechanic of unlocking them isn't my favourite, I wish there just was a ‘clothing store’ in game that would unlock the outfits.2. the 'escort' functionality isn't worth the gamble. The mechanic isn't fun as the % of getting something is way too high. once you get something it takes days of meds (that you have to get from the adult store, randomly) before the girl is fully healthy again. in my opinion the disease mechanic isn't worth the hassle, and shouldn't be in the game. I like the escort mechanic idea, but it should be balance a different way. Perhaps only granting 1/xth the money for the shorter duration.3. Some other balance issues, mainly gaining fans, early game pictures are important, but after getting one or two paid advertisements, it becomes pointless to raise that stat, boosting other items becomes a priority.To sum up though, If you like short silly games that shamelessly flaunt what they are. That aren't afraid of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off SJW's, that's genuinely fun to play for short bursts and has a few unique concepts. That unapologetically plays on stereotypes and entertains you along the way. This game is for you."
,Recommended,426000,22247018,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cringey Ikari,"I'd like to start by reminding everyone how rare it is to see a game of this kind with such a distinctly Western art style.  I know the developer got some flack for it, but I could not be more satisfied with the look of this game.  And for those of you who don't like this style.. can you at least appreciate that he's giving us some variety?  If you can't, then poo on you.With that said, this is a pretty standard management simulator under the hood.  However, the hood in this metaphor belongs to a car with one awesome paint job.  This game is really funny, and most of the humor comes from how casually it treats its subject matter.  Who knew that running a porn studio that doubles as the front for an underground prositutiton ring would feel so much like running a restaraunt?And yeah, it is pornographic.. in the loosest sense.  The girls are supposed to be attractive, and they DO say and do lewd things, but the game is actually totally work-safe.  For me, this makes the game even funnier, and if you're the kind of person who gets off to cartoons, then this is still lewder than what you're probably used to, so it's a win/win.EDIT (November 2016):I have now actually played HuniePop.HuniePop:-anime art style-average gameplay-character momentsHunieCam Studio:-Western art style-addictive gameplay-internet humorMost people I've talked to prefer HuniePop, and while I do understand why, I still prefer HunieCam Studio.  Also, I'm nominating this for The ""5 More Minutes"" Award."
,Recommended,426000,22243428,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sasoric Yukari,Force girl to make munie and fans for you to receive a Pen*s trophy.10/10
76561198032375857,Recommended,426000,22246905,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Princess spaghetti pants,I'm going to let others discuss the mechanics and other positives.  What i love about this game is that instead of doing the easy cash in of huniepop 2 they did the opposite.  This is not a triple a studio these are a few people who made a really solid stupid game for cheap.  Any game worth a damn that costs almost nothing is either a f2p microtransation♥♥♥♥♥pimple.  Or at least 20 bucks or more stuffed with dlc and never finished until 5 months or or not at all.The guys behind huniecam have earned my loyalty and respect.  I don't care if we get huniepop 2 next just keep doin what the invisible game fairy tell you to do next guys.(although i am not going to lie and say i wouldn't s**t myself with joy if the new girls got the huniepop style)
,Recommended,426000,22247700,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tony,I don't know what dev thinking. This is really worst they better do some kinda puzzle with ero theme like first Hunie Pop. Something like Hunie Tetris sound better than this ♥♥♥♥in game. omg y u do disBut... it fullfill my sin i would recommend it anyway :V
,Recommended,426000,22249524,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ＹＯＳＨＩ－Ｋ,"Cake farts,♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies, and a love for the coco.8/10"
,Recommended,426000,22246928,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lucky,"It's different from Huniepop for a reason, and it's a good game on its own. You can't compare this game to Huniepop and the game itself is wonderful. Well worth it."
,Recommended,426000,22245377,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Gorshred,A really hard achievement-based pimp simulator.
76561198068900191,Recommended,426000,22246498,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mollusk,Exactly what I expected
,Recommended,426000,22247977,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Muticere,"I'm having an excellent time with this game.  The art is great (screw the haters), the gameplay is deceptively simple with plenty of hidden depths (similar to HuniePop), and it's extremely addicting.The surprise gimmick with this game is that it is a TIMED management sim!  Typically management sims let you play for an indefinite period of time and you only lose if you go bankrupt or fail to meet some other pre-conceived expectation.  HunieCam, however, gives you 21 in-game days and after those days are up, you're scored on several factors, the main one being how many followers your girls have accumulated in total.  If you don't meet any of the qualifying amounts, you essentially ""lose"".  You can continue playing, but there isn't anything to achieve now, so you may as well start over, unless you want to use this save file for practice.The neat thing about structuring your play with a time limit is it forces you to play the game more strategically than you normally would.  This opens up the possibility for a multiplicity of play styles and your approach to victory can be completely different almost every time.  Do you want a multiplicity of untrained girls who don't earn much, but can build up a sizable fanbase fast?  Or do you want a more select few who are highly skilled, girls who cost a ton to keep around, but have the potential to rack up huge fanbases as well?  I'm still discovering different approaches to victory and can tell those two aren't the only ways to win.After playing through several times, though I have to say I wish this were a mobile game a little more than it being a PC game.  It would work well on an iPad.  Also I hope HuniePot decides to support this game better than they did with HuniePop and give us more content in the future.All-in-all, I like what HuniePot has done here.  I'm pleased they didn't ask for another handout to create this game and instead used resources earned from the success of HuniePop.  I think they released a quality product with a good gimmick and interesting gameplay.  If you like management sims that require some inventiveness in order to succeed at and especially if you have fascination with the porn industry, you should give this game a try."
76561198176546422,Recommended,426000,22250317,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TragicGrim,Love the game to the point of retardation. <3
,Recommended,426000,22246268,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,KantaiTwi~~ -chan,The game gets bland and repetitive after a while. Bout it. Just do the same things over and over again. 10/10 m8s :c
76561197970754770,Recommended,426000,22243473,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ardbug,"A silly clicker with a funny narrator, just a bit of cheeky fun, and the developers are very cool, definitely worth it for 6:29."
,Recommended,426000,22247843,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mattaconda,"Finally! A game where I can profit from chubby milfs with tattoos instead of just lusting after them on my laptop.Uhhh... I mean... yeah, it's a fun little game. If you're a pervert. Which I'm not."
,Recommended,426000,22250164,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,OMOcat,"A M A Z I N GMAZINGDont listen to all the mad kids on the community, its really cute and fast clicky action. theres a bit of depth and strategy that goes along with it too~  sorry you cant rub your chub to this game boys.Anyways, It took me about 18 hours to 100% this game for steam cheevos. It was fun and worth the munnies.Sorry fam~"
,Recommended,426000,22245341,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,x1antboy95,And thats how cam girls are made
76561197971791547,Recommended,426000,22246310,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,youareivan,"i really enjoyed this game. very fun and irreverant with enough depth of play to make it well worth the investment. good soundtrack and voice acting, nice art style, interesting play."
,Recommended,426000,22247488,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ChatterB0x,This is just FarmVille with cam girls and holds nothing new to the easy point and click management game... I love it!
76561198071829379,Recommended,426000,22247603,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,mpeelx01,"This is a great game and despite its simplicity, I've already found myself sucked in for over 5 hours. It's of course a different type of game than Huniepop was, but it manages to bring the same weird charm as its predecessor. That being said, although the game is absolutely worth it as is, it strikes me as a game that could be made even better by a patch/update that tweaks a few minor things. The big one that comes to mind is to randomize the starting girls.Right now, you always have the same 3 girls for selection at the start, and the fetishes of the girl you start with strongly influence how you play the rest of the game and which girls you'll want to hire as you progress. That's fine, but with the same 3 starting options each time it'll start to be restrictive after a few plays. If you could randomize the starters to be out of any of the ~18 total girls, it'd provide more variety by forcing you to work with different starting fetishes (your starting fetishes pretty much always become your most profitable ones), and thus different characters each playthrough.Unrelated to the above suggestion, I really appreciate that the music for this game is either by the same person who did Huniepop's, or it was made to intentionally call back to Huniepop's great soundtrack. Additionally, it sounds like the voice actresses for the girls either reprise their roles here, or they got some damn good impersonators to replace them. That attention to detail in the sound design is a very nice touch.So, great game. Totally recommended as is, but I do hope to see a couple of tweaks to balance and the above shortcoming in the future."
,Recommended,426000,22248971,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,impeccable_dan (╭ರ෴•́),It was a nice experience for the price i guess.
76561198266627962,Recommended,426000,22249427,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,jinzhan,"Im voting thumbs up...but only becuse there's no middle ground voting...(and I do wanna support the team)I played the first game and this...to be honest, I perfer the first one...I know it's a different gameing and all... but this one is lacking of.....how should I put this.I played Huniepop, and even though its basically like candy crush gaming, but it has character in it,I'm invested on developing the relations with the character, and knowing them...and the game is alot more rewarding.While Huniecam...well....I can't feel the same way...Personaly a lil dissapointed with the ""reasons"" why some of the characters decided to this ""gig""like for Audrey ... yes she's a ♥♥♥♥♥, but she's actually the nicest innocent ♥♥♥♥♥ in the game if you get to know her...so I can't really see her to be doing this, and ""escorting""? okay.....I can bear to send her camming photo shooting, but there's NO way I will send her ""escorting""A lil glad they changed her profile to ""last boyfriend"" atleast....its not directly refering the player on Hunnipop..but still..(okay...this part seems a lil personal cause I like Audrey most)Last...if they're planning to release another game, I really hope it could be more invested on the chartacters. cause that's why I liked it in the first place."
76561198151750110,Recommended,426000,22249864,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Chief_Thunderhooves,"To me the only thing that's getting to me is the art style,which is good in it's own but it's a huge jump from how the characters in HuniePop are desgined. This does go in a different path but it would've been better on it's own then piggy backing off another game. Would recommend yes."
76561198151765798,Recommended,426000,22250263,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,logankr94,"Ok so it's not huniepop, It's still alot of fun I can dig it"
76561198044321765,Recommended,426000,22250605,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Niklasbane(PM),"This game is basically a relatively short clicker/facebook game parody set in the Huniepop universe (AU, but whatever.)There's no explicit nudity, but there are toon versions of adult toys accompanied by explicit texts, and it is - true to the maker's previous title - filled to the brim with foul language.Personally, the hilarious language and perfect voice acting of Huniepop was a definite highlight of the title, and fortunately HunieCam Studio features much of the same thing with the same voice actors.If Kyu's insults and snark had you rolling or in love, there's more of that to enjoy here.The game is fairly short, finishable in about two hours. Once you finish a playthrough, you're awarded token coins based on how many fans you accumulated, and with those tokens you can unlock different hairstyles and outfits for your girls.Each girl has 4 clothing sets and 4 hairstyles to unlock, and if you unlock all of a girl's alts you'll unlock a bonus photograph of her to look at, although there's no explicit nudity in those either.If you enjoyed Huniepop then you could probably kill an hour or two with this game, provided the lack of explicit nudity isn't a deal-breaker for you. It's nothing amazing and even a Huniepop fan like myself could probably live without it, but it's a neat little mini-HuniePop experience in case you've been missing it."
,Recommended,426000,22254833,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Joker,"A nice take on business management sims. You need to balance investments, staffing, finances, time, and risk. A good sink of time and good for several playthroughs. Well worth the low price tag. It has adult humor but is not obscene. Some people are unhappy because they expected something else. They wanted p ornography and got a game. This is Huniepot, not Winged Cloud, so respect their artistic vision. It is a small company starting out and they need to get a few franchises started and not condemned to being a single franchise group. They have a great sense of humor and creative endeavor, and I look forward to their future work."
76561198056416733,Recommended,426000,22258614,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dynastystar,"Update as of April 7th 2016: The criticism I have of the game seems to be somewhat addressed. The developer introduced a ""Rock Hard Mode"" that is unlocked after you get the Gold Trophy(which as I recall is 25k Fans). I already uninstalled the game so I have yet to test out the new difficulty mode to provide more information, but if/when I pick the game up again, I will update this review further.Loving this game, can be a bit too easy though. I've been going after the achievements recently and even while I'm going for things like the achievement to get the Bronze Statue without using Accessories, I'm still able to get the Diamond Statue(second highest statue for having 50k fans). On my second playthrough, I got 165k fans which is 65k above the highest statue. Something that could really do wonders for this game is some kind of leaderboard as well as a ""Hard Mode"" of some kind.I was somewhat shocked at how short each playthrough is since you'll be done a playthrough after a couple hours or so. However, there is some replayability in that after you finish a playthrough, you get Wardrobe Tokens that are used to unlock hairstyles and outfits that can be changed for each girl for her to have in future playthroughs. You can then go do another playthrough with a different playstyle. Use different girls, different fetishes, different accessories, and overall micromanage your girls and investments differently.Its one of the best clickers I've ever played."
,Recommended,426000,22245155,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mr Plow,"A great waifu management game until you start stressing over the fact youre about to run out of cigarettes and alcohol and all youre girls are camming. Apart from that, great game!"
76561198191252605,Recommended,426000,29150258,Posted: 9 January,all,Py,"Love this game, but boy does my wrist hurt... *cough*"
,Not Recommended,426000,24317344,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,KoD,I feel bad.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=660448458
,Recommended,426000,22948383,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CakesGoSupernova,"Honestly, if you liked HuniePop, you'll like this game. There are similar elements to it but it is different. Honestly, I like HunieCam better than HuniePop; there wasn't an element of ""Bewjeweled"" or ""Candy Crush"" to it. It's kinda like an otome game without it actually being an otome game. I loved."
,Recommended,426000,22288927,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Spieluhr,"I played nonstop  for 10 hours instead of sleeping... After reading negative reviews, and having played Hunie Pop (no deep gameplay there), was expecting a fun little time-waster and not much else. I don't feel disappointed. I started off doing terrible and scoring way below any trophy, and my next couple of attempts went progressively better. Yeah, it's a pity the game is so short, cause I do find it fun, but I feel the price is right for it. I find the achievements a good challenge and will be spending some time trying to get them all. After that there's nothing to do, but I hope HuniePot will release some dlc in the future."
,Recommended,426000,22258790,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Crauza,Making my mother proud ლ(́◉◞౪◟◉‵ლ)
,Recommended,426000,22260223,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tr✿shit W✿ifu,Just got the Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy. Now what?
,Recommended,426000,22262617,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,<3,"The cam girl business is some serious♥♥♥♥♥♥Through the power of YOUR hands, you can:- work these girls nonstop for days- give them little time to relieve stress which you can cut- supply them with drugs to get them working faster or even longer- send them to a sleazy motel for escorting services with shady customers, only to eventually get a STD- keep the diseased working by pumping them with steroids- have a mother and daughter work side-by-side- steal all of the unsuspecting model agency's girls- hire one of them to become an errand girl for the rest of her life, so she can feed the addictions of other girls- cut their pay with a ♥♥♥♥ing piggybank- pretty much enslave your work force by taking a huge cut of their revenue, effectively keeping them trappedYet these girls just keep on working. Its such brutal work, but it is such a brutal world out there. They gotta make money somehow. I bet some of them would do this for free. These poor girls.And why do I run such a disgusting business? For the money as well? For the♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies? The thrill of watching all the girls do all this dirty work?I've always wanted my own harem, but not like this. I don't know why I keep playing. Help me."
,Recommended,426000,22247840,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,sans,i grew to hate smoking and drinking thanks to this game.10/10 would learn a valuable lesson again.
,Recommended,426000,22282230,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Wolvenna,"Everyone claiming to be ""so disappointed"" because this game ""is nowhere near as good as Huniepop"" and that it ""lacks depth and gets boring quickly""  needs to stop and seriously think about those statements. Huniepop was little more than one of a thousand Bejeweled clones out there. The main difference is that it was wrapped in anime graphics with a really crappy dating sim and a sad excuse of a story (seriously there are p0rno's with better plots). Seriously, every single day played out the same. Track down chick. Give presents. Go on date. Repeat x3 and sometimes you'd be rewarded with partial pixel nudity.  But it was the same thing. Every day. And it was boring. I enjoyed it, don't get me wrong, but after I had gotten a few days into I just wanted it to be over with. I kept going because I wanted to ""catch 'em all"" so to speak. But don't kid yourselves. The girls weren't some amazingly deep creations that were so awesome I wanted to get to know them better. They were basically cardboard stereotypes with a thin excuse of a personality.All that said. I enjoyed the game. Because it didn't try to be anything other than what it was. And after I got all the girls and finished the game I felt a deep sense of accomplishment. I was happy with it. But I haven't picked it up since.I bought Huniecam Studio roughly 5 hours ago and have played through it twice already. I was getting ready to do a third run when I decided to swing by and leave a review.This game might be boring to some people, but not to me. There's a hint of time management and a dash of tycoon game...in the end it is neither of those thing. It lacks the urgency of time management if you're not swimming in cash by the end of the game then you're doing something wrong.It's not about either of those things. The game is all about increasing your fans and cash has no bearing on that. Just like Huniepop, it's all about finding the right combos and matching things up correctly in a specific amount of time. This time, however, the combos are much less obvious than different colored icons flashing on the screen.This isn't a deeply innovative or life changing game and I wasn't expecting it to be. Instead it just is. It's enjoyable and it's best approached without trying to compare it to Huniepop. They're completely different games and Huniepop pales in comparison."
,Recommended,426000,22291431,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Where is Maddie McCann?,"Well worth the price of admission. Simple, fun game, it even comes with a harder difficulty setting. If you ever wanted to know what it is like to live the life of the guy in ""Hot Girls Wanted"" this is your ticket. Enjoy, and to all you naysayers, relax a buit, don't take things so seriously. Have a good laugh."
,Recommended,426000,22244504,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ｃｒａｙｆｉｓｈ,I have learned much more about entrepreneurship in few minutes than i have during 3 years of business collegeStrongly recommend for those who want to start their own pimp-empire
,Recommended,426000,22247589,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BeardAndPipe,"Solid gameplay. Not a fan of the art change, butt what can you do?The game is fun and was pretty easy to 100% in the 8 hours I've played here on the first day of release.I support this developer and can't wait to see what what's next!sequal out of 10"
,Not Recommended,426000,22309011,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Tyrannohotep,"I will give the game props on the cute anime-influenced aesthetic, because it suits a game about cam girls pandering to sexually frustrated male anime fans (aka the ♥♥♥♥♥ demographic). This amounts to nothing more than icing for what's otherwise a rather dull cake. The gameplay amounts to nothing more than dropping avatars on buildings and then clicking for money points. I was also disappointed in the process of recruiting girls; you only get three options each time, the only way to get more is to recruit one who might end up a money drain if you don't have enough slots, and there doesn't seem to be any mechanism for firing girls if you can't pay them all. Good thing this was cheap because it was a waste of money!"
,Not Recommended,426000,22332250,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"""The game offers pretty standard fare as far as game mechanics go. I like the idea of adult-themed games done with comedy being it’s primary intention, which I believe is what they were attempting here, but it managed to fall short of actually engaging me. The game’s methods and styles are much more suited to mobile devices than a PC and I feel that on that style of platform, this game and games of it’s type would probably do extremely well. On PC however, the game is left wanting.""See my full review here:https://youtu.be/lJBpclCFWXA"
76561198086061585,Recommended,426000,22277339,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,gaia.razus,"Great management game. Simple to learn, various ways to play and good erotic concept arts.I really love the picture of some achievements in this game. lol"
,Recommended,426000,35186658,Posted: 24 September,all,★ Bartes ★,"HunieCam StudioBecome a pimp and make your way up to be a legend to earn a Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hire a diffrent girls to please the audience on cam show. Use money to pay salaries and invest some of them for your company and to train girls. Send them to Sleazy Motel, use condom or gain a girl with some STD's. And that is it game about being a pimp a lot of fun. My parents are proud of me that i finished this production on 100% ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198027331790,Recommended,426000,22791586,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,YouRuinedMyMojo,I haven't left my house for three consecutive days now
,Recommended,426000,23108255,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,wug,that probably wasnt the wisest way to spend the third of a burg's money but at least the art isnt shieeeeeeeeeet anymore
,Recommended,426000,22259172,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Squids have curves,"Thanks to this game I discovered that farting on cakes was a fetish, my youthful innocence is now gone."
,Not Recommended,426000,32841890,Posted: 26 June,all,Nevermind,all my girls get aidsgg
,Not Recommended,426000,24819786,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,johnanderson,"This is cookie clicker with different graphics.  It retains none of the humor and skill required from HuniePop.  I've played a couple of playthroughs, and still just don't see the draw.HuniePop was awesome.  This is not even close."
,Recommended,426000,31797289,Posted: 16 May,all,AnimeEDM,despite the change in artstyle and the direction this game went i do love it!seriously i love it!its challengingis kinda how far can you get managment system where you have to manage your 'girls' and see if you can get a nice ''trophy''!
,Recommended,426000,24774365,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"Love this game, strangely addictive. I have over a million fans and pound/dollars haha"
76561198285140109,Recommended,426000,23847891,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jaquie,great game yes
,Recommended,426000,24839140,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Spring Onion,"They said this game wouldn't get me girls. They said that the skills I learned in huniecam would get me nowhere in life. Look at me now! I'm still nowhere in life, but I'm dating a camgirl. And it's all thanks to the balancing and math skills I learned from this game. Thank you, Huniepop!"
,Recommended,426000,22253591,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dreadlord Jaina,"I really like Lillian because after being molested and abused by my sister, I can only get off to super ♥♥♥♥♥y, mean and awful girls.10/10"
,Recommended,426000,29197360,Posted: 11 January,all,sonyguy,I don't know why i got the game god help me
76561198053305731,Recommended,426000,22241831,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,RenderTechnician,Like Roller Coaster Tycoon only instead of building Roller Coasters you ♥♥♥♥♥ out a load of ♥♥♥♥♥s10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥ again
76561198031433857,Not Recommended,426000,35397913,Posted: 1 October,all,rackak2010,Nothing going on here.
,Not Recommended,426000,35396966,Posted: 1 October,all,[BLS] loonatic ☭,this game gives me anxiety and isn't worth to replay it to beat a high score
,Recommended,426000,27371532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:71% YES/ 29% NOGOODArt is very cute.Gameplay is simplistic and hectic! Really didn't expect to get lost in a sea of cigarette buying and managing my girls' activities so heavily.Lots of variety in the girls so you can pick your favorites to speed run the 21 days mode.NEUTRALHonestly sometimes it's too stressful! It's easy to feel like you're drowning in debt day after day the first week. Still manageable, though.BADKinda shallow gameplay wise. You'll want to max out everything after the first set of 21 days and I wasn't very enticed to restart the game and see if I could get a better run.SUMMARYI'd love to see a sequel with more things to do and maybe a more interesting main mode aside from the 21 days mode. Maybe better things to unlock after the main mode to make runs more interesting? Or perhaps more things to customize for an endless mode. Either way it's fine for the price but know the main mode is a speedrun/optimization mode, where there isn't much aside from that."
,Not Recommended,426000,26401084,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Beherit,"Note that ""adult theme"" in this game does NOT equal pornographic, erotic, nude etc.If this game would have a theme other than sexual, it wouldn't be any different from other management simulations that 10-year old kids play on their mobile phones and tablets.Sure, it's fun for a couple of playthroughs. But as soon as the novelty wears off getting your girls to use drugs with no negative consequences (but suffer them for having unprotected sex and even catching AIDS), this game gets just as repetitive and boring with time as similar management games."
,Recommended,426000,26549235,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jimmy?,Great stuff!
,Recommended,426000,26509098,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,imp,Fun and addicting.
,Recommended,426000,24408653,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cocoabine,"7/10 - This game taught me two things:1. Getting AIDS means you can never leave your house or go anywhere, ever.2. Cake farting."
,Recommended,426000,23826715,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,WickedVisage,Because Boobs.
,Recommended,426000,22266998,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Nick Playforth,a clicking simulator game becomes much more difficult when you have to click with your left hand
,Not Recommended,426000,22295966,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DickPays,"(Played off a FREE copy of this game, because that's how much this game is worth, so ignore the amount of time I've actually played the game on Steam)It's a glorified clicker game, with no lewd like the other one had. No scenes are fap-able, sorry. So if you were looking for a game like HuniePop was....well this is not the game for you. This game is honestly a disappointment. I bought it, finding out it was a clicker game, found it for free on ♥♥♥♥♥, played a whole game, while playing the game, I almost killed myself in boredom, and in the end, I sent all my cam models to get an STD. So yeah. This game is not worth 7 bucks, it's worth maybe about 99 cents. Maybe not even that.2/10, ♥♥♥♥ this game, I wish this was like the original HuniePop, I was so hyped for this game, but to find out and play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Facebook"" clicker game, I'm sad."
,Recommended,426000,22245476,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,( º ﻿Ｗａｒｐ Ｚｏｎｅ º ),"Made all of the girls get gonorrhea from escorting, but still managed to make thousands of dollars off camwhoring them10/10"
,Not Recommended,426000,22249182,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Eterno,"I have very mixed feelings about HunieCam Studio. On one hand its nice to see finally released so called ""sequel"" to HuniePop, but on the other hand this game is not what i expected to be.First off, art style. It simply just pushes me off of this game, why on earth devs couldn't stick with original art style from HuniePop?Secondly, a clicker simulator? Hell no! I hate clicker simulators. (why do i have to break my mouse on one game?)Thirdly, manage all girls is just pain in♥♥♥♥♥ their stress and addictions just fills up so fast that in blink of an eye you are in debt, oh and if you have negative ""bank account"" for 24 hours you lose game. Not to mention you have given limited time in this game (3 weeks), after that game ends, of course you can still continue, but you won't be able to earn D-ick award ""achievement"".Overall, I'm disappointed.requesting refund"
76561198146878803,Recommended,426000,23187122,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,lovelyfma,"This game is suggestivly naughty. But you wont see anything that's... unacceptable? (haha I had to look up the definition of cake farting, hahahahaha) It's kinda a clicker game that you dont actually have to click? It's pretty awesome. Like me trying to decide who I wanted to wear kitty ears. I had the two grouchy teens in a lineup and I was like 'Ima make them my grumpy kitties' Soooooo yah pretty addicting game? Go for it I guess"
76561198030978104,Recommended,426000,22241539,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Tylermcd93,"Here's a quick bullet list of everything pros and cons of this game below the following wall of text that is a bit more in depth.Played the original HuniePop and was incredibly surprised, as well as many other people, at how much I enjoyed it because of it's humor and clever writing. This spiritual successor of HuniePop is no exception. While this game does not focus as much on dialogue cleverness (it's still there just not as prevalent) instead it uses everything having to do with the sex industry as it's satire material. The art style was quite a controversy for many fans of the original HuniePop and to see it changed in this game caused quite a stir, however I see no issue and still has charm with this new art style. The navigation and city map does feel like a mobile-game which isn't necessarily a negative thing, but people may get turned off because of it. You run a cam-girl business and basically simulate your girls lives, have them do shows for money, have them increase their skills through many means such as strip clubs to improve their show performances or the boutique to improve their style to bring in more fans. You must manage what kinks to focus on for what your fans enjoy most. There is a lot to it and many things to increase. The game is rather short, you must gain a high score by the end of 21 days, which is comprised of how many fans and how much you did of many different things throughout the 21 days. You then get wardrobe tokens to spend at the main menu on new outfits and hairstyles for your girls. You can continue your save file or make another to gain more tokens and thus, the gameplay loop. The humor is still there in full force, just in a different way. At seven dollars and a major fan of HuniePop and its developer, I can see myself sinking many hours into this game before unlocking everything.Pros.-The humor from HuniePop remains ever present.-Over 20 girls you can hire, more girls than you could interact with in HuniePop.-Many things to level up such as girl's skills and company operations.-Actually pretty challenging in a good way to manage everything.-High replayability-Only 7 bucksCons.-The artstyle (not a con for me but I can see this being a con for many other people).-The game can be short if you end up not caring about unlocking new wardrobe. You can continue forever and ever if you so wish, but the soft end of the game is 21 days. This may also not be an issue because of the fact you can go on forever.-The look and feel of the game can feel like a mobile game. Again, not necessarily a negative but may be a turnoff for some people.If I were to give this game an arbitrary number score, it would probably be either a 7 out of 10 or an 8 out of 10.Good job dev!"
,Recommended,426000,22242248,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,syxter_,i used my skills in this game so now i can go make my own mfc or chaturbate10/10
76561197971801952,Recommended,426000,22249814,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Emerging One,What I expected: WaifuVenture CapitalistWhat I got: Micromanagement Salt Simulator 2016
76561198192597582,Recommended,426000,22241996,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jäger,pretty nice game over all
,Recommended,426000,22256062,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mr Swampy ♥,10/10 Would Get Hepatitis Again.
,Recommended,426000,22277438,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Innocent Kurisi,I'm a pimp now. 10/10. Would pimp again.Fun and has lots of replayability. Very interesting take on the clicker type of games. You have 21 days to build your cam girl empire. Gain fans and money during that time and be ranked at the end with a score. Of course you can continue past the initial 21 days but the 'objective' is to do the best you can before the 21 days are up.
,Recommended,426000,22291723,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Purple Pixel Dust,"People are saying this game isn't worth it, that its not huniepop2, that it lacks everything the original had....This game is a cheep 'sim' game, in the same sense that 'buisness tycoon' is a sim game.  Its more about management and strategy, with a side of sexual humor.Its not fap material, it doesn't even pretend to be fap material. They straight up tell you its not fap material.Let me re-iterate THIS GAME IS NOT FAP MATERIAL.That said and out of the way; the game itself is fun.  Yes, I said it. its FUN.  Its a micro-management sim; you don't have to worry about any of the big issues, you just micromanage how camgirls spend their time; to maximize their fans, and make them earn rediculous sums of money.  I mean, seriously, I calculated it out... one of my girls was pulling 16 million a year in her take-home-after-tax-revenue.  Thats ALOT of money for shoving a butt-plug-shaped cake up your bum, and farting it out, while hugging a subscribe pillow.I digress... yes, you can beat this game in a couple of hours.  Will you beat it the best way to beat it on your first play through? Unless you cheat and read a guide, likely not.Is the game terribly hard? No.  Not even the 'hard mode' is terribly hard... you just have to know how to min-max.Is performing the various trick shot playthroughs difficult? Moderately.... but not so hard you'll be ripping your hair out.People are calling it a facebook quality clicker... I disagree. Have you SEEN facebook quality clickers?  'Upgrade auto-collection takes 60,000,000,000 cash... or 5,000 gems!' in this game, auto colection not only isn't DLC, the base version of it costs 50 cash.  FIFTY. you can have that on your first day, when you pay your first girl 6 bucks for a full day of streaming. Not only that, but facebook quality clickers are designed to -never- have an ending.  Yes, you can keep going after 21 days in this... but there really isn't any point, save to unlock all the girls for outfit selection later, or to practice strategies dealing with chainsmoking lushes.Point is... this isn't a one-and-done game.  Its a management sim that you can come back to, do a run through, try and beat personal bests, or try and do the various trick shot achievments.This developer is great about adding to games, and adding in additional value later - See challenge-mode for huniepop, etc.All that said, TLDR.  - Its a 7 dollar management sim game with sexual comedy themes; not to be confused for fap material, and its designed to be replayable.  If you are looking for fap material, may I reffer you to google or bing, and remind you that there is endless amounts of it on the internet for free.Game is actually priced at a great value for play-time... Even if I were done playing it.... I paid a dollar per hour of entertainment.  And that value is only going to get better, because the quick replay and game duration.... Makes it easy to just sit down, play a session, and call it done.. almost anytime, almost anywhere.To the dev.... Add in game-mode type selection with different goals at different durations of play.  Say, 21 day fan-rush, 18-day cash rush, 30-day combo-rush."
,Not Recommended,426000,23841560,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,bobik314 odkrywajacpolske.pl,"Repeative, boring, bad mechanics."
,Not Recommended,426000,23264527,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,särjənt sui·cide,i want to kill myself
76561198089949558,Recommended,426000,22442647,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,youspeaklies,"I played HuniePop before this game but knew not to expect similar gameplay, so going into it I wasn't at all disappointed. It's not what I expected, surely, but I have been having quite a bit of fun playing it. The art is more cutesy than in HuniePop, but I've found it a challenging and fun little game that I'm going for 100% completion on. I hope they keep making more games and keep surprising us."
,Recommended,426000,32576498,Posted: 19 June,all,Marty McFly,When I logged one hour in on this game I realized.... I have no life.
,Recommended,426000,22886914,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,FactoriesFarAway,"Doing the same thing over and over again sates my autistic needs. Good game, 10/10."
76561198036645538,Recommended,426000,22241975,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Satsuki-Sama,It keeps all the humor and fun of the first game while completely changing up the style and gameplay. It's also far more of a challenge than it looks.Kyu was not happy with me bankrupting her company.
76561198028976115,Recommended,426000,22336490,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Vand,"HunieCam studio is a two hour time management experience in which you train employees to earn cash for you and advertise your business through different websites. The character voice acting is a little repetitious in which you will hear maybe ten different dialogue clips per employee as you assign them to different buildings and give them different objects to carry in their pockets.Would I recommend this game to someone who is looking for a direct sequel to hunie pop who is expecting to seduce women by playing a match 3 game? No, but if you loved some of the humor behind the original game and into time/resource management games that are replayable due to wardrobe unlocks and score attacks then I would recommend giving this one a shot.So far from three play throughs I have completely enjoyed my time playing this game and looking forward to picking it back up again a few more times to try out the hard mode to see what that's like. I would also love to learn more about the background of the employees in this game and get to see the more of the character's story then basically what their stats and fans base are."
,Recommended,426000,22246410,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Not Todd Howard,"I'm a degenerate and I acknowledge that. That is why upon installing the game, I beat it... twice.The game takes about an hour and a half to beat and while some people may not find clicker games fun, I found this one oddly satisfying. Even if you stripped the sexual content out of it, I think I would have still beaten it.TL;DR: My friends wont talk to me anymore, but it was a fun 4 hours."
,Not Recommended,426000,22245363,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pandaperfect,"I thoguht there would be more Pics.. like in the video that you watched ow the girls did the cam thing. or the training but no...It's a okay management game, but they don't really live up the the advetisement."
,Recommended,426000,22290914,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,STRGG,"Have you wanted to jerk off but your parents blocked all the naughty sites?Well, HuniePot released a new game for steam called ""Jerk Your Little Ding-Dong On Steam. You Can Masturbate On Steam Now""It is 2016 and we gamers needed a new way to jerk off, a safer way.So Indroducting HunieCam Studio."
,Recommended,426000,22291811,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ChaoticRaze,"The first thing you need to understand about HunieCam Studio is that it is not a canon sequel, let alone a sequel at all. HunieCam Studio is a spin-off time management-style game where you run your own camgirl operation with the help of Kyu's girls (the original 8 girls from HuniePop as well as 10 new additions).This game turned out to be real fun to fool around with. You're kept on your toes from the get-go as you are given a time limit to gain as many fans as possible while managing business investments and expenses. Your time-management skills can really be tested in this game. The main goal is 100K+ fans and without proper management of your girls' appeal levels, stress levels, and on-hand resources (money, booze, cigs, etc.), you can end up playing this game more times than needed if you aim to achieve each achievement.Although not as deep in content and gameplay as HuniePop was (in my personal opinion), it is still a very well done game and still has that HuniePop vibe. And just to address the elephant in the room, once again, this is only a fun spin-off the devs decided to do. THE ART STYLE FOR THIS GAME WAS DONE FOR THIS GAME AND THIS GAME ONLY! If there will be a HuniePop 2, the art style will probably revert back to that of the original HuniePop. So if a game's artstyle is your main selling point, just continue playing HuniePop and patiently wait for HuniePop 2."
,Recommended,426000,22771030,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Dexylicious,I give this game a BIG Thumbs up!- great realism- added little humor- great art- great sound effectsAlthough I sent a Liquor addict to buy more liquor from the store and she took over 2 hours... WHY?
76561198275743033,Recommended,426000,33977761,Posted: 2 August,all,Doggo,I like cake
,Not Recommended,426000,22243246,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,crunsher,It lacks depth and lewdness
,Not Recommended,426000,24493850,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"i'll be brief.this game is fun but its shortthe rewards you get aren't that great (no topless, sorry boys)its cheap, which i guess is the only thing that justifies this purchaseplay it if you want but keep your expectations low5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,426000,32877315,Posted: 27 June,all,Chocolate-Ball-Nuogut,Click stuff with small strategy and ugly girls. 6/10
,Recommended,426000,29686206,Posted: 3 February,all,Scouts,"If you've ever invested yourself into any game or are a fan of action/adventure games, then you HAVE to own this game. The characters and story, gameplay systems, and even the graphics are all rock solid and fully realized to their full potential. The story in this game is unparalleled to any other games have played, when a game makes me shed tears as many times as this game does, it's something special. The gameplay is a mix of stealth, survival horror, and action all at once and it works brilliantly.   Beautifully tailored gameplay, coupled with a strong story and succinct-apt ending makes this one a versatile, dynamic and unpredictably challenging game of the decade! Never knew that a game could be extremely moving, emotional and action packed; all at once! If you meet a memorable character in a movie, we could probably remember him/her/it for some time. If the same happens in a television series, the character would be in our memory for a slightly longer period. But, it is through a game that a character stays immortal in our minds! I played a lots of games in my life, but this work of pure genius is something that can't be missed at all."
76561198292282967,Recommended,426000,22249374,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,fusedmass,It's a great game
76561198042986086,Recommended,426000,22247358,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rahu,"Initial Impressions: HuniePot does it again.Having had a great experience with HuniePop - a title with which most buyers of this game will be familiar - I was initially skeptical about HunieCam Studio. The game faced a good deal of criticism for its rather radical shift in artistic style and deviation from the original, but HuniePot remained stalwart in their earnest game design philosophy. While some fans of HuniePop will undoubtedly be lost with this title, I am NOT one of them. Why?Because holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fun.Top praise goes to system design:- Just like its predecessor, the game UI is intuitive, concise, and (like the girls) easy on the eyes. Kyu returns with her witty narrative as she seamlessly integrates story with tutorial, and while I had no idea what to expect going into the game, it was very quick to pick up, understand, and play.- Game balance is spectacular. While my first playthrough scored pitifully enough to deny me a bronze, flaccid shelf ornament - as well as some scathing remarks from Kyu, my second proved to arouse the phallic trophy sufficiently to get a silver and almost gold rating. The game feels simple enough on the surface to play as casually as desired, while also being complex enough as a whole to feel like a steep yet surmountable challenge when going for a higher score.- Initially I was worried I would not be able to play the game with as relaxed a pace as HuniePop, but every menu and many time-consuming interactions pause the clock and allow for as long a rest as desired. I was treated to a pleasant surprise at the end when I found out I could continue to play even after time was up.I have only one gripe so far:- The reward scheme is simplistic, with the entire lineup appearing to be achievable at a leisurely pace. More to the point, while I understand the humor focus of the spinoff, I am disappointed in the lack of nudity thus far, even if only optional."
76561198054704788,Recommended,426000,22250173,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,EricThePlumber,"For the low price I would say it's certainly worth it.  Yes the game is limited, but it's a very unique game.  I would dare to call it a guilty pleasure.  Again, it is limited, I wish they would take it further and make it more of a management, less of a clicker game.  But overall, would reccomend."
,Recommended,426000,22246338,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Icyphoenix,Twitch TV Simulator 2016
76561198058699167,Not Recommended,426000,22247198,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Adoring Fan,"""Hey guys, I GOT A GREAT IDEA!""""What's that?""""Let's replace our amazing artstyle we did with Huniepop, and do a Chibi artstyle on a Cookie clicker Knockoff!""""Err... We can't draw H-rated content with Chi-""""It's fine! Let's just not have any H-rated content, which was one of the most satisfying things in Huniepop after having to play those great Dating minigames!""""Oh my god... This is... This is... Brilliant!""Thus, HunieCam, the cookie clicker knockoff flash game was born. Except you have to pay for it. Oh yeah, just so your wondering, there is no H-rated content in this. If your looking for any of THAT, go buy Huniepop. If you already own it, just wait and pray the developers go back to their original artstyle in the future.If your wondering if the Gameplay is good.... Eh, if you like Cookie Clicker, you should just stick to Cookie clicker. This game was VERY dissapointing, and got repetitive within 10 minutes. I would avoid. I mean seriously, though I've never played it, Sakura Clicker most likely has more interesting content then THIS game, and it is FREE."
,Recommended,426000,22247712,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Yuumei Rei,"This game is fun. It's not HuniePop and it's not trying to be. Those who are complaining didn't read or chose to ignore theCourtesy Warningat the start of the game description.Regarding the gameplay, it's a simulator, tycoon style game AND a clicker. Clicking is optional, and I mean it. Mechanics are simple and very easy to get used to. There's not much depth regarding what can be done, but there's a decent variety of ways of achieving the final goal.Game is played in sessions of 21 in-game days. After that, your score is computed, you are awarded tokens to unlock outfits and hairstyles and you can either start a new session or freeplay the current one. Last trophy is something.By the way, I missed the speed up setting.Regarding the artstyle, it's cute. It's not as explicit as in HuniePop (there again, this has been warned beforehand), but it's provocative. I'd say it fits the purpose well. If you compare this and HuniePop, you might find the art strange at first, but there again, it's someting else entirely. Keep that in mind and you'll be able to appreciate the toonish characters and conclude hat the more ""serious"" style from HuniePop simply doesn't fit the atmosphere here.Dialogue is surely superficial and could be improved. Sure the game sessions is relatively short to contains extensive voice acting, but it's something you'll be playing again and again. So it does sound repetitive very fast. Maybe not at first, but soon enough.TL;DR - 8/10 Could be more polished and offer speed up settings. Delivers what's promised and is worth a try at this price tag. Overall a funny and casual experience. You might enjoy it more than you expect :)"
,Recommended,426000,22264837,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Yofu,"Is it the best game? No. Not really.But for $7 you could do far worse on something to kill time.It's pretty simple and there is no girl interaction, but it's enjoyable enough.Buy if you want something to kill time or like the devs.edit: Also, set a repeating click macro if you don't want to kill your mouse."
76561198026552493,Not Recommended,426000,22242813,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MegaManXOmega,A total disappointment.Underwhelming and not what I expected.Stick to Huniepop.Way better than this clickfest.
,Not Recommended,426000,22909349,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The Lady Creep,It was okay. I downloaded it for the novelty of it and just like with most clicker games I became bored with it. It's like a Facebook game but with cake farts.
76561198085441094,Recommended,426000,22278372,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Bird of Hermes,I've always wanted to manage a porn studio and now I can!11/10
,Recommended,426000,22287595,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TheDigitalOtaku,"Story/Characters -There is next to no story in this game. The only story to speak of is that you are employed by who I assume to be Kyu to manage her camgirl opperation. That is it and as for characters well..they all have little bios you can read about them and they all have appealing designs but aside from the occasional lines they speak when you interact with them there is little to no characterization which I was honestly fine with when it came to the original Hunniepop girls because I already got to know them before but I could honestly care less about most of the new girls. At the end of the day though this isn't the kind of game you play for character or story, I mean did anyone play Diner Dash for the story?Visuals/Sound -Okay I know I am in the minority here but I actually don't mind and even enjoy the art direction. True I would have preffered the visuals of Huniepop but considering this is a spinoff and not a sequel I am okay with them experimenting when it comes to the art and honestly I think it looks pretty good. Its more cartoony and less anime looking sure (though the anime-esque qualities are there) but its bright, colorful, and fun to look at. It's not quite as ""sexy"" as the last game either but that wasn't the main reason I liked Huniepop anyway, not to mention the developer clearly states that the erotic qualities of this game were meant purely for comedy purposes and not for fap material (unlike the last game which was kind of a combination of the two).As for the music it is a bit repetitive but it still has the same fun and poppy sound as the last game, it serves its purpose. The sound effects are all really appealing and aid in making the game more fun. The voice acting much like the first game isn't AAA quality but the cast all clearly has talent and do a pretty good job.Gameplay -This game is essentially like those old sim management games (again like Diner Dash) mixed with those clicker style games you find on mobile all the time. Yeah it isn't very deep and the replay value is limited to unlockable outfits and highscores but that is honestly what I was expecting out of this games and you know what? I had fun, yeah it won't be something I will be playing months from now but it is fun to pick up and play here and there and can honestly be pretty addictive. As far as these kinds of games though I think this deserves to stand among the best of them (for one NOTHING is locked behind a wait or pay model like a ton of newer games of this type).Verdict -The biggest difference between this game and the first one for me is that the first game was a ""don't judge a book by its cover"" scenario. On the surface it just looks like a nother ecchi visual novel game with candy crush thrown into the mix and in its basics yeah thats what it was but the visual novel aspect stood out with its fun characters and humorous approach to its erotic aspects not to mention one of the most addictive and surprisingly deep bejeweled style puzzle mechanics out there. This game however is something that I honestly feel like you'll know immediately wether or not you'll enjoy it. If you like this style of game and don't mind the art change then you'll probably like this game, if not then you likely won't. This game aside from some similarities with the humor and some returning characters is NOTHING like the first game so don't assume that becuase you liked the first game that you will like this one they are two different beasts and deserved to be critiqued as such and not constantly compared.I give Huniecam Studios a pretty good 7/10"
76561197969130349,Recommended,426000,22284164,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dremire,"Map simulator akin to alot of mobile apps, but with the addition of a time limit against being able to reduce time to complete activities and having to gather the spoils gives a surprising amount of depth.Art style aside which will be hit or miss, the game play does have a decent amount of depth. Only thing besides some T&A I would like to see is challanges or different modes. You can unlock additional wardrobe and hair options by replaying the game which helps extend its play.End of the day, if you are a perv that enjoyed huniepop, there is a strong chance you will enjoy hunie cam studio."
76561197998770241,Recommended,426000,22287294,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Herald of Fire,"Since there's no sideways thumb, I decided to give this the thumbs up because I did ultimately enjoy it. That said, it's a very shallow sort of gameplay, which leaves you finishing a bit underwhelmed.At its heart, this is a 'clicker' type game. Much like Cookie Clicker before it, you use money to pay girls to earn more money. With that said, every action is on a timer and you can 'click' to shorten the time an activity takes. Whether its shopping for ciggies and booze, or the girls' spa sessions, every event has a time it takes to complete, which you can hasten through.Because of this, the dynamic of the game never really changes. There are few, if any, surprises, and the only replayability really are the tokens you gain at the end of each game which can unlock new costumes and hairstyles for the girls, ultimately culminating in a free gravure shot (non-nude) of any girl you buy all the outfits for.It's harmless fun, and mostly family-friendly aside from a few choice dialogues for the tutorials and the phallus-shaped trophy. That said, it's not a great game. There's not much do to from a player's standpoint besides clicking and holding, and once you have the general idea of the game, it becomes very easy very quickly.It was a brave new direction for the devs, but I think this one missed the mark a little. There's just not much 'game' to the gameplay this time around."
76561198106968679,Recommended,426000,22289747,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,LawnBoy,"This game is NOT Huniepop 2This game was never advertised to be Huniepop 2This game was specifically a side project the team wanted to doWith that, this 7 dollar clicker game is well worth the money in my opinion. The gameplay is clicky and relatively fast paced. The whole premise of the game is to get as many fans within 21 days as possible to earn trophies and points that you can then use to unlock custom hair and clothing for the camgirls.There is not very much dialogue in the overall game seeing as this game is a webcam tycoon style of game. The way I look at it is that if you are willing to spend 10 dollars or more on a 2 hour movie then 7 dollars for a game that you can easily get over 2 hours of enjoyment on is hardly a bad deal.If you liked Huniepop and want to support the team further I would pick up this game."
76561197995517115,Recommended,426000,22291379,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PJarcade,"I just got done with all the achievments and I enjoyed the game.Ive read that some people give the game a bad wrap since they think its to short and simplistic, I thought that too in the beginning but after I started competing with my friends to see who could get the highest score it got a lot better.And I dont mind the lack of porn as a reward (there are sites for that if you need it).Its a fun little game if you want to kill some time.(should have online scoreboards though)"
,Recommended,426000,34176777,Posted: 11 August,all,Julia ✿,Great game very very fun and hard [if you know what i mean]
,Recommended,426000,22239187,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,gash\\\,"I haven't laughed this much in the first ten minutes of a game for a long time. The♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies broke me. I can't wait to *ahem* delve deeper.For those who played Hunie Pop, the cute aesthetic and more importantly the humour and great voice acting are all here. I'm not sure what's in store as you progress though..."
76561198279242858,Recommended,426000,26625675,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,AkiKasuke,I absolutley love this game!
76561198299950149,Recommended,426000,34737837,Posted: 4 September,all,mr.wiggles,huniecam makes me feel like a pimp and also yell at them....
,Not Recommended,426000,24798996,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Len -Saftsuseren- Len,"Alright game, but really doesn't feel unique nor well polished. Wouldn't buy then if I knew what I do know, but again, it's not terrible."
76561198000710694,Recommended,426000,22273640,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Coquine Mouillée,"Just like HuniePop, this game has a pretty basic concept with very good execution. It's incredibly addicting. There isn't much in terms of gameplay, but I think it's unfair to compare this game to clicker games since you're always doing something and racing against the clock, never waiting for the game to complete an event for more than a second or two. The presentation, humor, characters and balance make this game well worth its price tag. I recommend it to someone who likes management games, lewd comedy and collecting stuff over and over to reinvest it elsewhere."
,Recommended,426000,22320710,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Anna,"tl;dr: ugly Dark Souls of time managementI like most things about this game, once I got past the art style. I hated the art style. HATED it. I normally can't get past an art style I dislike but nevertheless the familiar characters, humour, and the BS Dark Souls difficulty keeps me playing."
,Recommended,426000,22243055,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Omega,"Not even looking at the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ coke, weed and fart fetish (what the ♥♥♥♥), this is a solid click simulation management game."
76561198007808210,Recommended,426000,22242046,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Blizzard Lizard Wizard,"Very good game. Great story, great characters. Interesting and strategic combat system.Tho I can't understand why I can't cast Fireball Rank 7 from my Wizard against the fifth boss. I have more than enough mana and I am within the range limit, seems to be happening to the priest in my party too. I hope the devs fix it, otherwise great game.I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys Dark Souls, as it easily matches its difficulty and depth.Edit: Reequipping my Staff of Fire fixed the problem."
,Recommended,426000,22241588,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,bikini,aww yee
76561198067144557,Recommended,426000,22241846,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bellum3rd,"I'm just going to get this out of the way, I way more like the first game than this one but with that said this game is amazing even on it's own. This game is hard, funny, addcitve, and very sexy. Pick it up, you will never regret it!"
,Recommended,426000,22242458,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jon Snow [computer broke],"Decent sim game, hopefully some more content is added, falls a little flat on it's face as far as replayability goes, worth it if you like task management/clicker games and/or if it's on sale."
,Recommended,426000,22242462,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DJ Rabbit,"Just finished my first play through and got Gold. It was alright, I don't see it having as much depth or replay value as Huniepop though.If you're looking for a cheap mobile game style click game, then this is for you.If you're looking for nudity or anything slightly fapable, then this game is not for you.Would of been nice to at least get some kind of mild sexual reward for your efforts like taking a girl home in Huniepop but that doesnt happen in Huniecam Studio.6/10"
76561198139204289,Recommended,426000,22242745,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,katiepie.52,"I love the game and the new artstyle! Though, I'm wondering-- will there be more trophies in the future? There are a lot more chances to get trophies (for instance, get the highest stats for all the girls, get them all sober, etc) than there r actual trophies........ but imma still play it tho!10/10 am going to play again"
,Recommended,426000,25314899,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sjew,hot
,Recommended,426000,23149892,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,McCree Bottoms,"Pretty simple clicker with cute graphics and decent sense of humor. No real story or depth, but a fun time waster. Don't expect too much. As long as you're simply looking for something to kill boredom for an hour, you won't be disappointed."
76561198246281932,Recommended,426000,22335920,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lagomorphic Fiend,so good very nice storyline my♥♥♥♥♥♥got very erect i rate 8/8 please buy this game
76561198001836783,Recommended,426000,22570219,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,AJ,"I really like this game. If you enjoy management games with a more adult theme, then this is for you. If you're expecting a game like Huniepop, this is definitely not it.Pros:-Old characters from Huniepop return (along with some new faces)-Lots to manage and there's a learning curve to getting it right-Reasonably inexpensive-Voice actresses returnCons:-I got 30 ish hours out of this game before I had ALL the achievements under my belt. Now I feel it's lost it's playability as there's nothing more for me to accomplish. Basically, in short, it lacks content.-Minimum dialog and interaction with the girls, you basically drag and drop and hear the same few phrases over and over-Not many achievements to be had. I think there's room for a lot more. The newest mode ""Rock Hard"" doesn't even have an achievement, so why even bother messing with it?-I have other minor niggles with the game, but nothing worth mentioning - purely a preference thing I think.It's hard not to compare this to Huniepop - but considering some of the old characters make a return I think it's fair game to do so. I really enjoy management type games and this appealed to me - despite the fact that I'm probably not it's target audience - I had fun. You think as a female I'd take offense to this type of game, but it's just that.. a game.. and since it is just that, I think it's pretty fun and unique. I'd love to see this game updated - with more achievements.. more fetishes.. more girls.. more.. well.. just more everything. While the art style isn't for everyone, I think it's pretty cute and considering it's not as sexually explicit as Huniepop it definitely doesn't feel out of place. In case I didn't stress this enough though, it's nothing like Huniepop. Overall I give the game a 7/10 but I'd happily raise that score if the game was updated with more content."
,Recommended,426000,28864997,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Khayon,"Name: Khayon (2017 game reviewer). Subject: Huniecam Studio. Consensus: Havent played much, but their ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are nice tho"
76561198094320094,Not Recommended,426000,23411188,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dlclark,Provides 1.5 hours worth of gameplay. Then you start over. Absolutely not worth any money. Go to NewGrounds if you want games exactly like this for free. 0/5 stars.
76561198048690706,Recommended,426000,24395974,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BLAMEHEURISTIC,Lewd.
,Recommended,426000,31247519,Posted: 19 April,all,PinkShit,I like the Plot twists!
,Recommended,426000,24740084,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[ZSU] ±Knifey12,I learned that you can become a multi-millionaire within 60 days.Proven way to get money fast by camming girls. EZ
76561198031113537,Recommended,426000,23721278,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,dragonstryk72,Fun little game for when I need a break from my more brain intensive games.
76561198027741959,Recommended,426000,22420321,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,riflow,"Might not be the same as the other game, but I enjoy it as someone who likes slightly repetitive management sim/clicker games. :'DI wasnt a fan of the original art style and actually like this one more... so I dunno what that says about me.It's a fun bit of time wasting and slightly addictive, certainly not a game for story, which is normally what I go for."
,Recommended,426000,23768495,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tancred(OneYearHiatus),"I don't know what you heard about meBut a ♥♥♥♥♥ can't get a dollar out of meNo Cadillac, no perms, you can't seeThat I'm a mother♥♥♥♥ing P-I-M-P"
76561198097266016,Recommended,426000,22461738,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Amaro,"well yeah .. we got it, it's not huniepop - still it's fun in it's very own way.huniecam studio is a simulationgame with some interesting ideas in tho. grafics are nice, fits the overall style of this game. nice indie title - would recommend for fans of ecchi + management sims"
76561198041784079,Recommended,426000,22387037,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Giant_hero,"I did not buy this game beacuse of huniepop. I bought to mange cam girls and it was wonderful. This game will make you think about the cam girls and care about them. I play the game they way I wanted which was nice since I did not want to send my girls to the hotle or give them♥♥♥♥♥♥ so far I have played this game three times and loved it every time I played it.I must say the girls are wonderful. From I have only seen half of them so far and each one of them have diffrent voice actors. The most intersting part of these girls is that you can buy diffrent outfits from them. The only way to buy these outfits is by beating the game. so it will be annoying trying to get every outfit in the game but its sure worth it. Also, they have their own fitsh that comes with the girl and these fitshs differ from girl to girl. Each girl has a back story that much with the theme of the girl. finaly, the best thing about this girls is that there is no nudes to them.I give this game  10/10. IGN BEST GAME OF THE YEAR."
76561197982087969,Recommended,426000,22375823,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Richard,It's quite a fun and novel game although it only takes about 90 mins to do a single playthrough. Could use more content and the trailer was somewhat misleading but overall it's quite fun. It's an ideal game that you can just pick up and play whenever for those who don't have a lot of time or enjoy shorter sessions sometimes. Would get it on sale based on playtime per dollar.
,Recommended,426000,22825325,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,Quality game
76561198133872155,Recommended,426000,23211681,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,mrsdobs,"This game is probably my biggest guilty pleasure! This game does repeat itself after you unlocked all outfits though. Yet this game is super addicting! Its like the adult candy crush where it might not always be SUPER fun, but is VERY addicting! In my opinion this game is almost 4/5 stars. I highly suggest this game to people who enjoy Business simulators and don't mind sexual and adult language & visuals. Even though there is not any nudity at least from what i've seen. CALM DOWN GO WATCH GAME OF THRONES IF YOU WERE EXPECTING NUDITY! Any way i loved this game & cant wait to see what wlse is to come in the 'Hunie' games! ;)"
,Recommended,426000,23279301,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,but_for_me_it_was_tuesday,"This game is hysterical.  Very enjoyable to play, very unusual setting for the ""manager"" game play.  Great game."
,Not Recommended,426000,33440761,Posted: 10 July,all,Nick,HunieCam Studio is a game created by the same people who brought you your beloved Huniepop. The game features a lot of the same women and even has some nice audio and dialogue. It's a completely different kind of game from huniepop and it has less reactions with the girls. It lacked the same charm that made huniepop so popular but still has its own charm as a tycoon game. This game wasn't more me but it's not a bad game and i'm sure plenty of you will enjoy it expecialy if you can grab it on sale.
76561198159528649,Recommended,426000,22297455,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Haldéva,"Another charming, funny and super addictive game from the makers of Hunie Pop.I love that they took the risk of not making a sequel to their previous title and mixed up the art style. Really excited to see what's next from these creators!"
76561198007192256,Recommended,426000,22296309,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,gunmen,Not bad  Short but not bad
76561198048650836,Recommended,426000,22296134,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PKKxHaseo,"Although to most the change in artstyle and the lack of more adult themed interactions and situations may be a downside and at first i wasnt a fan of the art change either. The thing is though this game wasnt supposed to be similar to huniepop its meant to be different and its great the way it is. The art works even when trying to be erotic(silly as it may look) and the gameplay is fast paced and addicting myself putting in 12+hours within 2days of my purchase. Learning the games mechanics and striving to consistently beat your previous scores and get as many achievements as possible keeps me going back for more and the music along with the voice acting keeps me smiling as i play. This game may not be for everyone and you shouldnt just get it on the basis of ""oh i liked huniepop"" watch the trailer look on youtube for gameplay its reminicent of mobile games long past before all the micro transactions (if i could get hunie cam on my phone id play it at work lol ;D) in other words its a great game so long story short research the game its good but not for everyone :) i'm going back for my dank♥♥♥♥♥dick trophies."
,Recommended,426000,22421408,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[TXB] Trevalyan,"50 hours seems like way too long to put into this game, but consider:- I get my college teen bringing home enough drugs to make a baleen whale see Jesus- my shopping trips to the adult store are being postponed in favor of trips to the bakery. You know why. Damn you,  promos.- my lifelong dream of prostituting anime girls then rolling around in the filthy lucre with a morally bankrupt fairy buisnesswoman was finally realized. Bet you regret having security escort me out now EGS!!- my skills in putting girls on buildings will never translate into real life :(- my camgirl dressed in an angel costume came down with AIDS. Then I fired her./worth/achievementunlocked10/10"
,Recommended,426000,22639359,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wittaker legion msg me if added,i won a girlfriend in real life10/10
,Recommended,426000,22920626,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dortmund,"buy it, do one playthrough, refund"
,Recommended,426000,22247243,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dr.BlueShades20,9/10 the game is almost perfect all it needs is actual nudity lol
,Recommended,426000,22247471,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mr. Spaghetti,Forced all my girls to escort and get AIDSBut the money they made before I ruined their lives were worth it10/10
,Not Recommended,426000,22262202,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ChineseBunInvasion,"Disappointing.This isn't a management simulator.It's a glorified Cow Clicker.It's a good parody of the Cow Clicker genre though, but it's not fun."
,Not Recommended,426000,22265212,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Yello Mit,"Not worth the price tag. Just a clicker game  with a different art style of HuniePop that NO-ONE asked for, and which isn't nearly as good. One playthrough only lasts roughly 2 or 3 hours tops.If it was free like the other clicker games, then I'd recommend it.... But apart from getting achievements, there isn't much replay value, and isn't worth the money.Disappointed. I was really looking for to this game and it let me down big time."
76561198013004161,Recommended,426000,22257900,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Elmox,"Chubby Asian Furrys Anal squirting, 5/7"
76561198045624044,Not Recommended,426000,22263200,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ryuujin Teitoku,"I bought this game for the main purpose of showing support for the developers because I really enjoyed Huniepop so I wish them the best of luck to continue to making games of similiar quality (enough that I was willing to see through the art style change between Huniepop and this).With that said, this game is really ""ehh"" to me, its simplistic art style fits for this kind of clicker management game (not really expecting much there). I will go through the assumption that this game is a spinoff (hopefully) but it kind of hurts to know some characters I liked from the original game (Nikki and Aiko) had to go into being camgirls.For example, an author decides to write a book with that current MC going through the usual trials and problems of life with a positive thought. Then the sequel uses a different MC but introduces the older MC with ""its hopeless/this sucks"" outlook because bad things happen to him, one after another until he gave up. It is probably not that extreme but come on, show respect for the characters you create, don't just create them in one game and set them up for something like this (even if it is a spinoff). The gameplay isn't that complex, just send girls to one location for a certain amount of time until times up then collect stuff, then once stress is near 100% send to spa, invest in upgrades and repeat all over again. Truthfully, if you want a clicker game, I would say adventure capitalist or sakura clicker because they are free and will continue to play when you exit them to earn w/e currency for you.Music is okay but I don't really find it that memorable or catchy, probably because my focus on constant clicking made me ignore it. I wish that I found out sooner that I could just hold down the mouse button to speed up actions because I went through one hour of this game just constantly clicking before reading the other reviews that I that was a option."
,Recommended,426000,22291657,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,S'ir P-i'smwn Kle [Sky Spawn #1],"Look this game ain't huniepop. Let's get that♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the way, IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A MATCH 4 WITH HOT ANIME GIRLS MAKING QUIRKY JOKES CONSTANTLY, THIS IS NOT IT.Also the voice of jesse from original huniepop did not return. I'm sorry.This however is a pretty decent clicker game, the end goal is to amass a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fans. You send your girls around to various areas and hold down mouse or click faster than that to speed♥♥♥♥♥♥up and collect things. Then you have to get a bunch of fetish enthusiasts which will be able to be advertised even more to for more dosh. More dosh = upgrades = more dosh.And I may be in the minority here but honestly, I kinda dig the art style. Mind you i've ja- appreciated worse but it's a neat direction. (I think the heart eyes really sort of make it special, hell i don't know.) But honestly for 6 bucks it's a pretty decent game if you're looking to support the devs and whatnot it'll give you a few hours of fun.Truth be told i'm not entirely sure why people are shocked this isn't huniepop, this♥♥♥♥♥♥has been in development for like a bloody year and they've been showing off this♥♥♥♥♥♥quite heavily. If you're suprised apparently you've been living under a rock: but I disgress.Tl:Dr - It ain't huniepop 2 but it's a neat little clicker game that i'd say is worth it if you got some time to fill or just want to support the folks down at huniepot."
,Recommended,426000,22294893,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Poppa,"The biggest thing to consider is looking at this game objectively, and this review is more ranty.This game cannot be compared to the likes of Huniepop in any way.At it's core Huniecam Studios is a clicker, management simulator with little to do from a gameplay prespective.Pros I had:It's easy to learn and hard to masterVery RNG heavyHad some decent replayability for someone like me new to the genreWhacky and different for the Hunie UniverseReasonable price for gameplayCons I had:Little amount of gameplayNot as much personality as its previous gameNot as exciting of a reward systemOverall Thoughts:Huniepop was widely a game popular for its reward of getting into an animated characters pants and getting steamy pictures. Huniecam, being a cheaper game, did not have this reward system everyone was hoping for. While this was the biggest turn-off for most people playing Huniecam, I believe the game objectively did its job in being a clicker, management game. It's adult references were used for humor this time around and Huniepot did a decent job at it. I'm still trying to get the Diamond trophy at the time of writing this review, but I know when I do I'll have the harder difficulty to look forward to. The price to gameplay ratio is good with sessions lasting about an hour and half each with a new RNG every playthrough. I'd reccomend this game to people who are fans of Huniepop that had a similar experience as myself, in which I enjoyed the personalities of the characters and had those characteristics translate over to Huniecam (i.e. I love Beli so much and she would be someone I'd love to know IRL so I refused to send her to the Sleazy Motel). Also, for people who are new to this genre of game, I recommend this to. I really want this game supported as much as possible because I believe the people at Huniepot have created a universe worth exploring into more genres and maybe even a sequel to Huniepop.Thank you for listening to the rant.GET THIS GAME!!"
76561198031778192,Recommended,426000,22285725,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tsareena's Refined Thighs,"im gonna go against the majority and say i actually enjoy this game. for me, its an entertaining, somewhat witty little time wasting game. its nothing like its predecessor, Huniepop, but its grasped a whole new gametype, and doesnt do half bad with it. sure it isnt perfect, but overall, i really enjoy the game, not to mention the new character designs. the cutesy look doesnt really fit well with its raunchy atmosphere, but for some reason i love it. Lailani is best girl."
,Recommended,426000,22289658,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Samson,"Im not a big fan of anime but, for some reason i love these Huniepop games and to be honest Huniecam is one of my favorites. I've put over 20 hours of gameplay into this game and i enjoy it. Its a cheap,fun, and hilarious game. I would recommend picking this game up if you ever have the chance (P.S. The dank memes me and my friends put are cancer)"
,Recommended,426000,22289253,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Marshall 159,100% Achievements
,Recommended,426000,22291975,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,EV,"I see so many people that are disappointed with this game-- It's not HuniePop 2. It's a 6 dollar clicker game that just happens to be made by the HuniePop devs... It's a fine game! If you like resource management/clickers, then this is for you."
76561198150625697,Recommended,426000,22282279,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cryptar,"This is a highly addicting game and an entertaining business sim. If you are put off by the potential ""erotica"" included it is only really present during loading screens and is not too extreme (apart from text in the main game). Also, the thing I was worried about before buying is if whether you could carry on after the 21 days and indeed you can. For the money, this is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,426000,33927472,Posted: 31 July,all,Kieraa,Addicting. That's all I can really say about this is addicting; it's a pretty good game but very very addicting.
,Recommended,426000,34241647,Posted: 14 August,all,MC Regua,Not a very fun clicker
,Not Recommended,426000,25155306,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,~ShadowCoatl~,Very boring.
76561198113101961,Recommended,426000,32696726,Posted: 23 June,all,kirstin,Addicting and adorable.
76561198024365562,Recommended,426000,34745205,Posted: 4 September,all,Jintah,"great game, good balance. Keep trying for that diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥but with no luck. One of these days I will get it!"
76561198302592261,Recommended,426000,23269385,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,thatonegamergirl4,yes huniepop is back
,Not Recommended,426000,22318529,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Shrouded Wolf,"Perhaps, the most baffling thing with this game is the disclaimer made by the developers about how the content is intended to be for fun rather than fapping material, as, ironically enough, no part of this game really fits the bill.Here's the thing. With HuniePop, even if you were to take all the images of attractive girls and suggestive sounds out of the game, it would still be able to stand up on its own as a good game. It had a fun gameplay loop, good powerups that created a myriad of interesting strategic combinations, and interesting (if poorly voice acted) variety of characters.This game...functionally, it may as well be a reskin of the management sim clicker that you've played a dozen times elsewhere. Sure, there is some middling levels of strategy of where you send the characters to at what point in time and which buildings you speed up, but the bottom line is that this just isn't a very fun or interesting game to play. You click-and-drag, then you click, and you click, and you click some more. Oh, and you can give the girls cocaine to make them (somehow) complete cam shows twice as quickly without financial penalty.Even the characters have been made entirely dull, as all personality has been sandblasted off and replaced with a small blurb that is displayed when you recruit them and a couple of bulletpoints that describe their looks. Though, those aren't even consistent with HuniePop (e.g. Nikki's C-cup chest is described as ""big♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;)...which begs the question of why they recycled the characters in the first place.In short, while there is nothing necessarily egregious or wrong with the game, it's not really worth your time."
,Recommended,426000,22871771,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Trolio,I would recomend this to all the weebs
,Recommended,426000,22244090,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ekomora,Very fun game if you are multi tasker. 10/10 would play and do homework again.What did you think I was gonna say fap?♥♥♥♥in pervert...
,Recommended,426000,22243631,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,oplawlz,"For the price it's about the level of management game I would expect, with a decent amount of humor, fun voice acting, and replayability for unlocks."
,Recommended,426000,28892976,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Derkel,I enjoy this game especially the loading screens
,Recommended,426000,23886472,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Majezfeld18,#DoItForTheDickTrophies
,Recommended,426000,23443170,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,deimos,10/10 would totally watch
,Recommended,426000,22625375,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Dormire ★,I can't believe I'm addicted to this game. Send help.
76561198106337604,Recommended,426000,22624334,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,KaRaTeLoRd11,First time playing: in debt constantly and have hardly any fansSecond time playing: get silver trophyThird time playing: master cam manager10/10would do better again
,Recommended,426000,22605987,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Feliciano.Long,"Really awesome, just can't stop playing it."
76561198103652784,Recommended,426000,24761775,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MasterKairi,NEED NUDITY!
,Recommended,426000,22626874,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bamslam,Thing about the game is about the fans and money. I rate not as much of a porn game but its ayy thats pretty good/69
,Recommended,426000,24695556,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Magical Medic,"... This made me feel dirty.The gameplay is surprisingly solid: this isn't just a game that tries to get by on a gimmick. You could replace the cam girls with any other industry-building game and it would still work the same (which is to say, ""Way more challenging than you might expect.""). That it IS about running a cam girl empire where you have to feed their smoking and drinking habits to keep them working and can buy them cocaine to get them to work faster is funny as hell (sorry to any gamer cam girls who read this). When your power ups are things like butt plugs, ball gags and cat ears you can't help but giggle like a creepy preteen boy.It's never GROSS. It's just FUNNY.... Now where's the mod that lets me run a cam man empire?"
,Recommended,426000,22324627,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Scorcho,"This game is certainly not a HuniePop sequel, but it's still a game in the ""Hunie"" series. Instead of playing Bejewelled you are now playing a cam girl and prostitution tycoon.While playthroughs of a single save file last 2-3 hours, you still have achievements and unlockable outfits to keep you coming back like with HuniePop. But despite that, this game is still split down the middle with some people, mainly due to this game being completely different to HuniePop gameplay wise. I don't have any gripes with the game but I'm not saying everyone who enjoyed HuniePop will enjoy this, because this requires a whole lot more patience and it's also a different game now.I've found it's a good game to play when you want to just take it easy and listen to music, that's how I've spent most of my hours so far playing.And no, don't go in expecting full uncensored naked ladies, all you'll get is TV-14 art of the girl's covered asses. So if you played HuniePop for the nude waifus, you're gonna be disappointed with this game because it's a whole lot more lenient when it comes to nudity.I give this a 7/10 overall."
,Recommended,426000,24765059,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,nerdyrocker713,I about died laughing!! This game is awesome.
,Recommended,426000,30645739,Posted: 20 March,all,DinoGummi,The artwork is really cute.
,Recommended,426000,24835785,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,RaptorJesusss,"Here's a non-meme review.Gameplay: 7/10 : The game is fun if you enjoy clicker games and enjoy sim games as well. I really enjoyed experimenting with different combinations, trying to maximize fans and trying to maximize cash flow. I earned all the achievements but really wish there were more achievements and maybe harder to earn achievements.Replayability: 6/10 : The game is extremely replayable as you can experiment with different combos and play styles (while working for achieverments), but once you get all the achievements there won't be any reason to really play the game.Graphics: 7/10 : I enjoyed the style change compared to HuniePop, I thought the new characters were well drawn and the graphics were very Facebook clicker simSound: 8/10 : All the voice acting, although limited lines, was great and I thought the music was catchy.7.5/10 overall, was really fun and I think people will get a kick out of the humor."
76561198045735223,Recommended,426000,25363664,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JJIN,this is the game i will pay any future DLCreally need some new character DLC
,Recommended,426000,25366305,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,пиздаче,11/10
,Recommended,426000,23905693,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,OverCrave,'s cool
76561198251459234,Not Recommended,426000,23058937,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,larryglazebrooks,I loved Hunie Pop and was really hoping I would also like this game despite the differences but it was just really disappointing. I would avoid this game unless you specifically like its game type and the way it works.
,Not Recommended,426000,22353349,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lanetullahi Aleyhim,Too expensive for a game like this
,Recommended,426000,22486070,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PastelSpells ✨,"Don't listen to the negative reviews on here, this game is so fun and very addicting lmao.The art style is to die for also!! Everything is so well made. I just wish there was more nsfw. ;)"
76561198122164795,Recommended,426000,22558334,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Keza,Fabber
,Recommended,426000,22337213,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rias Gremory,Best game EVER! Also if you are like me and take buniess studies this will help a lot
,Not Recommended,426000,23740677,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,yoyks,"Why would anyone do this? Gaben, do you even care anymore? PC master races is going to hell for this"
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,426000,22330494,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,hermetico,"If you expected Hunie Hop 2, stay away of this. No gallery of exciting pics here. Absolutely none.This is a resource management game, highly addictive.You exploid your girls for money, which isn't so polite as to get a date with them.The game itself is an addictive resource management but, since rewards are just to buy some robe or hairstyle for your girls    , what makes no effect in the game, since no girl is seen during the gameplay, or to get the achivements, it lacks interest very soon.Devs, when will you release a meaty Hunie Hop 2, more girls, more pics, more explicit? when? when?"
76561197974961727,Recommended,426000,23278126,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Manu77,"Nice little game, take 1.5 hour to complete. Not really sure of the replay value as once you get the mechanism, it is not so thrilling to do over and over again. A but more depth, more actions or random events would have been nice, but at 6 bucks can't really complain. If you are looking for a quick and easy to get into game, this is a good one"
76561198004867370,Recommended,426000,22556663,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,DebtCo,I have dissapointed my parents.10/10
,Recommended,426000,22923146,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Candied Lemon,omg mom it's not porn it's business simulation
,Recommended,426000,22756216,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Clock Man csgogem.com cs.money,Excellent and adicting! 8.7/10
,Recommended,426000,22727850,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,󠀡Poppity,this game makes me rock hard
,Recommended,426000,31127302,Posted: 13 April,all,The Walking Holocaust,my girlfriend doesnt like how i plan her future...
,Recommended,426000,22353211,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SaltyDude,"First off, this game isn't HuniePop. Absolutely no where close to HuniePop, and it doesn't try to be. HunieCam Studio is it's own game. Where HuniePop is a dating sim/match three type game. HunieCam is a management/clicker game. While it lacks the personality that HuniePop had, it doesn't mean this game isn't worth playing.You start off with one camgirl and you work your way up to make ends meet. The ways you make money are either performing cam shows, or to sleep with dirty people at a hotel. Performing cam shows can take a long time to finish, but it is safe. When you sleep at a hotel you have to be absolutely careful, the action only takes 1 hour, but puts you at risks for STDs. You need to give your girls condoms, or else you risk putting your girls out of commission and lose your most popular girls.REMEMBER TO WRAP UP!But as far as a clicker game goes. I believe this is one of the more well designed clicker games. Unlike games such as Sakura Clicker, where you literally just click... and click... and click... Here in HunieCam, there are certainly some strategy required to get the highest score.Also, while the art work is insanely criticized. I personally am not a fan of it either. But, after a while, the art work has certainly grown on me a little bit. I understand if it isn't everyone's cup of tea, however.I gotta say, while I wasn't a huge fan of Tiffany in HuniePop. I really loved her in this game. She was the first girl I chose and she was my most profitable. She is low maintenance and low cost per hour. She has saved me countless of times from falling into bankruptcy in my first playthrough. The people in my game seem to really love fit teens that squirt, lol. I will go back to HuniePop and take Tiffany out on a nice dinner date, and maybe something else afterwards... ;) lolSo, all in all, my closing words. This game isn't perfect. But is it fun? I think it's a fun game for the price if you're looking for a few hours to kill. Purchasing the game also means supporting the devs so that we're that much closer to the HuniePop 2 that we want. I do have 1 major complaint for this game...WHERE THE F*CK IS CELESTE? D:"
76561198016250667,Recommended,426000,29832398,Posted: 10 February,all,^EIN^ Violent (FF14),"I mean.. who would not want to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cam girl?Seriously what makes this game epic is the game is not politically correct, instead it puts humor at the fore front"
76561198068316854,Recommended,426000,28775029,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JUICY PUICY,.................................I wish there were♥♥♥♥♥♥That is all.................................
76561198007303672,Recommended,426000,22260636,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Renrul,I play this game in my bathrobe.
,Recommended,426000,24421646,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cartof,"Very very nice simulatior of a girl cam business. The dialogues are okay, the girls are nice..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q0_23Djk6Y"
,Recommended,426000,22243902,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,haribomonsterx,i bought this for scientific research. very good tycoon like game.
,Recommended,426000,25357880,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,hannahlikescats,An addicting game and a great boredom-buster.10/10 would gladly accept a♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy again
,Recommended,426000,23860896,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pack A Poncho,"Just finished my first run (i got silver :P) and i have to say, i dont usually play these kind of games, but this one is FREAKING AWESOME.To be honest, I guess it's mostly because of the Huniepop nostalgia I felt, but still... the game was so much fun and very entertaining too!This game wont let you stop to think for a second, so try to pause it when you start, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and click the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of that mouse (or just click & hold if you're a normie).The Soundtrack in the game was amazing, didn't bothered me not even once, I enjoyed listening it for 2 and a half hours straight.However, I do wish it lasted longer than 21 days, I think there should have been 3 modes, the 20 day mode, the 40 day mode and the extreme 60 day mode. Eitherway, 21 days was more than enough to keep me on the border of my seat. :DI also wasnt very sure about the art style when I bought the game, but come to think if it... it is probably the most addecuate art style for this kind of game, and this game specially.That being said, I rate the game an 8/10 Would choose Nikki as a Starter again."
76561197985573260,Recommended,426000,24481547,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Hade,"Not many games on Steam that I'd actually give a positive review.I actually had fun playing this clicker game (actually you just mostly hold down the mouse button instead of clicking).It's just a business sim with mature themes (no nudity or anything like that). You hire girls and drop them into various buildings to make money, get more viewers, etc. And then you just click (hold mouse button down) to collect from that building. You can buy upgrades to assist you (i.e more bucks per click).You only have 21 days per game play. I lost my first two games (went broke). Third game I made it to the ending to get the lowest (5k) trophy."
,Recommended,426000,22907972,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Comrades945,"TL;DR: Hot chicks, fast clicks, 10/10.Slightly Shorter TL;DR: If you enjoy time/resource management games, cookie clicker (or any of its myriad of variants), and attractive women, buy this game. You will waste a lot of time, and you will enjoy every second of it.(Tiffany is best girl and anyone who disagrees has♥♥♥♥♥♥tier taste.)"
,Not Recommended,426000,22286095,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sey,"I want to preface this right now: If you like easy management games, you will like this. DO NOT come into this expecting anything Hunie Pop level (and I do mean anything).I've played 20.7 hrs so far as of this review, and despite not recommending it, I'll probably play more to try and get achievements and finish off the girl's wardrobes. If you look at this in money vs time, then yeah. I've definitely gotten my moneys worth. That being said, this game isn't fun and it's not very entertaining. And honestly? If I wasn't interested in supporting the devs I would have wished to never purchase it.The problem is the game is boring. It's just... Boring. Everything about the game is lackluster. If you follow a guide, you can unlock all achievements very quickly.Voice Acting & Sound:The voice acting is minimal sound bites for the girls (which is good), but Kyu who has full lines and is your tutorial is... Not into it. That's the cold open. You get a radically different (but cute) artstyle and a VA who very clearly was not into the lines. And while you shouldn't compare the characters from last game to this game, as it is a spin off, Kyu is an exception. She's the only one who speaks more than one line at a time, she's your tutorial, for ♥♥♥♥s sake, and even SHE sounds bored. I really don't want to play a game where the tutorial is already bored, trying to teach me to play. Honestly, for the last 10 hrs of play I have kept my sound completely off. The noises are headache inducing when collecting (male voices going yeah and woo repeatedly) and the girls, while having funny and cute lines, just don't make up for the mind numbing music and constant sounds of doodz.Gameplay:Typical clicker fare. This usually wouldn't be an issue, but I would have expected SOME innovation from the same devs who made Huniepop. Something new and fun to mix it up. This is just a copy-paste clicker management game. You get girls. You train girls. You get money. You keep them full of smokes and booze and STD free (as much as possible). The upgrades are run of the mill. More girls, more girls can occupy the same space, more money, and speed. That's it.Second + playthroughs are irritating in the fact that, no matter what you do, the tutorial appears. I'd understand if the tutorial appeared if you were using a new savestate, but even if you go to a new one directly from your previous play, the tutorial pops up. There's no continuity from play A to play B and it really sucks. Something small like Kyu welcoming you back and asking if you wanted her to explain all the stuff again would have been super. Instead you have to wait about ~30-45 seconds and hear the same boring♥♥♥♥♥lines and set up until you get the magical 'skip all tutorials button'. And then, the tutorial that basically took 2 days out of your play and slowly unlocked buildings and upgrades as it baby stepped you into playing? It's gone and everything is unlocked. That was a shocker. There was no rebuilding up or strategy needed there.When you recruit girls, you're forced to pick one of the three given. Even if you were to have someone go back into the agency and recruit again, you're still met with the same 3 girls. It's annoying. Likewise, let's say I have three girls, but only 2 have done work while the other is just rotting away doing nothing, not on payroll, never on payroll. Somehow, the fans know she's there (like sharks smelling blood in water maybe?) and anything she represents (fit, teen, latina, asian, etc) now appears on the fan breakdown. This doesn't have a strong impact on the game itself, but it breaks the continuity again. It's a minor detail that bugs me.Artwork:It's cute. I adore it. I like the fact that you earn coins to unlock new hairstyles and clothes. So that's about the only perk I see and why I still play this.Conclusion:I didn't expect Huniepop and I think anyone downvoting this game for not being Huniepop are being assinine. This isn't the same game. However, being made by the same devs, I would expect some innovation and an eye for detail. One reviewer put it well when calling this a weird newgrounds knock off, because that's what it feels like. This FEELS like a free game. It PLAYS like a free game. There's nothing here that knocks my socks off or makes me want to tell my friends. It's a typical clicker management where even the tutorial is bored sounding. I really want to like this game, but I can't and I can't in good conscious tell anyone else to buy it."
76561198028208795,Not Recommended,426000,22289245,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PinkuSugoivisor,"TLDR: game was playable but the rewards sucked, loading screens and costumes for girls whom you almost never see their full body portrait in game because you're too busy focusing on micromanaging? Very disappointingI've played through 5 times, 3 on normal and 2 on hard.The gameplan is very simple, get as many fans as possible during the 3 week span.Your rewards for doing well are different costume elements for the character of your choice. And once all of a single character's costume options you are rewarded with an illustation of them ranging from ""not very"" to ""Okay that's a bit nsfw"" on the lewd scale.Now my main complaints with the game aren't about the game play or the art style or questioning of why he included cake farts as a fetish.-The gameplay is what you would expect from a game like this, it's not very deep and can be monotonous. but again what could you expect?-The art is different from what everyone loved from the first game and for some people dialed down the sexiness of the characters. But in a game not focused on courting the girls and given the type of game this is and how you're barely even looking at them compared to the timers and numbers you constantly have your eyes on.-Cake farts is a meme fetish. shrug whateverNo the biggest problem are the rewards. For forcing ourselves through a game where we just watch numbers go up and timers tick down for what feels close to an hour I don't feel like we've been given what's due to us. Who's this game targeted to? perverts. right, what do perverts like? Girls doing lewd things and showing skin and fufiling what sick fetish we have, right.  So what are you gonna give us? Just the loading screens of each character???? Seriously? You can see those in the trailer and by just playing the game!! I wouldn't as upset if they were original works you don't see during the trailer or the loading sequences but it seems really weak given who the game is marketed to.Disappointing"
,Not Recommended,426000,22291165,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,the9avenger9,"This is not at all like Huniepop.The game is shallow, and mainly focuses on management of the girls and their activities with no interaction between them and the player.And I don't really like the art style for some reason."
,Not Recommended,426000,22285364,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Kario,"I guess its alright, it'd be so much better if wasn't made like a phone game. Using only the mouse to control the game hurts it, I have a disability that makes it hard for me to move my arm and hand a lot. Which is what you have to do in this game, so by the time I beat the first run both my arms were hurting so badly it hurt to type to my friends. If this game had keyboard support and key control it'd be 110% better of a game. I'm not that big a fan of the mannagement games but this 1 was fun for the first playthrough, idk about anymore playthough. I think what made it enjoyable for me was the leveling up the girls to do better then having 1 girl to do all the shopping for you. I'm not sure though, sadly due to my own physical disability I can't recommend this game due to the major lack of fun I had due to no keyboard support.P.S. This game is listed as having nudity like Huniepop but this one has none, there's a lot of sexual humor such as in buying the sex toys for cam kinks. But that may help it sell to the PG."
,Not Recommended,426000,22290312,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,whiimsicott,"The game is ok at best. The art style is cute, but after what we got in HuniePop it was also ultimately disappointing and inappropriate. Personally I like management games and overall I'm okay with what's presented. It's a basic point and click, drag and drop.It feels like this is a game still in Beta and not really yet complete. There's no characterization for the new characters and their bios leave you with very little idea of them. I enjoyed seeing my favorite girls again so this left me with little incentive to hire the new cast. There's no story and the girls aren't even connected like they were in HuniePop. There was potential for way more fetishes.Also it's total bs that you can only buy one condom at a time, who does that?I wouldn't recommend to anyone who hasn't played or wasn't a hardcore fan of Huniepop. It's playable just disappointing."
,Recommended,426000,22272627,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mizo,"I was called ""Super weird"" by a good friend for playing this game.  Highly reccomend it!"
76561198047700151,Recommended,426000,23834269,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jack Aufenhand,Cocaine and butt stuff were the key features in my line up. Good game for 4 USD.
76561198295890892,Recommended,426000,23743751,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Chibi Robots,This game is a really good game for people who enjoy creating strategy or just like clicker games. Plus the little twist of it having the cam girl plot makes it a little better. Just make sure you give your fingers a break once in a while lol.
,Recommended,426000,23485335,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,cookies,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game to girls who grew up playing Barbie games, and have a silly sense of humour.The developers of this game have somehow perfectly mastered the girly, pink aesthetic that brings back fond childhood memories of being pushed into gendered activites (not that I didn't enjoy playing Barbie games).You even get to pick the outfits of the girls, like any other 'girl game'. Each girl has a different personality and there is plenty of racial diversity.I would not fap to this game if I was attracted to girls, there is very mild soft porn but nothing noteworthy, the girls are all clothed. The art style reminds me of Bratz dolls or Diva Starz dolls that I used to play with.A pleasant, quirky and charming clicker/management sim game, perhaps unintentionally advertised to the wrong audience."
,Recommended,426000,23491539,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ra1nless,someone release me from cam girl hell I can't stop10/10
,Recommended,426000,23548162,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,articelend,"Fans of HuniePop will like this game, and people who like time management games will love HunieCam Studio. It's a game with lots of replayability and its creative take on a real life industry.http://www.reviewsquawk.wordpress.com/2016/06/14/huniecam-studio-review/"
76561197991279915,Recommended,426000,23601742,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,zephusdragon,"Take the business sim format, add some clicker style elements, throw in a helping of obvious parody of a booming internet industry, and you've got Hunie Cam Studio in a nut shell. The tutorial does a great job of easing you into each game play element as the game goes on, showing you what you can do to grow your empire. From there it's up to you how you gain fans, which is the ultimate goal. Now unlike some business sim games, this one is not designed as a sandbox. You are given a set time limit to gain as many fans as you can. After the days are over you are given a ""trophy"" based on how many fans you've gained, and there isn't much incentive to continue after the time runs out. One added plus is that all the girls have voice acting, and sound very much like you'd expect the particular charater to sound. Obviously this game isn't going to be for everyone. People may be turned away from the fact it's promoting the CamGirl lifestyle, but the game play is very good if you aren't squemish about that topic. I've enjoyed my time because of the genre, style, and voices of the game."
,Recommended,426000,29863707,Posted: 11 February,all,Moonkitty_289,best game 10/10
,Not Recommended,426000,32921356,Posted: 28 June,all,sailorbitch,"cute graphics and it's well made, but really boring to play. i'd only get it for ~$2."
,Recommended,426000,25224409,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Weeaboo Jones,A game that gives you an achievement for giving every type of STD10/10
,Not Recommended,426000,33164936,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Alexanderp,"I got this game expecting the same glorious fusion of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and addictive phone games.  Neither the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s or the management game aspect game were even worth the two dollars I spent on it.  Get a refund and pick up Huniepop instead, that's what I did."
76561198285070354,Recommended,426000,23149095,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Satoshi the Yoshi,"I have just about sunken 100 hours into this adoreabley scandalous little game.  My wrist may feel shattered, but my heart is full.  My only critique on this beautiful love letter to Hunie Pop is maybe to make finger blasting just as fast as holding down the mouse.  But my goodness, the game is just so cute <3 I really wanna draw these characters <333"
76561198369068703,Recommended,426000,30199603,Posted: 26 February,all,the number five,"Good cool fun game, awesome thanksthanks for punctuation it for meno heheyehi didnt say hehe ha ♥♥♥♥"
76561198025503840,Recommended,426000,28043208,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Scala,"Small and fun game, but gets very old, very fast.. 4-8hours of playtime till you get bored. Got a few loughs out of it tho, so not a bad choice when it is on sales."
76561198022296106,Recommended,426000,32507014,Posted: 17 June,all,Whispre,"Personally, I liked this game, simple and fun. A good time waster."
,Recommended,426000,22554279,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Daddy'zLilZebra,"A very rare and out of the blue type of game, music is amazing and upbeat, the characters bring joy and tears to my eyes!~~The gameplay in my opion is very fun and yet diffcult at time but very enjoyable, a very well made silly and very fun game!~"
,Recommended,426000,33037208,Posted: 30 June,all,VeneTalia,Now I really know how to run a business! Mom would be so proud.
,Recommended,426000,33044858,Posted: 30 June,all,Ryu_CZ,I think I am for some support of this  business by states.
76561198370846648,Recommended,426000,33049357,Posted: 30 June,all,aimanfadzillah91,im playing this with my gf lol and shes into the game too...
,Recommended,426000,22244808,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,El_Droidio,"I have no idea how this got in my steam library, probably gifted from a friend, cant have bought this myself..... no.... definatly didnt buy it... myself...."
,Recommended,426000,22244811,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,JustNobody,This game is going to be the end of me xD10/10 would play again
,Recommended,426000,22244828,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,kitezero,"you can buy cocaine to improve productivity, too real"
,Recommended,426000,22245133,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ZombieBT,"It just keep going, its killing me. please send help!"
,Recommended,426000,22244959,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,peramene,"Great game for ♥♥♥♥♥ to let their freak flags fly a little, fantastic design elements - and hey, it even promotes safe sex. Sort of.Biggest critique is that the developer dropped lady gamers into a world of being called ""boi"" and, uh, giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies. That said - ladies likely to play this game aren't likely to care about that stuff. All the same, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥HuniePot, way to go.(Audrey is best girl)"
,Recommended,426000,22245360,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Invisible Expert,"Tiffany still says ""what's shakin' bacon?"" and Audrey caught gonorrhea.10/10 and a great laugh."
76561198376841133,Recommended,426000,30830197,Posted: 30 March,all,MemeMaster,Amazing game. Enough said.
,Recommended,426000,22332401,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Dogone,"11 hours, unlocked everything.11/10, would play again."
,Recommended,426000,24221297,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Great Josh Its Gosh,Had a good time until my best girl got AIDS
,Recommended,426000,22279026,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,765Toasty,iz aight.
,Recommended,426000,24425034,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,xiin,brainless. fun.
,Recommended,426000,25520932,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Josh is bored lol,It's shameless fun.
,Recommended,426000,23236358,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Satan,Hey there that's pretty good1!1!1!
,Recommended,426000,28926925,Posted: 1 January,all,ZeldaOnGenesis,"Strangly addicting, I really love this game, achievements are hard (hehe) but are fun to go for, definitely worth the small price tag. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198058784227,Recommended,426000,28946552,Posted: 2 January,all,Heydayjs,Just your average clicker game...  With boobs... And amazing loading screen art.
76561198250400062,Recommended,426000,28969678,Posted: 3 January,all,monster,"this game made me learn how to masturbate with my left hand.ok talking serious buy it on sale, it's one of those short games."
76561198310846352,Recommended,426000,28924399,Posted: 1 January,all,the big,"this is a fun game that doesn't take too long to complete, however I did have to buy a wrist brace because this game made me fear getting carpal tunnel. I got all the acheivements with a play time of 18 hours so it's not hard to approach."
,Recommended,426000,22268964,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dex,It's not HuniePop.It's HuniePopCap Games.It's Diner Dash with camgirls.10/10100/100Best game
76561198037287675,Recommended,426000,22301801,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,DuckPipe,Cake farting is in the game10/10
,Recommended,426000,22297680,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Shirnosai,playedmissed 1.270k fans for plat throphy.almost committed suicide.great game 9/6
,Recommended,426000,34673686,Posted: 1 September,all,Sahara,it's a tycooni swear that's why i played it
,Recommended,426000,22803563,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Boozebgood,"useally don't like clickers that said i looked up the gameplay before REALLY LOVED the idea, so funny and well done i just had to buy it looked uniqe, whoever made this thank you it really is fun for clicker, i useally hate them but this is first one i really enjoy"
,Recommended,426000,22289969,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ElenaStar,Interesting take on a strategy resource game
,Recommended,426000,22275518,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Real Human,10/10 would bang
76561197991864153,Not Recommended,426000,22249604,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Real CHIM Shady,Literally just a hectic cookie clicker with girls (no nudity etc).
,Not Recommended,426000,22246866,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep Summoner,"I really liked Hunie Pop and put a lot of time into it. When my friends saw it on my Steam profile lots of them made fun of me before asking me why I liked the game. I told them the characters were attractive, not just because of their looks but their attitudes. The first game in this series is awesome, sexy, and hilarious with tons of time you can put into it and a main game that will last you awhile. This one has dialogue from one character and that's it. All the other voices are basically short sound bites. While the first was an awesome puzzle game with a lot of memorable characters and gameplay that required a lot of thought this is a simplistic clicker game with terrible businesses management mechanics. Don't bother playing this game as is if you enjoyed the first as you don't even have titillation to look forward to. I'm shocked and saddened how unlike in tone and depth this is compared to the first game."
76561198062374059,Not Recommended,426000,22246865,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,---,Not a terrible game but really cant compare to HuniePop. I hope their next game returns to the much more appealing HuniePop style and has better scenes/artwork to unlock.
76561198045813758,Not Recommended,426000,22246360,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ocp23,"If you expected porn or nudity, prepare to be sorely dissapointed. The most lewd you get is underwear, and that's it.Characters are SEVERLY lacking personality, and the reward for completing the game is lewd coins to see panties.Pacing is off, far to fast paced. Honestly it's just disappointing compared to Huniepop.Play Huniepop if you want porn with a decent game and good characters. This is just a clicker, and a simple one at that."
,Not Recommended,426000,22249973,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Nano,It's not lewd enough.
,Recommended,426000,24022606,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Negative One,10/10. 10/10.
76561198203127334,Recommended,426000,26115064,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,N E K O,"I saw, I Came, I Conquered. Was a fun and  challenging game where I found out about new fetishes."
76561198236511434,Recommended,426000,26137277,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Unraveiling Dragonfly,"Great game I'm addicted, the game has goals that your really have to work for."
,Recommended,426000,26114573,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Muchietan,"This game has an addictive quality about it, that makes you want to sit there and play it until you have all the achievements, however it is basically just a streamlined clicker game with time management. Sadly once you've got all the achievements it's hard to motivate yourself to play it again, but while there are still achievements, it's highly enjoyable."
76561198076733912,Recommended,426000,26158163,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,silvercrystal.ct,Hell of a lot of fun.In spite of being a clicker type I can still see many more hours getting plugged into this.
76561198002555011,Recommended,426000,22543670,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,MattyVanHalen,"I'll be honest--I wasn't sold on this game until my star girl, who had recently just picked up syphilis, was determined to use the cake I bought her to satisfy the cake farting fetish of many middle-aged men, despite her new disease.  That builds character in a person, and I admire that, and made me feel like I was a true webcam business owner!Unfortunately, a few days later, she received AIDS, and I had to fire her.  I think I'll probably hear from HR  about that one."
76561198001362991,Recommended,426000,22304883,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Schrödinger's Trap,I don't even have to jack off to hurt my hands.
,Recommended,426000,29449160,Posted: 23 January,all,ニノミ姫,"Very fun, amusing game."
76561198121583869,Recommended,426000,29496036,Posted: 25 January,all,beefe,beli was back as a blessing 10/10
76561198304588354,Not Recommended,426000,29821493,Posted: 10 February,all,SleepyOtter,"it's fun for about an hour until it gets extremely boring. buy huniepop instead, it's bejeweled with♥♥♥♥♥♥and waifus."
76561198141449261,Recommended,426000,29097569,Posted: 7 January,all,RayofLight,"game is small business simulation, where you let girls cam for you.Nudity, if at all, is only subtly hinted at.The game is quite repetitive, and if you are a fanof huniepop lore/chars, they have 0 character in here.The unlockable outfits are somewhat okay, but don'tplay this game for pron reasons. Then it is an ok game.Probably a solid 6/10."
,Not Recommended,426000,22401142,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Fart Cat,It takes a little less than two hours to beat the game and there's no scenario variety or alternate goals to pursue to give you a reason to ever play it again after that.
,Recommended,426000,34228094,Posted: 13 August,all,Wolvesfires,Good.
76561198025420770,Recommended,426000,23032661,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,HentaiLord #Trend,"- While developing a methodological toolkit for the qualitative study of virgin management games, I have somewhat came to the conclusion that operating in this game requires all senses of human interaction, without the physical or attractive demand.- Among these interactions would be touch, smell, and even taste.- Also, upon doing further critical analysis, the game helps the nomenclature for extant human species: the human male, to assist in the eliciting of the male liquid by performing similar reponses that an human male would not be able to achieve due to many reasons, (odor, facial structure, income, etc.)- By coding the movement of several pixels to simulate the outside environment, the result indicates an interaction between the human female, in part of which these males playing have never interacted with.Overall, an amazing game about the possible exposure to the female genitalia.9.75 / 10 out of the Dewey Decimal Classification system under Title 18: Murder and Manslaughter."
,Recommended,426000,31960305,Posted: 25 May,all,Gobsmacked,You wanna be a pimp? This is the game for you!
,Recommended,426000,22260499,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Neko,"Jessie! We have to cam!I liked it at least. It's probably one of the better clicker games out there, in that it's a clicker game you actually have to PLAY to get a high score, not just close the game and let it run in the background while you play something else. I think the time limit does the genre a great service, and makes it an effective time management simulator rather than a ""sit on a chair and watch the numbers grow"" simulator.It's a clicker game that is well...actually a GAME."
,Recommended,426000,24480682,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,XeeX,Ball Gag only !!
76561198007359938,Not Recommended,426000,23335355,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Irishsaint,Very dull game. It\'s just not for me.
,Recommended,426000,29548491,Posted: 28 January,all,Sane-sensei,"I like games like this which has a little micromanaging in it. Game is very simple and easy to complete, but if you want to get all the achievements it's get a little harder. Without walkthrough it's pretty much ""play, learn from the mistakes and play again""-type of game so it might not be that good for those who don't like to play the same game multiple times. I still recommend it since it's very relaxing game and easy to understand. 7/10"
76561198319657580,Recommended,426000,25062652,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,The Grim Reaper,If you like putting girls in buildings. This game is for you. Also watch out for aids
76561198093803385,Recommended,426000,27992148,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vulcan,OHHH YEAH!
,Recommended,426000,28069655,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hideki,*sigh*... here we go again
,Not Recommended,426000,23821355,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gazia,It's crap. Mediocre management system with clicker game mechanics. CLICKER games are ♥♥♥♥ing FREE. ♥♥♥♥ you!
76561198241596864,Not Recommended,426000,34256379,Posted: 15 August,all,Lpsrocks00,WHAT IS CAKE FARTING AND WHY DO IGET SO MUCH MONEY FROM IT
76561198042485966,Recommended,426000,25312487,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Pete the MiniWheat Johnson,"A beat the clock Managment game with a ecchi vibe! This game can be played almost anywhere! Your home not a problem, your work(dont worry your boss already plays), on the bus(people will give you stern looks of great approval! You can even play it in church(or where ever) the voice acting and the music will go hand with what ever you are doing! Play it during class even!a good game to get on sale! a solid 6/10"
,Not Recommended,426000,31692609,Posted: 11 May,all,binary_spider,"Ultimately I say pass on this one.  Not because it's poorly made, but just because the actual game is extremely limited and really just amounts to button mashing and snap decisions.  The art is good, the game functions well and everything they tried to achieve is done well.  My complaint is with the substance of the game itself, and the amount of freedom you have.  I don't think you will replay this game more than a handful of times; but maybe the price is worth it to you to play some mindless, risque' little game.  I predict that you'll be in the same boat as me; entertained, but wishing I had my money back.  I would say this game is middle of the road if I had the option, but if it comes to a thumbs up or down situation, I have to say thumbs down.  Sorry, HunnieCam Studio, I know you tried."
,Recommended,426000,22240806,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,FreeZone,"Got into the Game, got called a Sick Freak.Almost like in Reallife...Worth 10/10 Tissues"
76561198079768846,Recommended,426000,22510009,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,savekittykat0,"Its alot more addictive than the first one. The art style is also alot better, and the voice acting is great. After 100% the first on my partners computer I HAD to get this one so I can have the trophys. BOY IS THIS ONE HARDER! I REALLY REALLY REALLY DONT LIKE THAT YOU HAVE TO GET 100K BULLSH*T FOLLOWERS IN 21 DAYS ITS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE! I HATE HATE HATE IT!!!!But I love being a sleezy cam girl / escort operator I kinda wish it was that easy... Also wish the girls knew I too was a lady especially the fairy b*tch......8/10"
,Not Recommended,426000,22580076,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Diamond Dash,"Until the developer fixes the game, it doesn't work on linux in the slightest.fullscreen / windowed mode are both horribly brokenterrible graphics artifacts and the game is completely unplayable due to this.I'm just lucky I don't have an issues with seizures, because holy batman that was bad. Never knew my monitor could flash that quickly."
76561198093919303,Not Recommended,426000,31563993,Posted: 5 May,all,Master Cube,"If you liked huniepop, you probably won't like this. It's not porn, it's a farmville style game."
76561198012362289,Recommended,426000,24451121,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Skooma Cat (Father Figure),ALL I HAVE TO SAYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4wsA--VWEo
,Recommended,426000,22240147,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dolmenator,"If you want to see girls with heart pupils, earn d*ck trophies and play with one hand, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,426000,22244972,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lady Santa,"I really wanted to love this game ~ I really, really wanted to.Mostly because Huniepop was such a gem, for its surprisingly challenging puzzles, its great humor, its lovable personalities. I had grown attached to my Huniepop baes (; <3.Unfortunately, Huniecam Studio is nothing like Huniepop... like, nothing at all. It's basically a mindless clicking game, without much content at all. You click click click to assign girls to work stations, and click click click to collect the money ~ not unlike the resource gathering games you can get on your phone.I think the Devs are trying to bank on...a) the big success that Huniepop has (by bringing back the characters from that game, minus the fun dialogues we had in Huniepop), andb) the porn setting (even though we see a lot less sexy content than we did in Huniepop)...to attract buyers ~ but the game itself isn't great.If you're simply looking for a mindless clicking game, this one can be as good as any ~ the price isn't too bad."
76561198050811628,Recommended,426000,22278424,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SoraKingdomKey3,"Getting this out of the way: I recommend this if you're ok with the tycoon genre and short games. If you're expecting another Huniepop, stear clear.I have been optimistic about this game from the beginning. I welcomed the new art style and gameplay. Do I like the game? Yes, it was very fun, but way too short. I really don't understand why it's so short. I want it to be longer, have more time to be able to get a trophy. Why only 3 weeks? Not even a month at least? That part really bothers me. I finished my first playthrough with 2,000+ fans. How can I get better? That's what I mostly want to know.It may sound like I dislike this game, but I actually do. I just wish it was longer.Bottom line: if you just want Huniepop 2, don't buy this. If you want a short fun time with a tycoon game, then do buy it. It's really good for what it is. Just a little short."
,Recommended,426000,25375376,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jhaiven,I enjoy getting girls gonorrhea and then sending them off to cam with their spiciness. #makingbank
,Recommended,426000,22240666,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,WeskerBot3000,>keeps going into the red>most of the girls keep getting STDs>can't get the anti-biotics for the life of me>realize i'm terrible at managing a buisness>cry10/10 devs done it again
76561198008398020,Not Recommended,426000,33932963,Posted: 31 July,all,Robinicus,I thought this looked interesting but the gameplay just sucks....all you do is follow the prompts in the right order and click your mouse on different buildings. It had potential but just another developer that doesn't get that gameplay trumps all....save your money for something else.
76561198168343042,Not Recommended,426000,34161995,Posted: 10 August,all,mojopy,"I first played hunie pop and it was great,  then they came out with ""whole new level of debauchery"" yeah right. this pile of garbage should have been released as a free app game for the phone, that's about all its good for. boring game play, pathetic art and zero f's given about the characters.  waste of money waste of time, wasted effort."
,Not Recommended,426000,22243225,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Wittmann,"The game itself is pretty basic, and fun enough to keep you entertained for an hour long playthrough (if that), but there is no real progression, no end game. Essentially, the whole game builds up well for the first half to end abruptly after ~21 (ingame) days. It feels like they had a decent idea, but the game lacks any challenge/content once you have a basic hang on how to play decently.Final Score - 4/10"
,Recommended,426000,22262727,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,_Washii_ v2,- ConsGot Visual AidsWasted MoneyBleached EyeballsMother looks down on me nowGirlfriend left meSteam account will soon get banned from thisHuniePop Spin-Off-Ish-ProsCute-ish Females69/11
76561198042525828,Recommended,426000,29814942,Posted: 9 February,all,BRITISH LAD,Porn
,Recommended,426000,22283888,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,afk t spawn,"this really is the perfect game""Hunie"" alone will lure any disturbed soul who finds paying ~$10 for slightly suggestive content warranted, because naughty things on steam are oh so taboo, and patching it makes us all feel like 1337 h4x0rz.Said suggestive content will keep any of those pesty age-limit ignorers up far past their bedtime (these ones are probably too young to know about the free content on NG that would probably be more fulfilling).The game itself takes jabs at the undoubtedly innumerable souls that buy the game for either of the above reasons.The game makes you question your own actions: Why the hell did I buy this? What am I doing wrong in life? Why are my only text messages from my mom?The game serves as an entertaining time killer.It can be challenging, if you choose to go for the achievements anyway.It serves as a strategy, adventure, and story-telling game, appealing to the bored, the weebs, the casuals, and the underage.It's so linear that the replayability is actually endless.This game is basically the new pinball. Revolutionary, timeless.That being said, I have never admired a developer more, and would recommend this game to anyone for it will surely change your outlook on life. 11/10"
76561197961349661,Recommended,426000,22333869,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kawaii Thomas,"It is objectifying and dirty.  10/10 it's okayActually more like 6/10 but maybe like a high 6, especially if you get it on a nice sale and are in the mood for a clicking game that you could probably finish in a couple of days.Also by playing this with the Steam controller, I can just have one of the triggers set to rapid fire perpetual click and burn through all the clicking by just holding odwn the trigger.  It's like magic!Warning, there's no actual nudity in this game."
76561198057532726,Recommended,426000,25196202,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Admiral Anal,Gave all the girls STDs. Just like real life.
,Recommended,426000,34234716,Posted: 14 August,all,Patty Cake,"Hey! You want another Candy Crush esc game with anime girls?! Doyoulike naked virtual girls and dating them? Doyouwant Huniepop 2? Well too bad. Here's a clicker game with onlyhalfnaked girls.StoryHuniecam's story is very unimportant to the game itself. Basically you areinsert persona hereand it's your first day being the manager of a cam studio; pornography, not selling cameras, and you are trusted by your supervisor/assistant, Kyu, to earn the company a large fanbase and a decent amount of money within 22 days. Kyu will occasionally give you tips and show you new places that have opened for you to use.GameplayDespite what was said at the beginning, HunieCam is more than just a clicker game. HunieCam can be described more accurately as a business tycoon gamewhere clicking is the only option.Your goal is to gain as many fans as possible. This is achieved by hiring girls to do cam shows and/or photoshoots. Each girl has her own stats, strengths and weaknesses. For example: Audrey has level two of each stat and is cheap to pay for. But she smokes and drinks a lot forcing you to micromanage shopping as well as doing cam shows. There are two stats: Talent and Style. Talent affects how much money you get and Style affects how many fans you earn per photoshoot. These stats can be gained from going to a strip club or a shopping mall doing this also doubles their pay. Some girls, like Audrey, will drink and smoke. How often a girl smokes or drinks is shown by her stats. Never: never drinks/smokes. Sometimes: drinks/smokes once every couple of hours. Often: drinks/smokes more, well, often. Addicted: drinks/smokes every hour or so. To obtain drinks and ""cigs"" you can send a girl to a liquor store and a general store to obtain ten per trip. If a girl wants to have a drink or smoke and you run out it will effect theirStress.Stress is gained whenever an action is performed and the amount of stress gained is dependant on how long a task takes. If a girl is too stressed out they will not work. To get around this there is a spa where you can relieve said stress. In addition there are significant upgrades that will improve work productivity. Earning more money, having more girls, amount of girls able to work in one building among other things. To improve a girl individually there are items you can shop for at an adult shop which can; give certain fetishes to a girl, improving the amount of fans earnt; Supress the need to smoke or drink; Reduce a girl's pay by half and much more. To earn money you send girls to a cam studio and - depending on what fetishes your girl specializes in, talent skill, upgrades and fan count -  you will earn a certain amount of money. Alternatively you can go to a motel which will give you the earnings of a cam show but you run the risk of gaining an STD. STD's will stop you from being able to do a specific task like cam shows. To earn fans there is a photo studio where girls earn - depending on fetishes and Style - you will earn a certain amount of fans. You can also gain fans by investing in advertisments for specific fetishes. Any task can be sped up by an in-game minute by clicking on it. As you can tell there are a lot of variables when it comes to this game and you need to strategically plan which girls to get, what upgrades to get at what times, when to upgrade talent or style etc. There is much thought to put into this game when you want to get the highest score possible.PROs- Game is challenging yet simple- Achievements are simple to understand and obtain- New characters added to the Huniepop universe- The game is a good example of what a clicker game should be: A game which requires clicking and attention to achieve your goal.- No nudityCONs- Soundtrack consists of 2 tracks you'll hear throughout the game.- Gameplay can get repetitive after playing for a while- Late game requires little to no effortFinal ThoughtsAll in all HunieCam was a nice spin-off from huniepop. The game itself is simple but it doesn't mean it is an easy game per say. Even so once you get a hang of it the game becomes really easy. It can be fun trying for higher high scores but other than that the game doesn't offer much in terms of gameplay or soundtrack for that matter. Still. It's what I feel should define clicker/business tycoon games as a whole. I give this game a score of 6.5/10."
,Recommended,426000,22248103,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Major Asshole,Huniepop for PyrosHold M1 for victory
,Recommended,426000,22267309,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,UnmaskYourDesire,What I'm doing with my life?
76561198002081861,Not Recommended,426000,23514615,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Randseed,"I don't know what else to say about this but ""pretty bad."" It has the promise of being a fun game that doesn't take itself too seriously, but what you actually get is some kind of click-fest with very, very limited content. Refund requested. Don't waste your time or money."
76561198271809027,Recommended,426000,22288383,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,The Schmodder,"Though I did exepct more... ""visuals"" to give it it's restricted rating, I still found the game to be quite fun and definitely worth getting. When I first saw it I thought it looked kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that I should probably avoid getting it but I did get it out of curiousity and to be honest I've already spent 8 hours on it and I don't even feel like I'm bored of it. It has a good layout, a great strategy (similar to huniepop) and overall is really good, and not just about♥♥♥♥♥♥:D. Though it is of course not without minor flaws, it's still well worth buying as it's definitely one of the more enjoyable games I've played recently."
,Recommended,426000,22275131,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,wBrianthepyro,nice
76561198108371195,Recommended,426000,22275994,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ismenis,I've justed wasted 8 hours of my life on this game but tbh it's great enough that I don't even care
76561198160481268,Recommended,426000,29707220,Posted: 4 February,all,Darkborne,Now you just need a First-Person sex game.
,Recommended,426000,22247903,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Guggaming,"I can do everything in this game with only my left-hand 10/10 (y)btw, here's my gameplay (th language)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS6PiOXDoQ8"
,Recommended,426000,24589172,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Joninator The Spooky,"In HoneyCum Studeo you force girls into online pornos and make profit for a ♥♥♥♥♥ who won't pay you, but you have to pay ghe girls despite you keep them in your basement. Apparently not paying girls is okay, but forcing them into literal prostution is. This game features the impossible task of clicking...a lot...and dragging....it's all you do....it lasts 2 hours....Can you HANDLE that? 5/10 fish."
,Recommended,426000,31273649,Posted: 21 April,all,DaddyBojangles,My body was made for this.
,Recommended,426000,34535499,Posted: 27 August,all,evil morty,it's okay
,Recommended,426000,32658456,Posted: 22 June,all,Sbubby,"I loved HuniePop, and I love this too.10/10"
76561198031437530,Not Recommended,426000,31044668,Posted: 9 April,all,narutoavila,this is the worst its a clicking game and every few times i click it exits the game to my desktop and i'm losing time in game because its still running then it glitchs out and becomes a hassel to open it up again fullscreen or not on any resolution with it uninstalled and reinstalled again i've been looking for fixes for a few days now cause I know the game can be fun but not only can I just not play I can't find a resonable explanation to my problem at all
,Recommended,426000,23318911,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Josey The Gaylord,"Pros:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Can Be Pro/Can Be Con:Its a clicker.Cons:Kinda Pricey, But It isnt actually that bad, so."
76561198046663630,Recommended,426000,22241350,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,1upstories,"-Fun, tycoon based game.-A must buy-Well priced-7/10 too many d!ck trophies"
,Not Recommended,426000,22243230,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Syathan,"It is funny and enjoyable for the first time playing through. You manage a bunch of camwh.. girls who later give ""special shows"" to STD riddled Rich viewers.Like HuniePop you get pretty often insulted for playing the game and that's it... yes. After this you replay the whole thing again, same in same out. You can now go for achievements or just for the perfect score. But it pretty much stays the same.When I bought the game I hoped for some ""Starting at the bottom, now we're here""-story. But it's more like keeping the business for some demented tutor girl, who has no time doing things but keeps around all the time anyway.TL;DR: THERE IS LITERALLY NO REPLAY VALUE WHATSOEVER."
,Not Recommended,426000,22243411,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rick Harrison,"Got it and refunded it, none of the charm of the original game, art is♥♥♥♥♥♥ samey gameplay, worth 99 cents at most"
,Recommended,426000,22278918,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Jazzy Goose Boy,It ain't bad.All the hot♥♥♥♥♥♥is in the loadscreens sadly.
76561197969413676,Not Recommended,426000,34193740,Posted: 12 August,all,JoeTheBlow81,"A poor time-management sim that belongs on a mobile phone.1./ You drag huge, poorly drawn, profile pics onto buildings.2./ Click (tap) furiously to decrease the amount of time the building activites eat up of the day.3./ Click/tap furiously to collect the money earned in the building, one click for each resource earned.4./ Use money to buy addons to decrease or modify click or time rates eaten from the day.Thats it. One screen, you tap on, millions of times.Absolute junk i wouldn't spend $1 on the appstore, if it was ever accepted, which it won't be, as the subject matter is incredibly adult, even if the art style is safe and lame enough for a childrens game.A huge mis-step from the creators of a brilliant game. Huniepop fans, avoid this junk at any price."
,Not Recommended,426000,22247944,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Grim556,"This is pretty much a paid clicker game. If you've played Cookie Clicker, Clicker Heroes, or the like, this is a slightly more advanced take on that, but instead of taking days or weeks to win, it takes about an hour and a half. There isn't much in the way of replayability here, and it's pretty easy. On my first playthrough I got the second to best trophy available, and on my second, I unlocked every girl in the game. I would be OK recommending this game if it had some more content, like pin ups you could win or something, but as it stands, you can unlock outfits, and the pictures displayed on the loading screens, which is something I guess, but not enough in my opinion. At least, not enough if the main game only lasts 90 minutes."
,Not Recommended,426000,22248267,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sililos,"I loved Honiepop, like REALLY loved it.The art style was great.The gameplay was supprisengly great and even the story it had was great.This....leaves me feeling like i need to take a shower for even owning it.The art style feels wrong for this type of game and doesnt allow for any.....fanservice patches.The gameplay....well..... its cookie clicker for lack of a better term.Cookie clicker however would be passable with a fanservice patch, this art style in fanservice would be disturbing.Sorry, cant find it in me to like this game and i dont belive its worth the price.Go play Cookie Clicker, it has just as much nudeity as this game and more replayability without making you feel like a scummy bottomfeeder feeding models coke."
76561198001656242,Recommended,426000,22281804,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,KlausGaming,It's a pretty basic clicker game with the usual trappings and a pervasive sexual innuendo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDc1LhDSESsIs it a cash grab? Yes. Is that bad - not necessarily if you ususally like clicker games and the slightly erotic theme.
,Not Recommended,426000,22248484,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Galdoblame,"I really wish i could give this game a good review,but I can't. From minor technical issues in general ( im playing on touchscreen and the drag n drop don't work. You can drag but it doesn't drop u_u)  to some really questionable artistic design ( it childish and cartonish.... in a cam show game? ) it simply doesn't have the same appeal as Huniepop.I recommend for anyone who want to try it to do so however, because everyone have different taste.This might be your kind of game , and if it is not ,at least you tried and you can refund afterward."
,Recommended,426000,23719642,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ᴡɪʟʟ,⁧ ⁨
76561198070542592,Recommended,426000,25192893,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Relax,This game got me out of depression 10/10 2pacs
,Recommended,426000,25800436,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,xxrune,love it
76561198328605979,Recommended,426000,25785809,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DramaQueen,is fun ... yeah..
76561198010852015,Not Recommended,426000,22260824,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,gmcgerald,well that was boring.
76561198047594419,Not Recommended,426000,22260705,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mitzuharu,"There was a tag for nudity and I like the art....so i bought it.....but theres no nudity it seems....or even a ""gallery mode"" ....just Adult content and Language making about as bad as a rated R movie.....with no nudity.This is the kind of game you play on your cell phone.....I kinda feel like I was suckered into buying this because I'm a dirty pervert, but hey....you live and learn. lolTotally would buy a game again, because it slightly caught my interest and contained the ""nudity"" tag.(just for the record there's more sexual content in grand Theft Auto V than this)"
76561198038815139,Recommended,426000,22632669,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Michael_Danlin,Game's like a tease for poen. And also you can get a diamond pwnis trophy with wings and ♥♥♥♥♥ next to it. 11/10
,Recommended,426000,23284721,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,I have depression,♥♥♥♥
76561198063214714,Recommended,426000,32970438,Posted: 28 June,all,Xhengu™,I came to give girls STD's.
76561198143564570,Recommended,426000,24381803,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SD Thottis,i like boobs :)
76561198017789521,Recommended,426000,22281097,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Animemesfan1,I really wanted to like this game. I was very excited and was just excited for a new hunipop like creationAll the girls appeared and some new but that was it.I understand the game isn't hunipop and the devs didn't want it to be.As a clicker its good thumbs up for that but after 1 playthrough I have no interest the start a second unlike hunipop which I 100%So a good clicker for a playthrough or 2 but this isnt what the fans wanted or hoped for I recommend but I cant say I enjoy it at all bring on hunipop2
76561198074389823,Recommended,426000,33600102,Posted: 16 July,all,funkerz,its addicteing game
,Not Recommended,426000,22255701,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Syberspace,no. just no.it's a cookie clicker. and a bad one.
,Not Recommended,426000,22256641,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mheegamer,Just normal clicker game
76561198069190746,Recommended,426000,22352698,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Greenstarfanatic,I bought this game thinking I was pretty decent at business sims.Then I realized I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at runnng a business.THEN I realized I'm ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD AT RUNNING A BUSINESS.And then I got the silver trophy and realized I'm pretty eh at running a business10/10 - I really don't know how to run businesses
,Not Recommended,426000,23888841,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,aljesco,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,426000,23771200,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fate,why wouldn't I like this. its a anime style clicking porno simulation management game that lets you manage your dream waifus and be a pimp among pimps in a fantasy world that is called the huniepop world.
,Recommended,426000,32954695,Posted: 28 June,all,Jukola,Best game ever. Have you heard of bestness? Well this is it.
,Recommended,426000,33021622,Posted: 29 June,all,Ross,The only way I could describe this game is as a finger blasting mess.
76561198026703169,Recommended,426000,22244425,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,el tembleque,"10/10 -my left handhablando encerio, 100% reconmendado y ademas no es facil :c conseguir los seguidores y completar los logros es cosa de campeones! comprenlo mis amigos latinosbuy it all my friends in USA and other countrys you will not be disappointed"
,Recommended,426000,22253405,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TFW You Boom,why not
,Not Recommended,426000,22566093,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Reiddonith,NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE THIS IS VERY BAD
76561198006235277,Recommended,426000,23357852,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Fimbulvinter,"HunieCam StudioTL;DR short review: If you are looking for HuniePop II, you are in the wrong place. HunieCam Studio is based around the style of a tap to click mobile game in which you manage a developing camgirl operation. The base mechanics are simplistic and involve large chunks of simply waiting around for the various girls to finish up tasks or earning you money. The ability to manage and multitask is needed to play this game. Characters (and their respective VA's) return from HuniePop, but personalities are reduced to short ""I'm on it"" style soundbites. Enjoyable in a time waster sort of way, but not the breakout smash that HuniePop was.Long Review:Pros:1: Surprisingly deep strategy elements. Every action needs to be balanced against how long it will take, and what the girl charges2: Most of the characters from HuniePop make a return apperance, with their Voice Actors reprising their roles. Once again you get to her Tiffany say ""What's shakin', Bacon.""3: Despite causing such controversy early on, the Chibi art style works well in this format of game.Cons:1: The personalities of the various returning characters are reduced to short 'acknowledged' voice clips, meaning the only real difference between them is the fetishes they cater towards.2: The game has the feel of being built as a mobile game, wtih a PC port thrown in as an afterthought. Graphics and Resolution options are lacking, with 1600 x 900 being the maximum resolution (as of the time of writing this review).3: Replayability is limited to trying to better your score, and unlocking outfits for the girls. For those who don't care about achievments, one playthough will be more than sufficient.Let's get this out of the way right now: HunieCam is NOT HuniePop. It is made by the same people, and features most of the same cast of Pop, but it is its entirely own game, with differing mechanics and play style. Just as Pop was built around the ideas of a dating sim, and match 3 gameplay, HunieCam Studio is a similar take on the Farmville style clicker.Kyu returns, seeminly having been promoted from Love Fairy to Porn Pixie, and she has decided that you need to be the one to run her blossoming empire and build it up from one girl doing amature camming in her freetime to a veritable smut factory pumping out constant 24/7 depravity.Your objective is to gather as many fans as possible within a hard 21 day deadline. You can buy upgrades to employ more girls, multipliers to earn more money, and collect consumables to provide either one time or constant bonuses. Between having the girls do camshows for money, dance at strip-clubs to develop talent, and do booze and cigarette runs, you have to be able to micro manage quite a few factors all at once, meaning that a clear plan is needed in order to avoid going broke or missing the deadlines.Gameplay is fairly simplistic at first. You can tell your girls to do various activities, which then take differing amounts of time to complete. The rewards - fans, money, talent or style points vary depending on how much you have invested in upgrades and the various skill levels of the girls themselves. As the game progresses, you will need to start playing heavy attention to the various fetishes of your fans in order to maximise profits, and to the hourly costs of employing each girl, meaning that soon every decision you make will have to be checked and balanced against the cost/benefits ratio. Having the girl who charges $4 an hour do a camshow for $40 dollars while the girl who charges $64 an hour go grab a pack of smokes will drive you into debt faster than Kyu finding your porn stash.The cast of avaliable girls is drawn from the roster of HuniePop, with a number of new girls being added in to round out the selection. Each girl will cater to a specific set of fetishes, so it is up to you to find a combination of girls that will work well together. Sadly, your options to interact with the girls is rather limited. You can't actually talk to them, and while the Voice Actors for the established characters return, their lines are generally limited to short 'I'm on it' or 'That was Fun' style remarks. Kyu is the exception, as she voices all of the tutorials.Overall, the game is a nice attempt at spicing up the oversaturated Clicker game type, but within half and hour your will have seen just about everything the game has to offer. HunieCam Studio's greatest sin is that it has to follow in HuniePop's footsteps, and while it tried hard, it is unlikely to be the same level of breakout success that its predecessor was.Recommended for when the game is on sale."
76561198112669681,Recommended,426000,23275530,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
76561198261878661,Not Recommended,426000,22264497,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,werewolf_hero,"Sorry but I signed up to interact with girls, not buildings.And I'm certainly not here to give myself a fairy phobia."
,Recommended,426000,24116483,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Toast,"Took me a while to get HIV, but with this game's help I've achieved my goal. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,426000,23576906,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mettalen,"The ""Sexy"" Time Management SpinoffHunieCam is an addicting game in which you run a Cam Girl operation. It has a Diner Dash vibe but with the amazing art styles from HuniePot. Hire girls to earn money to buy ads to gain as many fans as possible, as your score is the number of fans your operation has, and earn♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies as well as wardrobe tokens, which unlock cute outfits and hairstyles for the girls your have hired. Think the game is too easy? The newly inplementedRock Hard Modewill make the game much harder.All in all this is a very addicting game to me as I love unlocking the outfits, and the thought of seeing cool outfits appeases me. And no, I don't play this for the sex appeal, I'm not even into that (#gayboi). Great time killer and would recommend!"
76561198136182460,Recommended,426000,26111187,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,itsricky,pretty good fun to play alone in the dark with headphonesCourtesy Warning: The sexual themes in this game are mostly for fun/humor and don't make for particularly great fapping material.
76561198024717728,Not Recommended,426000,22248907,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MeltedVinyl,"I really wanted to like this game. I loved HuniePop. I knew this game wasn't going to be HuniePop 2 or anything like it, but I still had really high hopes. I knew the art was going to look cheap and cartoon-ish, I knew the gameplay would be dull and repetitive....I just thought it would have a saving feature like maybe the dialogue. Nope. Kyu is the only character that really talks. Replay value? Nope, you can unlock costumes for the girls, but since you really don't see the girls during gameplay it's pretty pointless.I love the dev for giving us HuniePop, but maybe listen to the fans next time.This is in every way a cheap mobile app game."
,Recommended,426000,35159798,Posted: 23 September,all,Steve,veri gud game pls dont tell my mum  oki :)
,Recommended,426000,22243785,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TIME WIZARD,Help girls make some real mother ♥♥♥♥ing money. Do you know what I am saying?
,Recommended,426000,22276798,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Übermensch,0/10 can't beat your workers to improve performance.
,Recommended,426000,22541178,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Illiminator31,"Hunicam Studio ReviewThis is my personal Review of Hunicam Studio (HCS), but i try to be as neutral as possible.I´ve Spend around 8 Hours playing Hunciam now and got all Achivements unlocked, which gives me a good Sense for the Game in my Opinion.GameplayAs many People already Descirbed, the Game is a mixture of a ""Clicker"" and a Management Game. That means that the Gameplay itselfe is quiet Simple but the Managemen Aspect could maybe make it hard for some People and presents a good Challenge in the ""Hard"" Mode.The Gameplay is interesting and there are many Strategies you can try to achive the Diamond Achivement.Is it worth the Money?Many People where first Dissapointed cause they expected a HuniPop Squel and i have to be honest, i´m not one of this People.I really like the Gameplay and Style of the Game, even its a lot more ""Save for Work"" then HuniPop was (uncut and cut) and a bit more Erotic Elements would be nice to have.Its a good Game for a Break or just to relax a bit in my Opinion and i´ve got enought Value out of my Money in my Opinion, with the Option that there are maybe some Updates in the Future.The Game is worth the Money for People who are looking for a Game to Fill a Break with or just to have 1 or 2 Hours fun after a Workday. For Pople who expect a ""Big"" Game like Hunipop, i would say its not worth the money for them."
,Not Recommended,426000,22513355,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Brokett,"How you gon do dis to me Huniepoot.  Beli wuz muh life.... but yous turned her into a cake fartin fat hoe...IF YALL LOOKIN TO PET DA PYTHON DEY GOT NO NUDES!  Sirsly just watch da traila, dats litrally erry lewd image in da game.Dey took all our hunie's dat we loved and turned em into emotionless furry fetish hoes wit no personalities.game is 2 hours if you play it slow... perfectly long enough to ♥♥♥♥ yall out of a refund for dis wack♥♥♥♥♥♥dem ♥♥♥♥♥es broke muh heart and i aint neva gon love again son.RIP Beli Labradoodle."
,Recommended,426000,22281123,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,KarlTheCool,"Very fun. If you played Huniepop for girls accented with games then you'll be dissapointed like all the other negative reviews. On the other hand if you played for a game accented with girls then this delivers. I disagree with the claims it's a ""clicker"". You're constantly allocating girls to actions and deciding whos role needs to be changed and what upgrade is happening next. Basically there's no dead time where you're idling waiting for cash; always something to do. Me and my boyfriend have a blast playing it co-op and boardrooming it up with the fetish pie and fan statistics.If it's missing anything from Huniepop it's that touch controls are broken. Neither touch screen nor surface pen work at all which is pretty dissapointing."
,Recommended,426000,32362887,Posted: 12 June,all,Drunken Master,Got hot girls running camshowsEscort services? hell yeah boy-oT&A making me that greenCareful not to make a mess on the screen
76561198007659786,Not Recommended,426000,26043431,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Killuminati,"It's a clicker game,  literally the lowest common denominator of gaming.  I'd rather watch paint dry."
76561198014034306,Not Recommended,426000,34427733,Posted: 22 August,all,President Poundcake,"Short Summary: One of my favorite games that is unfortunately overwhelmingly bogged down by its uncomfortable themes, misogynistic developer, and slimy fanbase.I wanted to make a review on this game for a while because everyone knows I love it (friends see me play it all the time) yet they question ""why?"" and I don't blame them. The porn industry is mostly a horrrendous, exploitative place for women to work in, so why on earth would I enjoy a game that glorifies it? The short answer is that I'm a sucker for cute, diverse cartoon ladies and it's a guilty pleasure at this point. This review kind of sums up my overall opinion on this game, and why even if I enjoy it personally, I would not recommend it to anyone else. (I should also mention I didn't know about or played Huniepop before this)To start, the gameplay is a very simple, but addicting cookie clicker ""tycoon"" parody with surprisingly complex strategy. Your objective is to gain as many fans as possible for a camgirl business, but to get fans you need girls, and you need money and proper time management for those girls, as well as sponsors and items to help your girls draw a crowd of different types of degenerates for more money. You might have trouble getting a good number of fans your first playthrough, but on every file after, you will find yourself getting the mechanics more and getting more and more fans each time. (and you'll want to play more than once, because you want all the cute outfits) Even after getting the highest achievement in the game, it's fun to come back to it and try to beat your high score. Even if the high score you get is somewhat affected by RNG luck, this is a rare case where it works, because if it was too technical you'd get the high score every time with precision, and that's no fun. On its own it's probably not very impressive gameplay, but you're engrossed by the diverse cast of girls with personalities. They don't actually do much in this simple game, but just by their small lines of dialogues, bios and looks, you can get a picture of them. That's the big draw of the game.To get into the theme of the game, it's an extremely touchy subject. The pornographic industry has been and still continues to be horrible to women, anyone who thinks otherwise is in clear-cut denial so they can continue to have their boners guilt-free. For this reason, I have zero tolerance for anyone or anything that makes a mockery of these situations, because people not taking it seriously enough is what causes all the victim blaming and exploitative attitude and behavior in the pornography field. That being said, the game avoids several of these themes by being centered around camming. There's still managment and sleazy things going down for the girls involved, which I will get into later, but for the most part [solo] camming is a much more comfortable, independent method of pornography, so this game at least manages to have some sense of empowerment going on for the girls.The empowerement is not a solid stance though. For one thing, the game is so vague on its dialogue and themes you don't actually know what's happening with these girls and their manager, aka the person you're playing as. (who is a schrodinger because they may or may not be a man, so you can't argue for them either way) They always agree with what you have them do, but maybe because it's their job and their comfort level regarding what they do is unknown. It's up to interpretation, but because of the porn industry's gross history, I would not object if people are more wary than not of the consent of these girls.Thankfully though, you are just a manager, the boss of the whole establishment is a woman, who outright mocks you in the beginning for being a loser. To me this is a relief, because it strips you of the power you had in Huniepop. (which I found out about later, and found it to be way worse subject-wise than this game) The goal of the game is to get the girls as many fans as possible and is no longer to get with and have sex with as many girls as possible using ♥♥♥♥♥♥ methods like lying, cheating, fraud, objectification, coercing, and getting them drunk. (most of these things are considered♥♥♥♥♥♥just fyi, as most of Huniepop contains uncomfortable ""may or may not be full consent"" situations, which is dubious consent, and still a form of♥♥♥♥♥♥ In comparison, Huniecam is basically more a situation of ""look, don't touch"" which is where the sense of empowerment comes from. Not only that, but its art design is way better than Huniepop's disproportionate weeb style.In any case, I've talked about the game as positively as I could at this point, so let's get to the undeniably bad aspects.First, there's a lot of design and ""jokes"" in this game that are in poor taste, especially in regards to the sensitive subject of the porn industry that I mentioned before. An example is the motel. The motel is a little difficult to critique because it's a horrible theme to put in the game, but you don't need to use it at all. In fact, most people avoid it because of how risky it is. It's a method to use if you are REALLY hard up for cash or happen to have a condom on one of the girls so she can make some extra money, but if you're desperate, you can send her in unprotected and the game almost punishes you for doing this by making her wind up with an awful, sometimes permanent STD. Now, again, some may argue that since you don't even need the motel to beat the game and most people don't use it, it's not really a thing to critique, but honestly, why even put it in the game at all? Did they even think this through? It feels like making light of a subject that is extremely serious in the real world. Like christ, there's even an achievement for getting all the STDs, what the hell?The cocaine item in the game is on a similar point. Again, you could choose to not use it, but unlike the motel, cocaine is actually one of the most useful items in the game, and you'll arguably need it to get a higher score. I haven't found a single person I know that hasn't looked at this game mechanic and said ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is terrible."" It would have taken no effort to just substitute the cocaine in the game with something like a coffee item, but much like the motel, the game designer seems to find the awful idea amusing for some reason.Thirdly, there seems to be some bad racial fetishizing in the game. Asian, black and latina girls have their race categorized as a fetish. It's arguable, because you could say it's just trying to make money from awful, degenerate fans, while not actually agreeing to the move, but again, an easy alternative could have been found to this mechanic, so I find it hard to excuse.Fourth, there is a goddamn ""teen"" fetish in the game. No mincing words here, it's ♥♥♥♥ed. Yes, I'm aware that it means those girls are 18-19, but there's literally one whose age is ""18 (questionable)."" Jesus, it's like the dev wants to hide the fact that he's attracted to teen girls and is doing a poor job of it.Last short point, because I'm running out of characters. Before you decide you want to play this, please note the Huniepot developer, Ryan Koons, is an absolute scumbag and one quick look at his twitter will tell you that fact. He's a known gamergater with awful opinions who uses the term ""sjw"" for people who disagree with him, a common sign of a misogynist and overall ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. He says he has women on his development team but it's just the voice actresses he paid for. There's a creepy and cringey video of him hitting on clearly uncomfortable girls as ""field research,"" so if this man is actually out there doing what you do in Huniepop, it's cause for alarm. Unsurprisingly his fanbase is as equally scummy. Going into the community pages for this game is like diving into a piranha tank.In short, be aware on whether you really want to give money to this developer and whether you really want to get into this game and its community!"
,Recommended,426000,22261268,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Xeno,Get some of these DOPE♥♥♥♥♥dick trophies
,Not Recommended,426000,28318626,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[8thVA] ze,im such a ♥♥♥♥ing loser why did i buy this
,Recommended,426000,22250820,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kinoko,"I played this game for 11.5 hours straight within the first 24 hours of it being out. I have most of the achievements and a raging erection, needless to say this is a very addicting stat management sim/clicker game.I have a problem."
,Recommended,426000,22289533,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SatiricalZero,"-In debt-Neet to make quick cash-Send all my girls to the hotel-Audurey contracts AIDS on her first go around-Entire workforce becomes a walking health epidemic when they all contract STDs one after another-currently waiting on the World Health Orginization and Red Cross to send aidGGWP. I don't mind the art and the game is a tad bit repetitive, but fun in short bursts. I'll give it a 7/10, needs a bit more polishing wish there were a better way to interact with the women and maybe a bit more dialogue."
,Recommended,426000,22251469,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,♥ Bec the Bitch ♥,kaybee simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,426000,22246079,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,JKDarkseid,no
,Recommended,426000,22250630,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Beast,"Well being an average 16 year old teenager with the burst of raging hormones I have decided to buy this game just to fulfill my lonely desires and naughty fantasy but it turns out that this game teaches you how to groom your girls and make them work for you.Thx pimp simulator 2K15, finally I know what I want to be when I grow up"
,Recommended,426000,25628754,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ZelosZalis,"Ok right off the bat. This game is not as good as Huniepop. there thats done.The game operates like a clicker game (cookieclicker, adcap, etc) with a small amount of strategy at first to learn the rules of how the game operates, infact the first runs learning how to get better is what will be the most fun. In the end theres not alot of thought involved in this game.Does this make it bad? not really. However its alot different than Huniepop. You'll also finish quite fast, even completionists wont find much to keep them around long. This is not a bad game but definitely wait for a sale on it. if anything just because of its length and lack of modes to keep you playing, even though theres rock hard mode theres still not alot to go on."
,Not Recommended,426000,26222117,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Tahj,Very unstable. I keep losing progress to crashes.
,Recommended,426000,22948618,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Haesus #RealPolitik,( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
,Recommended,426000,24412328,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TerrorLT,Parents successfully disappointed.10/10Would get disowned again.
76561198074564636,Recommended,426000,32528141,Posted: 17 June,all,Moonman,Anime Tiddie/10
76561198017617110,Not Recommended,426000,22281991,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Zirkumflex,Nothing to fap to -11/10
,Not Recommended,426000,31547858,Posted: 4 May,all,Bork Bork,"So, I only bought this game because I watched a couple of different Youtubers play it on their channel. When I was watching their videos, I thought to myself, ""Huh... That looks interesting and simple"". So, I bought it at a fairly cheap price and began playing it. First of all, it can be addictive. Second of all, it is also very repetitive. It is also very fast paced, (in a way), and you could fail in only 15 minutes of playing the actual game, (if you keep going into debt like I was in the game). There are different girls that you can choose from and you can tell them what certain ""task"" you want them to do. The goal is to get as much money and fans as possible before midnight everynight. It is fun to play if you are bored and have nothing else better to do. I would recommend it, but also, I would tell you to spend your money on something a little bit better."
,Recommended,426000,22286354,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"i have play the game 2 times in a row,the game is too short thou. my first attemp get silver♥♥♥♥♥♥ and my play time for a run is about 1hour and 30 minutes. No Fap though, the art style i mean the girl iris is weird heart shape and the art style is too cartoonish. i hope huniepot studio  make anime game again with nudity, i know this is a micromanagement sim,with no real objective. the only goal here is to attract as many fap fan buddies as possible. money isn't very important in this game.the end game is about how many fans are you gonna get and if you reach 5 k you get bronze♥♥♥♥♥♥and token for the girls hairstyle and clothing. as far as i play the 2nd playthru. i get boring pretty fast and i do not plan to play the 3rd  time. overall there is not much things resemble the first game. am i recommend this game, i think mixed sice this is a sim management game  that ask you to beat your previous score."
76561198175918577,Not Recommended,426000,23943864,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,🕇⛧Hidan⛧🕇,this game sucks i got my refund thou i would play it if it was free
76561198025301366,Not Recommended,426000,33258785,Posted: 4 July,all,[MILFS] Lois Griffin,it suk i did not make a sneeze in my pants
76561198116033044,Not Recommended,426000,28808808,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LZ | Et18003,NO♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,426000,29753046,Posted: 6 February,all,MiodUGH,Lowkey addicted
,Recommended,426000,22268185,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Elodie Bergman,Good game
,Recommended,426000,22264212,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,aikomaru,its ok
,Not Recommended,426000,34855960,Posted: 10 September,all,@ Gu1d3 T0 Ru1n Y0ur Pr0f1le,HEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYY ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL DIS GAEM DOESN'T MKE ME LITTLE BOI PP HARD ME PP IS LIKE THE BULLFROOOG MOD IN MIENKRAFT HOW DO I GET HRD OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF DIS GAEM NOT EVEN BOOOOOOBIEESSS IN THIS GAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.BUYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198025705482,Not Recommended,426000,24785978,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,aranjello,"This game was the worst i hated it, if youd like to see why i made a video.https://youtu.be/l7Xchle5Pww"
76561197978196332,Not Recommended,426000,24713112,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,+Melfice+,huniepop are so much more fun and better then this. this game is just nothing in compare too it.im very disapointed
76561198061480412,Recommended,426000,23466672,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Exhaliver,"First playthrough, Sucked balls. Second one, made up for first one. Third one got my grove ON.But all in all its a pretty addictive game.Even seen if I could reaction 100k Fans with just the starter Tiffany. I almost doubled it 197,973.The Video Is pretty long but I added shortcuts so it will be a breeze. No time wasted.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGlmnJDNr60"
76561197994395238,Recommended,426000,22415116,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Noobc0re,"First off, you need to understand what this game is. It's a short clicker management game. One game lasts for a couple of hours. No fap-material!If you want results, those are two busy hours, you have to make good, and fast, decisions and juggle the girls, the clicking, the ads and your upgrades well in order to get the diamond trophy.So if you like intense management and bite-sized games; give Huniecam a try!"
,Recommended,426000,23766391,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Salvadoran Sasquatch,Why do I keep buying these games? I have friends from school on Steam that can see what I'm playing.
76561198045308238,Recommended,426000,23372924,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Joshipooo,"Now I quite like the game, but since I suck at these types of games I ended up screwing up within an hour of playtime.Fun if you like games like this but be warned...you will be doing more clicking than fapping O_O"""
76561198318481645,Recommended,426000,29154425,Posted: 9 January,all,Emilwy,"YES YES YES YES THIS GAME ROCKS. My first steam game next to Undertale and I've still played more of it than any other of my games (besides one). Yes, I am a straight girl but that causes no dismay and I've unlocked all the outfits and pictures, just dying for those last two acheivements! Such a fun casual game great for all ages!"
,Recommended,426000,23175705,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ian lol,best anime sexual game i rate 9/11
,Recommended,426000,22302415,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,fVroot.Loop,Thick♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,426000,28934996,Posted: 2 January,all,Pastyness,"This game really surprised me. It started out as a gag but, what a gem it turned out to be.First off throw HuniePop out of your mind, the girls from that game are just cameos. This is a tycoon arcade clicker not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dating sim. Also don't go looking for fap material, unless you're in to ♥♥♥♥ing chibis, you sick ♥♥♥♥♥.The gameplay is casual but, transitions smoothly to a challenge if you want it. Be warned there's quite a bit of RNG that determines your final score. My best runs are the ones I adapted the best to, it's a slippery bussiness afterall.It's super vulgur, funny and sarcastic. The girls break the 4th wall quite often. After your 4th playthrough or so tho, you'll find the voice script a little lacking. The game is meant to be replayed but, not reheard.Rockhard mode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, it'll test you're survivability but, it's very tacked on and doesn't gel with the game very well. Instead of just tweaking a few values they should've added an expansion that added or changed the girls, buildings, ect. to make you think of new strategies to make bank.Make a sequel, make it big, I will play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.9 out of 10 vibrators"
,Recommended,426000,22442984,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,EPIX,"A pretty good game, not much else to say about it."
76561197968550025,Recommended,426000,24125604,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Luxius,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and addictive :PYes, I'm a pervert, but that has nothing to do with it!"
76561198145337151,Recommended,426000,25892855,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Bigtime_1982,Had some funny moment but not as good as the first game Huniepop.
,Recommended,426000,33031368,Posted: 30 June,all,Frogburt,lemme see the whole tiddy
,Recommended,426000,26095461,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,whi73d3vi1,"Very perverted, very exploitative, TONS of fun. The girls are adorable but the real fun of the game is not collecting sleazy pictures but optimizing your income. Lots of replay value, as there are quite a few strategic decisions you can make along the way. Highly recommend this for good, naughty casual gaming fun."
,Recommended,426000,26050162,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,3 consecutive english letters,It fufilled my fantasy of going♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shopping right after a relaxing prostitution session
,Not Recommended,426000,28928488,Posted: 1 January,all,Dmanfur,It doesn't have male cam people :c
,Not Recommended,426000,22240561,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rigby,i'm still gay
,Recommended,426000,22241659,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Playboi Buddles Nyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,Memes AND Nudity???? 10/10 Mmmmmmmmmmmm
76561198028383726,Recommended,426000,25917308,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dolphin,Fun: But no Porn.So 7/10
,Not Recommended,426000,22243019,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,George,"The art style is neat, the game has decent enough design, and there's SOME decent lines of dialogue, but it's too boring and just feels like a chore."
,Not Recommended,426000,33361991,Posted: 7 July,all,RBDUC,This Game gave me and all of my girls aids within the first hour
76561198040379908,Not Recommended,426000,26470361,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,battledragon1959,This game starts out fun... But.. in a short time you learn that you are getting no wear and that it becomes more of a loosing click fest...
,Not Recommended,426000,24847222,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,naschelleresc,not for me
,Not Recommended,426000,23554857,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,hasa,"i have been buy this game n will to play but game not responding when i click play, pls resolve this"
,Not Recommended,426000,22787996,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,POCKYADDICT,nothing like the first game its total crap would not recommend the art is crap and the game play is just alot of dragging icons of girls no cut scene no dialogue choices  the girls maybe say five lines or words each no half nude pic all that = no fun the leveling is ok i guess oh more good things you can save and load your game yep thats about it oh  oh  and you can start a new game. i no most of you will see my comments and my words will be frowned upon becuz i compared this game to the first but i was led to believe that games development was to improve as they release title's not create somthing that looks and probably was hastily put together would ask for a refund but i imagine the dev has already shot it up well i'm sorry that i wrote so much thats all i had to say and good day to you all
76561198090527168,Not Recommended,426000,33325123,Posted: 6 July,all,Tortue Geniale,no enuf anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,426000,29811842,Posted: 9 February,all,GaySean Molzhon Deserved It >ok,♥♥♥♥♥♥Latinas
,Not Recommended,426000,22247007,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Fano ★ Tastic,I'm positive.HIV positive.
76561198166203966,Recommended,426000,22241733,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,OSKAR,This game made me♥♥♥♥♥2000000000000000 times in 5 mins porn hub ads xd
,Not Recommended,426000,23227913,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,lilness7224,"I installed this game today, when I went to play it a bright pink screen appears and nothing else. what do i do to fix it?"
76561198294077493,Not Recommended,426000,34113453,Posted: 8 August,all,collbuckley10,to be fair i only played cus a youtubber did i dont think the game was that fun its more of a clicker  but you drag the things and wait repeat
,Recommended,426000,23577376,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Willie,yes
,Recommended,426000,22244127,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DrPooChew,2 Words Hentai
,Recommended,426000,22348313,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Puggo,no nudes0/10
76561198018367507,Recommended,426000,22271522,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Zoulsgaming,"Its decent. nice little game to play when you are bored. But i am not someone who is particularly a ""fan"" of the franchise so my opinion on the changed artstyle and stuff is pretty much none existant."
76561198275684156,Recommended,426000,32691291,Posted: 23 June,all,juicy.dangler,If only IRL women were as enthusiastically obedient as these lovely Huniecam ladies.
,Not Recommended,426000,33806385,Posted: 26 July,all,Ether,"Not revealing enough, refunded."
,Recommended,426000,32684027,Posted: 23 June,all,✪BandZ,Whats the meaning of life?Collecting D i c k Trophies
,Recommended,426000,22264613,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,BIG MEGA MONSTER GATOR ❤,Gave me a new fetish: Cake Farts. 10/10 would recommend for anyone looking to expand their fetishes !! :)
76561198011539099,Recommended,426000,22240835,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,I GOT TO RUN A PLACE FULL OF HOT LADIES! BEING FRIENDLY AND NICE WITH THEM! A SEXY BICTCHY-CUTE BOSS!... And was fired in 12 days because i suck at economy ( On0)
,Recommended,426000,23789152,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Badmanbacon,"♥♥♥♥♥, you wanna make some mother♥♥♥♥ing money? ♥♥♥♥♥, you can be making some mother♥♥♥♥ing money!"
,Recommended,426000,23785610,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gab,"VVh0re Manager 2016.Play once, play no more."
76561197979875574,Recommended,426000,22245566,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE ME
,Not Recommended,426000,30329569,Posted: 4 March,all,jvck.r,My♥♥♥♥♥♥is still flacid
,Recommended,426000,23197627,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MN,"After being addicted to HuniePop for a long while, I was super excited for this game to come out.Seriously surpassed my expectations, I love clicking my mouse over and over again and being the queen ♥♥♥♥♥++soothing OST++qt art style++rapid clicks"
76561198066686333,Recommended,426000,22375830,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,I Want To DIe,My wireless mouse ran out of battery as my dad walked in while I was playing this masterpiece...It's okay...I didn't need that inheritence anyway...Or his respect...:(10/10 worth it
,Recommended,426000,24123550,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crystal,Fapping Simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,426000,23840415,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DanielfromSL,horrible game
,Not Recommended,426000,32737904,Posted: 24 June,all,Dozenbeer,"Extremley boring and very shallow. Not to mention that the game constantly flat out calls you a looser. Yeah....that is going to make me like this game......Pros:+ honestly, I had to think about that way too long, there are none reallyCons:- the gameplay is really shallow and doesnt open up to any strategy, its mindless- drag and drop and hold the mouse button a lot to do stuff, it plays like a mobile port- why a developer would insult his customers in the game.....I dont know, I certainly didnt like that- the game is way overpriced- you would think there was some sexy content here, but its very tame...I dont know why, is this game for kids? Why the constant cussing then?- its just boring, the game is designed to be played for a long time, meaning your earnings are barely higher than your costs- the upgrades do not feel satisfyingBland and boring game, just a waste of time. Wouldnt recommend at all, not even in a sale."
,Recommended,426000,23606945,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Majokko Mv-chan,i took the strategy part way too seriously.....
,Recommended,426000,22348829,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nick Crompton,My friends told me not to get it ha ♥♥♥♥ them
,Recommended,426000,22242163,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Pimp simulator.You can make 'em do cam shows, take photos, make 'em bang old farts in sleezy motels, make them run errands, tell them what to shove up their rumps, make them pee on each other, make them dress as nekos. You can do anything really. Except pimp slap."
,Not Recommended,426000,30333403,Posted: 5 March,all,Kawaii Hitler,It's short(like asian♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and a little boring.The achievments were not much of a challenge to getThere was no nudity like what the game's tag saidThis was more of a facebook game than a huniepop game just filled with porn that's allWish it went back to the dating sim genre
76561198332732109,Not Recommended,426000,28450882,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,NinjaBinkdino,"i tried clicking new game, but it didnt work. I also tried to restart my computer. But that also didnt work. Help."
76561198070985798,Recommended,426000,22368220,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Nevin,Great game!
,Not Recommended,426000,28446616,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,D3monPixel,"Uninstalled and demanded my money back after the disappointment that this game is.I played the previous game ""HuniePop"" and when the sequel was announced I expected something similar and was hyped to be able to date more girls and also my old favorites (except my cute catgirl). But instead it is just a mindless clicker game about forcing the girls to do cam shows that not only plays out slow (and shows nothing of those shows) but also has features to slow you down more like giving the girls an STD which you have to get rid of and end up paying more to her than getting out of her."
76561198042252600,Recommended,426000,25954248,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CaptainRedwood,This is an addictive bloodsucker of my time
,Not Recommended,426000,25871324,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Katyusha,"I think this game is one of the worst games that I've ever experienced. This game might catch some attentions but it's just plain and boring. The game length is also relatively short.I rate this 9/11, because I will never forget."
76561198043202972,Recommended,426000,22239314,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SomeSikGuy,This game is savage-I played the game for under 10 minutes and i was already been called a sick freak
76561198035532321,Not Recommended,426000,29503742,Posted: 26 January,all,Mortec,Horrible! Absolute garbage.
76561198073957222,Recommended,426000,23387164,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Chump Champ,All the thumbs down reviews are the people who are butthurt for not getting to see any boobies
,Not Recommended,426000,32995322,Posted: 29 June,all,Mofuji,"If I wanted to grind in a game, I'd just play a JRPG. if I wanted to play a proper clicker game, I wouldn't. If I wanted exceedingly ugly art, I'd go to any ""adult"" patreon and see what licensed characters they've stolen to make money from.The only good thing that came from this was the refund."
,Recommended,426000,22239794,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,KawaiiCub,"Don't worry Nikki, we can be together again. Just this time I'm whoring your♥♥♥♥♥out."
76561198014786142,Recommended,426000,22239689,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,LegleSs,Well... This'll be hard... But i can handle it...
,Recommended,426000,22239328,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Klash,"Love this game, you should buy it."
,Recommended,426000,22239413,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ZeroChaos,"It's been only 5 minutes in the game and started to already fap to one of my cam girls making me waste time and losing payroll making Kyu get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*UPDATE*After playing over 10 hours, I've never been more interested in cam girls and sites until playing this game.69 Lillians out of 10"
76561198155782794,Recommended,426000,22239498,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Trainfan2015,this is great really good game
,Recommended,426000,22239900,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Rossykinz,♥♥♥♥♥trophies are the best trophies.11/10 for♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies
76561198326966023,Not Recommended,426000,28301118,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Demonic_Descension,one ♥♥♥♥ed up game... i think if you are a loney person this is a game for u......the only reason i got this is because my dumb brother told me to get it and if i diddnt get it he would tell me every single day to get it
,Not Recommended,426000,22833121,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,umissthisdick,this game is for a fuxking mofo weaboos retard get a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥life
76561198222810188,Not Recommended,426000,22965591,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,KazamaMana,i only bought this game bc i hate myself.
76561198303363787,Not Recommended,426000,31655799,Posted: 9 May,all,Moonlight1016,bad
,Recommended,426000,22239010,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,stev,here we go again...
,Recommended,426000,22238954,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kokoro,"This was a gift from a friend.I NOT LYINGAlso, ""Contract up to six horrific STDs including chlamydia, syphilis and gonorrhea!"" is a feature in the game, so go ask a friend to gift this game to you."
76561198125942077,Recommended,426000,30519286,Posted: 14 March,all,BlackBlaze,"An amusing game, a good simple managment sim.8/10Worth $7 if you find these games as amusing as I do."
76561197988423812,Not Recommended,426000,22246004,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,netmanx,"I can't suggest anyone buying this, if you like clicker games im sure there's a better one out there that's free. While in the FAQ is says there's no actual nudity, one of the tags is nudity. I would imagine that is there because of some loading screens of girls in their underwear. If you have the nudity tag people WILL buy it expecting some regardless of any disclaimer written because not everyone is going to read the FAQ. If you want people to be aware that this doesn't have any then put that disclaimer in the video. So if you're buying this expecting something nice to look at like hunniepop you'll be sorely dissappointed."
,Not Recommended,426000,22246455,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,lafouboy,"Boring. Repetitive. Extremely short. There is almost no character or humor compared to HuniePop. It's literally ""Clicking Simulator"".Even for the small price tag, it's not worth it. Do NOT recommend."
76561198152469584,Recommended,426000,22246467,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Td644,"Okay first off lets get this out of the way, This is a clicker game wraped in a management sim reskined with a Huniepop like paint job done by a 5 year old... Okay lets move on it's very fast paced almost too fast with very little room for error... Well they have almost everyone back from Huniepop... As hollow shells of what they once were (Kyu's fine everyone else though......) The new characters are... Well I don't know them outside of a character description and maybe four lines of dialogue... The music is... Well eh? the STD's will kill you and no boobs... So you maybe wondering why I recommend this game? Well I've had fun with it the deadline give you an end and you have to be the best you can be in that time. Snap decisions will make or break you, Your best girl could be taken out of the game by an STD you could bankrupt yourself ect.ect. It's that fast you have think carefully, plan your next moves out, hope RNG gives you good items/girl so you can bring out a heavy hitter without losing to much money or booze/smoke's  and prey you don't break your mouse or get a cramp. the replay value  which is boring same stuff really is to unlock hairstyles and outfits but mostly it's to try to beat your high score. So if you can get past the first part of this then go for it."
,Recommended,426000,22246554,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DJRainbowCum,"For the love of God, please don't judge me!"
,Recommended,426000,22246573,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Katuhstrofik,FINALLY.A game based on my life.10/10 would live it again.
,Recommended,426000,22246628,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Aion,"It's nothing spectacular. A little to easy to get the platinum trophy. I don't really get the nudity tab since there's only sugestive theme and some softcore.Not sure if it has enough replayability to get all the costumes and hairdos.Considering the prize and content, I can't really complain. It could have been worse."
76561198054256031,Recommended,426000,22246760,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,PartTimeNinja,Its an alright clicker. Wait a few months for a really good sale and make $$$ off the always popular anime style trading cards.
,Recommended,426000,22267592,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Chaedog,"So its just a silly Clicker game with some time management elements and anime girls in skimpy outfits.  What makes this game shine is its a simple concept that's executed well.  Its not going to win any GOTY awards or change the way you look at Clicker games.  What you'll get for around 6 bucks (well I was able to sell the trading cards for $1.60 puts the game under $5 for me) is a few hours of laughs and some pretty easy achievements to go after.  I've put 6 hours into this and can see myself playing another hour or two as I go for the last few tasks to complete.People excpeting Nudity? Will be dissapointedPeople expecting a sequel to HuniePop? Will be dissapointedPeople wanting a humorous take on the Time Management/Clicker Genre will be happy.Its simple, its cheap, its good for a few laughs."
,Recommended,426000,22252401,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Acepg,♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies and cam girls what more could I want?
76561198059334763,Recommended,426000,22252469,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Asmo,"All the things that the negative reviews complain about are things that the devs said point-blank they were gonna do.Yes the game is short, yes it's shallow, no it's not as good as HuniePop was. And they told us that 2 months ago. And it's precisely because of this honesty that I decided to support these guys and pay for this game, even though after 3 hours of playing I've seen all I needed to see and will never pick it up again.Don't think of it as buying the game, think of it as donating €6 to support the team, and getting this as a stupid freebie in return. It's a better deal than most Kickstarter campaigns."
,Recommended,426000,22253031,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kazahana,"Part business sim, part clicker, all lewd."
,Not Recommended,426000,22253219,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kido Swagomi,"Humorous though it may be, HunieCam Studio a very boring and unimaginative clicker game that doesn't live up to the previous title from the dev. After Huniepop's great humor and surprisingly good puzzle gameplay, its disappointing that the studio's next release would be so drab."
,Recommended,426000,22266192,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,OtakuBrony,"If you're into point & click games like Cookie Cutter and Sakura Clicker, I suggest giving it a shot, otherwise, you'll just end up hating it. The dev warned people ahead of time it is NOT like his previous game and will understand if people request a refund and dislike it. Me, on the other hand, I knew what I was getting into, so I was not fully disapointed. The only thing I wish you could do is unlock art in the game lke you cold in HuniePop, not just new looks for the girls (correct me if I'm wrong because you may can do it)It dosen't have much content or nudity, and the art is a LOT different than people expected it to be, but it's actually perfect for the game. The objective is how far, and how much you can do within 21 days, so it's not endless like I thought it would be. If you screw up and stay in debt for too long before the allowted time, the game will stop then and there and you will have to start all over, so the choices you make affects the gameplay, which is a challenge and will kill a good amount of time."
76561198053178271,Recommended,426000,22266212,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hellknight,like yeaa whaaaatever/10
,Not Recommended,426000,22272580,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Shelanoir,Very shallow cookie clicker clone.
76561198030825449,Recommended,426000,22271823,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,人可以被毁灭但绝不能被打败,"★★★☆☆Here is my simple conclusion that all aspects of HunieCam Studio, which mostly like a MOBILE GAME, especially playability are not better than previous game ""Huniepop"".IF u like simulation games very much, it is not bad to play a while.P.S.  im not satisfied :("
76561198165626936,Recommended,426000,22272829,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jah,"I played Huniepop and I must admit, this game wasn't exactly what I was expecting. Its good and fun, it actually involves some strategy and the achievements aren't that easy to achieve, but the time you take to unlock all the ""dirty"" pictures is a lot and they aren't worth it (yes, they are censored). If they released an uncensored version of this game that'd be amazing, since thats what most of us want. Actually please DO make an uncensored version. Pls.:)"
76561198062102982,Not Recommended,426000,22273399,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Just got a knife for $0.03,"boring,reptative and goes nowhere"
,Not Recommended,426000,22274118,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JustSmile,nothing like the original i can play games like this on face book for free the way they made this look befor hand was alot better then it actualy is should have stayed with somthing like the original format
,Recommended,426000,22274324,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Curry Mecha,"If you enjoyed the writing from their previous game, then you will enjoy this one. The game play overall is pretty solid and enjoyable although it was shorter for me their HuniePop (but it seems that there are unlockables and is fairly replayable). It is a pretty neat game."
,Recommended,426000,22258715,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Yayifications,"HunieCam Studio is the Dark Souls of clicker games.11/10 IGNOkay realtalk: This is a clicker game and honestly the most well-designed one you can find on steam. That having been said, it's still a clicker game. Unlike most, there is a challenge by way of budget and deadline. Figuring the game's mechanics out and how to best make use of them is a fun puzzle. However, once you have, the game quickly loses replay value as there is a pretty solid formula to high-scoring.The toon art is high-quality, if the style is a bit jarring. The UI is sleek and easy to interact with though is too reminiscent of facebook or mobile games for some to be comfortable seeing it in a paid PC product. The voice acting is, as in Hunie Pop, top-tier.If you're a fan of HuniePop's setting or characters, you won't find much elaboration on them here. The character's personalities have been condensed to a single sentence blurb description and a few simple voice quips. HuniePop's brilliant humor is present all-throughout what little there is, though. The new characters seem like a lot of fun and I hope to see them again in future Huniepot games, hopefully fleshed out a bit more.On the whole, my reception to this game is very mixed. I wish I I could give a neutral or ""maybe"" rating. If you come in expecting too much, you'll definitely be disappointed, but I had a fairly good couple hours with it. But as I saidm once you master the game the replay value drops off. I may still play this again if I have nothing better to do for an hour or two. (It really does feel like it belongs on mobile, in that regard.)tl;dr A fairly deep clicker game that presents a fun puzzle to solve once, but only once. Would not pay full price for but would get on sale in a heartbeat."
76561198172105854,Recommended,426000,22260500,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Acidic Cunt Face,"Basics: Time management game with cute graphics and a filthy underworld twist.Negatives: The sounds are quite irritating, and the game is quite short.BUT... I CAN'T STOP PLAYING!I am addicted. My partner let me try it... I played for 2 hours on his laptop before deciding to re-install steam on my laptop specifically to play this game, then stayed up 'til midnight playing."
,Recommended,426000,22260818,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Musicequalslife0,I believe it is a pretty good sequal to the first game. Wondering if they will add more to it. Awesome game though.
76561198128731537,Recommended,426000,22260901,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Moth,"It's cute, but if you compare it to the old huniepop you'll likely be very disappointed. It's almost like an app for your phone you could get for free... but this one you have to pay a bit of cash for. More than I think it's worth as this game is kind of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play. I liked it, and I played it through once, but I don't know that I'll play again too many times except maybe to try and get the rest of the achievements. Kind of boring... not as artsy and rewarding (if you know what I mean...) as huniepop was..."
76561198124986255,Recommended,426000,22260924,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,kylegjones13,"I loved Huniepop, and I love this game as well, although mostly for different reasons, and I don't think it deserves some of the criticism it's been getting since its launch.Although there is a clicking element in the game, there's not often much waiting, and the game gets more and more fast-paced as you go on, which is quite different from an average clicker or management sim, which is part of the reason I enjoy it so much.The time elapses constantly as you play, only pausing when you go into a menu, giving the game a bit of a frantic feel, which is nice.What I think ties this game to Huniepop, besides the characters, is the wit. It's not much, but the voice acting has plenty of snark and nuance.The only complaint I have about the game is the short format. It's not cumulative in nature (besides the extra outfits and hairstyles you can get with the points you earn at the end of each game. That said, it's given me plenty of reason to go in again and try to get as many points as possible."
76561198062432371,Not Recommended,426000,22258865,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,I Call Chisel,"Ok so Hunipop was fun quirky and yes adult as hell but it had something to it, this ""game"" is just a mess and that upsets me to say as i was genuinly looking forwrd to what the team could do.Simply put this is a boring clicker game where the idea is to just put profile pics onto ashop/studio/something and then just click away untill the results come in.The humour is forced and simply not funny it feels rushed and also like 50% of an idea for a game that was put together and released.Just for a reference to how poor this game is, this is my only review on Steam as i felt this needed to be said and this is the only game i have brought th at i have ever requested a refund for.Dont buy it its just not worth it, not for a game, not for porn, not for a simulation and not for fun"
76561198113319878,Recommended,426000,22259276,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,timid4949,This is basically what huniepop is to bejewled type games- a VERY good and fun piece of the genre with funny (if rather raunchy) jokes all around. I defeinitely am glad I boguht this game XD
,Recommended,426000,22256929,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Incognitus,This is the closets I get to female interaction.11/10
76561198007090222,Not Recommended,426000,22259451,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Palerider,"While I am not a fan of the artstyle it's not my biggest complaint for this game.The game is just boring, once you've played for 15 minutes, you have seen all that this game has to offer."
76561198037954416,Recommended,426000,22254124,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Odysseus,"This game is good for around 2-3 hours of entertainment. I'd say the asking price is generally worth the product. After completion, there isn't too much reason to keep playing this other than beating your high score. Although this game is a little like a mobile game if there was no payment wall. It turns out that these games are actually really fun without that wall. The art does suit the game. If you're looking for the picture rewards you need to unlock all of that girl's dresses to get it. I think it'd be nice if they were unlocked from having to use the girls in the game as an incentive to play other cam girls in later runs."
,Recommended,426000,22263577,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,NewSerena,"My gf and I are addicted.She said it needs more hardcore nudity, I agreed. Hi add hardcore nudity patch pls.That said, it's fun and simple. I'm feelin the voice acting, fam. Arts great too and I only need a mouse so its a great chillaxing game. I have this strong need for more features though. But yeah good game!"
76561198012931421,Recommended,426000,22263579,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Young Vegeta,"I personally enjoyed this game a great deal. But I don't think this game is for everyone. It's game riddled with simple sexual humor often through puns and wordplay, which for some (like myself) is quite humorous, while for others is annoying. I feel the same can be said of the gameplay and rewards.The gameplay is reminicent of resource managing app games but with out as long annoying wait time and no pay to win elements, instead it gives you a certain amount of time to correctly use your resources in order to get the highest possible fanbase for your cam girls. The rewards for doing so are 5 tiers of♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies ranging from bronze to diamond, each trophie giving you more outfit coins to unlock outfits for the girls so that you may 100% the game. Personally I like playing and replaying with different strategies to get the next tier of trophy and unlock all the outfits just as a nice side thing. But I can easily see how this can wear on some.I recommend this game in general but it's clearly a game not everyone would enjoy."
76561197971616167,Recommended,426000,22263778,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MMZ Drow,not as good as HuniePOP .... but worth the sale price
76561198027772283,Recommended,426000,22263699,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,vgamerlgj,"It's abit tricky to those not familiar with say management and tycoon style of game play. However, the hilarious dialog from Kyu is still intact and lots of lovely ladies to direct on what to do to earn money and fans. Decent amount of replay value as you unlock various hairstyles and outfits for the girls. True the art style is different from Huniepop but any fan of the Huniepop will enjoy this game, new to the play style or not.Worth the price? Absolutely.Is it fun? Yes.Challenging? For beginners, yes."
76561198153033783,Recommended,426000,22263881,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SanaBun,"Wish there was more to the game, like other trophies besides ones just for fans (like for money, or other criteria). I hope there are other expansions like the gym or fast food places to vary the weight of the characters to suite the fans. Maybe even additions like a plastic surgeon and a tattoo parlor. idk the game feels too small for me, and plays like an app game"
,Recommended,426000,22255038,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,WyzAntz,"So what can we say about the sucessor to Huniepop? Well the game has the same tongue and cheek humor that the first game did, but not as much as the original. While the game offers a challenge with managing your resources and does throw things at you that can mess you up I think they could have done more as far as rewarding the player with things as they did in the first game.Overal still a well done game and one that will challenge you if you can get passed the job that the game has you do with the girls in question. For more Gameplay details and what the game looks like while played check out this first impression review of the game.https://youtu.be/r2mP1_t30Zc"
76561198237811270,Recommended,426000,22255156,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jaszy,"And that kids, is how i met your mother!"
76561198102802911,Recommended,426000,22255207,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,gladiator,i like this game a lot from the artstyle to the management to the simple story.  Its like a adult themed version of game dev tycoon and its just great but i feel that it could have more fetishs and maybe just a little bit more stuff in general  as for the price and game it self i  say its worth it but if your not sure wait till its on a big sale or something ether way worth a buy unless it was ten bucks or more
,Recommended,426000,22261958,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,𝖔𝖑𝖉 𝖌𝖗𝔢𝔤,Why can't these cam♥♥♥♥♥s buy their own cigarettes and booze.
,Recommended,426000,22261999,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,HIdeo Kojima Jr.,IT KEEPS MAKING FUN OF ME! I'm not THAT perverted!
76561198052841634,Recommended,426000,23673028,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,TerranTechnocrat,Enjoyable and funny.
,Recommended,426000,23950921,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Moist_Napkins,Best Game I've played about cam girls which is about none but none the less a quality time waster.
,Recommended,426000,22259400,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,FaceFuck,"My hand is sore after playing....EW what are you thinking? It literally hurts so much because I keep having to click and I'm using a damn trackpad!P.S Tiffany caught AIDS at the Sleazy Hotel, now she can't do anything and it is incurable... Although Sleazy Hotel seems like a good idea it is not..."
,Recommended,426000,23926601,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jedsTNT,"This is like a Fantasy RPG, but instead of dungeon crawling your heroines do lap dances. Why would I want a Warrior, a Mage and a Thief when I can have a Cam Girl, a Model and a Errand Girl?"
,Recommended,426000,23944998,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ǝıuuǝz,10/10 would give my cam-♥♥♥♥♥s more coke and force them into shady hotels with sleazy men again in order to get my Diamond D-train trophy.
76561198236371136,Recommended,426000,23903799,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,skye,"This game is hecka good, and addicting ! I'd really reccomend it during summer/winter sale.This game is very good, but after a few plays you're just really only trying to get achievements, wardrobe tokens or to get the diamond trophy.But after you get all of the rewards, theres really no point in coming back to this game. I really wish that they could have made it so that you can switch accessories between girls instead of just trashing them, and going back to the adult shop.Plus, 99% of the negative reviews are mad because they didn't see boobs. Boo hoo."
,Not Recommended,426000,22352110,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Robbaflob,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.. But unfortunately I don't.You have 21 days (about 2 hours of gameplay I think) to reach an ultimate goal of 100k fans with your cam girl business. To do this, you must hire cam girls and drag them onto various buildings to train them and earn money and fans. You can also drag them into shops to get items that give the girls various perks to enhance your cam business.After the 21 days is up, wether you reached your goal or not, that's game over.You can continue to manage your girls for ""fun"" although it is pretty pointless. Or you can restart all over again to try to get 100k fans trophy.I have no wish to even try for the 100k fans trophy as the gameplay is extremely repetitive and boring because of all the dragging and dropping that is involved. You drag 1-8 girls to a building, click the crap out of the building and then repeat. That's all the game is.Also if you are a big fan of idle games like me, don't be fooled the ""idle"" search tag because this game isn't idle.If you go idle whilst playing this game, your business will go into debt and you will lose because this game requires constant attention and management especially if you want the 100k fans trophy.So if you are expecting a laid back, idling experience (AdVenture Capitialist is a good example), this game is not that.Finally, I know the game isn't expensive, but I feel like I have wasted my money since you can easily find free management games that are just as good as this. I personally don't feel like there is enough content or compelling gameplay to actually put a price on this game since I have spent much more time on free management games."
,Recommended,426000,23848569,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Danni Pumpkin,"Everything I could have wanted...and more. I just love these kinds of games - I don't know why. I love the management aspect of them, the money-making, the Madame-ing."
,Recommended,426000,23852458,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Britwurst,Generic time based resource management/busniuess simulator. BUT it has tons of hot girls and racy loading screens. 10/10
,Recommended,426000,23892607,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PantsuKitty,Now I want to own a cam studio.
,Recommended,426000,23629588,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bloojooce,Good gameplay. If weren't for the perversion I might play it more
76561198074084469,Recommended,426000,23842185,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kittybubblez,I liked the description of the game but hadn't realize it would be characters from the actual Hunie Pop game!Cute surprise.Awesome strategy game that can be altered each time by what ladies you hire and what fetishes you promote.
,Recommended,426000,23887026,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Niceratops,"A little clicker game where you have a small army of cam girls for all your money making needs.Not for the faint hearted since it covers serious topics like ""milfs"" ""cake farting"" ""bondage"" and many other serious things.Highly addictive gameplay.Time managment.Dress up, you can dress your girls up yes!Voice acting, always the best part about these games.... yes.... ... honest...6/10"
76561198028871191,Recommended,426000,23888671,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,oakivil,"A nice little management game. Dont expect too much from this mobile game, but if you liked HuniePop, you will like this one as well!The narrator is nicer than in HuniePop."
76561198271118133,Recommended,426000,23838731,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Totoole1992,This was a oddly weird yet fun game. I had a blast trying to get all the different kinds of trophies. I also love the new girls they add on to the series. The art is so cute yet sexy and I love all the colors <3
,Recommended,426000,23877511,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,xFayeFaye,"finally a funny and interactive tutorial and howTo, thanks!"
,Not Recommended,426000,23882753,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nura,"This whole game is just rince and repeat. You start the game, get in debt, stress out, then lose your game save completely. The game itself is great. I love Huniepot, but this seems like its all time low."
76561197961326179,Recommended,426000,24059262,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,606,only of you have time to waste and I don't see where there is any nudity at all. It is only suggestive being a call girl.
,Recommended,426000,24044240,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,✠Dovar✠,"No, its definetly not as fun as Huniepop, but still really funis it worth 7 bucks? in my opinion: yes"
76561198093266048,Recommended,426000,24021812,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lunar Crow,GOTTA CATCH EM ALL STD'S
,Recommended,426000,23981662,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MantonX2,"As many have complained about and still others have pointed out, this is not HuniePop 2.  And yes, the art style is completely different.  And I am more than okay with that.  These are two almost completely different games with the only tie-in being that the HP ladies make up half of the available camgirls that you can manage.That said, I like this game.  I would have liked it for the original $7 and really like it for under $5.  Yes, on the surface it can feel like an easy game.  Click here, drag there and set up a simple rhythm and you can stay afloat financially.  Paying a little attention, it's not hard to set up the cam business to make a profit on a regular basis.  The challenge is in managing the girls and cam shows to maximize the revenue stream.  Getting 10's of thousands of fans in 21 days isn't overly hard.  Getting to the point where you are getting 100s of thousands of fans tailored to the types of girls and fetishes you are using and having your girls generating 100s of thousands or even a million+ dollars per day?  That's fun to me.I applaud the devs for trying something new.  I'd be fine with it, but I don't need a clone of HuniePop.  I'd love for their next game to push into some other genre or style."
,Recommended,426000,24055855,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ｒｉｎ,BECAUSE YURI IS LOVE YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII I KNOW I KNOW YURI <3
,Not Recommended,426000,24747895,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,amorasilverspark,"I saw this game played by a couple of youtube letsplayers I follow and thought it was interesting to play.  Sadly, the enjoyment did not last very long....My first playthrough of the game was okay, as I did not get the best ranking right away.  The reason why became obvious fast.  I rarely bought fans through the advertizements.  Once I knew that, even the hard mode was easy to play through with no trouble getting the best trophy.This game actually got me to search for an autoclicker.  Yes I know you can click and hold, but that is not as fast as if you clicked like a madman.  I set the autoclicker at the fastest setting and it did not feal like cheating as it only register just about as many clicks I could do on my own.After my fourth playthrough, I got tired of hearing the girls every time I placed them somewhere, so that sound option got turned off really quick.  As for the girls in general, cookie-cutter with minor differences that can be changed by sacrificing a held item slot or two.  I lost count how many times I would hunt for the nicotine patches and wine boxes so I did not have to waste time to shop for cigs and booze.  Every time, all the girls would be maxed out and either earning money or more fans depending on what items I got them.After about my 10th or so run doing several personal challenges, I got all but two achievements.  One was the hunie pop staff one, the other glitched when I got all the outfits and hairstyles.  I found no point to continue after being denied the last achievement I knew I could get without looking up the Hunie Pop game itself.Novel idea, but got boring quick.  Would not recommend, just watch some youtuber play through it once or twice and you'll get the overall idea of the game."
,Recommended,426000,22834852,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,jolina,"very fun, I enjoy playing this game. but the only downside is my hands hurts very bad :L"
76561198301997795,Recommended,426000,22836164,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,kristenepenner,Challenging and cheeky. I appreciate the humor and art style. The game length is also great; you can easily complete it in an hour or so.
,Recommended,426000,22356455,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Draco Darkrider,"In full honesty i did not expect to like it as much as i have, getting past the perv side to it the gave has a lot of management things you must do in order to keep your buisness going and your girls both payd and not stressed. I have reccomended this to many friends as its a very fun game indeed. I was a good fan of huniepop because of the end where its dam rage enducing lv's made me think or id fail. In the end i would say this is one of my favorite games on steam and one i reccomend to everyone."
76561198108628902,Recommended,426000,22356508,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,EleVelyn13,"Highly recommending this game!!So, I've been a big Huniepop fan for a while. And honestly I kinda forgot they were making this game--honestly, I can't remember what spurred me to remember it, but that's not the point--but I do remember being extremely hype the weeks coming up to it, and my expectations were more than met!I've played a lot of management games where there's bonuses and resets and that's fine, but there's only one strategy to those. With Huniecam, there's a definite strategy that took me a couple tries to figure out. And even though I'm close to earning all the achievements I'm STILL learning new ways to get the best score/meet the challenges. Everything in this game is balanced in some way or another and there's plenty of ways to take to get to a higher end goal. I also appreciate how fast it goes; Huniecam is like a time void for me. I play it in the back of the library at school (trash, I know) and can get a save file done in roughly one of my class periods, so I can appreciate that about it.One thing I am a bit sad about is there's not a lot of post-game stuff. It's weird to be phrasing it like that, but honestly, now that I've almost gotten all the achievements a week from its release, I was hoping there would be some kind of unlocked stuff! Maybe some secret girls? I enjoyed that aspect of Huniepop--doing things a certain way to unlock more girls. I'm not sure it's possible for them to add any more but I'm just pointing this out.This is getting long, so I'll wrap this up. I can tell a lot of effort went into Huniecam and I'm super duper happy with my purchase! I would definitely reccomend if you're looking for a quick but challenging management game (with lots of cute girls)."
,Not Recommended,426000,22362654,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mads,"Man... my first negative review in my time on Steam. I'm sorry guys.I really enjoyed HuniePop. It's 'spiritual successor', though I know it isn't supposed to be a sequel or anything... isn't as much as I hoped it would be.1.) DepthThe character depth is lacking - I wish there had been more storyline other than 'get views'. I wish that we could see more art in the actual game than when we're exiting or entering it. I really wanted to feel like I had some kind of connection to the characters. I felt like I was experiencing the game through a brick wall.2.) RewardWhile I'm clicking, it doesn't really feel like there's a reward to spurn me onward, no, ""oh, hey! YAY! I get a picture of x! This makes the clicking seem worth it."" The only reward was whatever trophy you received from the viewers and maybe, POSSIBLY an achievement.3.) TimingThe time frame of the game is really what has disappointed me most - I know Kyu said there were 21 days to reach the goal, but I didn't think that was the ONLY goal to be reached. I thought there would be a tier level system, where you had deadlines to earn each trophy before the axe was swung. Honestly I have no idea how ANYONE could get the diamond trophy without some type of cheat. The more girls you get, the more any type of strategy applied devolves and becomes a mass of panic and a race of cigarettes and booze. Twenty-one days isn't nearly enough to achieve anything. I haven't been able to even achieve the first trophy level.Yeah, you can keep playing that save file after the 21 days, but what's the point if there is no reward and all you get is a 'try again'? It sucked.4.) ShoppingAnother thing that bothered me about the timing is how long it would take the girls to go shop at the store. Picking up 20 or more cigarettes is no big deal - it can take ten in-game minutes if you click fast enough... but buying ONE condom can take EIGHT hours if you don't click? I know that part of the game is risking the seedy hotel. I don't want to risk, I WANT to play it safe and having to wait/click through to MAYBE get the chance to pick ONE condom is the absolute worst.As a suggestion, why not make condoms a 3-pack like actual retail stores? I don't think that would break the game, especially if it was bound to one character until all three were used and it had a cool-down (like spell casting in other games). I'd really like to justify making trips to the store, I really, really would. This totally subtracted from my gaming experience.5.) ArtOn a positive note, while others don't seem to like it...  I love the art! I love when artists branch out from their previous style and introduce something new. Lailani is a sweetheart - she's my favorite design. I love the bold colors of her outfits and her obviously Hawaiian theme."
76561197985832312,Not Recommended,426000,22363220,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Audiyon,"Short, frantic clickfest.  No nudity.  What's the point?"
,Not Recommended,426000,22361626,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ammy175,"HunieCam Studios is a very... interesting game.  It'll provide you with a few hours of fun (maybe more if you're like me and don't mind menial tasks), but once you've had your fill (whether it be grabbing from achievements and/or trading cards, or just getting bored with the game), you're probably gonna be done.I don't really like calling it a clicker game, since there's actually something resembling strategy in it (whereas, from my experience, clicker games are just mindless clicking for the most part), but thereisa ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of clicking involved.  Click to gather money, click to gather fans, click to gather style/talent, click to get a new girl, click to get a new accessory, click to make activities go faster SO MUCH ♥♥♥♥ING CLICKING!  Although, youcanhold down the mouse button to do the same thing, which can be nice (although, if you click fast enough, that's the quicker option).Going back to there being strategy for a second, though, that's the thing.  Once you figure out a good method, all subsequent games become nothing but that, or slight variations of that to see if something works better.  At least there are achievements to provide incentive for multiple playthroughs (getting the bronze trophy without using accessories, for example).Your reward for going through a ""session,"" that being 21 in game days, are wardrobe tokens, which you can spend to unlock new hair styles and outfits for the girls, which is purely cosmetic as far as I know.  But once you unlock everything, the only remaining reason to play is to try and beat your high score (or just fart around on a completed file).  I appreciate the developer adding in a hard difficulty mode (although, admittedly, I haven't tried it out yet since I'm a wimp), but that doesn't really alleviate the problem of no reason to play after you have a complete wardrobe.I'd love to see another use for wardrobe tokens.  Maybe just remake them to be generic tokens that you can spend either on wardrobe OR to buy some kind of powerups/cheats (whether temporary or togglable on/off), or something.  Like, go down the clicker route and have these powerups provide boosts to money earned, or fans earned, or start off with an investment or two already purchased, something like that.  Heck, maybe a separate new game plus mode, where you take a freshly completed file and start over from day 1 with all the girls, investments, fans, etc., that you had at the end of your previous run (obviously changing the amount of fans needed for the trophies in this mode).  That could be interesting.Another thing is maybe rewarding players for clearing the game under certain conditions.  For example, if you successfully do one of the achievement runs, or go through the game without having consumed a single cigarette or drink, provide some bonus tokens or something (would go great with the powerup idea).So, overall, like I said at the top of this review, as it stands right now, unless you get massive entertainment from clicker games, it's probably for the better that, if you decide to get this game, do it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,426000,22316239,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Weclock,"Very strategic game, with clicker elements. I love the art style. I was a fan of the first game, and while I do miss the puzzle element (I love puzzle games), I do appreciate the themes (you couldn't do this on a console).I'd love to see a true sequel to the original, but this game is fun too."
76561198120405686,Recommended,426000,22321516,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SKRT SKRT FEMINIST,i didnt mean to return this.  ill get it again.  so worth every penny!
76561198129626953,Recommended,426000,22319134,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Vinny Vincenz,"Although expensive and not as good as huniepop, its still a great game. This game is a management game and is a lot of fun. It teaches you how to run a buisness sucessfully. Its like pokemon: you have a starter, you have a defensive type who gets you viewers, you have a powerful heavyweight that gets you the main load of money, you have an hm slave or two, you have a sweeper who doesn't need training and gets you a lot of money, you have a person that is very good all around. Its huniepop without the nudity or sex and the humor. The game is also way too expensive."
,Recommended,426000,22315696,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,woulfshadow016,"I do recommend this game, but only to a point. I, personally, love the style of the game. Though many people have become disappointed with it. HuniePop attracted a specific crowd of people; these people came for one thing. Similarly these people rushed to Huniecam Studio expecting the same things, but could not find them. I do not recommend this game if that is what you were looking for.I love the art style and the new game mechanic, it adds a new spin on a clicker game by setting a strict time limit. Every step of the way will change your final score; unlike most other clicker games, which simply go on unto infinite, Huniecam Studio gives you a goal and a score. At the same time the adorable art, though limited and repetitive after a few runs, gives plenty to adore for your time playing.The strategy behind this game is one that has been very difficult to decipher, the time limit set by the game makes it a severe challenge. That being said, the goal is to find a strategy that works; once you do, the game becomes of little challenge. The achievement base does not set a very high bar, and you can finish all of them in less than 19 hours. Recently though, the game has added ""Rock Hard mode"" where the difficulty of the game is increased three fold, literally as all the girl's pay is tripled. It gives a new, and maybe impossible, challenge to those who have already grown weary of winning.Unlike many, I did not come for a HuniePop sequel; I am glad to play a new game with the old and wonderful faces from games past.Thank You,Woulf"
,Recommended,426000,22317385,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,paralistalon,"At $6.99, this game is totally priced fairly.  I think it's good for two playthroughs- an inital playthrough where you learn the bondage ropes and what all the upgrades do, and a second where you try to optimize your strategy with what you learned and try to get a bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy (I hate myself).  Each playthrough consists of 21 in-game days that cycle at a steady pace that takes about 2 to 2.5 hours of real-time to finish.  Clicking on a girl or looking at stats can pause the timer if you need a few extra seconds to strategize or to contemplate your existence for playing this game.  Somewhere near the end of that second game, the boredom sets in and you'll realize that there isn't enough depth to make you want to return for a third game.  This is where you should stop, uninstall the game, and just be happy for the exchange of a few bucks for an afternoon of mindless, semi-erotic clicking.  The more games you play, the more disappointed you're going to be and the more likely you're going to forget how entertaining the first playthrough was (good metaphor for sex?).  If I had to base this review on replay value, I'd have to give it a thumbs down.  But I'm not.  I really like the style of this game developer- namely, to make the most politically incorrect games imaginable and to have fun doing it.  We've come a long way since Beat 'Em & Eat 'Em!"
,Recommended,426000,22317525,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jessorz,So I bought this game at 9:08pm on Friday.Its now 10:09pm Saturday and I've played for 14hours ...WTF AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE?!11/10
76561198155459161,Recommended,426000,22425366,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Bluekitty,"Not a big fan of the art style, but I knew it wouldn't look like Huniepop, which I think is a good thing. Don't need more animu, but I'd totally recommed Hunicam Studio!"
,Recommended,426000,22416627,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Seikyr,"Great smutty fun. I'm having a blast working for Jack/Kyu; love the tutorial. Actually left it on for a few playthroughs just for that interaction with Kyu. Should be a ""boss now works for me"" mode. lolAddicting gameplay; I look up and hours have gone by. Enjoying trying to optimize the flow of things. And it's nice to have the familiar voices from Huniepop; I make a point to get Lailana and Audrey to have them gabbing at me and giving me crap.Best wishes and keep it up! (pun intended)"
76561198083228672,Recommended,426000,22406464,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,the ramone,"""Courtesy Warning: The sexual themes in this game are mostly for fun/humor and don't make for particularly great fapping material.""Is that a challenge?"
,Recommended,426000,22417038,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,snoozySashimi,"It's no HuniePop, but it's not a bad game at all to me! I'm glad they managed to bring back the old girls of HuniePop (with the exception of Momo, Celeste, and Venus). While it can get a bit tedious, wanting to beat your fan scores kind of make it worth it to see just how high you can go. Though, I kind of wished that there were more achievements to the game. I know, I know, 16 is a LOT of achievements, but there are a few others that would have been pretty cool.Examples could be something like:Sell Out - Get Platinum by gaining fans using only promosAlcohol Anarchy - Get Gold with a staff of alcoholics without using the wine box or basketDiamond Standard - Get Diamond on all save filesSomething like those, I think it'd be kind of cool and give the achievement completionists, like me, a little bit more of a challenge, I guess?But anyway, back to the game. It's not for EVERYONE, but if you're into mobile games (which, let's be honest, this reminds me of one) or you have the patience for it, this game is worth it. I think the new art style is pretty cute and at the very least I can play the game without worrying TOO much about passing people behind me, since it looks like an innocent game at a GLANCE (during gameplay at least, since the character and title screens aren't so innocent XD)But yeah...long story short, if you're into♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies and heart eyes (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥), this game is for you!"
,Recommended,426000,22246397,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,iOwnATfailing,Yum
,Recommended,426000,22420776,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,scopesightzx,"Going into this game, I wasn't sure if I liked it. The same old complaints that have been said about it being vastly different in gameplay and art style than HuniePop were taken into consideration, yet I still enjoyed this game. My first complete playthrough of the full twenty one days was a learning experience (preceeded by a few game overs). On the second playthrough, I knew what to expect and how to succeed over my past playthrough, and I found myself having more fun and trying things I never did before, which was a fun learning experience itself.For those who are sceptical about the game, it's dirt cheap. I suggest giving it two completed playthroughs, one to learn the basics, and the second to explore the game's offerings, trying out different combinations and techniques you may have avoided before."
,Recommended,426000,22360255,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Nico,It's not supposed to be like HuniePop. Nor it is a sequel.You can pretty much beast this game in three to four hours. Good way to kill some time.It is a clicking simulator and that's all you do. Click.I wish it had more personality to give. I feel as though it could be better.Hopefully there will be some DLC's released.
,Recommended,426000,22345973,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,a can of cherry coke,"I liked this game, but if you're looking for porn you will not find it here. It's nice to see the Huniepop girls (and new ones) in a new game. I'm also a big sucker for time management games, though."
,Not Recommended,426000,22364252,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Star-Demon,"TL;DR: The game is very limited compared to its predecessor. Low in rewards, very high on grind.It seemed like Huniecam was a long time coming - and its release seems to have fallen a bit flat.While many of the elements of Huniepop - specifically the characters and humor - are in the game, there aren't many substantial rewards for completing parts of the game. You grind each set of 21 days out to get tokens for hairstyles and outfits. It's a maddening rush to day 21, hoping to score some coins for the hairstyles and outfits.While the game seems to run better than Huniepop, the success of Huniepop should have extended the scope of this game, and it seems like it was to get a clicking time-management strategy game out the door. Interactions with the girls are absent, the amount of lewdness or pics is toned down.I can't reccomend as it stands at release. It needs more pics more voice acting and more interactions."
,Recommended,426000,22377662,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Kuamata,"I'm really conflicted on this game, but that may be because I'm not doing so hot, I can't even get a bronze trophy.I would recommend it as a time passer and nothing more. Huniepop was an awesome, fun game to pass the time. This one is a little more mindless in game play and less engaging. It's good to periodically pass the time, click on some stuff here and there, make some money, see how you did.Really, to be honest, it reminds me of a phone app or facebook game, just click, drag this here, collect the money once X amount of time has passed, rinse, repeat. Not very exciting. As I said, mindless."
76561198148654473,Recommended,426000,22441238,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,White Tiger,"I never make a review but I decided this game kind of needs it, to clarify it to new people to the Hunie series or those coming from Huniepop, the first game in the series.It's a time management game, meaning you're not working on seducing the girls, but rather managing their time, which it ends in 21 days resulting in people disliking this game just for that feature.  This game seems like a time killer rather than something you play for a whole day trying to get everything in it, resulting in people who are completionists to become rather annoyed.  I realized however that if you go in with expectations on what it is, that it isn't Huniepop and that it seems more of a side project but is still a good game, then you'll enjoy it.I can't give this the 10/10 I would give Huniepop for not reaching out to a more wide audience, but a 9/10 is given due to it still being a good game, just something I wouldn't play every day.  It is still worth the money though."
,Recommended,426000,22385133,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Silver Hemswood,"With every run, without fail, I end up hiring Tiffany. She's this pure, innocent girl fresh out of college, her eyes bright with hope for the future.With every task, without fail, I end up giving her shopping carts filled with enough cocaine to knock out an elephant.With every baggie, without fail, she shines the brightest grin and thanks me cheerily.This is how I know I need Jesus."
76561197992293457,Not Recommended,426000,22396713,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Noxodaran,Played the game. Was NOT disowned by my parents. Cannot recommend.
,Recommended,426000,22424359,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mary Wanna,
,Recommended,426000,22439580,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,sourpuss,I paid $8 for a flash player game
,Recommended,426000,22445914,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ChargedPie,It was a good way to forget where the last 2 hours went.
,Recommended,426000,22407881,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,bloosh,I beat it.though that can probably be taken as something else considering the game
,Not Recommended,426000,22770999,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,HolyMash.,"I don't recommend the game for Mac users, it has this one bug on text format. I guess my Mac doesn't supprt it's text, but without the text, i really can't play the game. Plus, there is no contact information like an e-mail available from this game creator."
76561198071915731,Recommended,426000,22708263,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,gilco_thfar,"It's not anything like Huniepop, but I wasn't really expecting it to be.  For the price, this is pretty fun. I've spent more on less gameplay and replay value in the past, and I believe this to be well worth the $7 price tag.  That which it lacks in game length is made up for in quality.  This is a solid, well made game. The replay value isn't great, but it gives you the option after the initial 21 days (the story mode) to continue with your current game for fun, or start over and earn more in tokens to buy different outfits and hairstyles for each girl.  It's pretty pointless, but for completionists it adds a little something to grind for."
76561198105658886,Recommended,426000,22788192,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Junooo,its pretty addicting cant lie
76561198119779284,Recommended,426000,22788230,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,cuddddddd,good
76561198267939893,Not Recommended,426000,22785196,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,zoltonrw,If you have played Huniepop it is overall just a better game. Huniecamstudio is not a bad game at all but the truth is that it is not worth the money. The ideas are unoriginal the execution is decent but nothing above average and there is no real reason to play this game more than once. Hunipop was great a big spin on a boring gener I had really hoped  they could do the  same with this. They didn't 5/10
,Recommended,426000,22769467,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Couyfish,Great game. Lots of fun management-style gameplay! :)
,Recommended,426000,22788417,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,whimsiKal,"This game is so so addicting and I absolutely love the artwork! It's not super challenging, but definitely makes you focus the whole time, keeping you very involved. I just finished unlocking all the outfits, and they are all super cute <33"
,Recommended,426000,22276782,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Chig: Baron of Beard,"Despite not being anywhere near as thought-out as HuniePop was or as engaging to play, HunieCam Studio still manages to be a fun, satirical look at the genre it's tackling.Despite not having that smooth a curve to get through, having found my way to a diamond trophy after realising I had a usable strategy towards the late end of my first (ultimately failed) playthrough meant that a great deal of the satisfaction has come perhaps slightly too quickly. I do however see myself going back to the game because of it's non-caring attitude and humourously dark undertones that can be played if only to grind out some of the achievements.The question is, should you buy HunieCam Studio?The positives:+ HuniePop writing and humour is all there.+ Clicker game with an automatic clicker and automation function to make it less annoying.+ Decent, fast take on the management genre.+ Voice acting is spot on.+ Can send Worst Girl into nasty situations repeatedly until she ends up with a permanent illness (dark undertones much?)+ Inexpensive fun.+ You're likely giving HuniePot Dev more incentive to make more fun games.The cons:- Lacks real long term gameplay.- Art style is a step away from HuniePop and thus has the nudity removed (this may be a positive to some.)- It's not overly interactive.- Once you figure out the optimal strategy, the game becomes a cake(fart)walk.- It can get repetetive very quickly.I honestly recommend it for the fast, fun it is. The humour is the definite selling point but having a quick, management game you can pull out and bash through without too much time commitment is great."
,Recommended,426000,22277073,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Biggrif,"funny and well worth the low price :-) Just plain old naughty fun, nothing obscene or anything"
,Recommended,426000,22277166,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jumble Rumbling,"Good clicker game that provides a decent amount of replayability to start unlocking all the extra costumes and hairstyles. Still trying to figure out all the strategies to maximise my operation to get that diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy, but all in would recommend. Oh, and it isn't lewd like Huniepop, few suggestive poses but no nudity."
76561198161971729,Recommended,426000,22277326,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,megatronspen,"What I fully expected the game to be like.Audrey is life, ♥♥♥♥♥es."
76561198171047614,Recommended,426000,22277503,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,morgenctg,Fun game! This game excedded my expectations. Maybe its just me but i love clicker games and this is the best.
,Not Recommended,426000,22277761,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kari,"I was really hoping this game would at least be decent. It's really not worth spending money on.I was somewhat invested in this game since it's announcement. I loved HuniePop, so I was expecting more of the same in the future. The first trailer, I had a reaction many of us had. ""What is with this art style?"" Given, I don't think it's a terrible art style, I just have a few issues with it. I felt it wasn't going to make good porn, it strayed from the anime style people enjoyed with HuniePop, and god I hate the heart pupils. Made comments on Steam and Twitter about it, voted in official polls (which turned out, the overwhelming majority hated the style), and in the end they still wanted to go with the toon style. Okay, whatever, maybe the game can still be good, right? Eventually we all learned it wasn't going to have any porn at all. At that point, I pretty much don't care about the art style...but it seemed weird to go in this direction from the devs who made HuniePop, and the setting of the game.Moving forward to the actual game, now that it's released...Huge disappointment, as expected. The art style can be ignored as I mentioned, but damn the gameplay is not very exciting. It's an okay time saver, but...it's what I would expect from a Free to Play Clicker Game.It has less features than your average clicker game, it has no long-term goals because it has an end point, and there's no rewarding feelings at all. They slapped on HuniePop characters, added lower-quality characters, made it a sexual theme and concluded ""this will sell.""I have no idea how this game took so long to develop. You see the entire game within an hour of gameplay, the rest is just repeating until it's over. I had a ton of complaints about how the gameplay flows and how the UI works/doesn't work.Hopefully the next game (if they continue) HuniePot pushes out will be more like their first. I don't care if it's HuniePop 2 or what, but HuniePop had a good angle. I regret buying this game, I'll probably play it for achievements while I queue in other games, then put it on the shelf forever."
,Recommended,426000,22261440,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,GodspeedEdge,"A short clicker game with LOTS of adult references and HEAVY sex humor. You spend most of your time interacting with buildings, icons, and text. It isn't bad per se, it's well made and feels like the devs took their time to complete it.The game is painfully short, each run takes about an hour and a half. After your second run, you'll likely have fleshed out the entire game. With about 2.5 hours clocked, I enjoyed it and its humor a great deal but feel like their could have been more to it. Namely, I would have liked to see more interaction with the girls and to have had more than the 21 days you are given to build Kyu's Porno Empire.HunieCam Studio delivers the same parody of the fanservice dating-sim genre as HuniePop before it did, this time taking the sexual references to 11. You can't go more than a few seconds without seeing a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on screen or reading a promo for♥♥♥♥♥♥fetishes. If you've been around the block on the Internet, you'll most likely get a chuckle from it and sometimes you'll have to pause the game to laugh a good minute.Unfortunately for such a fanservicey game, there's no sexuality or nudity on screen ever. It would have been nice to have a bonus mode after landing a Big♥♥♥♥♥♥Trophy (Yes! You get♥♥♥♥♥♥Trophies!) where you can interact with the actual camgirls doing their thing. But for 6 bucks, it is what it is. It's also a bummer to have no bejeweled-styled sex puzzle games, but there's always hype for HuniePop 2 some day.If you want some dirty laughs and to work out your clicking muscles for a few hours, or to catch up on your Hunie Waifus, give this game a go. If you're more of a Puritan looking for an in-depth management game, Roller Coaster Tycoon World or Punch Club are much greater adventures to be had.I'm mixed to give this game a recommendation, but Koons is a great guy who isn't afraid of making dirty games, which is much needed in this era of fear of objectifying anyone and anything. I recommend HunieCam Studio with high hopes that this series will continue to grow."
,Not Recommended,426000,22261635,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Seen my D ?,More content please.
,Recommended,426000,22261757,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bisette,"TIFFANY GOT HERPESLILLIAN GOT AIDSLOLA GOT HERPESZOEY GOT HERPESWE'RE IN TROUBLE, WE CAN'T DO THISTHEN SUDDENLY A BRIGHT LIGHT FROM THE HEAVENSQUEEN AUDREY FLIES DOWN LIKE THE ALMIGHTY GODDESS SHE IS TO GRACE US WITH HER PRESENCESHE IMMEDIATELY BOOSTS ALL FAN AND MONEY GAIN WITH LITTLE EFFORTOH GLORIOUS QUEEN AUDREY, WE DO NOT DESERVE YOUR KINDNESSPLEASE FORCIBLY DRUG ME AND♥♥♥♥♥♥MY FACE0/10 no HunieCam Audrey emote or backgroundtsk tsk"
76561198049078276,Recommended,426000,22262282,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,merc4hire,Great little camgirl management sim game set in the huniepop universe I love huniepop and i love this game keep up the great work.Aiko is bae
76561197999363429,Recommended,426000,22262346,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Da Chief 319,"I bought this expecting something like the first game: a competent, entertaining puzzle game with heapings of fanservice. What I got was a thoroughly enjoyable business simulator/clicker with less fanservice than expected. That's not a bad thing, I can see myself firing this up every once in a while for a few hours at a time. The only real complaints that I have are that the art style is different from the first (with this one aiming for a more Western-inspired look rather than anime) and the price may be a little high for a game like this. My advice is to get this on sale, you won't regret it. Well, you will, but it's a very enjoyable game nevertheless"
,Recommended,426000,22683345,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bununoki,"Boobs, need I say more?"
76561198062286885,Recommended,426000,22716315,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Parzifal,"I honestly have mixed feelings about this game. I wasn't super fond of some of the humor in the previous game with Kyu referring to the girls by racial phrases (""I love me some chocolate"" ""I have a case of yellow fever"") And this game doesn't make it that much better, referring to dark girls as ""Ebony"" followed up with blatant drug use and an unrealistic view of how cam girls and the sex industry work. Audrey's degradation into camming just to keep up her drug habit isn't exactly flattering either, but then again she wasn't exactly a star in the original game.I will say I was pleasantly surprised that Beli was considered both ""Chubby"" and ""Asian"" though, though. That got a smile out of me. And some of the descriptions were absolutely hilarious, such as with Sarah being an ""unbearable weaboo."" I also am amused by the self-awareness that the game has, like ""the sequel that nobody asked for.""The game itself though is MASSIVELY addicting and I can't get enough of it. I love management games, and I just love the mechanics of this system. It's really simple, and yet it's complex enough to keep me entertained and replaying it over and over again. The art is also really nice to look at, and I like the fact that they put effort into voice-acting the girls. It didn't need to be there, but it's there and I enjoy it, even if some of the girls can get annoying to listen to. But I've never felt the need to mute the game, either.Overall, a mixed bag. Not for everyone, and if you don't like the developers, that's certainly a reason not to purchase the game. But if you're interested, it's like 8 bucks for like 10+ hours of gameplay and I think for those who can look past the humor and enjoy the system, it's worth it."
,Recommended,426000,22717581,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jenpai,"Didn't expect it to be so fun tbh. I thought I'd play it a couple times and I'd probably get bored of it. It's actually pretty fun. You have to strategize where your girls go, to get the most of what you can. This is of course, to get the Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy (best trophy ever, it even has wings). It doesn't stop there, you also can unlock outfits for all the girls. You get so many coins each time you complete a playthrough (it's roughly 2 hours each time I think). My only complaint for this game is that when I drag a girl to put her into a building, it sometimes doesn't register. I'll have to do it 2 or 3 more times. Which is really bad, since this game is all about being quick. It also makes my laptop run really hot, which I've never had with a game before. I know they're trying to fix that part though. 10/10 definetly reccommend to other people to play."
,Recommended,426000,22707380,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Sedonna,"The artwork is awesome! The voice acting is astounding! It's a management game like all the rest, but much much MUCH more interesting for me cuz of the premise! I just feel so much more ingaged than in any other game like this! Great game! Really good game! Highly recommend it! Sorry for all the exclamation marks!"
,Recommended,426000,22705095,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Star Guardian Jayce,"Extremely addictive game! The art style, first of all, is so much more appealing than the style of HuniePop, which I felt looked kind of like anime pictures you'd find on Google. Secondly, this game isn't sexual so if you're wanting to buy it for♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't. There's no♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game.It can be challenging at first if you don't know what you're doing, but it's easy to pick up and once you've got a strategy down, you find yourself playing over and over to beat your high score. The girls are very cute and the gameplay is so addictive that I find myself coming back to the game multiple times a day. If you like clicker games, I highly recommend this!"
76561198008463476,Not Recommended,426000,22735788,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,piddyx,This game has nothing going for it.  Its just boring.
,Recommended,426000,22734750,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Intention,best simulation game april 2016 :D
76561198251905982,Recommended,426000,22774846,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Lusts Ouroboros,Addictive and fun
,Recommended,426000,22772131,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,j,idk it was alright i guess
76561198217880473,Recommended,426000,22767629,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sky,dope
76561198036404732,Recommended,426000,22783887,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Finnie,"Its a simple game and in the end too simple to play over and over , I was i bit dissaponted when i first played this game i was hopeing for a bit more well game ,  when i first read about this game i thoung it would be about makeing your own porn empire but you don'thaveing said all that for a wee bit of fun its quite a nice wee game simple and it easy to get the hang of pretty quick too play and i did enjoy playing it it just wasn't what i hoped for"
76561198059167182,Recommended,426000,22778720,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Bourbon,"I dont usually like this kind of games. But this game is wonderful. It gets pretty boring once you have 4-5 girls because it takes a lot of time for them to finish camming. But I have a Glasses fetish, so I give this a thumbs up.9/10"
76561198050201574,Recommended,426000,22760714,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TheOddWitch,"I feel like I maybe shouldn't love this game, but ♥♥♥♥ it, I do. As far as time management games go, this one isn't like a painfully slow app that slowly sucks the life out of you until you can't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ If anything, the longer you play, the faster the pace gets. Which is really refreshing and nice. The girls are cute and sexy and it only feels a little bit weird to pimp them out. They understand you, it's cool. Just give 'em a little more coke, and they'll be totally chill.Anyway, fun game, good pacing, nice characters, really annoying tutorial (I am sick of your face), but overall, fun stuff. It's not too pricey, but still a good game to put on your whishlist and wait for it to go on sale."
76561198166252483,Recommended,426000,22756053,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ishootnikon,"Girl got AIDS.Tried to send her shopping""CAN'T SHOP WITH AIDS""Tried to send her to the spa to relax.""CAN'T RELAX WITH AIDS""12/10 for reality check"
76561198088173588,Recommended,426000,22256702,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Susanoo,"Great game like there first game, funny and enjoyable. Highly recommend for anyone looking for a laugh"
76561198221190616,Not Recommended,426000,22593621,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ryanprice15,boring
,Recommended,426000,22603529,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,King Kurage,"For 6-7 bucks, you'd be HARD-pressed to find a better deal for a game that is both visually appealing and fun with moderate replayability. Takes roughly an hour and a half to complete the main story before you are rated on your performance and urged to try again to beat your score. Plenty of sarcasm and jokes complementing the surprisingly deep mechanics of the game definitely makes you want to play more. Highly recommend."
76561198298620846,Recommended,426000,22604278,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,hbosley18,Super fun game to play when relaxing!
,Recommended,426000,22606238,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,spooky daddy-o,Finished the game in about 3 hours. Had to restart a few times to get the game down packed. Hired a weeaboo camgirl. Got some stds. Gave everyone gag balls. Made everyone work their asses off so I could win a golden♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy.10/10 IGN
76561198099262978,Recommended,426000,22659571,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,King Cool-Kat,"Lemme just say that I bought this game out of principle, because I like this developer, and I want to support them in my own way. With that said, it's not a bad clicker game. If you liked HuniePop, and are open to trying clicker games (or like them) then buy this game. It'll give you a few hours at least. Buy it to support HuniePot."
76561198053979061,Recommended,426000,22638238,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ogura,"Despite the many grievances, I did enjoy playing the game, whilst an investment in an autoclicker was quite beneficial.For what a clicker game is, this was quite the success.Actions were smooth, mechanics were well explained, if not humorously, and the game even had depth within selections of girls, fetishes, and items, allowing for optimization of most efficient methods of getting fans.This game would be greatly recommended, if not for the obvious failure sitting in front of you.Your reward for finishing the game to the end and unlocking everything, including all the oufits?Boring CG of fully clothed girls from the game.Yes, your efforts of countless hours of clicking and thinking will nab you coins, which then can be further obtained by starting a new game, which eventually you will have enough to buy outfits, which once all of a certain girl's outfits are purchased, you get one single CG image. Some images are sexy, but most are just normal.The game fails to live up to the strength of its predecessor, for that one actually continually rewarded you with sensual stimulation sound effects.This one just has them enthusiastically cheer you on, as you stare blankly at bouncing buildings, not even bouncing breasts.What did I download this game for? Super fun sweaty sexy time.What did I get? Tired fingers, not tired hand.If you come looking to come, just go back to the HuniePop."
,Recommended,426000,22829180,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Starlista,Cool game.
76561198007375334,Recommended,426000,22807675,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Abyssal Nicholson,"Amusing and filthy game, Here's a 30 minute fingerblast.!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIbvmz8Aelc"
76561198095502418,Recommended,426000,22743095,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sikozen,"Love. This. Game. It's like Sims, Rollercoaster Tycoon, and Pimp My Ride all rolled into one. It's funny and fun. Where's my damn expansion?! Moar plz!"
76561198201578985,Recommended,426000,22621496,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ReanimatedMe,"The only problem with the game is that there should be an option to untick the outfit, or perhaps an extra feature where if you unlock all the hair styles and outfits, you get like a short fan animation.The game itself is addictive. I will keep playing it on and off until I reach the max trophy, I only managed to scrape 2,000 fans my first attempt lol.."
76561198050782046,Recommended,426000,22621525,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Inzain,"Ahhh jes, follow-up on the fabled game ""HuniePop"". A game I've still to fully master.HunieCam sets you in the role of a cam studio manager. You have to hire girls, prepare them for the cold hard world, and place them infront of a cam with lots of funny toys, including but not limited to; vibrators, water bottles, cat-ear headbands and poopshute plugs! Create a revenue, pay your hoes their money, upgrade their style and 'appeal', play around with fetishes, get fans, upgrade your studio - MICROMANAGEMENT at it's best. What more would you want?Well, for starters, let's look at the pro's:- A worthy consumption of time and cleenex.- Replayability- Tiffany- Easy and attainable achievements-  Includes the cast from HuniePop with additions to the crew- STD'sCons:- Too short.- Lacks a gallery and unlockable questionable picture. (pr0n)- Zero to no story- Hearts in their eyes- 3rd wall immersion breaking- Art is a step down from the first game, making HunieCam game feel hastily thrown together.It took me good 28 hours to finish this game over 6-8 playthroughs and to get all achievements, 100% the game. (With help from a guide in my very last attempt).I got addicted to the game, so if you run short of things to do a single weekend, pick this game up. On sale or not, it's fairly entertaining for it's price.With that said, final rating:If you got girl problems, I feel bad for you, sonI got 99 fetishes but limp♥♥♥♥♥♥aint one."
,Recommended,426000,22529798,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,johnellis149,"This is probably the only game that will make you say:""What the hell, why won't you get an STD?!?"" or""Why do you have AIDS?  You were supposed to get Herpes!""just to get an achievement.I probably shouldn't have said that out loud."
76561198133745320,Recommended,426000,22737961,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Strange_Tales,"I think the voice acting is pretty spot on. My favorite part is when the girls respond to the weird items you give them. ""Oh thanks!"", ""You nasty!"", ""You better pay me!"", to name a few.The only issue I have is with the replayability. It can get stale after a few games, but overall I find myself coming back to 100% it, which I never do. Dissapoint your Parents being the achivement for unlocking all of the wardrobe for all of the girls.I would love to see more challanges and items. If the girls changed facial expressions depending on the task you have them do, or if their expressions changed in tandem with the stress indicator, the game would hands down become more engaging. In short, more animation or movement is sorely needed.8/10"
76561198040836561,Not Recommended,426000,22278347,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kyriolex,Honestly I am a big fan of managment games and thought I would give this one a fair shot as I've been looking for something new and this one was recently released as managment.As far as the game goes the only controls you have is to click and drag then hold down the mouse.That is what the entire game is. Just a click and drag simulator.
76561198217757587,Recommended,426000,22276027,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mathepan,"I'll try to be quick.- Short game (first run goes in 90min)- It's a time manager/clicker game with the girls of huniepop- Art is good and you fell the game is complete after finish it even feeling that the game should be longer- It's not huniepop 2 so forget about""do that"".Buy it if 1) you're a fan of the huniepop world 2) if you like time manager/clicker game.Otherwise, just buy it if it on 50% promotion.Even so, I recommend. 7/10 score"
,Recommended,426000,22276122,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,2Joe,I had the emotion of laughter while playing.Solid 7/10
76561198078671320,Recommended,426000,22274986,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bronze Kneecap,"First Im going to point out the good things about this little game before Im going to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it.-I do enjoy how everything in this game makes kind of sense with the whole management.-Some if not all characters from the previous game are also in this game which made me happy.-I actually really enjoyed the tutorial, Kyu(I think it's Kyu) didn't change that much and actually talks toyou in a way which actually makes you smile, even though she's kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥-The new concept here is interesting and really enjoyable to play.- The Trophies are genius.Bad things:-While the new characters aren't  bad there just seems to be a little....hole for the returning ones. For some characters it just didn't really fit....I mean Nikki is a complete introvert, I doubt that someone like her would to camming or foroshoot's.-While I do not dislike the new style I do miss the old one since it had much more charm to it, but it's just an opinion.-There isn't really much replay value to this game, I had 3 playthrough's and after that I kinda got bored of it.-While this game is not made for interactions with the characters I do wish there would have been at least some.But this game still is not a bad experience at all and my bad points wer'e kind of subjective matters. Im excited for future games and I will recommend it.Good Job!"
,Recommended,426000,22272096,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Shiroe Vinsmoke,Fun management game for perverts like me. Need more games like this on steam.
,Recommended,426000,22250822,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,CsGoRoll.com | Fluffy Bunny,A fun and nicely done Click Manager with a durty theme. Easy to learn to hard to Master .
76561198024721702,Recommended,426000,22251082,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Scarlet Panda,"As has been stated elsewhere, this is definitely not Hunie Pop 2. A fairly competent casual time/resource management sim, the game uses an Internet can studio as its backdrop but is so focused on the mechanics, there are no pictures or video of what is actually taking place at all with each event. There are several characters from Hunie Pop along with several newer ones, but there is no story for any character and the voice acting only in short bursts as acknowledgement to complete or finish tasks. Not bad overall but can be played through in one sitting and replayed for higher score."
,Recommended,426000,22251101,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,<ZackleR>Jfkthethird/KurmaMutton,"well... for the price... its meh~ aim of the game mostly to get the full collection of outfit, hairstyles and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. yup!"
76561198071324220,Not Recommended,426000,22270306,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,nikalee,"I bought this even though I read unencouraging reviews, and I have to say, I'm unencouraged. I don't care about the nudity. I don't like the art as much as HuniePop but I can live with it, I even like time management games. The problem is it's really hard and not enjoyable enough to keep playing long enough to get any of the unlockeables. i can put up with tediousness but not repetitive impossibility."
,Recommended,426000,22323907,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,PalmDSG,Good but Finger ache
76561198012846678,Recommended,426000,22245554,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BaddoSpirito,"This is an ok casual strategy/simulation game with some clicking mechanics but may be disappointing for people expecting something different.What this game is not:- A business simulation with depth like Restaurant Empire, Industry Giant etc.- Hentai game/good fap material like HuniePop.Some comments about the game:- Dialogue is great like HuniePop but unfortunately, there isn't much dialogue. Only tutorial.- Can be addicting if you like going for high-score- Low price( though appropriate for only this much content )- Game is a bit too fast-paced and requires almost Starcraft levels of micro to go for competetive high scores.- I didn't encounter any bugs- The best trophy(100k fans) is a bit too easy to get. I got it in 3 hours and there isn't much else to do( unless you have friends to compare scores ). More difficult achievements could be added to increase play time.- I suspect many people won't like the art style. Not sexy.In summary, this is a Facebook-like shallow business simulation but if you have some friends to compare high scores with, it can be fun for a while. It requires some skill to come up with an optimal strategy and execute it properly so it may appeal to non-casual gamers also, but only for a short while since there isn't much depth to the game. You can probably expect 3 to 10 hours of fun from this. If you like the genre, I believe the game is worth the price so I'm giving a thumbs up."
,Recommended,426000,22245572,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,CrackGivesYouWings - Kill me pls,"Firstly:This game is the game of your dreams.Oh how every male would like to be in charge of cam girls, if that be one themselves.You start off with 3 females from the Huniepop game,One of them is apparently a Gamer girl who streams video games on I suppose twitch?Apparently being more revealing can make you more money, Well lets ask the boobie streamers on twitch that came from chatturbate their reason to do reverse.You have 21 days to earn a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy you must gain enough fans to earn a better one.Sadly for your full nudity cam girls this trophy is to large to use in their future streams as a super power up.You play this game reading nudity and you instantly think your in for a hentai treat, But you get to enjoy thetsundere personality right from the get go that makes you want to remove your ****.The game plays like cookie clicker but to beat time and collect money, In honesty though the game has little plot/storymaybe you should expect this to begin with the idea behind it in the first place, If characters had a bit more back storyabout them rather then the ""Fetishes"" it would feel like more care went into the game where it is a good game, I personally feel like it is a far more rushed title then huniepop although as with the last game the voice acting is cheesily good, fit for purpose.I reccomend this game if you are coming in with low expectations or just want to play something that will give you a WTF moment or two to begin with. Its definately a unique idea and supposed to be a parody but its a shame where some things could have more time and detail invested into it."
,Recommended,426000,22344595,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Hajnal,"has no right to be as good as it is.  it's like a fairly stressful real-time management sim with cookie clicker's DNA.  not a ton of depth, but still really, really fun."
76561197993357882,Recommended,426000,22338946,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,satanpro,A stone cold grove of a game that will get any playa up an keep their pimp hand strong - A Pimp Named Slickback
,Recommended,426000,22350686,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jakey Poo™,Erotic cookie clicker.
76561198097563510,Recommended,426000,22350793,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,volnuttc,"Ehh, it's alright. Come in with low expectations, Its a good game. It's either you digg it or ya don't.Peace."
,Recommended,426000,22350977,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Erica Hartmann,Very fun easy to understand game!
,Recommended,426000,22355900,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Leafeon,Came for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ stayed for all the cash cows I created. Now I am rich. Don't regret a thing.
,Recommended,426000,25702517,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SpikedHooves97,"pretty fun game, it is like any other resource managment game ive played, just super pervy and sexualised! It is fun unlocking outfits, trying to get diferent fans, and trying to beat your score. Worth the price!"
76561198034278448,Recommended,426000,25698182,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,beast_feast,"A fun clicker that is pretty humourous. Not too much to the game but the puzzles are a bit difficult (It's a bejeweled type) and again, makes me laugh at times."
,Recommended,426000,24385629,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Hobby_goat17,"I am girl and I like time management aspect of the game, bothers me tutorial chick made me wonder was there chance the player was ever girl then dialog later I realized I was dude so yeah, trying to manage the girls and get them to places on time. Seems to me most of time your more than likely to FAIL in this game for my friends if your trying pass the level go ahead but I recommend to my friends just stick with 4 girls are easy to manage, beyond that level and you level them up to 5 your bankrupt <- if you check book area you find out your paying your chicks way too much. there no way you can let them go as far I can see.I like no way fired again how is that possible, but start new game each time I wondering here why is that chick already firing me when tutorial is done and over with. I did ways of game where got girls stop using cigs and drink turns out that higher stress, I think with addicted ones you have to careful.graphics: are quite interesting, unless your not into bright colorsmusic: addictive, not too annoyinggame play:  a clicker game and time management sort game.Voice acting:  yes tutorial chickUpdate:I am sorry dev if there someone out there to beat a clicker game he or she must have outplayed it. Not that I hoping to do so in future, For those wanting to play it you get bored after first time playing, I played because I keep going in my head I give another chance it didn't suck then when I play it I feel sorry for it.  I play because I trying to find story line the only story line isyour guy who playing assistant manager its okay job, but ""tutorial"" manager can and will pull rug from under you at any time, she rate your success by how many ""fans"" you aquired after 21 days. She fires him if he can't make 5K its sad, I not sure if anyone can make 100 girl limit I only got up to 8 before I ran out funds...Good luck those who play.I play because of anime characters maybe?I was hoping for something actually had almost real life, like example:you sent one girls to spa to relax their day ended up where one them one was relaxing so well they was accident at the spa or something like girls have hopeless stalker and you have hire bodyguard robot, there are no events almost. If had alien and mer girls subspecies it would make some sense as strange but then again wouldn't hype fan base of the game who knows. it would kill the need usage of furry though and put strange effect for water effect if was cat-girl, cats hate water and technology making it absolutely intriguing. No free will either <-I can't hope for that but maybe in future possible events."
,Recommended,426000,30853051,Posted: 31 March,all,Jesus,All my chicks keep getting std's
76561198086444838,Recommended,426000,25508815,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,The Hyena Bubby,Highly Addictive! It's like what you always wanted out of the lemonade stand simulators. There's even a Rock Hard mode for those who want to take it to the next level.
,Recommended,426000,26667074,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Raspberry Queen,"I didn't expect this one to be a secondary connected game to the first one. Even though it was basically nothing the same to the first one i actually love the game! It's fun challenging and enjoyable, true you may feel terrible for putting the girls in a hotel room to ""help random men find change under the mattress"" but at the end you feel like a true pimp!Graphics: 8/10 I still prefer the huniepop graphics more , this is more cartoonPlot: 7/10 not really a plot to say.. but it has an objectiveCharacter design: 8/10 there was the oldies but good characters and they also introduced a few new onesOverall: 8/10 I like game and would play something similar too it! i think if you liked huniepop you might love this one too!"
76561198248687718,Recommended,426000,28516183,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Donutman16,"Huniecam Studio is a great followup to Huniepop, in a strange way. While it is a completely different game having the same characters makes in incrediablely enjoyable. It is strangly addicting and a blast to play, highly reccomend."
76561198073805621,Recommended,426000,28209848,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Genghis Cat,"Markiplier made me buy it, but the gameplay made me love it! It is wrong on so many levels, which makes me laugh everytime. A light-hearted game on live-caming...who thought it could be that fun?"
,Recommended,426000,28165906,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Birckk,"Fun clicker management gameI personally like the graphics aswell as the design and gameplay. There is a lot to learn and to master but nothing stupendous so it can be enjoyable. You can get some good hours of fun out of the game and to a good price, so a recommendation from me."
,Recommended,426000,30971641,Posted: 5 April,all,nesaMDoom,"As with HuniePop I was baited in with really good artwork and the idea or hot anime chicks, then I ended up hooked on the gameplay... If you want something to just look at I guess this works, but if you want a really good business sim this is it. All together, buy the game, it's good."
76561198014702049,Recommended,426000,28631339,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lord Tommy,"When I'm killing time at work this game is fine.  But I have a desk where my back is against a wall.It's a mobile game, good for loading up and playing for a little bit.  And the girls are cute."
,Recommended,426000,28690302,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nahmay[SyL],"7.5 hours is about 3-4 cycles of this game. You get the gist after the first time, but you really start having the enjoyment of playing it on your 2nd and 3rd time. I wouldn't recommend ever getting this game full price because it doesn't even have a nude patch ;)But for 50% off, you can enjoy yourself a nice, interesting management game. Get it on sale. Worth the $3.50 I paid for it."
,Recommended,426000,28691704,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Neopolitan,"I was not expecting such a huge change from Huniepop, but it proved that Huniepop is very versatile in the abilities. A fun game whether you played Huniepop or not."
,Recommended,426000,28687740,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,I am Silver scrub :(,"really great gameplay, a 1.5 hours game per session... stills a good game for time killing when u bored from losing in other games :)"
76561198074880038,Recommended,426000,29250737,Posted: 14 January,all,robotminer,"Got this for someone I was dating. It was a great game to play together, despite being single player. Highly recommend it."
76561198137185653,Recommended,426000,29252461,Posted: 14 January,all,goldcoastchuck,"While an amusing diversion, it can get a little hectic if you're not paying attention and let the girls' needs (stress, smokes, and booze) get neglected. It's got a bit of depth to it, which might come as a surprise to those not familiar with the Hunie games.That being said, if there's one thing that I really do find annoying, it's the ""click to make them finish their task more quickly"" option. While it's useful, it definitely feels like a rather overused mechanic of the game.Personally, I think the game works in short bursts, as opposed to a lengthy session that another tycoon style game might encourage.The low price (even when the game is off-sale) is also a nice touch, and so if you're picking this up at 50% off or more, you're definitely getting the value for your money.For those of you hoping for a little more adult content, artwise, (like what was featured in HuniePop), you're going to be disappointed, as it's only available in the splash screens at loading.Still, it's a fairly enjoyable game, but if you're looking for a deep experience, you might want to look elsewhere."
76561198065902712,Recommended,426000,29704872,Posted: 4 February,all,Mountain,"[Edited]Not nearly as good as HuniePop, but it still has some good qualities. This game is a constant reminder that the more you make, the more you pay.Thanks, taxes"
,Recommended,426000,22594413,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Purple Pumpkin,At it's heart this is a clicker/management game. I actually really like this style of game so I wasn't dissapointed. It is nothing like the developers previous game HuniePop. I happen to like both styles of game so there was no issue for me.It is a fun game that you can play and finish without having to get completely involved in it and worrying about a story.
76561198015992964,Recommended,426000,22594419,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,outpostprime,Game is pretty addicting :P
,Recommended,426000,22733246,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Strogg,My first clicker game. s'good... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,426000,22655851,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,winona,"sleazy as advertised, surprisingly difficult, very addictive.much like real sex work it is a lot of money in and a lot of money out and you'll probably be at least a bit in the red most days. lol"
76561198262050096,Recommended,426000,22572186,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,jokerandharley24,"The gameplay mechanics might be simple, but still a great management game. No real storylines, and few outfits for replayability limits future playthroughs if it wasn't for one thing. This game is addicting for some strange reason. I put off an initial review to try to understand why I constantly find myself going back to running the ""buisness"" only to find no answers. Perhaps its the fan counter staring you in the face, wanting you to crawl back to make the number grow. Perhaps its the drive to do better than you have. Maybe its just to imagine yourself in the same postition as the protagonist. Regardless, descent game. Excited to see what's next for the developer."
,Recommended,426000,22636664,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Homura Akemi,"Who needs to be a disappointment when you can fingerblast until you get some ""dope♥♥♥♥♥dick trophies""?"
76561198072981863,Recommended,426000,22636741,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Donut Repair Shop,I feel like a facebook game-addicted mom for all the wrong reasons.Good game.
76561198298792782,Recommended,426000,22637148,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,JustToPlayHunieCamStudio,"Phenominal Game but embarassing Subject matter (hense the name of my burner account, no one can know what I've done)Great game that has some of the best balancing I have ever seen in a game tons of fun easy to get into and (since I was able to do it) easy to master... well 30 hours, for a game that's sessions last 2 hours.I enjoy this game immencily and I feel that I'm pretty good at it (I got the Gold trophey using only 3 girls without accessory's or the sleazy hotel but only one achivemnt unlocked)Since the Wiki for this game is bogged down with HunniePop info it was worthless to me so I did something I haven't done for years put pen to paper to take notes and using a lot of Math and Sceince determined the best possible combination of girls (the Asians and Ebonys and 2 eearnd girls with 1 style and 1 fashion) and can still only get 60K fans on hard mode.Not nearly as morally degrading as one might think at a glance (I'm a goodie two shoes Mormon and was not too horribly offended but needed to make an alternate account so I wouldn't have to explain to all my Mormon/Stream friends that this game is not actually ""Sinful"") and a TON OF FUN!"
76561198046009529,Not Recommended,426000,22669386,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,fangwulf,"Huniepop might have been Bejeweled with naked women, but this is Clicker Heroes and frankly, I've already got tendonitis."
,Recommended,426000,22669632,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Deputy,"I am harem,and harem was what i made,and i make haiku."
,Recommended,426000,22666284,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CoffeeAndWhisk3y,This game gave me carpal tunnel10/10 no ragrets
,Not Recommended,426000,22668073,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Roman_tL,"WOW what a dissapointing game I dont think anyone should buy this at least not at the asking price I would call this a cash in on HuniePop. if it goes on sale for 1$ I MAY buy it and that is a massive MAYBE.To make a long story short this game is like a cookie clicker game except I would rather play cookie clicker than this. When you do beat the game (btw it took me only one hour) you get these ""style tokens"" all they do is unlock more costumes for the characters. they do NOTHING else they don't give you some kinda passive boost or anything along those lines they just sit there. Please do not waste your time or money on this. Instead just go and but HuniePop a true masterpiece.Overall Rating: 4/10"
76561198257524236,Recommended,426000,22668413,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,happysugarhunny,Fun and Addicting!
76561198276570519,Recommended,426000,22670022,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Isabella7298,Great Game! I couldn't say anything bad about this. Very addicting to win achievements and rack up as much cash as possible.
76561197970607311,Recommended,426000,22520612,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Flopy,Really well executed casual game with erhm moraly wrong theme :p
76561198034929322,Recommended,426000,22372665,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,DFP,"A really cheap (and by ""cheap"" I mean ""not expensive"") game by a really great developer. HunieCam Studio is definitely NOT a follow up of HuniePop, and is in no shape or form even remotely close to the depth of HuniePop. HunieCam studio is exactly what they told us it would be: A simple spin-off. And as a spin-off, it's not too shabby. However, it's very short, and there is no nudity whatsoever, unfortunetly. But, if you enjoyed HuniePop, go ahead and give this game a shot. PAY for it, don't be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and pirate it. The devs of this game deserve the support. After-all, how many game developers can you name that have the balls to create a game with full nudity AND sex in it?tl;dr: Disappointing compared to HuniePop, but still exceeded my expectations. Support the devs and BUY the game, don't be a salty pirate. (It's a shame I have to encourage people to not steal things these days.)"
76561198154857659,Recommended,426000,22419860,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,swr,Fast Paced Porn
,Recommended,426000,22384467,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,doctor connor's class,My wrist is gone numb3/15 need a new wrist thnx game
,Recommended,426000,22384649,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,nerdcredred,"It's not as great for fapping as its predecessor, but it's still a very fun and addictive game. Don't pass up on it just because it has a different art style, it's very worth your while. (Yay rhyming!)"
76561197966719043,Not Recommended,426000,22384822,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Sam,Not good and misleading buyers.  This is basically a mobile game with no real point.  Should be called hunie clicker because all you do its click on the map over and over.  There is no story line and all the girls are pointless.  All its showing in the video is the loading screens youll encounter.
76561197970357769,Recommended,426000,22384850,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jowan,"Still enjoying this, but then I lack ""experience"" with clicker games.Not disappointed at all. Great time management sim with the appropriate amount of depth for its price.The point is beating your high score, within 21 days. Either by collecting ""resources"" from building or hurrying the work done there (in that order.) Idle time is your enemy.It lacks the ""story content"" of huniepop but that's normal given the gameplay, and the setting and tutorial are brought with the right amount of comical lewdness.Really enjoyed both huniepop and this."
76561198254508173,Recommended,426000,22386273,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Riley (is lame),"I absolutely adored the first huniepop game, and had high hopes for this game as well. Though it is not at all a sequel to the first game and more of a spin-off, it is addicting nonetheless. It's fun and entertaining. I love how the old girls are included as well as the new ones. My personal favorite is Lillian, but that's just because I laugh everytime she says ""Ugh, ♥♥♥♥ my life."" It has little to no dialouge and no devolpment through out the game play, but I'd still recommend it to anyone who thinks it would be fun."
,Recommended,426000,22386353,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,xSYNx REAPER,Fun little game to kill time. Definitely worth the price!
,Recommended,426000,22389667,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,NineCast®™,Its addicting and all BUT WHERE'S MY NUDES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198141804718,Not Recommended,426000,22415041,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,blood 1504,"I recomend against  the purchase of this game at the listed price  .   I liked honey pop  Becase It had   great voice acting  .The   sales video is a bit misleading  in that  it shows the loading screens . Unlike honey pop  there  are no converstional choices with the  game sprites  and the majority of the audio for the game sprites is taken directley from the honey pop sound track . Its   a  clicker game which uses sound bits from honey pop   .  There where some oportunitys  for  some interesting adult humor in this game which where missed by the game author .    For example you can  send a girl to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ herself at the sleezy  hotel   but it does not matter what you click on  the game sprite gives you just her catch phrase .This is  just  a  fast cash money grab    to take advantage of honey pop fansThe game also insults you in the process  as a jokeone of the first lines in the game is  this "" Lets be 100 % here this is the   olny interaction your getting with girls ""see picture linkhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=665138906Like the game  being repeted  the joke    About honey pop fans is repeted     the start of the sales pitch  for this game  the author warns you that this would not be great materal to  masturbate  ie fap tohttp://store.steampowered.com/app/426000/I do realise both of these are meant as a joke  but the joke is the same one . That you the purchaser of this gameare  a masturbating  pervert  who cant  talk to women and  are using this game to supliment female social interactionThe authors also describes  themselves as basment dwelling virgins in the video intro again same joke   much like this game it  is repeated.I will leave you to decide if you find    this joke when  the  authors of this game take your money funny or not .. As a clicker game it is ok. But not at  the  price being sold I recomend if you wish to  buy this game  wait till the sales price drop to one or two dollers  with the unorignial  voice samples and repeditive  nature of this game thats prety much all it is worth"
76561198032325631,Recommended,426000,22600899,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sinophile,"Despite it's relative simplicity and subject matter, this game ended up consuming my weekend.  If you enjoyed Huniepop, you'd  probably like this game too.  The artstyle is more ""cartoonish"" than Huniepop, and despite the synopsis, there is very little in terms of nudity or sex. Some still frames outline the labia, but that is pretty much it.A single game usually takes about an hour or two, during which your score is based on how many ""fans"" you've managed to recruit. There is a lot of depth when it comes to strategy; Huniecam is essentially a time/money management game. I personally would have preferred this game on my cell phone than my laptop, but I have not found a mobile version.All in all, well worth a few hours of entertainment and the 6 dollars I paid for it."
,Recommended,426000,22601258,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Katar,"In high school I took an entrepreneurship class. Essentially a class that teaches you how to set up and run a business. One of the lessons I learned was the amount of research and science companies put into small things that you normally don't think about. An example of this is in the colors companies use in their signs. When you see red your blood pressure increases, making you feel hungrier and more excitable in the process. Thus why a lot of food companies primarily use red in their logos and in advertising.This game follows none of that, only that you will fall into debt because you don't have enough chubby Latino girls."
,Recommended,426000,22601484,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Andy,"I wish I could put ""maybe"" instead of ""yes"" for recommendation. Because this game was enjoyable for me, but I can easily understand why other people might not like it. Other reviews compare the gameplay to Farmville, and call it a clicker game. Which I hadn't thought about while playing it, but I can agree with as descriptors.I expected and assumed I was enjoying the gameplay because of its label as being a business management game, but it was probably more due to that addictive quality clicker and Facebook games tend to have.The gameplay really doesn't get too complicated. There's not much time management involved, either. It's just making money and earning fans, but if you have any understanding of the mechanics it shouldn't be hard to at least stay afloat. Like I said, it acts like a Facebook or clicker game, so that's the bulk of the gameplay. Directing girls to do tasks that raise your various types of numbers. Each game is limited to 21 days, which I think is a good amont of time both because of the repetitive gameplay as well as ensuring there's a challenge.As for story, very little beyond what you can find out from the Steam page. You manage a group of girls earning money through sex work. There's also extremely limited expression in personality from the girls, save their little bio paragraph and whatever one-liners they say when you direct them to do tasks. And yet, I ended up being attached to and having preferences for specific girls, just because they were cute and how they sounded in those limited amount of lines. But, like, I'm just a huge lesbian so it's not like there needed to be much to make me like the girls. They're just all so cuuuuute. I played this game before I played HuniePop, so this game became my first impression of the 8 main HuniePop characters who are in HunieCam Studio.Of course, because of their functionality in HunieCam Studio, the HuniePop girls' personalities vary from a little to extremely different from HuniePop. If you're attached to how they were presented in HuniePop, this might be annoying, but like I said, HunieCam Studio is my first impression of them, so I don't actually care if they're different.I've seen some criticism of the art. It's heavily stylized, kind of has a part chibi, part cartoon thing going on. Personally I prefer this art style over HuniePop's. I think it's better done, too. I tended to notice anatomical errors in the HuniePop art, and overall it just didn't really do it for me. Again just a personal thing, but I found the girls cuter and more endearing with this art style than I did HuniePop's.So yeah. That's why I like it. I feel like I can be easily pleased though, and I don't find many reasons to dislike games most of the time. Maybe you won't like it though, if you don't like Farmville-type games or clicker games. Or if you're still on the fence, wait for a sale, because maybe $6.99 isn't quite worth it in that case."
,Recommended,426000,22599520,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,HeavenlyFatTaco,As Expected from the ones who made Huniepop. This game takes click games to a whole new level.
,Recommended,426000,22599778,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Velvet Elixir,"I quite enjoyed this game. It's a decent management sim that keeps you entranced until the time limit that it sets is up. I mean after you hit the 21 day limit it's pretty much pointless to keep going in that save; however, there is some repeatablity. The repeatablility that I find in the game is in the achievement hunting, outfit unlocking, and just trying to beat a personal high score. For some, that is not much, but I enjoyed it. Besides for the $6.99 that the game costs it's not bad."
76561198239546726,Recommended,426000,22600387,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,esquires2,It's fun and a good time killer if nothing else.
76561198162625905,Recommended,426000,22898970,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,kamenrider.tiki,"Not as good as their first game, but definatly fun.  hope to see more games from this developer"
76561198187566670,Recommended,426000,22891559,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,casperillion,a highly addictive time passer! characters are cute and the game doesnt stop being interesting for a very long time ^u^
,Recommended,426000,22802692,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Home oh sexual,It's like a dream come true!
,Recommended,426000,22365539,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,quackimapinecone,"Fun game, really addicting just like the original Huniepop. I just wish there were more rewards to spend coins on, like full art to unlock or something. Unlocking the outfits is my only motivation for playing you know? It's satisfying unlocking♥♥♥♥♥♥with the coins, and the better you do the more coins you get. So the more things you have to spend the coins on the better right?"
76561198083182147,Recommended,426000,22366486,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Zouralove123,It is not a traditional sequel to Huniepop. The game changes to a more idle and upgrade type of game. Unlike the first Huniepop however it doesn't have too much content. For example in the first Huniepop you could unlock more girls. While in this rendition you have a total of 20 girls all who are unlocked at the start. You only need to recruit them to unlock them which takes virtually no time or effeort on the player's part. Aside from some clothing there is not much you can unlock.However I would still recommend this game. Not to previous Huniepop players. I would recommend this as a casual distraction for a couple of hours or two. It not a bad game by anymeans (It can be quite diffcult if your not paying attenion). Its certainly not for everyone but if you are a fan of idle upgrade games this is a good game for you. I'd give this game a 6/10 not bad but not super deep.
,Recommended,426000,22535867,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tiara Kutchadikov,"This game is frustrating, you can still get fired when you have the money to get out of debt. You should be able to collect your money much faster. Other than that I give this game a 6/10"
,Recommended,426000,22529472,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gothikk,"Paid 7 bucks, honestly, I love it. It's a laid back game with some pervy bits to it. I mean i get why it has a Mature Rating, but there's not much, if any nudity, so if you're just looking for sexual gratification out of this, don't buy it. It's still pretty fun though. I'm kinda hooked on it and haven't put it down since i bought it a couple hours ago.tl:dr No nudity, fun clicker game that's laid back. Plus Kyu."
76561198143877333,Recommended,426000,22526365,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Brian,"My mom had to talk to me after I screamed ""You ♥♥♥♥ing syphilis ridden ♥♥♥♥♥"" 10/10"
76561198130824979,Recommended,426000,22528393,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,beth_reading,It wasn't what I was expecting.It could use more content.I still had a blast.
,Recommended,426000,22530247,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Zyuuei,"This game is ridiculous but in the best ways. The game itself is simple enough and mundane, and damn addictive. All the things you'd expect out of a clicker game with the hilarious notes of perv thrown in keeping it entertaining. NGL it was pretty fun screaming, ""FINALLY MY ♥♥♥♥♥ GOT HEPATITIS"" when I was grinding for achivements.If you like silly games to waste time with then this game might be for you.Obvious like everyone else already said, there's no real nudity and it's not a game to get off to. It's just a fun clicker game with adult themes and humor."
76561198160066784,Recommended,426000,22513678,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,HellhoundReaver,"Even though I've only played this game for 6 hours, I enjoy this game. It's fun and quirky. Yes. This is a cam girl game and there will be people who don't like the game simply for that reason, but if you can seperate your personal/political ideals and play this game as if it were a game, I think many would thoroughly enjoy it. Myself included. I look forward to playing more in the future and hope for DLC to come out."
76561198094833195,Recommended,426000,22514025,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lightninglarz56,HunieCam Studios my not be what you would expect to see but if you played huniepop and loved the girls you will love hem here to with a few news ones to love as well. It may not be like huniepop but dame this game is good for being so simple.
,Recommended,426000,22510285,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,FlamingHotHetro,"Honesty, Idk why the hell people are dissing this game. This is so much different then any management game I have ever played, sure it can be short but it still challenging if you want all the achivements. I'm still waiting for the boy Huniepop game, but hey this is worth it lol."
,Not Recommended,426000,22490289,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,chinadoll12,"Ok this is my first bad review for a game.1.  If you're expecting something as long playing as HuniePop, you're going to be sorely mistaken.  The game takes about 2 hours to play.  And for the cost of this game, I do not find it a good value2.  This game's only comparison to HuniePop are the same characters.  That's it.  But you dont get to know the characters like in HuniePop.  Its just a time management clicker game.3.  Was this game originally a mobile app?  It plays like a mobile game.  It has the short duration of a mobile game.Well I cant just speak poorly about a game, here are some things I actually liked about it1.  Mild challenge for a time managent game considering you only have a limited amount of time to reach a singular goal.2.  Tutorial is nice, you're not completely lost3.  You'll likely play this game multiple times attempting to get a high score.All in all, wait for this game to go on sale.  It might be worth it at a 2 dollar price point or less.  Unfortunately I had played for a few minutes too long and I'm not eligible to have this game refunded through Steam.  I would have refunded it had I known this game would be so devistatingly short."
76561198142223814,Not Recommended,426000,22563980,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SherbetWhale,It's addicting but it's very easy to figure out a strategy that gets you plenty of fans.I played until I unlocked all the outfits and then stopped because it doesn't have a lot of variety. Even unlocking the photos by buying all the oufits for all the girls feels pointless because it's just the loading screen pictures so it doesn't feel like you're achieving anything.Kyu becomes extremely annoying very fast because there are certain tutorials you can't skip. Watching your fan counter go up at the end of the level is also annoying because you can't skip it. Some of the voices are clearly reused from HuniePop.All in all it isn't a great game and sometimes comes across as a bit lazy or rushed.If you're like me and just want something to do with your hands while you listen to something else then it isn't too bad. But there are plenty of other simple games that don't take a lot of attention and can keep your attention for much longer.It isn't very expense so it isn't too much of a loss if you don't buy it. I just suggest spending your money somewhere else.
76561198208830940,Recommended,426000,23150358,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Weolson,Its great.... but the screen goes black after minutets of use. I can still hear everything but I can't see anything. Nothing goes corrupt or anything. I love the game and want to get that Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥yo. Please help.
76561198006598348,Recommended,426000,23198319,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SirGerribald,Well. its good
76561198105242175,Recommended,426000,23392055,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,The (D) in your (A),good :P and sexy
,Recommended,426000,23996006,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BellPrincess,"This game is too damn addictive, so just a fair warning on that. Also, you will not get the kind of play or scenes/pictures that you did in the first game. That was kind of a let down, but once I got past that and accepted that the game was completely different than the first, it's great. Some people may still not like it because you don't get the kind of imagery that the first game gave you. But I am in love with the new girls. Hope to have soemthing like the first game with them in it!"
,Recommended,426000,30853652,Posted: 31 March,all,Toffee,Best
,Recommended,426000,27334006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,acespace,*blows a kiss* for the strippers that i treated so poorly in order to make as much cash as humanly possible
76561198034904690,Recommended,426000,27314751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,clahja,Fast and easy clicker game. Nice time sink while waiting for something else.
,Recommended,426000,30932859,Posted: 3 April,all,Chaos,"HunieCam Studio isn't so much as a sequel to HuniePop but it's own stand alone game with familiar faces. Think Mario Kart vs Mario Party if that helps. Instead of dating a bunch of girls this time and solving puzzles to get into their pants you'll be managing their cam business as they get naked for fans (but not you). At first you might think the goal is to make as much money as posisble. However, it's all about building that fanbase. It has some replayability if you want to try and see if you can be succesful with latina girls instead of girls with huge♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you find the game too easy it also has Rock Hard Mode.Like HuniePop this is a good game when you want to play something, but at the same time don't want to be heavily invested. Waiting for an important phone call and don't want to get caught up in a game of Witcher or Bioshock but need to make time fly? HunieCam Studio is the game to play. Or just play it whenever it's honestly a fun little game and the girls are great.P.S. Nikki is still best girl, but Lilian is good too."
76561198112498771,Recommended,426000,22577675,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Bad Gambler,"Is good game.Fun little game with girls and stuff.You should probably not play this in front of your friends, but then again if you buy this game you probably had none to begin with.For a game thats supposed to be easy I'm too stupid to get a high score, but thats besides the point.Sarah is best girl, give her♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,426000,27362729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rich Hicks,This game is so weird.Yet it's the perfect game to play with youtube running in the background.
76561198067073182,Recommended,426000,30936318,Posted: 3 April,all,Juan Chutrifo,Greatness.
,Recommended,426000,27010754,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MainPhase,Best repeatedly click then stroke your♥♥♥♥♥♥game!
76561198092724595,Recommended,426000,26965716,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mysti,This game is so addicting I can't help but return to it every now and then. Still fun to play and the RNG challenges my strategy every once in awhile so that it never really bores me. Great game.
76561198090763878,Recommended,426000,26948492,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nezuml,love hoe
,Recommended,426000,27076737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,肉山,"Pros:Play one handedEasy on the eyesCons:Got carpal tunnelNeeds more characterstl;dr: A fun shallow game, that turned out better than expected."
,Recommended,426000,26346304,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,yokoshimana,"I love this game, its a fun mangement game at it's best with a time crunch. I can play it every day it's that addicting. Figuring out different ways to win was fun in itself. Diamond trophy is all work and no play! I just wish there were more achievements for this game.The characters are all funny and its a great game to get a laugh out of too, and some $$$$ if your a guy and into anime chicks i guess O.o"
,Recommended,426000,22682854,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,acecase,"Tbh, I had somewhat low expectations for this game. HuniePop is a favorite of mine, because of the art style, music, and addictive gameplay. I immedietely regretting the $7USD that this game cost me.Look at my playtime. Stare at that number. Let it sink in that an asexual female has wasted that much time with this game.It's no HuniePop, certainly, but I enjoyed the hell out of it. I pulled an all-nighter trying to get all of the achievements (which I still haven't quite managed). The character designs are cute. The voice acting can get a bit repetitive (and in the case of certain characters is flat-out annoying to begin with), but my fondness for the original Huniepop girls (and the relaxing background music) stopped me from muting my computer.Huniepot clearly cares about the games they make, and the love they put in makes me love them, as well. I don't think that everyone will agree with me that the game is worth $7 upfront, but considering how much time I have killed and will likely continue to kill in HunieCam Studio, I'd say that my money was well spent."
,Not Recommended,426000,22683065,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Fishbits,"Tedious, slow, a far cry from the studio's last game, not amusing, not visually interesting, and just plain not fun.Seriously, I wanted to give this game the benefit of a doubt, but wow. It's really just incredibly boring, at the core of it all."
76561198010243729,Not Recommended,426000,22611386,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,taslhoff,"If you've read other reviews you might see a recurring theme. This is a clicker game, probably more suited to being a smartphone app. The basic premise of the game is to get as many fans as you can within a 21 day period. To get fans you either set your girls up in the photobooth, or buy ads for certain ""tastes."" Girls will get more money per cam session if they have a higher amount of fans that fit which ""tastes"" they fall under. If you put a girl with the teen, and tattoo traits in the photobooth you will receive fans for those traits, which means those fans will boost the amount of money other girls make, that have those same traits. You hire girls on a rate according to their style level, and their comfortability doing naughty things on camera. Higher style means more fans per photoshoot, more comfortability behind the cam means more money per cam session. You can raise those levels, and consequently how much you'll pay them per hour, by having them spend time in the respective areas. While the goal is to get as many fans as possible, you have to do so while paying the girls you choose to hire, managing any addictions/habits (smoking/drinking) they have, and de-stressing them. If a girl is a smoker, or drinks just occasionally you have to keep a supply of cigarettes and alcohol. If that runs out the girls that smoke and/or drink will use more of their energy to do tasks. Girls that drink and/or smoke take less energy to do tasks while you have cigarettes and alcohol available, compared to girls that don't drink and smoke.The Clicker Part explained: When your girl(s) are done with a photoshoot it leaves fans to be collected there. You have to  click per each fan, or click and hold to collect those fans. You can use money to auto-collect every X amount of minutes, raise the amount of fans you collect each time you click/click-hold, and for other things as well. When your girl(s) are done with a cam session, money is left at that area which you must also collect if you want it to be useable. When your girl(s) finish spending time leveling up their style, those experience points are left at that area for you to collect if you want those experience points to actually go to that girl. When you send one of your girls to buy smokes, or alcohol, can you guess who has to click/click-hold to collect it? It's you. You may say ""Well, it's a clicker game, it's only reasonable that you are expected to click on things."" Sure, okay, but I forgot to explain one thing. In this clicker game you can speed  up the process it takes for a girl to do something if you click/click-hold on the area they are working in. That's the way these things work usually. Oh...but you can't speed up stuff if there is still stuff to collect in that area.I can almost bare with all of that, but the few reasons why I can't really recommend this game are mostly because as others have mentioned; there really isn't any depth to the game, it's very short, and currently there's no point in playing beyond the 21 days."
76561198114131331,Recommended,426000,22541785,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Captain Willkins,"i would like to see kyu, and the rest of the girls from huniepop as employable characters in this game. i ABSOULTELY love this game. :) 11 out of 10 if i could"
,Recommended,426000,22661218,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,aderyn12,Enjoyed :)
76561198257314783,Recommended,426000,22655149,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,tyoungmoney,Very simple concept but super addictive and time consuming.
76561198007503417,Not Recommended,426000,22630872,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Snow6262,"This is my first time writing a review (I use my boyfriend's account) and I would not recommend this game.  Let me start off by saying that I don't think I have ever played a ""tycoon"" game so I thought it would be fairly difficult.  With my first try I did fail by being in debt two days in a row but after that I beat the game in two hours.  Like most people I am very disappointed in the 21 day time limit as there doesn't feel to be a reason to mess around with the city after.  I played 3 times and on the third I got the bronze trophy but after that I had a sudden ""Meh why bother"" feeling at trying to get any other trophies.  I think that the only thing that pushed me to get the bronze was the fact I had paid for it. The game play, at first, feels fast pace as you try to balance making money with upgrades and investments but at some point it simply becomes mechanical (put her here, put her there).  Like most people I've played huniepop and loved it but I understand the developers desire to expand into other game catagories.  It's not a bad game it simply is a disappointing game.  I'm not talking about the art or the concept but simply the lace of incentive to replay more than a couple times, the singular goal that, once completed, you're done, no ifs ands or buts.  I wanted to be able to reccomend this game, but I can't."
,Recommended,426000,22590712,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,alexagoraphobia,I personally really enjoy this game. I would love to see more updates and girls though! Id like a camboy someday lol!
,Recommended,426000,22596059,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Arkanosius,"Before HunieCam I wanted to become a data scientist. I know now that I was so wrong, the right career path is to become what is the equivalent of a WebCam Pimp."
,Recommended,426000,22269139,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,OKIJIN,"Once I got the hang of it I couldn't stop. I wanted to keep the money coming and the fans flocking to their computers to see the girls. I love Huniepop and Huniecam is a nice addition to the Hunie series. It's not th emost complex and in depth Mangament game but for the fans of Hunie it's great. After my first session and getting the new outfits, I started right back up for another run."
,Not Recommended,426000,22265868,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Pantsu Senpai,You don't get to collect pantsu in this game 0/10
76561198009219045,Not Recommended,426000,22269590,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Marke007,"Hmm...was quite excited to give it a try since it was announced-expected more.I really WANTED to love the girls, the gameplay and the new artstyle, but the only plus i can find is the greater variety of girls in comparison to huniepop. But the girls are just shallow figures with no charisma, the edgy charme is missing.I can only stick to the guys that loved the old artstyle WAY more and were wishing for some developement of the girls character traits and bios.Hopefully devs will notice the reviews and give us what we deserve: Hunie Pop 2-with new girls, maybe some more possibilities, the fine sense of humour and a pint erotic, short: everything the cam studio is lacking"
,Recommended,426000,22270190,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,The Angry Otter,"Really fun game that I recommend to beginners in the ""management"" genre. Despite the subject matter, the game isn't graphic what with the cutesy art style, and the most ""naughty"" it gets is during the load screens, where you might see some cameltoe but that's about it. Huniepop is more up your alley if you're interested in something a little more raunchy, which honestly I recommend picking up anyway because that game's ridiculously fun."
76561197971090545,Recommended,426000,22258369,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Alexei,"Unlike the first game there is no nudity, but hey you were warned in the description. The game is solid and from what I can tell very well playtested, the 21 day soft cap is very well plased. Unfortunatly there is no point going past it execept for role playing.I feel that the diamond trophy is a bit easy to reach at 100k in the later playthroughts but reaching a good high score is still a challenge, got 200k but have a feeling you could try and get 250-300k. Feel it is a bit luck based if you want to go alot past 100k thought.Overall a good strategy game with a fun and interesting theme."
,Not Recommended,426000,22265024,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Nafarious,"The game is a bit shallow and seems to get boring over time. It took my 3 hours of gameplay to do 2 playthrough and by the second one I felt I had accomplished 99% of the game. The only reason left to play it is out of boredom and the hunt for all outfits and hairstyles. I feel that this game definitely pales in comparison to its predicessor. It does feel like a very polished clicker game but seems like a waste of $6 to me. This is coming from someone who had 100% completion on the original game and loved it. I was very much looking forward to this, however I can now unfortunately say that, no I would not recomend this to anyone."
76561198027263797,Recommended,426000,22262754,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pedro Behr,I recommend this only if you want to play a time / resource management clicker.  Its an alright game probably better if you get it for less than 5 dollars.  Ill only give it a thumbs up because I got my enjoyment and I know it will rub off on some idiot who gets triggered by these games.
76561198000357199,Not Recommended,426000,22264523,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Tzeentch (PL),"LIttle of managing, mostly just repetitive clickin..."
76561198052188171,Recommended,426000,22253278,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,High Queen Chaos Cupcake,"It's a 7 Euro game. You can easily get an afternoon of playtime out of it, trying to get a high score, It's a clicker and management game and doesn't have much depth to it. It's fun if you want to waste a bit of time and want a ""snack"" waiting for HuniePop 2 if that ever comes out.For that price, an evening or afternoon and maybe a play session every couple of days for a little while is all you going to get out of it and I personally think that it's just fine. It supports the Dev's, shows them that their work is appreciated and liked. They could've done tons of things better with this game, but for 7 Euro its completely fine.Get it on a sale and you can't go wrong at all. Don't buy it on impulse though, if you don't know HuniePop then play that one instead if you're into novels and match-3. If you liked HuniePop and just want something to do with the HuniePop Paint-Job on it, then get this if you have an hour or two to spare."
,Not Recommended,426000,22529118,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Hentai Hime,"Hey Maa, look at me now!I run my own business........,,,,,Definitely a fun management based game, with some qt ladies in the adult industry.Filled with previous babes from HuniePop and other new babes too!I mean, if you like management games and babes then yeah why not?"
,Recommended,426000,25034301,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SlothJade,"Absolutely love this game, I would love more as it is so addictive :) i would definitely recomend to people :)"
76561198181407054,Recommended,426000,25026759,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,IPlaySkyrimAndLoveIt98,"I bought this game because someone dared me to play it, and honestly I enjoy it more than I probably should. I would say it's DEFINITELY worth the money, and I will definitely be recommending it to all my friends! It's definitely earned a spot in my small list of favorite games that I enjoy regardless of who they were originally marketed towards."
76561198069896207,Recommended,426000,24945187,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Fireunboxings,It's a really fun point and click type game it works pretty well with the steam controller Or mouse
76561198007796334,Recommended,426000,24921329,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Hawkeye,"If you're looking for Huniepop 2.0 or anything similar to Huniepop you won't find it here (past some of the girls being reused).That said it is a very nice little package, solid (clicker) tycoon game well worth a pickup especially if you enjoyed Huniepop."
76561198067510922,Recommended,426000,24993896,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,karrenn,game is addictive for obvious reasons without being so lude that youre ashamed of playing it. its fun
76561198023774074,Recommended,426000,27956165,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FlipFly,"Wrist Crunching, Finger Tip Numbing, Forehead Slapping, Quick Fix Machine!Fun for the evening time. A Game can be finished in less than an hour, so be ready to play a few. Easy enough to be casual. Enough eye candy to be intriguing.Fun Stuff!"
,Recommended,426000,22365206,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kristina,"Cons:No nudity, just tease photos.Unlockable characters from previous game not included.I really enjoyed this game. It was addictive, like Hunie Pop, but for different reasons. It is a really engaging resource/time management game. Even though I have already beaten the game 100%, I still can't stop playing it. I wish there was more to do in it. Even though the cast of characters was bigger, I still felt like they could have included more. More characters, costumes and photos would have been great unlockables. Thankfully, Rockhard mode is out. I hope these guys continue the Hunie franchise. Despite my minor gripes, I liked this more than Hunie Pop. And I love Hunie Pop."
,Recommended,426000,27856956,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TatiBot,Bought this because it was really cheap one day and now im addicted to it. Super simple yet so fun. Also it has♥♥♥♥♥♥ so yeah. GG
76561198189712126,Recommended,426000,27858116,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Junks,"Fun, cheap and filthy.  It's basically a management clicker about the nudie industry! You have a lot of new girls to pick from as well as the girls from HuniePop, outfits to collect for each and a challenging enough money making sim.I didn't like it as much as HuniePop game-wise but still found it very enjoyable to pass the time.Note that it doesn't have as many boobs though, so time spent idling the game wasn't as long."
,Recommended,426000,27886076,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Phazyphoton,I found this to be surprisingly fun. Worth picking up for the price.
,Recommended,426000,27343775,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✘ Sir Epic Antz ✘,Most misleading video for a game in history. =D
,Recommended,426000,27798798,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Roblox boi,if you like cam girls and porn you will likt this one spicy boi
,Recommended,426000,27533140,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lime'ricko,"""You trully are the master of putting girls on buildings. A skill that has no value in the real world."""
,Recommended,426000,27536945,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,affection erection,This game made me consider changing careers to become a pimp. Too real. 10/10
76561198063522281,Recommended,426000,27457471,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ravoria,7.8/10 too much watersports -IGN
,Recommended,426000,27627471,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Paul Narukami #FireEmblemHeroes,My perfect kind of simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,426000,28247966,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheAtomicSparrow,I'm slightly ashamed of how much I play this. Crazy addictive.
,Recommended,426000,28088842,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Equinoxx,"Lots of fun to play. Until your favorite top earning cake-farting bondage fetish girl gets uncurable AIDS and is too depressed to do anything.Nope, still fun. Sideline that chick and recruit someone better. :^)"
,Recommended,426000,24311182,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Freeman1255,"Similarly to the ""Hunie"" franchises first entry Huniepop, I initally bought this game for pure laughs with little actual game ""parts""to it or substance expected (or should I put it sex-pected), but shockinglyn this game is actually challenging and an interesting approach to the tycoon genre while adding in a dash of huniepop's self referential/degrading to the person playing the game kind of humor, growing up with the sims and lego land style tycoon games and sim city I figured this was going to be huniepop again with just dirty pictures and a tycoon theme. But the game suprisingly has more content and more to think about (with the head on your shoulders mind you)The game often makes you have to plan out what you do as you go along? do you stock up on plenty of supplies and accesories to minimalize stress and maximize a girls potential? do you try to get rich quick trying russian rouletee with stds? or do you merely try to get as much cash as possible and see how popular your cam girls become?This is far from the greatest game and this is far from a game I would want EVERYONE to pick up, however, for what the game is overall and  with a suprising bit of unexpected thinking and addictive gameplay, mixed in with a good ammount of humor and no fan service (sorry dirty punks, no fapping) this game feels as though this game can be picked up cheap for a few laughs as well as a game that would be fun just to pass time with or do runs of a few times just to see how well you do"
,Recommended,426000,28564033,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Serious Table,"A high-quality and engaging business sim with that HuniePop implied lewd twist to it. The game itself is short; full playthroughs of the ""main story"" can be completed in a couple of hours, but it's challenging enough that you'll want to come back to try and beat your previous score.Really very charmed by this game! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,426000,30983643,Posted: 6 April,all,Trading daughter for Goat,"I enjoyed this game, it's a good time waster and has good management elements to it with a basis on improving who you have working for you in a number of different ways. There is a feature where finding better girls means they smoke and drink, which is where you need to then have an up keep of cigarettes and alcohol to keep the girls workng for you.I like management games and this is no exception, it's fun and is a good waste of time so I will rate it 7/10."
76561198064103129,Recommended,426000,28619060,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Parsnipmaster,I think this game is great. Not as good as the original but a fun game to tide any fan over until the next game
,Recommended,426000,28548315,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Virgin Mary,this really butters my biscuit
76561198219056896,Recommended,426000,28340041,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,fightgamer6,I think it's a fun game that you can either be a good time killer that you spend less than an hour on when you play it like me or spend hours on it like other people I know. The concept is simple you have girls you pretty much pimp out to camera studios or sleazy motels if you want that CHA CHING!(make sure you have a condom when you do that) it's just a lot of fun and for less than 10 bucks it's money well spent. Also just my opinion but Nikki is best girl.
,Recommended,426000,28203439,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,sea witch,10/10 would play again while quickly lowering computer volume and telling others i'm actually playing something completely different ;)
,Recommended,426000,28064882,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wulven,"So stressful!! This is my dream job, but managing these girls makes me want to join them drinking and smoking! There should be a speed setting or something, it's just going too fast... The artwork is not really as good as HuniePop, although the voice acting is great. Replayability is low because once you've been through it 2 or 3 times there's not really much point playing again. Would be nice if the game could keep going with more months and bigger goals, new places unlocked etc. Why does it basically stop after 21 days? Still, this is a great little game and a must play for HuniePop fans."
,Recommended,426000,27910860,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,http://www.twitch.tv/jeimarzeth,I loved this game so much. As equal as I loved HuniePop. I give this game a 10/10.
,Recommended,426000,27915085,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜLeito333AKA๖ۣۜNinJa,I Max Out Everything And Still Playinn and Don't Know Why ; >
,Recommended,426000,28846392,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mudgie0205,"HAHAHA!FIRSTLY:I picked this game up recently for £2.49 (about $3-4 if I'm correct)It isn't targeted at children, obviouslyGood voice actingBeautiful art style, colourful/vibrantGAMEPLAYHunieCam Studio is a fun little time passer.Management of girls is fairly simple. However, I failed the business a few times whilst getting the hang of the mechanics so it takes getting used to if you don't experiment like i shouldve done.The payroll system works on a daily basis. At 12AM, the girls get paid, automatically or manually. Time advances 15 in-game minutes every 3 realtime minutes. Clicking (hold or spam) on an assigned building reduces their time until completion by 15 in game minutes, which helps with earning more money/increasing skills before the girls get their paymentIt's a cool mechanic, but can get annoying early on in the game because wages per hour for the girls range from $1, $2, $4, $8, $16, $32, $64, $128, $256. As you can imagine, money can become a problem during early gameplay.Each task's time to completion increases based off girls' skills, starting from 15 minutes up to a permanent time of 11/12 hours. 11-12 hours are for staff recruitment, which seems logical considering that you can profit greatly with more staff at hand.GRAPHICSYes, of course, there's sexual content. That means there has to be some sort of 8===D (|)    , right?WRONG!The sexual contents in this game are just near nude character sprites and the use of text and sprites referring to different fetishes (yes, there are vibrators and cakes ;) ). That's just about it.Even though this game isn't and should never be given to a child to play, its mechanics and appearance sure is suitable. With the exception of the sprites and language, of course. But, hey. If you want a more child-friendly management game, go for Game Dev Tycoon ;)CONCLUSIONThis game provides a short amount of entertainment, but in a fun way. Who doesn't want a porn sim? ;)FunCheapGreat for time consumption like travelling, or to satisfy your perverted desires ;)"
,Recommended,426000,29133990,Posted: 8 January,all,drone110266,Very simple but very fun little sim game.
,Recommended,426000,28745446,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Magma7,Fun game
,Recommended,426000,28884091,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HRLAA⚜,That's game it's awesome
,Recommended,426000,28880309,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MsBauce,Got it for dope♥♥♥♥♥dick trophies. Only two more to unlock after a day of playing. Best three bucks I have ever spent.
,Recommended,426000,29034217,Posted: 5 January,all,Gamer Gengar,Each play through takes about 2 hours. As long as you dont spoil the game for yourself by looking up a guide you'll have a great time. I still havent got the top trophy yet XD
,Recommended,426000,22263877,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,maybe 10%,"I initially wrote a review about how it didn't fulfill the same expectations as other idle games (Clicker Heroes; AdVenture Capitalist...), but in revision (third complete playthrough now complete; more to go) I'm having more fun than I did right at the start.The difficulty curve is a bit... disrupted. Don't be discouraged by failing, as once you've got the mechanisms of play down, it's quite functional. Gameplay leaves some things to be desired, but I'm enjoying it nonetheless. Wouldn't mind the tutorials if they were more skip-friendly; given multiple mandatory attempts for completion.Probably has about three times the amount of micromanagement this sort of game deserves, it's a ticket to carpal tunnel.Try it :3"
,Recommended,426000,28999940,Posted: 4 January,all,Cold Summer,a nice time killer addictive game 100000/100000 i love it so much~! please make more hunie games~~~ i hope to see a new one coming soon~~
76561198199678850,Recommended,426000,28991095,Posted: 3 January,all,Dracogenius250,"fun tycoon game with rewards for multiple plays. The girl in the tutorial made a remark about this being my closest thing to woman interaction, I would have protested were it not true. Well played, Devs."
,Recommended,426000,28780551,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lucky78lauren,Made me seriously consider an alternative job as a pimp - then realized that it's not as easy as a point-click game and there's such a thing as the law.I make a good virtual pimp tho.Brother is so proud of me.10/10 - challenging but fun
76561198085580695,Recommended,426000,28747968,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nestea,"Awesome game, it's just good clean fun. There isn't really any hardcore nudity or anything, just humour and good clicking strategy, Super fun game!"
76561198212135688,Recommended,426000,28783224,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Maverickhunter6,"I won't lie it's not that good of a game it's a pretty bare bones game with little variety, but I would still say pick up if it's on sale"
76561198066202333,Recommended,426000,29104873,Posted: 7 January,all,Canadian Hobbit,"Horribly addictive game, it had me hooked for hours when I frist bought it. Not normally a clicker game fan, but this has some fun art and music that has me mesmerized every time I start it up, and although it does have me feeling guilty at times It's too sweet when I get a new outfit for one of my girls! Recomend it for anyone who wants a simple game to pass time."
,Recommended,426000,29242454,Posted: 14 January,all,styl,Nice♥♥♥♥
76561198084579931,Recommended,426000,30024214,Posted: 18 February,all,Valsei,It started as a joke then became an addiction.10/10 Kyanna Bottom ♥♥♥♥♥ again.
,Recommended,426000,30059663,Posted: 20 February,all,BrawlyWhiteWolf,Not a bad little game to pass the time. It required more thought and strategy than one would expect and the smart♥♥♥♥♥nature of the narrator and a few of the girl made for some really funny moments. If you are interested in checking out gameplay check out my links to my Diamond D Challenge videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFxioQFNXToor my follow up 154days later... DD Party videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms2ojsZwWL4&index=13&list=PLT1GEWIkasIWQ7DH4_x5tEHhRP3CUpBgE
76561198196483990,Recommended,426000,30020287,Posted: 18 February,all,thijmn,"it's fun playing it the first few times, but after you got all the achievments it kind of gets really repetitive"
76561198366865927,Recommended,426000,30040021,Posted: 19 February,all,Beanie and Bezzy,Hilarious fun and very addictive. Cool style and well worth the money.
76561198044043154,Recommended,426000,30050679,Posted: 19 February,all,MitchieDBBC,"It's a cool game, but I could only play it for a little while until my game decided not to work anymore.I like the idea of it and the humor of it, but for some reason my score displays 1,000,000 and I haven't been able to remedy the situation no matter how many times i un/reintalled the game.I recommened it, but I have mixed feelings about a game I can't readily play"
,Recommended,426000,30055723,Posted: 20 February,all,Azurulia,"HunieCam was an interesting experince. First off. becaouse it is the first of this sort of game I have ever played. (Clicky Micromanaging.) Second, the very adult theme was certainly different, yet somehow refreshing being so unfiltered; and lastly, holy-hot-mintue is your boss a ♥♥♥♥♥!This was so far out from my usual genere of gaming, it crash landed on Jupitor. However dispite that, I found I legitiably enjoyed this game. Quite a bit actually. It was both fun and funny interacting with the girls and sending them on jobs. Such as making the girl who least fit into your ""Focused Fetish League"" the errand ♥♥♥♥♥ to buy cigs and booze for all the real♥♥♥♥♥shakers. Then there was my personal favorite of making the girl I liled least into a total ♥♥♥♥♥; pimping her out to escort at the local sleezy hotel for a quick buck.That is, whenever I could be sure she wouldn't get aids from it. Her whiny♥♥♥♥♥should be happy I made sure she had protection every time.Personally, I give the game an 8.5/10. I would have given it a 9, but considering your boss doesn't pay you to do any of this, I won't give her the satisfaction of a 9. But seriously, no matter your reason for thinking about giving this game a try, I can garunteed that you will learn at least one thing from playing this game.That pimp'n ain't easy."
,Recommended,426000,30064049,Posted: 20 February,all,TheLeer,"You can play this with one hand...Anyways, it's a fun little management game where you assign cam girls to buildings to gather resources.You got to be quick, as there's things to worry about such as, deadlines and energy for the girls.Cute and adult artwork in the gameplay and the loading screen.Would recommend!"
76561198161799618,Not Recommended,426000,30010331,Posted: 18 February,all,forcefieldkid,"Man, this is a tedious game with very little to offer.Was kinda upsetting to see HunniePop characters reused here in this pretty dank setting.On its face its a nice idea, though it just feels like you can never slow down and enjoy the game, plan or build in a way you want to see from tycoon genre games.Have to finish the game to begin to unlock stuff, and then play again? Yeah, nah, thanks though.I hope they take my money and make HP2 the legendary game it deserves to be with it."
,Recommended,426000,22281111,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Zeione,"It's a silly, fun, glorified clicker. If you liked Huniepop and it's sense of humor and/or the risque bits of it, you probably won't be disappointed. It isn't Huniepop 2 like some people apparently wanted it to be, but it definitely isn't a let down."
76561198364923089,Recommended,426000,31054446,Posted: 9 April,all,G4T1T4_L4UR3N,fun
,Recommended,426000,29581360,Posted: 30 January,all,Princemousey,Super fun and not too difficult! 10/10
,Recommended,426000,29330316,Posted: 17 January,all,Jinx Quinzel,I can finally be the pimp of my dreams.
76561198108015721,Recommended,426000,29375018,Posted: 20 January,all,NegroJewHD,fun fun game i really could not stop playing it
76561198220115492,Recommended,426000,29346078,Posted: 18 January,all,yukixkai13,"Ran fine on my old laptop. Which wasn't as strong as my desktop. I installed it on my desktop, played for a few minutes, and the next time I tried the title page came up but none of the buttons would work. The title screen is animated, but none of the buttons work not even the exit button. There is no music playing. I don't know what is going on with this but if devs could take a look and see what the deal is I'd be most grateful. I loved this game it was fun and catty but if it remains unplayable I will respectfully and politely ask for a refund. Please and Thank you"
,Recommended,426000,29500040,Posted: 26 January,all,auragamie,This game is so greatly messed up and wrong on so many levels XDDefinitley worth the time to run a business of bad women to do dirty things.:p
,Recommended,426000,29472533,Posted: 24 January,all,ebet_amber,35 hours and finally I got my diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥8====D---------:)But seriously if you like tycoon like games and watching your imaginary sex money go up this is for you.
76561198086724455,Recommended,426000,31022065,Posted: 8 April,all,Vixolet,"It's simple and easy to learn, while still being challenging.Definitely a good time waster and you can win♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies."
,Recommended,426000,29663748,Posted: 2 February,all,Fudge Rippler,Yep
,Recommended,426000,29893800,Posted: 12 February,all,AndytheApe,"Couldn't stop playing this game, They should create some other modes so i can keep improving my skills."
76561198052532897,Recommended,426000,29897215,Posted: 13 February,all,Cursey the Cursed of the Curse,"After like... 15 hours of playing, i think i now know what it's like to be a pimp. Stressing the hell out while putting the girls in an escorting house and giving them STDs, aswell as the money problems 24/7, cuz' i haven't gotten out of the red yet still... Overall, chibi kawaii desu girls made me happy, especially Audrey and Lillian, cuz' they were depressing af... Oh, and i turned them into furries. 69/10, would disappoint my parents again."
,Recommended,426000,29939558,Posted: 15 February,all,cuppy,"If you like Diner Dash type games (lots of clicking and goals), this is a great new style of that. HuniePop is sort of the ""prequel"" game to this, meaning the characters this game has are introduced and fleshed out in this game. HuniePop is a bejewled type of game + dating sim, and HunieCam has sort of a small bit of the dating sim aspect (you pick the girls to use, and with rewards choose wardrobe). This is a fun game if you like the things above. If you aren't down with 1) lewd topics like STD's, escorts, drug use, cam girls, alcohol/cigarettes, sex toys...or 2) waifu/anime culture where women are ""objectified"" ... then you probably won't like this.10/10 for me. This game definitly has a type, though."
76561198316634796,Not Recommended,426000,29878432,Posted: 12 February,all,brumleychuck,"HUNNIE CAMThis game is ok but not as good as the game ""Hunnie Pop"". For one thing the artisic value does not compare as in Hunnie Pop. Hunnie Cam is somewhat boring but it does have challenge value to it in game play. Honnie Pop had more Character interaction. I do enjoy playing Hunnie Cam but only for short periods of time. Maybe I should spend more time at it in order to gain some more enjoyment out of it. I should try to excercise more different stratagey  so that little snot would not fire me all the time. I may change my outlook on Hunnie Cam on a later date and then write positive review."
,Recommended,426000,29875687,Posted: 12 February,all,Meme Slut,Didn't think this would be addicting. I don't know why I'm addicted.
,Recommended,426000,29878233,Posted: 12 February,all,CoffeeGamer,"Through my life, I've always wanted to be one thing. A Pimp. so when I saw this game, it was like a dream come true. Thanks to HunieCam Studios, I can finally be a Pimp/studio opperator. I'm so happy.In all seriousness, the game is pretty fun. I love games that are like this, IE time management/store management and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to do some things and manage everything properly, but oh whaaaaale.69/10, would be a pimp again"
,Recommended,426000,29935075,Posted: 14 February,all,☝,"I don't know how this got on the computer mom, I swear."
,Recommended,426000,29052785,Posted: 5 January,all,Miss Kessy,"Love this game. A short, casual game with quite a bit a humour and great graphics."
76561198084316166,Recommended,426000,28850232,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Secret Goldfish,Not like HuniePop but doesn't advertise it to be. It's really addictive until you unlock all the achievments and new outfits and hair styles for the girls. Has heaps of re-playability and is great to play if you have an hour and a half to kill. Would have liked some more outfit/hair choices or for them to be a bit harder to unlock but that's just me. The adition of ultra hard mode also gives it more re-playability.
76561198385390752,Recommended,426000,31553933,Posted: 4 May,all,Midnightraven92,Its a good quick time waster if you want to get in and out quick without any real commitment.
,Recommended,426000,31565344,Posted: 5 May,all,kiras_last_light,"I didn't expect to get super into this game but it was worth a try since it's a cheap game. The story mission is extremely short, After the 21 days (i don't remember how long the dead line was)  I wish it had a mission to reach A different goal within 21 more days. But after an hour or so of playing its pretty much over. You can start over and over again to get new trophies or new outfits for the characters. I guess you make your own goals, but everything starts over completely like you haven't played for 2 hours already. So after the main gameplay is achieved there is still a lot of unlockables to acquire before you fully ""beat"" the game. Enjoyable and relaxing, cute game other than what its about."
,Recommended,426000,31618445,Posted: 7 May,all,OverBerserk,"My favorite management game at the moment. Pretty funny, fun, and challenging. Also includes adorable/hot 2D art. Definitely worth the money."
76561198067922822,Recommended,426000,31639130,Posted: 8 May,all,Yudashuehue,Es lo más cercano que estaré de ser un proxeneta profesional. 10/10
76561198177901389,Recommended,426000,31658070,Posted: 9 May,all,oh worm?,gotta work for a decent pair of anime tiddieseven though you could just find it on google imageso-oh well...
76561198002174953,Recommended,426000,31784086,Posted: 16 May,all,Auraion,"Sooo... they go from puzzle game to buisness management simulator.Unlike the previous game there's quite a bit more distance between you and the girls. Where the last one focused on individuals with the date puzzles, this one has you working behind the scenes... scenes you never really get to see... *curses foiled again* there are pictures to unlock though, so you have those if you're interested but ultimately it's much more tame than the first game in the series.Your goal is to get as many viewers in your 21 day period as manager. It's easy to forget in your scramble for money, but it's the fans that are the most important aspect of the game, you've gotta take advantage of the traits girls share and balance their time between filming and photography.Over all the game isn't a bad one, I enjoyed playing it until I unlocked all the girls and their outfits, but ow to my mouse button. You'll spend a lot of time clicking away like a cookie clicker to make the time in the game pass faster. Definitely gets a solid 7 of 10."
,Recommended,426000,31857824,Posted: 20 May,all,lopiky1,"This isn't a game for erotic scenes, its more for sexual jokes and once you know that the game is very entertaining :3"
76561198021993866,Recommended,426000,31877402,Posted: 21 May,all,XXXRivfruifvion,Aiko is bae. That's all there is to it.
76561198021170865,Recommended,426000,31888884,Posted: 21 May,all,Cerebrate Runner3453,Basically run your own verision of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,426000,31931385,Posted: 24 May,all,Satania's Slave.,This game is perfection.i rate audrey 7/10 ~ besto waifu.
,Recommended,426000,29476436,Posted: 24 January,all,Sue,GG ♥
,Recommended,426000,32118661,Posted: 1 June,all,hisserbee,"TLDR: This game is solid and I would recommend it if you super like the management genre, but if you loved HuniePop, this will definitely not satisfy that itch.Personally this is not my favorite genre of game. I think the art style is cute, though not as good as HuniePop. I like the concept of the game, and it's pretty fun to assign kinks to your girls and try to keep them from getting STDs. The game loop itself is pretty short, it only takes 1-2 hours to do a complete runthrough. My biggest issue with the game is that it is actually pretty challenging to get the top trophy and the harder achievements, but the game mechanics themselves are not super fun in my opinion, probably because this is not my favorite genre."
,Recommended,426000,32096637,Posted: 31 May,all,MakotoIsBestWaifu,There is nothing better then spending almost two whole days unlocking all the achievements. That and the art style is super cute! Whats not to love ;P 5/7 Perfect score!
,Recommended,426000,32224905,Posted: 6 June,all,MobbBoss08,This game is great and pretty frikin challenging.And before u say anything[No i didn't buy it cuz its got nudity or f'ed up items and crap items.]I bought it cuz it looked really challenging and i saw and was impressed buy some gameplay of it.I watched a youtuber i like play it and i said screw it and bought it.i reccomend it if u like a challenge and or your into tycoon games.
,Recommended,426000,32214084,Posted: 5 June,all,Sktizohousecat,"They say lightning doesnt strike twice and thwy would be wrong when it comes to the games from this company!!!! This game is a sexy RTS that makes me really consider getting into the field of pimpin hoe's. All you you would really need is a few girls with daddy issues and a slight dependecy to substances, make them think you care about them and BOOM! Call me pimp daddy Kane!!! but serisouls if iever get 100,000♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i would be so happY!  9/10 would recomend for anyone looking to kill two hous easy! Needs nudity patch, cause i can only use my ingacination for so much."
76561198334983309,Recommended,426000,30086553,Posted: 21 February,all,seconds2wait,loved this game really fun and a great thing to pass time
76561198043295880,Recommended,426000,32310398,Posted: 10 June,all,EhDubb,"It's a fun, simple management game polished to a mirror shine. It's the best management game of this level I've ever played.And real quick, I'm pretty sure the ""Nudity"" tag was added by someone who didn't actually play the game. Unless there's a gallery I haven't found, there's nothing more than profile photos and suggestive loading screens. Nothing you want your parents to see, but not exactly fap material either.This is NOT Huniepop 2, and the art style is ugly to my eyes.And it's not entirely obvious the first time through that your objective is to get as many Fans as possible, not money, by the end of the 21st day. But you DO need money to keep your operation afloat, and train your girls up to earn more money and fans per visit to the studio, and run to the corner store to make sure your smokers or drinkers don't exhaust their stash. There are actually more clever little mechanics than you'd expect from this game and it all comes together into a nice experience with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy at the end. You can finish a runthrough in one sitting without much trouble, too.It's a nice game with lewd tones, not much more to say."
76561198281756135,Recommended,426000,32268964,Posted: 8 June,all,Salt Lord,"Its like being a pimp, but Kyu pimp smacks you instead of you dispensing the pimp slap"
,Recommended,426000,32345929,Posted: 11 June,all,Ninjassassin911,Great game if you enjoy a clicker game based around sexually active women. Fun game though.
,Recommended,426000,32638458,Posted: 22 June,all,Delifresh,"interesting spin-off, and is worth it if you like click farm games and/or liked the character design of huniepop."
,Recommended,426000,22662514,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,🌸 かわいいヤンデレ｜闇の王女™ 💜,Today I learned how to become a virtual entrepreneur specializing in pornography and micromanaging a business that didn't require 2-4 years of business or pimping school.
,Recommended,426000,32857601,Posted: 27 June,all,❤✿ AGhostNamedBlu ✿❤,"Adult web-cam industry tycoon, very cute art style."
76561198109886365,Recommended,426000,22420079,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bear Queen,"As a fan of manegement games, I can't really complain about this game at all. I also enjoyed the art style, of course it's not the ""original"" HuniePop style, but I still really like it.The only thing that bothers me are some achievements that one can unlock in this game. 2 of them are based on luck, but I guess that's just me being unlucky haha."
,Recommended,426000,32791137,Posted: 25 June,all,Queen of Corns,so addicting..
,Recommended,426000,32877476,Posted: 27 June,all,Nekomancer,Now I can fill my profile with♥♥♥♥♥♥achievements 10/10
76561198154370768,Recommended,426000,32946089,Posted: 28 June,all,mercygrim96,"This is the best time waster of my life. The art is cute, the girls are cute, the fairy is as funny as always. I have earned all my trophis and am now going for all the achievements. Get it while it's on sale, it's worth the couple bucks."
,Recommended,426000,32944574,Posted: 28 June,all,N A E V V Y S,I don't even like the porn side of the game. I just genuinely think it's fun.
,Recommended,426000,32941071,Posted: 28 June,all,Luân Phạm,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ But only 16+ tho....
,Recommended,426000,32984429,Posted: 29 June,all,HappySpoonie,"Its just a clicker but its crazy addictive! Playing for the best♥♥♥♥♥♥trophy, haven't gotten past gold yet. Highly reccomend though I suggest for future updates the girls come with individual mute buttons. I'm looking at you Audrey, you♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,426000,32938705,Posted: 28 June,all,Kate,"Surprisingly a fun game, I remember the reviews for this game when it first came out, everyone was annoyed that it's basically a mobile game on PC, and there was less porn in comparison to the first game.Just because it has the same characters from a previous game doesn't mean it's going to be exactly the same, or even a sequel... The studio obviously wanted to do something different and this is what we got.BUTdon't let that stop you from getting the game. I only bought it cause it was on sale and I like Huniepop so I figured 'eh why not?'And to be honest, I wasn't really disappointed at all. It's a fun game with an interesting premise, what makes the game so fun is creating strategies to beat your own score, Like Huniepop this game has it's own gimmicky, side. In Huniepop it was a 'Bejeweled'  'Dating Sim', this one is like a mix of a 'Cow-clicker' and 'Sim City' style micro-management. Be reassured it's NOT the type of game that you will leave and come back to later, it requires your full attention pretty much throughout the duration of playing a game.Art style wise, yes it is a bit different to Huniepop, this game's art style is a little like 'Power Puff Girls' meets 'Bratz Dolls' except they're more s e x e d up and provocative...But, if you're playing for porn, this isn't really for you."
,Recommended,426000,32967215,Posted: 28 June,all,YaoiPrincess,tfw coke doesn't make you go at 2x speed irl :C
,Recommended,426000,32968228,Posted: 28 June,all,Space King,"Very good.If you wanted another dating sim or to watch the girls perform cam shows, you are SOL sadly.Still a pretty fun game"
,Recommended,426000,32827388,Posted: 26 June,all,Milen,Surprisingly fun and addictive.
76561198064705445,Recommended,426000,32827520,Posted: 26 June,all,The entire population of Sweden,People will judge you10/10
,Recommended,426000,32847429,Posted: 27 June,all,White Vans,"ummm... well... not sure what I was expecting, but it kept me for 2 hours straight, so not bad.../10"
76561198341196088,Recommended,426000,32843985,Posted: 26 June,all,fujingchen5,"This game is quite addicted in first, then after unlock all the trophy, feel so lonely. Hope the game developer can make more interesting game. I wont feel sad if really need to pay for it.Thanks HuniePot !"
76561198159623903,Recommended,426000,32836127,Posted: 26 June,all,Deezlar,"It is a simple game. It will keep you entertained for a few hours but it hasn't really got a replay value. If you can buy it at a 75% discount like I could that's ok. For the time I played it it's definetly worth the 1,75 euros I spend on it."
,Recommended,426000,25695923,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Gabbi Elle,"honestly the humor in this game isn't that funny to me, and i was embarrassed to buy a game that's based around Huniepop of all things, but this is oddly addicting, I had a lot of fun playing this"
,Recommended,426000,32919957,Posted: 28 June,all,Mom making a difference,"I love this game.I usually hate time management sims, but this.. this is beautiful!I'm incredibly lesbian and I love these girls!! The art is outstanding!!The voices, personalities, and styles are all so unique, it's unbelievable.Basically, if you want to get your mind off of things, look at pretty ladies and manage their hookery."
,Recommended,426000,32904997,Posted: 27 June,all,Maybach,"Not a lot of content in this game, its a tycoon like game where you manage cam ♥♥♥♥♥ and try to get 75k fans in the matter of 21 days.Pretty barebones but i love HuniPotDev and HuniePop (sequel is in development), glad to support them anytime"
,Recommended,426000,30565925,Posted: 17 March,all,skinless,lack of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and puss puss makes me sad
76561198353723638,Recommended,426000,33106452,Posted: 1 July,all,Sharky Boy,really addicting
,Recommended,426000,33138104,Posted: 2 July,all,Hanamaru Zura,Best Game Ever
76561198025224055,Recommended,426000,33207499,Posted: 3 July,all,r8ndomdragon,this game is spellblindingly addicting.
76561198086251001,Recommended,426000,33692515,Posted: 21 July,all,Oharris,"I have played this game both as a male,drug dealing pimp that staffs his girls with sugar and as a feminist manager that promotes logical money management and healthcare.10/10 I am a pervert and I would play again.(My friends call this a pimp simulator, and believe I need help)"
76561198383794110,Recommended,426000,33553548,Posted: 15 July,all,グノーム,All and all this game is good thou
,Recommended,426000,33553183,Posted: 15 July,all,Preador,cookie clicker with escorts and cam girls.the better cookie imo
,Recommended,426000,33542879,Posted: 14 July,all,Kinky_Kiwi,i miss momo 9/10
,Recommended,426000,33602076,Posted: 16 July,all,night_trekker,"I bought this on the strength of Huniepop, which was a clever and very funny mix of the Match-3 and Dating Sim genres. I knew the reviews weren't as strong for HunieCam Studio, but I liked the developer enough to give it a try. What you have here is a fairly well designed but bare-bones sim/management game with clicker aspects (a braindead genre I generally abhor). I've had a lot of fun playing, trying to figure out how to make smarter decisions and maximize my score in the next run. But the shallowness of the experience is hard to ignore.First, the good. While the returning girls from Huniepop are all voiced with the same audio clips from that game, the new girls are all new in every respect, and they're just as well voiced and amusing as the Huniepop originals. (You won't be ""talking"" with them like ou do in Huniepop though, so no reward of humorous dialogue.) The in-game soundtrack, while limited to two alternating tracks, is enjoyable and fitting. The ribald humor of Huniepop is present (though admittedly far more sparse), including funny metacommentaries on the business being simulated. And as for what really matters in a game in this genre (no, not the nudity, of which there is none), the mechanics are well designed and balanced and very challenging to master. I'm not sure l'll EVER get a platinum trophy, but I know I'll try again.Management sims like these are very simple visually. That doesn't mean they aren't quality products, but there aren't that many bells and whistles, which is why the above paragraph looks remarkably sparse for a game I'm recommending. The gameplay happens on a single screen, where you click and drag buildings and icons. That's it; there's not much to discuss graphically. The game looks fine, but it does feel a bit like a (high quality) Flash game you might play on a website that hosts that kind of thing.And speaking of graphics, the art style is more cartoony than Huniepop. That wasn't a bad decision for a game that isn't about the visuals, but some strongly dislike the look. I think some of the character design is a little inconsistent, but overall it's fine. As for the main screen where the gameplay happens, it's just a bunch of competent but unremarkable icons and cartoon buildings.And for the negative, of which there is only one huge entry: there's a single gameplay mode, where you're limited to 21 in-game days. I don't understand why more modes weren't included, or at least a ""custom"" mode where you could decide on your time limit (a la Zombie Atom Smasher). It seems like something relatively simple that could be added in an update, but I don't think any are coming. So once you've unclocked all the wardrobe and hairstyle options for each girl, there will be literally no reason to keep playing but for the pure enjoyment of clicking and watching counters increase. (To give you some idea of hours of enjoyment, I haven't unlocked them all yet, but it will probably happen within 3 or 4 more games.)My verdict is ""recommend, but only on sale."" And only if you like making strategic management decisions, clicking to do stuff, and watching progress bars. This is a solid but decidedly a lesser game than Huniepop with far less content and no ""visual rewards."" YMMV."
76561198089487800,Recommended,426000,33590636,Posted: 16 July,all,Illuminutty,♥♥♥♥♥ fun yo
76561198365282054,Recommended,426000,33472774,Posted: 11 July,all,iamturtledotgov,my dog has a tumor-impatient people beware
,Recommended,426000,33478127,Posted: 12 July,all,pandoraluxexxx,"While this game is nothing even close to being realistic, it is still tons of fun to play and I have spent hours absorbed in it trying to get the highest score possible. I liked it so much I bought my friend a copy so she could try it too!"
76561198110221552,Recommended,426000,33589999,Posted: 16 July,all,Hcns,boobs and♥♥♥♥♥♥trophies.. do i need to say more?
,Recommended,426000,33721040,Posted: 22 July,all,Shoehorn,Just another farming game with adult storyline. I'd still play it once through again for a couple of bucks for a laff. Mind you I'm most likely not going to play it ever again.
,Recommended,426000,33758316,Posted: 23 July,all,Leftover Spaghetti,very good
,Recommended,426000,33728243,Posted: 22 July,all,AniPendragon,"7/10An overall solid game in the Hunie series that is a lot of fun, but offers little in the way of customization, or changes between playthroughs.The art style in HunieCam Studio is definitely something I adore, and I love the 'story' for what it is, and, personally, I like games like this. The new characters are solid, the music is solid, and every playthrough takes about hour-ish, so it's the sort of game I can pick up once in a while when I feel like it.My biggest gripe is that it's the same thing, over and over again. I would love to have some more variation, different 'storylines', so to speak, or even a longer, more campaign style game.Overall, do enjoy and recommend the game, but definitely get it on sale."
,Recommended,426000,33730265,Posted: 22 July,all,tara_senpai,"I think this a great spin off of HuniePop. It can get pretty hard to get all of the achievements, but the unlockables are really cute and worth it."
,Recommended,426000,33896780,Posted: 29 July,all,robdog42,"When I first played this game, I expected lots of boobs, inuendo, and waifus. I got that and more. Putting aside the obvious audience this game is aimed at, its actually a great challenging business sim. I got stressed everytime I went in debt, when my girls contracted an STD and could no longer cam, everytime I needed that few more dollars to invest in my business only to have to pay my girls and go in debt again.... It's easy to forget about earning fans when all you want to do is cam and earn that sweet mula. I tip my hat to anyone that can earn that gorgeous diamond trophy with 100k fans within the 21 days. So much depth and complexity in what is essentially a clicker and boobalicious installment from HuniePot. 11/10, I need to take a cold shower now...."
76561198031278356,Recommended,426000,33896665,Posted: 29 July,all,derrick.long,"So good, caught me off guard for sure. Game play is great. This game can keep me up late some nights."
76561198091259710,Recommended,426000,33870865,Posted: 28 July,all,kimchi.ginko,love this game
76561198120416094,Recommended,426000,33871026,Posted: 28 July,all,SarahTay,"I was looking for a time managment game and came across this, love the graphics and honestly takes time to figure out how to get the most fans. I like it a lot and is my go to game."
,Recommended,426000,33847873,Posted: 27 July,all,Roadman Shaq | csgoroll.com,Made me♥♥♥♥♥do hard it hit the roof. Would recommend for horny 12 year olds.
76561198065319301,Recommended,426000,33862178,Posted: 28 July,all,악마,"I spent these last two days developing strategies in order to get every acheicment in this game. Now that I've Succesfully 100%'ed this game, I thik I'll 100% Wild Animal Racing... ♥♥♥♥ me."
76561198047833672,Recommended,426000,34532037,Posted: 27 August,all,NightRaven,This game has a dark side (if you understand what I’m saying) and once I completed my second playthrough this game made me feel bad...So yeah at the end I didn’t enjoyed it…I want for steam to have an option for a neutral review because that’s how I want to rate this game.Since I don’t have this option im leaving a positive review only because this game was made by the creators of huniepop.
76561198183223027,Recommended,426000,34575249,Posted: 29 August,all,iridescentlightning,"While I was originally put off by the change in art style from Huniepop to Huniecam, I find that it's charming in its own way, because it's an entirely different game than Huniepop. I enjoy trying to beat my high score and learn new techniques to do so. It's super addicting to watch the money go up."
76561198261443926,Recommended,426000,34486548,Posted: 25 August,all,taskubanaani,i feel ashamed for buying this. 8/10 was pretty fun. wish you could fire some of the girls tho.
,Recommended,426000,22649147,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GoodWitch,i like the game not for girls being in the nood and thinking wat there doing it is a will p**n game that well makes it on fetishas huniepop it was naked girls and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥swith this it is in the wat to be porn parti will realy enjoiy the game evek more if there was p**n yegame 10/10charatares 11/11fetishies 12/12p**n 5/100lolgreat game buy it now
,Recommended,426000,34079480,Posted: 7 August,all,Punished Bump,"If you were looking for more anime tiddy then steer away because across nearly 20 CGs you won't even see a nipple.However, if you want a managment sim with funny writing that has pretty aight and easy to learn gamplay, then totes go for it.#LillianBestGirl8.4/10"
,Recommended,426000,34014877,Posted: 4 August,all,SjccGamer,"at first its really hard but once you get to know what everything is and possibly watch a youtube video or something to see how to do it, its a lot of fun and its pretty easy. my first two games i only got the silver trophy, but then i watched a video and tried again and i got 210k, you only need 100k for the diamond trophy, and even though i got the best trophy, theres still a harder difficulty for me to try and way more outfits i can get. plus, even when you beat everything, you can still try to beat your high score."
,Not Recommended,426000,22251000,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,B O O P,"Since my previous review got a bunch of dislikes because it was a stupid joking kind of review, I'm going to do a proper one.If your expecting something like HuniePop then don't bother. This game contains no pictures or really anything fap worthy. The whole point of the game is to get as many fans as possible in 21 days and then reset and replay the game again to try and beat your previous highscore. If your like me and don't really care about your highscore then there is no reason for you to replay the game again so after you complete it once, your done. The only other unlockables is character outfits which are obtained by getting coins after every playthrough which for me is just not worth the time.This game is only fun the first once or twice you play through it and then it becomes more of a chore than a game.HuniePop 2 needs to happen or HunieRPG."
,Recommended,426000,34008078,Posted: 3 August,all,PROtoss987,Really nice 9/10 not enough plot
76561198372984102,Recommended,426000,34024162,Posted: 4 August,all,D U M P S T E R T H O T,"The game has alot of ""personality"" and very dank ,and very addicting it may not seem like that at all ,but it is."
,Recommended,426000,34130680,Posted: 9 August,all,Senpai,legit cam 4 times
,Recommended,426000,34140015,Posted: 9 August,all,Rinkimeku,"Great game, worth buying."
,Recommended,426000,34105031,Posted: 8 August,all,"A Young, Energetic Apprentice","Who knew dragging girls to locations repeatedly would be so addicting? Only downside is that if you understand how to get high scores immediately, there isn't much to the game except for repeating it several times to get all the hairstyles and outfits unlocked. And getting even higher scores. Fun game, though."
76561198154595997,Recommended,426000,34148909,Posted: 10 August,all,PRINCE,"This game is amazing. I beat it, and completed every achievment....but I'm finding myself craving more."
76561198281988739,Recommended,426000,34399811,Posted: 21 August,all,srscott84847,"Loved the game.  Got hours of play time out of it, it did get old.  It one of those games where you have a four day weekend and no plans type of game."
,Recommended,426000,34397272,Posted: 21 August,all,Sorath of the Black Sun,A great tycoon game and even feel a bit realistic. You manage girls and try to earn trophies at various ending currency marks. Yes this game ends at the end of the callender period and one game can be played in a single setting reasonably. Many girls from huniepop return along with some newcomers. If you love the humor of Huniepop you'll like this as well although it's a bit less talkative the tutorial had a lot of personality.
,Recommended,426000,34433942,Posted: 23 August,all,Matty Mudshovel,"this game is just awesome! i love the sims style realism behind running a cam based business, the creators of this game and honiepop are just great. This game does containt adult content but for us adult gamers it is perfect for fun."
,Recommended,426000,33256676,Posted: 4 July,all,BaeJ Mason,all of the animu grills o so good Kappa
,Recommended,426000,34406210,Posted: 21 August,all,aebiis,"really fun and it was ""for research"" i swere"
,Recommended,426000,34180305,Posted: 11 August,all,SpookyDiaboliC,fun
,Recommended,426000,34177920,Posted: 11 August,all,The Cosmic Castaway,"my game time speaks for itself, this game is epic fun."
,Recommended,426000,34208066,Posted: 13 August,all,i'm bad,This game is the camgirl management simulation game I never knew I wanted.It's mindless and your friendstotally won't judge youfor playing this game.
76561198261484880,Recommended,426000,34236620,Posted: 14 August,all,King Cosmo,"So basically after selling my soul to this game, I can happily say that this was a good purchase"
76561198141991674,Recommended,426000,34248036,Posted: 14 August,all,cantstopcrazy,I have an addiction to all games Huniepot. I bought this day it was released and was so hype and not at all disappointed.Lailani is best girl andjust the sweetest. All the characters are interesting and I wish to know more about them.
,Recommended,426000,34329895,Posted: 18 August,all,wow such magic.. much spell..,play this game because pewdiepie animated.5/7 will play again
,Recommended,426000,34639704,Posted: 31 August,all,NatashaDrury,"HunieCam studio is one of the most addictive games out there. Every time I play this game I find it just as interesting as the time before, and the characters are super cute."
76561198322470828,Recommended,426000,34716872,Posted: 3 September,all,KittyKatKuo,This is the first game I purchased on Steam and I find it entertaining and you have to have a dirty sense of mind and humor to throughly enjoy this game.
76561198335673955,Recommended,426000,35030031,Posted: 17 September,all,nihilistworm,"If you view this game as a separate entity from the original huniepop, then this game is great. Its a business tycoon game that actually has character, and its fun to try to see how you can create the best team of girl for the greatest amount of fans. The art is super cute, and its actually a pleasure to get the new attractive hairstyles and outfits for the girls (unlike in huniepop in my opinion). Only downside is that I feel like theres not much reason to go back to it after you complete all the achievements."
,Recommended,426000,35036037,Posted: 17 September,all,CookieCthulhu,"HunieCam Studio is a really fun time-killer, and also a game you can finish in one go without it becoming too tedious. I admit I'm not the best at planning in these sorts of games, so you can take it with a grain of salt when I say the game offers a nice challenge in you trying to get the last two trophies at the end of the playthrough. I've only gotten the gold one so far. Give it a shot, it's definitely worth it! c:"
,Recommended,426000,22640621,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Super Edgy 15 Year Old,"Hard at first, but you will get used to it."
76561198060727318,Recommended,426000,34892435,Posted: 11 September,all,Boneless Lizzard (ᵉˣᵗʳᵃ ᵗʰᶦᶜᶜ),Thats a 10 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,426000,34882456,Posted: 11 September,all,de_office,"Pretty fun game. It's basicly a resource management clicker with a time limit. You have to make as much profit as possible in 21 in game days (1h aprox). If you liked huniepop's charm, this is a must buy."
76561198065230632,Recommended,426000,35042609,Posted: 18 September,all,Torgaddon,Its not a s good as Huniepop. But it is very addictive.
76561198151980696,Recommended,426000,22306548,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,The entire population of Russia,Hardest part about the game?My♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,426000,35140706,Posted: 22 September,all,estamnia,huniepop is better x7.7
,Recommended,426000,35226938,Posted: 26 September,all,succ me unconscious,"Got Diamond♥♥♥♥♥♥second time I played the game, I love my waifus more than my life"
76561198170902655,Recommended,426000,35456034,Posted: 3 October,all,megadoomer,"good game quality, great gamplay controls, and a fun story."
,Recommended,426000,35428852,Posted: 2 October,all,Solo,"I love this game!I love management games.There are some investment knowledge to learn.Invest with high risk, chance to get high return, but also greater chance to lose it all.Invest with low risk, great chance to get safe rewards, but no chance to expand your business.Game itself lasts for a good 30-40 minutes, 45 tops (i think).I wish it had a leaderboard against friends.I wish there was a race mode to compete with other people.There are some RNG involved when shopping, doing promotions, and getting new girls.Devs: Abuse potential, autoclicker gets you more clicks than holding down button in-game.Devs: A career stat would be nice."
,Recommended,426000,35473762,Posted: 4 October,all,MINIPONY666,Love this game
