user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,426310,32121744,Posted: 1 June,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/IpnswJH9cL4THIS IS A MIXED/NEUTRAL REVIEW! TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Perception is an atmospheric horror adventure game, where you play as a blind woman. Even though you can’t see, you have extremely heightened senses that allow you to see using echolocation. You set off alone to investigate an abandoned mansion you saw in your dreams. After venturing inside, a ghost-like presence starts to haunt you. Unable to escape the house, you begin to unravel the mysteries of Echo Bluff, and learn the truth behind the deaths of its previous inhabitants that spanned over generations.To ‘see’ around you, and make your way through the mansion, you’ll need to tap your cane on the ground to create sound. It’s an interesting twist on games that are typically just set in dark places. The range on the echolocation is very large, and most things are visible as if you could see clearly. This echolocation ability has no cooldown, and you can spam it as much or as little as you’d like. I’d even say that it gives too much visibility.The other activated ability you have is called sense. Sense allows you to see what your next  objective is and where it is located. This also lets you see your goal through walls, so you know where to go, but have to find the way to get there.A lot of the game feels like a walking simulator with jump scares scattered through it. There are a couple enemies that you encounter. I admit that the dolls are pretty creepy, but the main enemy is ‘the presence’ that haunts you. When the presence aggros you, everything turns red, and you need to run and find a hiding spot. The presence was intimidating at first, and it felt pretty tense, but as the game progressed, the presence became a mere nuisance.Pros:unique gameplay mechanics to ‘see’ around you using echolocation and sensethe way that the mysteries and stories unfold is interestingvery appealing graphics style - the way that everything is lit up and revealed by sound looks neat, especially when the wind is blowingmusic and ambience are very effective at creating an immersive atmosphere that feels very eerie and tense (at first)some of the voice acting is decent (but some of it is not, such as the children's voices)Cons:some massive plot holes, and some other smaller things that make no senseas the game progresses, the tension sort of dies off as the gameplay loses its charmaside from the initial tension, and a couple jump scares, the 'horror' aspects are very underwhelming (the pursuits feel anti-climatic, and having to run and hide is just an inconvenience that wasn't even remotely scary)(nitpick) some issues with audio tracks overlapping each other and playing at the same time(nitpick) keyboard and mouse controls are not customizable (but most people will be okay with the defaults WASD, C, space, control, M1), and there is only partial controller support(nitpick) respawn locations if you die are sometimes really far back from where you were (it's better to exit to menu and then resume to start back closer to where you originally died)The game took me a bit over 3 hours to finish, and that was with me getting stuck for roughly 15 minutes after I died once, when I got lost trying to find my way back.Purchase:Perception is an okay game. While it has a really cool concept and unique style that draws you in early on, the gameplay doesn’t hold up long term. The horror elements fall flat quickly, and aside from a few jump scares here and there, a lot of the game play feels more like a walking simulator. If you’re looking for a horror game, you’ll probably want to look elsewhere. If you’re just looking to experience the echolocation gameplay and story, keep in mind that the game is very short, and you might want to wait for a sale price.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,426310,32185692,Posted: 4 June,all,ZombieOwl,"Let me start by saying I waited a very, VERY long time for this game. I learned about it in 2014 and have waited ever since. When I first started playing it, I was scared I'd be disappointed as there was a lot of I was unsure of. There are a few things that ended up making the game not live up to what I had hoped for, sadly, but there was still a lot I found great about it.Pros:- Unique style. Playing as a blind character was definately unique and interesting as was the look and feel of this game.- Good storyline. This was something I was unsure of at first but it ended up coming together at the end and I truly enjoyed it.- Atmosphere. The atmosphere was real creepy at times and I definitely found myself on edge at certain parts in the game.Cons:- Length. I did feel as though the game was a little on the short side. This wasn't a huge deal to me since I kind of expected it.- Replay value. Sadly, it has none. Maybe they'll put out a DLC or something.- Lack of threat (my biggest complaint). The game lacks threat, in my opinion. Part of being a good horror game is scaring the player and keeping them nervous. Unfortunately, it doesn't really do that. I died once and that was just because I wasn't paying attention. Aside from the third chapter, your odds of being flat out attacked, chased, or harmed by anything aren't likely. There were a few times were I even purposely did things to cause a creature to come (never worked or would go away almost instantly). The one time I got chased by something, it stopped just short of me and turned around to leave. Although, there is a creepy atmosphere and a few things that send chills/goosebumps, the overall threat and fear is not there in the game. I wish they had added a harder difficulty just to offer a more challenging and scary experience.Overall, I DO recommend the game. It is neat and unique, so I find it worth a try. I don't regret buying or playing it. I just feel slightly disappointed as my expectations were very high."
,Recommended,426310,32333348,Posted: 10 June,all,Lincoln Balloon,"This is a hard review to write.  I want to like Perception much more than I do, but it just doesn't all tie together as neatly as it should.Indeed the big draw of the game is the perspective.  You play as Cassandra, a woman who is blind but has the Daredevil-esque power of echolocation in that she can use sound as a way to ""see"" the environment around her.  She can tap her cane to create a burst of sound and, in a sense, illuminate the room.  It's a very interesting gameplay mechanic and the art style highlights it well.  Everything is highlighted in an ethereal blue when sound bounces off of it.  The walk up to the mansion at the start of the game is truly haunting, with the contours of the house outlined by the sound of the wind hitting it.It's a shame then that this unique idea wound up in a game that doesn't compliment it well.The story is as follows: a mansion has been haunting Cassandra's dreams and she feels compelled to go find it.  Once she finds it and gets inside, spooky stuff happens.Things start off well enough.  We get little flashbacks into Cassie's life, giving us a sense for where she comes from and who she is.  And Cassie is a very likeable character.  She's a little chatty though, which can grate on some people (although there is an option to keep her quiet except for plot critical scenes).  These little flashbacks give us a more personal tether for the game and help us connect with Cassie's plight.  But after the first ten or fifteen minutes, they disappear completely.  The majority of the game is then wandering the mansion and hearing the woeful tales of those who lived there.  The stories are decent enough (although the third chapter I felt was weak and too different in tone from the others).  It just never feels as impactful as it wants to be, especially at the end when it tries to tie everything together.The gameplay doesn't do much better.  Perception is billed as a horror game, but it doesn't take advantage of the character's unique perspective to scare you.  Instead, it uses fairly stock jumpscare moments with things popping out at you.  Not only that, but there's a ghostly presence that stalks you throughout the game.  After a little while the game tells you that ""the house is listening"", which means that if you create too much noise the presence will find and kill you.  But it's never really much of an issue.  I made it through the entire game without summoning the presence outside of the scripted moments (except for maybe once, but I can't be sure that wasn't scripted too).  Instead of feeling like a threat, it feels like an annoyance that gets in the way of your exploration.Honestly, the game would have been better without the presence.  The game plays like a walking simulator as it is, so why not go all the way with it?In the end, Perception isn't a bad game, but I wouldn't say it's a great one either.  It's a mediocre adventure that starts to wear out its welcome by the end, which is not a good thing for a three to four hour game.  I still recommend it, even just for the echolocation mechanic alone.  But it's hard to not feel a little saddened by the waste of potential."
,Recommended,426310,33601078,Posted: 16 July,all,ErbanVision,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1063765116Perception is a game developed by the The Deep End Games.Story follows Cassie a blind woman haunted by vision of a strange house.She decides to go on a quest to visit the location of this house to figure out what does vision mean. she enters the house and the Horror begins.Perception is divided into 4 chapters each showcasing different eras of the house.The lore is very interesting and there's not much repetition in the chapter at hand which is great.The problem that perception has is about it's horror element. Some of the monster encounter are very scripted and the solution to survive is often close by. It would've been appreciated an emphasis on supenses when it come to the monster encounter.The campaign is also very short i finnish the title under 4hrsThe gameplay itself is interesting and can look innovative at time.The Xray vission of Cassie is very reminiscent of the x ray system in the Arkham series.The level design can be confusing but that is to be expected considering the limitation of the gameplay. The story is great but it's does end on a weird note, you never get the feeling of having followed a full story ark it's feels more like an intro which is disappointing.Cassie is a very interesting character she has a lot of personality and is a strong female protagonist6.9/10 Verdict: Perception is flawed but still manages to be enjoyable."
,Recommended,426310,32083894,Posted: 31 May,all,Jon Gaming,Amazing game thus far.  I am very impressed by the atmosphere that is created by the developers.  You play as Cassie a blind girl and you have to find your way through a dark decreped mansion.  The only way you can see is if you use your cane to make sounds and the path will be made visible before your eyes.  You have to find certain items to bring back memories of what happened in the house! I hope you enjoy the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRDNlBaIg2E&feature=youtu.be
76561198023049455,Recommended,426310,34543197,Posted: 27 August,all,Yusufu,"When I saw the game trailer, I loved the concept. Little did I know, that was all I was gonna get as far as gameplay goes. Most of the fun comes from exploring the house as a blind person and trying to unveil the story using the help of your cellphone apps; which was fun. Solving puzzles was also fun, but they were rare! The rest was mostly a walk/fetch quests and ""explore"".The story was too vague for me to piece together; but maybe because English isn't my first language.The game had technical issues and it was not patched for 2 months. I have encountered 2 crashes and a locked door. Every time something happens, I reload the game to fix it.Overall I give it a 5/10; its a mideocre horror game with fun explorations but lacks gameplay features. If you like the trailer and looking forward to the story, you may find it amusing.Yes,I do recommend the game, but at a lower price."
76561198131484435,Not Recommended,426310,33825245,Posted: 26 July,all,tekahurangirain,"this will be my first review so it wont be structuredthos game really dissapointed me ive been waiting for this game a long time years actuallly im legally blind so this would have been the best horror for me as i have to deal with visual limitations daily.which is why this game is such a dissapointing, its such a missed oportunity to do something completely uniche.quick list of my actual thoughts.voice acting really does have some stand outs but some fall flatgameplay is extremely lacking. you will be walking aswell as well, walking they took an amazinng idea and made it a boring gimick i loved the cane mechanic at first as i use one when i go out to avoid tripping so i loved doing the same thing in conplete darkness.horror is well non existant the fear of the unknown dissapears as soon as your caught by the pressence. your terrifying scene for getting caught is ....a red screengraphically speaking the level design is well done the first chapter especailly. the hoise feels large and endless and the areas of the house can get twisted around itself which is quite fitting considering.sorry for the negativity i really do hope someone gives this idea another shot the foundation was there just a hit and miss in design decisions"
,Not Recommended,426310,32081370,Posted: 31 May,all,StokedCali,"This is not a scary game. Poor story and gameplay really set this game back from being good/fun. You would think being a blind character would add to the atmosphere of the game because you cant see anything, but instead it is just an annoyance and doesnt make the game at all anymore scary.No replay value whatsoever as well. Its pretty much much a walking sim with bad jump scares.Please save your 20 bucks and use it to buy something that actually brings you happiness like food or a better game.4/10 Never play again"
76561198131437220,Recommended,426310,32107107,Posted: 1 June,all,Warriorpx,"Interesting story, unsettling atmosphere, and unique gameplay mechanics. Well worth the $20."
76561198013862463,Not Recommended,426310,34026864,Posted: 4 August,all,Analog Pill,"Can't reccomend this sadly, the gameplay is pretty lacking and dull. You use your cane to hit the ground so you can make noise and ""see"". However the game punishes you for making noise, so you spend most of your time just wandering in the dark just going from point to point in this house. The gimick of being blind gets dull quickly, it just isn't fun."
76561198051567522,Recommended,426310,32120344,Posted: 1 June,all,BluePrince21,"I'm a fan of horror games. be it bloody, psychotic, creepy point and click, etc.  However, this is a different game entirely.  Pitch black mostly, scary sounds, heightened fear from the first minute.  And The Presence....  Jinkies!!!  The idea of playing a character without sight is revolutionary, and the added effect of echolocation is awesome.  I neglected the professional reviews and tried it out myself, and I was not disappointed.  Great game, great atmosphere, great hiding spots.  A good game overall."
76561197970639758,Recommended,426310,32133653,Posted: 2 June,all,landaburgess,"This is a very very good game!! That said it is a bit too short and needed perhaps another two chapters. Great and fresh concept with a new type of main character. The story is excellent and stikes emotion in the player, scares, humor and compassion. The graphics are great! The sound is exception and thoughtful. The big game companies/developers should watch out when amazing games like this come out. I highly recommend this game!!-Note to developer- Please make a sequal!!"
,Recommended,426310,32425687,Posted: 14 June,all,GhostEnder98,"This is a little hard of a review to write, not cause I did not like the game (I am Half way into the game) I really like the Game so far, little confused on the story, and does require a little outside thinking to fully understand the story, yes it can get Irratating at times, but the Story (If you can understand it) is really interesting, The apmosphere can get really creepy at times and the only ""real enemy"" in the game (The Presence) only comes for you if you make to much noise, all in all it is a really interesting game and I really want to give it a 10/10, but I will give it a 9/10.Pros:+Really Creepy Apmoshpere at times+Creepy ""Enemy""+Good Voice ActingCons:-Story is little hard to Understand/Takes time to understand what's going on-Gets Irritating at times"
76561198252751596,Recommended,426310,32080551,Posted: 31 May,all,puck2113,"What can be said but WOW!!!! Growing up I used to watch Darby O'gill and the little people.  The colors and texture of the game remind me of the banshee, scares the h#$l out of me.  This is a game, I constantly feel vulnerable.  At times all I want is to see th environment.  Very very well done game.  Having to take breaks as they do a great job building up the tension and holding you there."
,Recommended,426310,32301381,Posted: 9 June,all,daakkast,"Video review here:https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=ezRO3V43g3EPerception was developed by veterans of the industry, including ex Bioshock, Rock Band and Dead Space staff. With a lineup like that, how can this game possibly disappoint?The premise of Perception is that you play a blind girl called ‘Cassie’ and lead her through the world using echolocation.This means that Cassie sees with her ears SHE CAN HEAR IMAGESPerception starts with a bit of a cold opening. It gets you up to speed with her mechanics of sight and goes on to explain that shes been having nightmares of a mansion for a few months - as is tradition, shes done the boost to this mansion, alone.The mansion is abandoned, however there is creepy goings on with ghostly apparitions and TVs and radiators getting turned on and off with nobody theeerrreeee oooooohhhhhhThe goal of the game appears to be attempting to find 4 items that always appear in this mansion according to Cassies dreams.A rope, a ticket, an apple and an axe.As you make your way through the house youll find various items that you can pick up for lore buildings.These come in the form of various items that trigger memories or just plain ole tapes that help unravel some of the mystery.Gameplay mechanics:I briefly described the mechanics of the game above - the meat and tatties revolve around the blind aspect of Cassie and how she sees.You can press space bar to tap her cane and objects will be outlined as the sound spreads out around the environment in a small wave-like burst.Smashing the space bar and watching the sound ripple outwards with the satisfying 'doosh’ just feels quality.It might just be me, but with headphones on i find it to be really immersive and I don’t think the same could be said when smashing a button on a controller*montage of walking and cuts of telly being on, gusts of wind at the start, radiatorsIn tandem with the cane, every step you take will emit a small pulse enabling you to see a few feet in front of you, with various noises throughout the game acting like a 'streetlamp’.You will see strong gusts of wind billowing throughout the house if a windae is left open - or if some spooky ♥♥♥♥♥ has turned the telly on, you’ll also see that through the darkness too.Naturally, this sets a good precedent for a number of horror opportunities.If yer constantly plunged in darkness, the only way to see is with sound - dae ye risk tapping yer cane to see where you are going or will that alert any baddies near ye to yer whereabouts?What if ye tap the cane and suddenly there’s a big creepy basturt right in front of ye???Echolocation is not the only ability of CassiesYe can press ctrl to use her '6th sense’ to focus in on objectives with xray vision through walls and all sortsThere are areas where you are supposed to hide so we expect some adrenaline infused chases - a staple of any horror game these days.Sound effects and music:You would really expect a game with a blind protagonist to have great audio design and whilst it doesnt appear to be groundbreaking - the design does not disappoint.When you tap the cane, cassie actually hits whatever item the reticule is point at - so as you walk around the house looking at various objects, youll hear corresponding noises.It’s a nice touch that certainly adds to the ambience.There’s not much in the way of music - this might be due to design choice of really putting you in the shoes of the protaginst alone in the mansion, however some eery music may be missed by some.Personally, it doesn’t bother me too much.Cost:I bought this game on launch for £15.65 which was actually discounted - really nice offer to entice folk to buy in to a new IP.Bear in mind that I haven’t completed the game, and my opinion may be subject to change at a later date - I’d say its a great deal.Had it been the full price of £17.99, I’d say Perception is worth the asking price"
,Not Recommended,426310,32361945,Posted: 12 June,all,Seaniemaurice,"**RECOMMENDATION ONLY MADE WHEN ON SALE**Full review here -https://youtu.be/8qchx5Rc9BMI am kind of torn about this as there are a lot of really great things going for perception. By now you probably already know the premise of the game, so I won't bore you with those details. The reason why I am recommending the game only when on discount is because of 2 main factors.1) The game has a major identity crisis. Not knowing if it is a walking simulator, or a stealth based survival horror game. It hints and teases the player at the potential of having gameplay (constantly leaving places for you to hide), but by the lack of threat I experienced, it suggests that the developers ran out of time to fully flesh out any meaningful and fun gameplay. I tapped my stick towards the end of the game without any real threat, horror, or challenge..... so its a walking sim that hints at being a game.... whish is quite frustrating because it's not bad, it's just not great.2) The main story is insultingly predictable. I'm all for the unreliable narrator trope, or the game hiding the motives of the characters in a game only to reveal them a prime moment. But when its soooo obvious, it loses any impact and makes you question your money. Whilst I found myself liking the characters throughout each generation. The story of Cassie is a poor one.Good idea, poor execusion. With more time, this could have been a great game. I'd pay $10-15."
,Recommended,426310,33567847,Posted: 15 July,all,Astore,"Been a while since I played a horror game, just rembered why...I find the approach of being blind a ""seeing"" everything through a kind of ""sonar vision"" quite fascinating. The game feels dark and cramped but it could actually be brightest day. Well... aside from everyone telling you that it's nighttime, that is.I did not encounter any bugs or crashed, the autosaves are well placed and the difficulty is reasonable. Once however I got totally lost and was caught multiple times, just be set back to a far away save, that's where I lost a lot of time.The story is interesting, nothing too special but well placed as a form of memories you ""find"". However I did not really get into the big picture of the story, maybe that's by design. But once I got to chapter 4 everything cleared up, so just stay at it.Finished in about 5 hours, where the average seems to be around 3 hours, which should tell you anything you need to know about my orientation skills."
76561197974223841,Recommended,426310,32163238,Posted: 3 June,all,En Vie,"Shorter than i realized, but the story wrapped up quiet well, so it felt like time well spent. The game does have a few flaws, but i thought they were minor at best. I only crashed twice while playing, and thankfully for the auto saves i didnt lose any progress.I enjoyed my time playing this game, and am going to go back and replay it to find all the collectables. The mechanics are fun, new, and challenging. Make too much noise, you attract trouble. Don't make enough, you're walking around.... Blind."
,Recommended,426310,32307809,Posted: 9 June,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"Fresh horror gameplay! You can tell this is a new studio, a lot more of the story could have been delivered in a better way, but still the gameplay makes up for it. Recommended for the horror thrill seekers. I wish the Presence was actually more present, i didn't feel very threatned by it, perhaps alien isolation conditioned me to be quiet and to fight all instincs to run away and panic, replace that with the cane usage and you have similar meta..If you like horror games you'll like this guaranteed."
,Recommended,426310,32074250,Posted: 30 May,all,Maemuffin,This game exceeded my high expectations for this title. With all the chievs it has some replay value too. Very impressed.
,Recommended,426310,32484750,Posted: 16 June,all,PC Gamer Girl,"I am really loving this game so far!! I am just starting chapter 3 - which I believe is called The Apple. So far, the game concept is really original and beautiful, and I am absolutely adoring the story line along with the voice acting - Cassie is a great character with a bite similar to my own, so I find her relatable, which I enjoy lol.If you'd like to see some gameplay footage, you can check out my Lets Play video here (Part 1):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NEfOJAh0I4"
76561198336526237,Recommended,426310,32072557,Posted: 30 May,all,trading.kontakt,"Very nice surprise.After mixed ratings by popular game sites I was afraid that the game is not worth waiting for.I'm glad I did.It's the first time I played the game with such gameplay.Story is interesting and full of tension!Graphics and sounds are really good.One thing I disliked about Perception is the voice of Cassie, but it's a matter of taste."
76561198044823845,Recommended,426310,32070829,Posted: 30 May,all,Umberellah/twitch.tv,https://youtu.be/E1PTeMYZBCkPlaylist updating with playthroughs!Played upto the 3rd Chapter and so far really enjoying the experience! It's something different - I was worried that the reviews would be true but I'm honestly enjoying everything I'm playing so far!I'll update after a full playthrough - concerns at the moment of how short it is for the money but I'll update on that later!
,Not Recommended,426310,34142247,Posted: 10 August,all,Kioku,"Interesting concept, and I want to like it, but best played when the rest of the house is silent - no fans / heater / AC, no events across the street, no neighbors watching TV too loud - which is a bit of a pain if you really want to get the best of it.I have a feeling it's going to turn out to be sadly shorter than I'd like, and there's a TON of ""where the hell am I supposed to go from here"" going on in the maze of locked doors that is the mansion.Essentially, it's a game that could be fun, but is defintely not by any stretch worth the current $20 price.  I could recommend it if it were closer to $5, which is the amount of content it looks like it'll end up having at this rate, but never $20."
76561197979635569,Recommended,426310,32419138,Posted: 14 June,all,Zer0,"There are lots of reasons I recommend this game: interesting premise, moments of incredible immersion, outstanding sound, great voice acting, an atmosphere and vibe that is successfuly creepy (at least for a short while). Those strengths never quite come together to make a cohesive whole, however. Gameplay, while simple, also has a few issues. So it's frustrating that the reasons I should be recommending it (because it has a great story or consistently awesome gameplay, neither of which are quite true) are not why I could conditionally support it. Ultimately, ""Perception"" is just one more example of a terrific idea with poor execution.Other reviewers have described this game as a walking simulator with horror elements, and that's pretty accurate. If you're going to have a walking simulator, you better have a great story, right? There are some pieces of story that are well told. Too often though, they seem like individual pieces, rather than separate parts of a greater whole. Yes, the story is creepy. But creep alone isn't enough. We don't really care enough about Cassie to be invested in her and that's a huge problem. I mean, I wanted to be. We just don't know enough about her or why she's in the house to get really attached. There are also some gaping plot holes, big enough to... well, to walk through. If the game were less about the story and more about the gameplay, this might be a wash. But there's little in the way of actual gameplay so this approach doesn't work.On the atmosphere side of the house, there's not enough threat. I say this fully aware that in any horror game, the player is the person ultimately responsible for feeling scared. The writers and actors and designers all help, but if you don't want to be scared, you won't be. Ambience aside, if there's only the perception of threat and you never have actual consequences to deal with, it's much tougher to keep yourself in that place where you want to be scared. I recognize that's a fine line to walk and one that's entirely subjective, but ""Perception"" fell short of presenting threat. It NAILS the creep factor; it just needed something else to bring that to the next level.Also, I have a hard time with any game that artificially increases difficulty. I'm specifically referring to how plot events (things that are required to advance the narrative and move the game forward) can summon The Presence. If a game is going to do stuff like that, the devs should be less haphazard with where the auto-saves are placed. Yes, you run the risk of telegraphing some of your jump scares, but there must have been another way. It's tough to believe the team couldn't come up with a more elegant solution than a) quit to main menu and reload from your save (however long ago that was) or b) start over in a sometimes random place. Removing control of the save function is a great way to limit player control and help inspire a feeling of helplessness from the outset. Kudos for that.Of note, the game is rather short: I suspect the initial playthrough could be made in under five hours, even if you run only when you must, rather than as your default state of movement. There's nothing wrong with a short game and ""Perception"" was perhaps best served by being on the shorter side. That haveing been said, short game + story problems + mechanical flaws =/= recipe for success in the DLC market. I would not hesitate to pick up the next project from Deep End/Feardemic, however. If nothing else, ""Perception"" functions as a great showcase for the potenital of this studio.5/10, one thumb up. It's okay. Picking this up on sale is a no-brainer, warts and all.Edit: subject =/= subjective. Corrected."
76561198013426436,Recommended,426310,32427473,Posted: 15 June,all,Ecdycis,"So I bought this game when it came out and I have been following it since it was announced.I loved the idea of the concept and thought it would be an amazing horror game, not quite.So Perception took me roughly about 4 hours to beat meaning you get about 1 hour per chapter.For what I liked about the gamePros: -Visuals and environment building-Cassie is a fun and realistic character-The lack of vision and sudden bursts help for setting-The cane mechanics weren't free vision and had consequence-The story ties together nicely as you play the game for the most partWhat I didn't likeCon: -Continuity errors, why is her cellphone suddenly dropping calls yet she can call the friendly eyes service. During another part a door I had closed would slam and bring me the direction to it. Cassie is able to read certain papers clips without the memory context or the friendly eyes app-Respawning was weird, I died a total of two times. One put me further forward instead of backward and the other put me practically at the beginning of the level.-Pretty short, I finished all 4 chapters without rushing and it took me approximately 4 hours-Ending was way too rushed and a few things felt unresolved.Overall this game isn't bad, it lets the player piece together the story as it slowly unravels and offers a distinct mechanic with building your vision off noise. For the most part I recommend it especially if it is on sale. Keep in mind this game won't be ridiculously long unless you plan on doing all the achievements and collectibles."
76561198305192607,Recommended,426310,32072331,Posted: 30 May,all,sh9683,"good game so far, I am enjoying it very much, from the trailers I was pretty sure i would, and i don;t regret getting it. very suspensful, and the graphics are great. the game is well done so far"
,Recommended,426310,32115502,Posted: 1 June,all,Waffle,"Went into this not expecting a huge amount, and unsure of the concept. But wow...this is one of the creepiest games I've ever played. The fact you play as a blind woman adds to the challenge (and horror!) of the game, with some really, really creepy 'hide and seek' moments. It's a decent length game too, well worth the money and more than a few hours of gameplay. Not sure I fully understand the story, but this concept definitely worked well for the developers and proved to be worth the risk. Do play this one, if you're into horrors!"
,Recommended,426310,32083755,Posted: 31 May,all,|★Kallen Kozuki★|,Well worth the wait <3
,Recommended,426310,32248200,Posted: 7 June,all,RoshelleLD,"This has to be one of the most original horror games ever.  It brings a whole new light to how someone who is visualy impaired could vision the world.  There aren't many jump scares, but the originality makes up for that!  Can't wait to play more of it!  I love it so much that we are purchasing more copies to share with our viewers!NOTE TO THE DEVS:I would love to have you guys on my stream for an interview promoting Perception.  If you are interested, please contact me on twitch or twitter.http://twitch.tv/roshelleldorhttp://twitter.com/roshelleld"
76561198314008130,Recommended,426310,34193854,Posted: 12 August,all,WKWKWK LAND,"The most unique Horror Game I've ever played. Why? Because this horror game is different from horror games usually. We control a young woman who can not see (blind). We can only see with our ""ECOLOKATION"" capabilities, the way it is with existing sources of sound and by tapping our rod on existing things, such as the ability that a bat has for seeing in the dark. And also we have the sixth sense, we can see and feel the ghosts, and I think it's so cool. Because of this game I also become more grateful to God for having made me someone who has healthy eyes, who avoid the blindness. I highly recommend this game for you horror game lovers like me, because this game gives you the experience of playing a unique horror game.""PERCEPTION"" The unique horror game!"
76561198045148021,Recommended,426310,32118467,Posted: 1 June,all,Tetsurose,"Love this game, really well made and very original"
76561198027483909,Recommended,426310,32076664,Posted: 30 May,all,ronni360spider,"Once the game was released I bought it, I played it and I loved it!  I totally recomend this awesome game to everyone."
76561198004478837,Not Recommended,426310,34507353,Posted: 26 August,all,Aunarisk,"Cannot playCannot even start the gameCannot even see production logoJust a error windows on black screen which tell me""WorkingNameNeeded has stop working""  every time I try....I try hard to find solution on the internet... but still can't play0/10 cause I can't even play... That's allMy PC spec...CPU i7RAM 8GBVGA GTX750Ti 2GBWindows 7 64 bits"
76561198010527990,Not Recommended,426310,32075571,Posted: 30 May,all,Ryguy442,for my full review check out my video reveiwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC9sWr4D2yU
76561198056526739,Not Recommended,426310,34747435,Posted: 4 September,all,[IWDS]Darthy|RSA,"I was really curious about this new concept having to find your way around by ""visualized sound"".I  thought with a good story, it would be an amazing game to play. At first, it was. Limited vision provides a great basis for jumpscares, a few were in it. It also creates constant fear about what might be just a few feet away even though you can't see it. These elements along with the great design of the house and surroundings created an amazing atmosphere i loved to explore.The story starts off with trying to find out why the house you wander around in has appeared in your characters dreams along with some certain objects. All further developments of the story are revealed when you pick up or touch objects, go somewhere or by using your phone. There really are a lot of them and it's usually a spoken piece of memory, notes or thoughts from some of the inhabitants of the house or calls from your friends. So I had a really hard time trying to piece all of those together and usually they confused me more than they revealed an element of the story. In the end I had a rough idea of what had happend in the house but it was't enough to form a satisfying ending to the story.As to the gameplay I have to say, at some point the wandering around and constant tapping to be able to see becomes more of just a way to get somewhere. As most of the time you have a button to point you to your next object/destination,  after a while it becomes more of a ""do this, do that, go here, go there"" thing, which doesn't add to the game at all.A couple of riddles were in it, some nice little challenges, fun to solve.Another point is the other presence that is with you in the house. You disturb it by making too much noise with the tapping of your cane, which for me seems a great concept to limit the vision and create a constantly possible threat. However, once some of the creeppyness wears off and you are moving around to find objects/get to destinations, it starts to get kind of annoying. Furthermore, for me it was never explained where this presence came from or why it was there, it just appeared. That made it feel like it didn't belong there and was put in place by the developer for the sole purpose of creating some sort of ""antagonist"" (it's possible i missed that information, so if it is revealed in the game, I take this part back).After all I would say, that concept of visualized sound for vision and the prospect of a huge, abandoned house to explore are elements that make for a great game, (I wanted to like it so much), unfortunately, however, besides walking, tapping and listening, there is not much more to do in the house."
76561198369571958,Recommended,426310,35213798,Posted: 25 September,all,Duncan213,"Good horror game for Halloween!Just in time for Halloween, this game is a vary spooky game when you go from the 1980s to the 1692 Salem Witch Trials /Mass Murder.Ita good play when you look past with some of the glitches."
