user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198041756431,Recommended,426790,25021795,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Klay Martin Jay,"This is an Ubisoft game with the production quality of a professional team and the love and devotion of an indie game.This is an Ubisoft game that doesn't require Uplay.This is an Ubisoft game that is a sequel that not only lives up to, but also improves upon the goundwork of the original.This game is a freaking marvel."
,Recommended,426790,24956140,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Best and Most Having of Perform,"This game should easily have a 100% positive. If you liked Grow Home, this is more of the same and then some, which is all you can ask for (Grow Home was fantastic but rather short). If you like bumbling around, grabbing animals and running around dragging them on the ground, riding giant peni....starplants to the moon, playing dress up with P.O.D., then this game is for you."
76561198022750630,Recommended,426790,25032697,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,michael_kuerbis,"First off all, note that the Steam version of Grow Updoes not require Uplay.The game is basically more of Grow Home. Now there is an entire planet with many floating islands to explore and there are additional means of movement. However, the focus has shifted towards exploration which makes the game even less linear.If you enjoyed Grow Home, then you will definitely enjoy Grow Up as well. Totally worth 10€."
,Recommended,426790,32667439,Posted: 22 June,all,Kirillionaire,"Scratches that platforming itch. Worth $5? Yeah.It's pretty short to be honest, I dicked around a lot and still only stretched it 6 hours.I love the way the game looks. The beatiful day/night color gradients, the luminous flora. There were some clipping issues from the camera when in caves though.I really wish there was more to do, as the core gameplay mechanics of the game, at first clunky, become intuitive and very pleasant to use, as is unlocking new abilities/flora/powers.I really hope this game gets an expansion, or a full-fledged sequel, because I sincerely enjoyed it.Maybe in the next one there should be planet-hopping, much more fauna to play and interact with, slower, but more steps of upgrades, maybe more diversity in upgrades as well. I'd also like more easter eggs and hidden fun stuff to find."
,Not Recommended,426790,28461056,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Oreoleo,"The movement abilities and upgrades that you get *far* too early in the game trivializes any sense of challenge Grow Up has to offer and completely undermines what made Grow Home so great. Why scale mountains, grow starflowers, or use plants to fling yourself higher when you can just jump off a ledge and jet pack/hang glider combo your way to any surface in the game? The original Grow Home had a fantastic sense of progression and accomplishment, and exploring each new area was exciting because you earned the right to be there. Grow Up seems to have a different design philosophy of letting the player go wherever they want unimposed and explore for exploring's sake, rather than challenging the player through the game's unique mechanics or any kind of thoughtful design. Double the content, but only half the game that Grow Home is. This could have easily been so much more."
76561198049312744,Recommended,426790,24952879,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Duck Knight,"A really good sequel to an amazing game.Also, boost glider was the best idea ever."
76561198035963425,Recommended,426790,25014679,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Fyræsir,Does what a sequel should do; adds to and enhances the original premise. An enjoyable zen-like exploration game that presents a satisfying challenge without combat or artificial difficulty. Perfect cure for a hard days work; get rid of the stress-ball and Grow Up. ;p
,Recommended,426790,25045100,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,genoforprez,"TLDR:Grow Upis an okay game on its own, but it strays from the simplicity and straightforwardness of the originalGrow Homeand as a result mostly fails to recapture the magic of the original.Though I am giving this game the thumbs up, this is going to sound like a negative review, because all I am going to do in this review is compare Grow Up to the first game, Grow Home. I do this for the people who played Grow Home so they can know what kinds of changes to expect. You may like them. Or if you're like me: you maybegrudgingly accept them.I was very excited to purchase this game on day one, since I was such a tremendous fan of the first game. I remember finally reaching M.O.M. and being frankly a little bit sad that the game was finally over. I was looking forward to experiencing much of what I loved about the first game, which included such great joys as:--The simple joy of going up, up, up, and UP! MORE UP!--Exploration! What will I find in this little cave?--Dragging objects and organisms back to a teleporter to be scanned for research--Picking plants and using them to traverse the environment in various waysLittle did I expect that Grow Up would fiddle with each of these wonderful gameplay elements, making each of them sadly a bit more boring in the process, resulting in a game that is not bad by any means, but doesn't have the same hook as the first. I'll explain each in turn:1. The simple joy of going up, up, up!In the first game, you start on a small island. It is the only real landmass. Everything else is just water for as far as the eye can see. The message is clear: this is not a game about traveling over land. There is only one direction you need concern yourself with and that is the UP direction. BEGIN YOUR ASCENT!This was wonderful in its simplicity. Climbing up rock faces and growing the stems of the star plant higher and higher was very satisfying if anything for the simple reason that you could always look down at any moment and SEE your progress.Now you have to concern yourself with scouring the surface of an entire planet, which is a lot of time spent NOT going up. There are also multiple starplants to grow now, which means even while you are growing one star plant, you know there are other ones that you still haven't even started. And get this: the starplants don't even grow all the way up! There is a hard limit on how high they grow! While still having things above them! This of course feels like blasphemy.The rest of the game follows this pattern as well: a move away from simple physical progress toward a more ""checklist"" style of gameplay, which is precisely the thing that makes it feel more pedestrian (figuratively and literally) than the first game.2. Exploration! What will I find?Exploration felt great in the first game. As you were ascending, you would come across islands of various sizes. Exploring them, you would find new things. New plants. New animals. New strange sights. You could drag these discoveries back to the teleporter for research, so each discovery was also progress.Grow Up makes exploration more boring in a couple of ways. First, it does the AAA thing of putting an icon over every important thing, so you don't even have to look for it. You just have to go where you're told. See what I mean about the checklist?No, you can't turn these icons off. And if you try to just ignore them, they have also added a companion named POD who is basically this game's version of Navi the nagging fairy. Yes, I'm serious and not exaggerating. You can't turn this off.You are also given a satellite view that you can use to get an aerial view of the entire planet at any time. You can move the view around, zoom in, zoom out. All of the important item icons appear under this view as well. No need to explore or look around. Everything is clearly marked and easy to pinpoint. Sigh.3. scanning discovered plants/animals for researchIn the first game, whenever you discovered a new plant or animal, you could drag it back to a teleporter to scan it into your research. This added a sort of physics puzzle to the game. Which teleporter can I feasibly get this to? How do I get it out of this cave? How do I get it down/up to the teleporter from there?Sadly, Grow Up completely removes this element of gameplay. Scanning objects into the teleporter for research is no longer a thing. At all.There is still ""research"" in the game.... kind of. Animals are now completely irrelevant. The only thing you can research are plants, and you do this by... just touching them. That's it. Sigh.Researching plants lets you use them. There are 40 plants to research. But you will never use them because there is really no need to. And even though there are 40, they all do the same 2 things. Which means touching all 40 plants is... just a checklist.4. Picking plants and using them to traverse the environmentThis works MUCH differently than the first game. Grow Up has you just touch a particular plant one time and it adds an infinite number of them to your inventory. You can use them anywhere, forever. There are 40 of them that do 2 things.In the original Grow Home, there were 3 or 4 plants that all did something different. However, you could only carry one of them on you at a time. So if you needed a parachute, you would have to GO FIND A DAISY and add it to your backpack. If you needed to glide, you would have to GO FIND A LARGE LEAF. No more! You have an infinite number of 40 plants that can be placed anywhere.But you won't need to. Jetpack, parachute, and glide are all built directly into BUD now. No plants required. And you don't really need any abilities outside those.5. Challenge MarkersThe game added ""challenge markers"". These are objects you touch that make you jump through hoops on a timer. This is literally one of my biggest video game pet peeves of all time. I refuse to say more about it.6. MiscI don't know why, but the camera seems a lot worse than in the first. It only has two settings: 1) Way too close, 2) Way too far away. I also constantly found myself battling with it for the angle I wanted while it tried desperately to give me a fine view of a wall. Don't remember that problem in the first game.Also, this game runs pretty poorly compared to the first. Possibly due to new shadow/lighting effects. I had to make a lot more adjustments to get it to run smoothly compared to the first game, which is kinda lame considering it uses Nintendo 64 sized polygons.BUD has a problem hanging onto the growing starplants compared to first game. He lags behind the tip he's holding and will fall off while riding it or right after it connects with a crystal, even though you are still squeezing the grip. Don't remember that being a problem in the first game.Conclusion:For all of the above reasons, Grow Up proves a fun return to our little red robot friend, but as a game, it has a lot of new features that feel useless, unnecessary, or naggy; meanwhile, it abandons the simple joy of going up, up, up with the more tedious affair of checking useless collectibles off a list. It also asked me to jump through hoops before a timer ran out, which I am still grumpy about.Verdict:7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,426790,24959022,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"Has better planet exploration than No Man's Sky.Also, it's published by Ubisoft but it does not use Uplay.Overall it's a really good sequel to the previous game as it keeps most of the things the previous game had and adds a lot more, such as a bigger map and easier to obtain abilities. It seems a bit unstable though, as it has crashed twice during the 3 hours I have played so far. Although this seems to be partially due to AMD drivers.Playtime:Main objective finished after 5 hours with some collectibles left.100% Completion with all achievements after 11 hours.https://youtu.be/RRbEsCv8EoI"
,Recommended,426790,24967529,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[DF] PopCap,"Grow Up is an extremely well made sequel to a game I adored, and had tons of fun in. It's a great sequel in the sense that it maintained the core mechanics of Grow Home, while successfully integrating newer gadgets and in game activities that didn't take away from, but added to the overall experience. For example, replacing the leaf glider from the first game with the actual glider gadget was a small but extremely useful change, same with the glider gadget instead of the flower pedal. Early game however, the new mechanic of planting the seed of any plant you've come across helped with clearing large gaps and gaining altitude quickly, something much easier later in game.I'm still working on 100% completing the game, however, as I've come over halfway there, I just feel like this game is shorter than Grow Home. I would say that is my only conflict with it."
76561198001192813,Recommended,426790,25496069,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,McFly,"Grow UP is the polished-up sequel of Grow Home. Similarily to the Portal franchise the first game was mostly just an experiment while the successor is a full-budget game. Has everything improved since our last journey with BUD the botanical research robot? Here's a short list of pros and cons:PROS+A Whimsical adventure game with lots of places to explore and things to experiment with. The  game is fueled by the player's curiousity.+Don't need experience with the first game to be able to play this one. It's very easy to get into.+The graphics are cute and bright but easy on the eyes, showing off quite a bit of beauty in it's own style. Which is perfect for this type of game, and will surely age well. Love the little critters and glowing flora.+Different plants and tools which you can use to explore and shape the enviroment.+The game is purely physics based that might need some getting used to in regard to controlling BUD, but you can learn at your own pace and take bigger challenges as you get more confident.+Sound effects and music are all fitting and satisfying to the ears.+Bigger in scope then the first game with increasingly improved means to get around the varying landscape.+Messing up and accidentally falling to your death has no penalty aside from being respawned at the last teleporter you visited which are all neatly scattered across the map.+Cheesey but endearing humour that replaces the more ordinary, point-of-fact tutorial and mission objective dialogue we're used to.+Feels less clunky then the last game. The need for climbing everywhere and picking up singular leafs to use as gliders has been replaced with more satisfying rewards that help you get around.+Guaranteed 9-12 hours of adventure which can vary based on your skill and ability to create your own goals. Example: ""I wonder if I can fling myself into orbit... hmmm let's find out!"" (spoiler alert: you can and it's absolutely amazing)+Absolutely worth the 10 dollar price tag. Even if you're not sure if this game is for you, it really doesn't hurt to try it out.CONS-The physics-based controls might not be to your tastes. They're tough to get used to and you need patience and precision to get BUD to move properly in tight spaces or slanted platforms.-No battle-type action or hidden horrors here. If you're looking for that, this isn't the game for you.-If you don't care for finding secrets and just finish the primary missions of the game without stopping, it might only be a few hours long depending on your skill.-Less focus then the last game. This can be good or bad depending on your taste. The game is completely open-world and you can choose where to go yourself, but does feel lacking in direction and progression. Star-plants are way easier to grow then in the last game, and aren't as much of a focus in this one.-Though you can grow your own plants, the mechanic is rather bare bones and you will probably only use about 4 or 5 plants as actual tools. The rest are basically just decorations that only fit in their specific enviroments and look out of place almost anywhere else.- Following up on that; If they wanted people to go all-out in exploring and using the fauna of the planet, they should've made ALL plants scanable and growable and make the planting less frustrating. BUD lazily throws seeds in a tough to predict arc which is hard to aim on any surface that isn't perfectly flat. And sometimes the way the plants are facing can be completely random making sure you have to correct and re-correct yourself a lot.And those are my quick thoughts on the game, if the cons don't sound too bad to you then I suggest you go and buy it right now! I can safely say it's one of the best 10 dollar I've ever spend on one product."
76561198023555368,Recommended,426790,30104412,Posted: 22 February,all,comp9,"In “Grow Up” our hero B.U.D. has finallycome of agefor the challenges he will face. This time B.U.D. unlocks all kinds of abilities and items to assist in his journey. Playing the prequel, “Grow Home” isn’t a prerequisite. If you play only one of the two games, choose this one.Control/movement feels tighter and faster than in “Grow Home”. Controlling B.U.D. is a blast and it’s hilarious to see how he’s constantly trying to balance himself. Items are managed better now, in the previous game it was sometimes annoying to wander around to find the desired seed--here you just select the ability seed you want and instantly grow it. The overview map is a great addition as well.Secrets and items to find, brief story, open world, this game has it all. Completionists will enjoy finding all 150 crystals. Some of the timed challenges even felt like a fun-filled nostalgic throwback to the flying challenges in Spyro 3.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,426790,25024464,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ShakeTheSnake,Better than no mans sky
,Recommended,426790,25274083,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,noobman144,"A fantastic sequel to one of my favorite casual games on steam!Grow Up takes everything I loved about Grow Home and improves it tenfold!Pros:-A massive and beautiful world to explore-More variety in mechanics like the glider, ball form, etc-Unlocking new suits by doing challenges-A cute map system that lets you see nearby challenges/crystals/teleporters-Going to space!!-No UplayCons:-Once you get 60 crystals the game loses any sense of challenge(60 crystal upgrade should've been the second-to-last one imo)-Ball form is essentially useless-Batteries recharge a bit too fast-No options to turn off POD dialogue or turn on AAOverall:If you enjoyed Grow Home you'll love this game! It's cute, beautiful, and highly addictive!I hope that Reflections keeps making games because I absolutely adore everything they've put out so far!"
,Recommended,426790,25022904,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,PenguinToast,"Great followup to a great game, my only complaint is that you maybe get a little too poweful too quickly but honestly I think that probably makes it more fun"
,Recommended,426790,26733987,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,sgt zookles,"Grow Up is the first game but placed into Microsoft Paint and expanded to about 400%. It's a lot bigger but - taking both games as wholes - that doesn't necessarily make it better.For one thing, the ""oh look, there's this cool place that I can't reach yet"" feel of the first game has been almost completely removed: you can pretty much get anywhere you want after just a couple of jetpack and glider upgrades. Sure it's fun to fly around wherever you like, but it changes the game into more of an open world experience in which you glaze over all the environments on your quest, as opposed to getting up close and exploring the interesting, meticulously crafted islands of Grow Home.There's still crystals to find (as well as challenges to beat) so completionists like myself will be quite happy running around collecting everything, but as the dopamine wears off, hunting down the last few remaining challenges and crystals becomes a downright chore even with the crystal radar; as there's an entire planet and hundreds of floating rocks to scour.It might seem like I'm not recommending this game, which isn't true. If you liked the first one, then play this one, you won't regret it. But if you haven't played either, play the first one first.Like its predecessor,  Grow Up is fun and relaxing while still offering a challenge, and that's definitely a victory in my book."
,Recommended,426790,25025296,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Luvs2Fast,Perfect sequel to Grow Home
,Recommended,426790,25028547,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,dirty matt,it's hard to believe ubisoft made something good
,Recommended,426790,24996033,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Azer1652,The game is great glance (read as: better and improved).
,Recommended,426790,25409930,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Orleans,"Absolutely great game! almost completely finished it, its a beautiful and fun game, but cant find this dam last crystal 149/150 and last floraform! but still 5/5 stars love it!"
,Recommended,426790,25296098,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Murray,"No Mans Sky - 18 Quatillion planets = boring, repetitive, same crap different planet.Grow Up - One Planet with a moon and a ton of plants, flowers, animals, and a ton of different abilities and ways to move around this planet = a smaller sandbox, but with tons of beautiful variety.10 outta 10!"
,Recommended,426790,28237613,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,YellowAfterlife,"A delightful game. Bigger, prettier, and more polished than it's predecessor.BUD now has not a continent to explore, but a whole planet, complete with different biomes, plants, critters, caves, flying islands, and asteroids in outer space.While it has a slow[-ish] start, the game gradually picks up, and new game elements (planting, map, challenges) make it a game that can be both calm and ""exploratory"" and challenging at once.Takes 8-ish hours to complete (and a bit more if you pursue achievements), which is a pleasant improvement from the first game.Developers seem to have been aware of pretty much all issues from the first game, which led to numerous tweaks to things that were irksome in that.Two things that were of minor bother here are:* Doesn't play too well with GFX 970m. Once again I am betrayed by this ""high-end graphics card for laptops"" - the game does not run at a consistent framerate unless lowering the resolution to 1440x900 or so.* It does not seem to be possible to uproot things that you plant - I had almost made one of the challenges impossible on accident with careless placement of a single (larger-than-expected) plant."
,Recommended,426790,26405248,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Leonard,"Does everything a sequel should do. Gives you more of the same while still adding a lot new stuff to keep in interesting.It's like Grow Home but with a lot more interesting mobility options and a greater more interesting world. The game also feels less tedious than the first one because of the new abilities and because they are less limited than in the first game.Grow Up again has a lot of crystals to find to improve your abilities but this time there also are little challenges that give you skins (with smaller passive abilities).The Story is not important and isn't very interesting but the graphics are quite alright, especially with the scale of the world and the lighting.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=792416193It took me around 9h to 100% complete the game which is slightly longer than the first one but it felt a bit less tedious in the later parts than the first game. I would recommend the game for completionists as well.Also, the games doesn't use uPlay which is great."
,Recommended,426790,24959258,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ReVanTis,Get glider ability and 40 gems as soon as you can.Then you can enjoyInfinite Power Glider Simulator.
,Recommended,426790,25022826,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,404_Not_Found,"PLEASE READ: Due to the PC version lacking uplay (which seemed like a godsend at first), you cannot get certain items within the game that you can get on console versions. Effectively, that means the PC version has less content.If you're still interested in getting the game on PC or just want to know if it's worth it at all, read on.Overall this is in every way an improvement over the last game. It feels like a proper sequel; it's bigger, better, and still maintains what the original game was all about.There are a few minor things that I consider problematic - the major one is listed above. That is the game's biggest flaw, that its versions are not consistent across platforms. This is a big deal in 2016. It is, however, possible to get all the achievements in the game and the devs did at least say they'll look into not making the content unavailable on PC appear in the trading cards anymore which was originally what led to a lot of people's confusion about ""missing content.""Other problems involve some stutter that just barely avoids qualifying as lag. It can screw you up on challenges but I did still manage to complete them all and I am not a very skilled gamer. I am running a fairly high-end PC though and I am unsure how it would perform on lower-end machines.And finally, there is the problem that even if the challenges aren't...well, always challenging, I personally liked the old system of finding things in the world and tossing them into scanners for completionist's sake, it was usually less stressful. I suppose the main issue I have with the challenges though is, the whole goal is to jump through hoops, literally. It's pretty easy to lose track of the hoops you're supposed to jump through and can sometimes make you repeat a challenge. I think having either some kind of dotted line to guide you or having a counter for how many hoops remain on each challenge would be helpful in those cases since you are timed during them.The good points of the game are, not only can you scan plants just by grabbing them and pressing X (or square if you're using a PS4 controller) but now they also actually do something. You can plant them anywhere you want on the map and have them grow a new plant. It's a pretty good way to cheese challenges or just goof around when you're bored.The newly-added POD view is also a great new feature, especially since you can be easily disoriented in this large new world you have to explore. It also comes with a waypoint system which I used constantly to find my way around.All the familiar things are back, you still use tele-routers to get around, you still unlock new suits for abilities, and you still collect crystals to become super OP. It's overall very rewarding now and the crystal radar has even been improved to extend its range when you only have a few crystals left so you aren't left stumped as often.I absolutely recommend this on consoles and do recommend it on PC if you don't mind that you are missing out on a few things. There is likely a video online that'll show you all the differences if you're interested."
76561198061492629,Recommended,426790,24952161,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lordy,"Never played Grow home, loving this already!Controls are a bit confusing at first, so it can make it a tad bit difficult to climb when you are new, Falling off a giant cliff face is the most annoying thing!Love the art style and the music.Will play more when i get the time."
,Recommended,426790,24968834,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Scabard,"First 20 minutes of gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77wmMRz6TIcI am a huge fan of the first game, Grow Home. Although it was a short gameplay experiment, it really shone as a great example of original gameplay mechanics. Grow Up is no different, it keeps the same movement system and world design but adds lashings of new abilities and a much larger game world to explore. It feels just like Grow Home but adds so much content and keeps the price low, which is exactly what fans of the original wanted.If you liked the first game, you have to pick this up."
,Recommended,426790,24966103,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[ϟϟ]The Rapeman-138,"A great sequel to an already great game.The developers innovated, expanded, and most notably added an overview map to help navigate where one needs to go.I was a bit iffy when I saw the ball in the trailer but it turned out to be a fun mechanic, and good for getting around with quickly.Big ups to the developers for announcing this only a month ago, releasing it swiftly and actually giving us acompleted game.  In the modern context, a lot of games are released with huge bugs, no content, or are simply released as incomplete 'early access.Also, shoutz to the developers for not messing up the moving mechanics.  In some professional reviews of the original, casual idiots put the controls down as a flaw/negative but I see it as unique/interesting.If you enjoyed the original game, buy this one.Gj Reflections, make another.EDIT: I have finally finished at 100%.  It was a lot of fun, and hopefully another game in the series comes soon."
,Recommended,426790,24958134,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gittons,"A fantastic continuation to the original.New ablities,A whole world to explore,Several different starplants!New challanges,New costumess, new characters and new plants.Loads of polish and improvements to the old stuff.To see such a pure joy filled platformer in this day and age is a treat to say the least, will keep you going for longer than the first too which is a big plus."
76561198077572615,Not Recommended,426790,25222514,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,hoyt.nathan,"I really do like this game but I wanted to bring up a few of the flaws it has so that those who check the negative reviews know what might be disappointing (spoilers for the game):1) Once you get 60 crystals, the main objective (rescue MOM) becomes trivial to complete. If you take collecting the crystals seriously like I did, then you'll accomplish this in somewhere in the second area. This allows you to apply boost to your glider, which means you can fly literally to whatever height you want because of how quickly the boost comes back. You no longer need to bother growing or collecting anything because you can simply check the map for MOM parts and go get them. I firmly believe you could complete this game without growing a single starplant, which kind of defeats the purpose (MOM literally remarks on how you've been growing starplants when you rescue her, what if you didn't?).2) I've found no practical reason to use the ball form. It seems like it serves the purpose of faster ground travel, but honestly you spend so little time on the ground it seems pretty pointless; and you can get up to pretty good speed just by running and jumping off a champoline.3) Useless and far too useful fauna. One of the cool things introduced in this game is growing plants. However, a lot of the plants you collect seem either useless or redundant. Why grow a tall mushroom to climb when you can achieve greater height faster with a champoline? Why would I need to grow a cactus? Why do many fauna serve the exact same function? I wouldn't mind it as much if they didn't stay in the cycle. If I'm cycling through the fauna I might start to speed up to rush through the useless ones for the one I'm looking for, but accidentally pass it. There are also several fauna that can be a bit game-breaking (especially if you've unlocked the gardening suit, which is very easy to do): lily-pads could probably just remove water from your life (though I haven't tested that), and there's one that throws you a ridiculous height which, again, with the rocket glider adds to the pointlessness of trying to grow starplants. It's also very awkward to use a lot of the plants (catapult plants come to mind), though I think this was partly intended. And I couldn't figure out how to uproot plants on the PC, which I've seen people do in videos. I don't know if POD said it and I just missed it or what, but that was kind of bothersome to me that it doesn't tell me in the controls page.I think this game is great for people who want to 100% it. However, if your goal is to complete the main objective, then this might not be the game for you. I accomplished it in a few short hours thanks to how broken rocket glider is. You can very easily complete the main objective without growing all the starplants (which is supposed to be the whole point of the game), and I really think that is kind of disappointing.Fortunately, I am a 100%er, so I will probably return to this game pretty soon to finish my adventure.-----Also, for me personally the game ran fine. The controls are very wonky but you get used to them, I never had a crash or lag."
,Recommended,426790,30729282,Posted: 25 March,all,Spiffo,"Ubisoft should stick to indie games.EDIT:>Review After Game Completion<This is a lost Ubisoft Gem. Grow up is the sequel to grow home. I have not played grow home but I can tell you its probably just as good(and just as buggy) as this game. This is one of the better open-world games this company has made.If you are wondering about the open-world features then here they are:-Big planet to explore with no limits like far cry's watch towers to open up the map.-multiple gadgets to treverse the land with such as the glider, the air breaks to stop if you are about to crash, the jetpack. The seed thingy(dont know the name of) and the ball that you can transform into to go faster. All which can be upgraded by once again: running around like a retard looking for mystical collectables.-Game does not stop after you beat the game. There is not really an end to the game. Just a cutscene that says that you did it!Story:You are a cute little robot named BUD and you are exploring the galaxy with your mom... sorry: MOM, MOM is litereally your space-ship that crash lands on a planet which you must scavange the entire planet to piece together your mother... MOM!And you also get this alive sattelite that acts as your world map.He is actually kind of a bully, at the beginning of the game he is bragging of how much better he is then you, but as you explore and get lots of abilities he starts pleading thats its unfair that he just gets to look at things. The indie graphics are nice and enjoyable as well.You have the seed thingy which scans plants you find to plant them anywhere in the world to use to your advantage. The plants have special abilities. Some shoot you into the air. Some float and you hold on to them. Some even hurt you.I almost wanted to thumb this one down for multiple reasons:- The optimisation- the glitches- the controls- and because its from Ubisoft.I have an Nvidia GTX 970M @2.50 GHz with 16 GB RAM with an i7-4710HQ CPUI can run watch dogs 2 at ultra graphics but I cant run this at a reasonable FPS. I get FPS drops from around 40 to 20 FPS half the time I am playing,And the stupid glitches. There is a glitch with the challenges which you must fly through stupid hoops to get new outfits which have special abilities, where after you complete the challenge it fails to verify and resets itself utterly ignoring you have completed it, not giving you its rewards to get those new outfits. Also I sometimes have glitched and hopped about 50 feet into the air randomly.I cant believe Im saying this, but other then the glitches and poor optimisation:Good job devs and Ubisoft.And for real, Ubisoft should stick to indie games."
,Recommended,426790,25039097,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Theo,"+Original, beautifull graphics+Relaxing soundtrack+Fun gameplay+No uplayGrow Home was great but this is better."
76561198000255499,Recommended,426790,25047096,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dakota Johnny,"Grow Up is everything that I wanted in a sequel to Grow Home.The positives:+ More collectibles+ Challenges+ More costumes+ Huge world to explore with multiple biomes, new plants, and animals+ Mobility options are built into BUD instead of being plant based (i.e. Glider and Air Break instead of Flower and Leaf)+ Additional character in POD, who can help you find things on the mapThe negative:- BUD can be difficult to handle in challenges as you have to be more precise with his movements during a limited amount of timeOther than the one negative, Ubisoft Reflections has made a perfect sequel to the first game and they should be very proud of their work!"
76561198081043975,Recommended,426790,25067161,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Sully,"Leaping from the vast height of a low-orbit asteroid, falling for a good twenty seconds before tranforming into a ball, charging up and then rocketing across the terrain the second you let go of the button.Soaring above the clouds on a glider, observing the terrain for things to find and places to explore.Watching an alien sunset on the top of your newly grown Starplant.Clinging desperately to the side of a floating rock as you ascend your way up a broken spire of shattered earth.Frolicking through the fields of the plains, grabbing onto new plants to use them in your quest for even greater heights.Reaching such huge speeds that you rocket around a planet that would have taken you 10 minutes to traverse around on foot in seconds, either high above on a jet propelled glider or on the ground as a speedy orb.These moments are abound in Grow Up, and they make for an engrossing and incredibly memorable experience. A fantastic game, and an amazing sequel."
,Recommended,426790,30417411,Posted: 9 March,all,joexdtry,Even better than the first part. I demand a sequel. I'd even pay 50 bucks for it.Truly worth the money even though I recomend first playing the prequel not to be overwhelmed by the ton of features.A fun game for everyone who likes expolration and fun physics.
,Recommended,426790,25016553,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jagermesh,"Having now completed this game 100% I feel I should leave a review. As I'm writing this I have clocked about 10.3 hours of gameplay. The game is a great step forward from Grow Home and it's certainly felt within the first hour that it's been improved greatly. While searching for things I ended up going onto the discussions for help and saw the devs helping with issues which I must say is something I don't see too often now a days.The abilities are great and feel natural, even if you don't use the majority of them they are still fun to use for little things. My only issue with the game is that once you get so far in collecting the game can be done way too quickly and easily. For my 10 hours gameplay I think only about 6 or 7 hours actually went into collecting the items.TLDR: It's a fun and short game and if you liked Grow Home then you'll like this."
,Recommended,426790,24981789,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Magical Purple Man,"Grow Up is a perfect example of how to make a sequel, you remove/ change what didn't work, you add new stuff, you make the game bigger and you make it a better experience all around.So you are BUD, after the success that was the previous mission you have set off (presumably), back home but because MOM was busy playing Tic Tac Toe with you she hit a moon and MOM was blown apart into separate pieces, sprinkled all around the planet that the moon is orbiting, you must explore this planet to find MOM's pieces, fix her up on the moon and get back on track with your mission.This time you have POD helping you out, POD is a flying drone essentially that allows you to access a birds eye view at any time by pressing TAB, from here she can point out crystals, teleporters, challenges, ship parts and abilities that you can utilise.This time instead of a exploring a small island with a heck load of vertical, you get a whole planet with a heck load of vertical to explore, with unique biomes, which contain their exclusive plants, animals, challenges and mode.This time you have 4 Star Plants to grow, growing them is not the main goal of the game but they also count for 100% completion, they can help you easily reach higher places and they have their own unique stems, foliage and designs from each other.Around the world you can find these capsules which contain new abilities for BUD, some old, some new, BUD can then freely use these abilities to help in the exploration of the world.These abilities consist of:Floradex 3000: Back but with a twist, while also tracking what flora you have found in the world, you can generate a seed of any plant you find to plant anywhere you like, plant down a Champoline to make a springboard up a cliff, or make a bridge of Lily Pads to avoid deadly water.Jetpack: Returning from the first game, it's a jetpack, I think you can figure this out.Air Brake: The parachute flowers return but now it's a natural ability of BUD, once found you can press F any time in mid-air to slow your momentum and float down to safetyBall Form: A whole new ability that allows BUD to curl up into a form resembling a ball, funny that, it can primarily be used to absorb fall damage and bounce back up to not die from high falls, you can also charge up a boost while in this mode and spin dash like your favourite neighbour hood speedman.Glider: The Leaf is back from the first game but with a twist like the Air Break, once unlocked, by holding the Air Brake button (F default) you bring it out, it's unlimited and you can glide around like you'd expect, if you get enough crystals you can add rockets to it which are powered by you, so you can accelerate the the skies using it!Crystal Detector: Returning from the first, allows you detect crystals within a radius, yep.Crystals are also back from the first game but now there are 150 of them! Scattered throughout the world as you'd expect, getting past certain thresholds grant BUD more power over his abilities, such adding rockets to the glider, as more batteries to utilise the FloraDex, Jetpack, and Glider rockets, upgrading the Jetpack. Many things.Challenges are a whole new thing added for this game, they consist of time trials in which you must use your abilities to climb, jump, plant and glide through all the waypoints, showing you new areas and even a couple of crystals along the way, encouraging exploration.Completing the challenges grant new entirely new costumes (including the return of Ninja BUD from the first game) which grant whole new abilities and have their own unique visuals for each ability while in use, and all of them are helpful in their own way which I won't spoil.I haven't experienced any bugs in the game (outside of a sound glitch at 250 consecutive minutes in game), but people have reported having technical issues for the game but I can't really comment on that.Grow Up has done everything a sequel should do and it should be a insta-buy if you liked the first game at all. And for those who haven't played the first, Grow Up is the same price with more stuff and the kinks ironed out."
76561198302327851,Recommended,426790,33673295,Posted: 20 July,all,Sweet,"So, first things first. I have't beaten this game. If you didn't know, I am a type of explorer for large video game worlds. And this is the type of game that is just PERFECT for my standereds, beautiful senery and gorgeous assets throughout the game.The adorable main character, the amazing concept of ""growing"" vines to reach other planets, there are just so much things to discrover and witness in this worderful game, I highly reccomend it. nice work guys! ^_^"
76561198082700189,Recommended,426790,25253072,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Bitch Puddin',"Grow Up improves upon grow home in every concievable way while still retaining the charm of the original. Absolutely a worthy sequel to my favorite game of 2015, supremely recommended!*NOTE: If you haven't done so, play Grow Home first. Grow Home is absolutely worth experiencing, and this game will in all likelihood ruin you for it*"
,Recommended,426790,33774519,Posted: 24 July,all,questingbeast,For me this represents what Ubisoft CAN do if they look at something other than profit.It's an innocent little title that just has you growing plants to get high. Wait what?
,Recommended,426790,24997403,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Cl0ck,This game is a prime example of why you should not drink and drive when a child is in your space ship.
,Recommended,426790,24954141,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Staniel,It has humming sheep butterflies and grass that gets embarrassed and hides when you come too close.10/10
76561198078031348,Recommended,426790,25000099,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Stargazeer,"Making a new review now that there is a temporary fix for the crashes and I've been able to play the game.And what a bloody game.The perfect sequel to Grow Home. Totally surprised me with some amazing new mechanics, done in such a way that you feel you have actually progressed onward after the last one.The map starts off huge, but just like the last one as you progress the world gets steadily smaller with each upgrade or ability.The main mission is a great way to get used to the world. But it doesn't take you everywhere, and leaves you with plenty to explore afterward.Lots of people have complained about Bud's walk. Honestly, if you're walking you're doing something wrong. Between climbing, gliding, rolling, flying and falling you'll never be walking for any great length of time. One of my favourite movement systems in a game.To sum up:Pros:One of the best sequels to a game ever. If you liked grow home you'll love this.Vibrant art style with a whole lotta charm.Funny yet enjoyable movement system.Between the challenges, collectables and places to explore I feel that I'm going to get many hours out of this game.Cons:Early days bugs, including crashes. Issues with surround sound etcBit thin on the ground for menu options. No custom view distance, resulting in a bit of pop in."
76561198031278560,Recommended,426790,25008916,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Othobrithol,"The wobbling little robot is back with a much more impressive world and a whole new set of toys to play with. Just like its predecessor, this game features a minimalist art style that reminds you of early 3D console platformers like Mario 64.The largest changes from the previous game I have noticed include, first and foremost, a significantly larger world. It is now a sphere with multiple ground biomes, with a veritable swarm of floating islands. Verticality is taken to an almost ludicrous extreme. However, it does seem that what has been gained in scope has lost in detail : most crystals are not hard to find but rather hard to get to.The second notable change is a much more user friendly bag of tools. All of the special plants can be scanned and deployed at will. A new companion (POD, MOM is damaged and the quest this time around) provides not only commentary and tutorial, but also provides an overhead view and the ability to highlight a waypoint.Also added is a challenge system where by demonstrating your mastery of BUD and his...er...""unique"" physics, as well as your knowledge of how the plants help him, you can complete tests by passing through a set of targets within the allotted time. This extra minigame unlocks additional skins for BUD, such as a bee suit named BUG.I'm already addicted. The charm of the original is not lost and the game can be somewhat correctly called ""more of the same""...which to be honest, is a fantastic thing."
,Recommended,426790,26445592,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sammo™,"I enjoyed Grow Home but replaying it after playing Grow Up the new features and updates are obvious. Grow Home is so much more aggravating than Grow Up. I'd say you should definely check out this series but there is no need to play the first game. Just skip Grow Home. On the other hand I'd recommend you all to check out Grow Up. It's bigger, better gameplay, more collectibles, and still has the Grow Home feel but on a bigger scale."
76561198054810717,Recommended,426790,24984274,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,dustonpc,EPIC! Although not having to grab the animals into the machine is missing big time. Finished in one go.
,Recommended,426790,24960312,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,CrispyGMR,"This game is absolutely lovely. I immediately bought it on the moment I heard it was released.I used to play Grow Home in the winter. It's nice to just sit down and relax, climbing around with that funny red robot.It's a great game to just relax and unwind with.Grow Up is no different from that. It's even better, because it has everything what made Grow Home so good plus more!The world is now a big open globe which you can fully explore. Of course the goal is to go up into space, so there's lots of vertical variety.Like Grow Home the world is filled with interactive plants, which you can use as a trampoline or catapult etc. A new feature is that you can now scan these plants and plant them on your own. It's pretty cool.There are secrets to explore, challenges to complete and lots of diamonds to gather. With every X amount of diamonds you get a new upgrade to help you explore more.Definitely consider buying this if you like exploration and relaxing games.If you've played Grow Home and liked it, just buy this game. You'll love it.I played with a controller myself. But I can imagine that keyboard users won't find it as relaxing as it can be. I'd recommend to use a controller for this game."
,Recommended,426790,25734541,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Swampbunches,"Wonderful sequel to an already amazing game! It's more of the same with a few fun new variations. That's a good thing! The original game was all about exploring, a sense of wonder and dramatic shifts in scale. If you haven't played the first game I definitely reccommend you start there as this sequel doesn't waste much time with the basic mechanics. Super fun!*UPDATE*Definitely play Grow Home first if you have't already. It does a better job of introducing you to the mechanics and the way if unfolds really is wonderful. This is definitely a sequel for everyone who wanted to be able to do a little more in a bigger, more complex environment. But there's definitely something to be said for Grow Home's simplicity. Play it first. Play this one next!"
76561198068531426,Recommended,426790,30859615,Posted: 31 March,all,Τσολιάς,If you liked Grow Home you'll like this one as well because this is bigger! you have an entire planet with 4 biomes! you also have more suits that come with their own unique roles and more gadgets! Grow up is a must buy for all platformer fans! Oh and not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t achievements that require hours from your life! the achievements here are easy and fun!10/10 one of the best ubisoft-published games
,Recommended,426790,24961537,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Zelba,"It's games like these that make you believe in gaming industry again.While the first game «Grow Home» was very good on it's own, the sequel took notes of everything it could improve and did exactly that. It's still a game about climbing, about exploring this neat little world, about collecting different stuff for the sakes of gaining new ways of movement or just for the fun of it. Except that this time it's just more fun. It got so many handy little tweaks it needed, like a way to mark different objectives, new suits (obtainable through newly introduced challenges), new abilities and etc.visuals: besides the fact, that the game suffers from minor fps drops at launch, it still looks pretty good.audio: you barely notice soundtrack in a good way — it consists of several ambient tracks that fit perfectly to the game.gameplay: pretty much the same as «Grow Home» except with lots of new interesting stuff, like growing plants, that you can interact with in different ways.plot: there's little to no plot. You're just given a situation (your ship crashed) and a solution (go fetch broken starship parts). Writing is okay and sort of silly here and there.Summary/tl;dr: It's basically «Grow Home» on steroids. Bigger, better, more fun, more content. Absolutely recommended to everybody. You don't have to play the first game to enjoy it.Read some more reviews and watch some gameplay videos if in doubt."
,Recommended,426790,25097538,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Alberto Schofield,This is the first game I bought on my new PC. I must say that it's absolutely amazing. First of all: The artstyle is unbelievable! It's just a wonderful happy time in general! Just buy it! It's definetly worth the small price!
,Recommended,426790,25137268,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,constantcompile,"Everything that made Grow Home good, and more.Nitpicks include fiddly physics and an occasionally annoying partner.I would recommend playing ""Grow Home"" first to get familiar with things, though it's not essential."
,Recommended,426790,30018876,Posted: 18 February,all,Deadums,Another awesome one in this series. The graphics and controls are exactly the same but we have a new planet and a few more gadgets. And less climbing. Definitely worth getting all the achievements!
,Recommended,426790,30063620,Posted: 20 February,all,Sorenzo,"So far, I like the gameplay. Very chill, like the original.But I want to put on the record that, for me, Grow Up is actually running better than Grow Home did. I don't know if they changed the engine, or if my recent Windows reset (deleing all apps, but not data) made for a difference. But I can report that, for me, Grow Up is running better than expected."
,Recommended,426790,24987706,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,IronCascade,"TL;DR: Game is pretty short, but good.Long Version: Once again Reflections studio has made a charming, colorful little romp. While the original Grow Home had few technical flaws, this sequel attempts and doesn't exactly fail to improve upon it.However, both the original and this sequel have two glaring flaws: Length and replayability. Both games only need a scant few hours to complete, and once you're done you have almost no reason to play the game again. You'll have seen and done everything the games have to offer.It took me five hours, just playing casually, to collect all 100 crystals and log all flora/fauna in the original. Oddly it took the same amount of time to find all 150 crystals, complete all 40 challenges, log all flora, and bloom all four Star Plants.Short of a few achievements that require arbitrary actions to be performed, such as launching an animal more than 100 meters, the critera listed counts as 100% completion according to the respective games.The price for such short games is quite fair for its length, of course. I've seen games that are much shorter but have much larger price tags, so I cannot argue."
,Recommended,426790,24956791,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Nebsy,"You get high in this game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)This game is the second game of ""Grow Home"" It is a a game about reaching heights and collecting different things. You play as BUD, a fun character that isn't forgettable, he is a rock climber that gains abilities through progression in finding pods and crystals. Your main objective is to recover all of MOM's (the mothership) parts.Pros- Visually impressing, has great trendy artstyle.- More abilities making the game more exiting and enjoyable- Doesn't feel grindy at all- Highly creative and origonal gameCons- I felt like a CO-OP feauture would have been a great addition to this new game.- Lack of storyOverallA great game to kick back and enjoy adventuring and collecting, great for casual players that want to relax and enjoy climbing, flying and all that it gives.It's awesome to see the dev's reply to tweets on feedback too.Awesome follow up to the first game, i experienced 8 crashes in the same location here's the solution -link.Great job Reflections Studios!"
76561198154359417,Recommended,426790,25364597,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,私は尻を食べる,"Remember Grow Home? Yeah, its this game but literally 3x the content. great game"
,Recommended,426790,25959879,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Akka,"An impressive upgrade from the firstIf you haven't touched Grow Home then just skip straight to this game. It's a straight upgrade.You pilot a little red robot whose legs move as akwardly as octodad. You climb up huge cliff faces and point sprouts to the sky to climb ever higher. Instead of growing one plant to the stars you now grow four separate ones in unique enviornments with their own flora and mechanics. The macguffins you chase here are pieces of your crashed mothership, scoured around the whole planet.The biggest improvement stems from flying in the air. It's been executed way better in this game with latent power ups rather than consumable finite items.Once again the game half-expects you to collect the teeny tiny items but annoyances like that can ♥♥♥♥ right off. Assembling your ship takes less than three hours, just enough time to explore what you need while everything stays fresh and new."
,Recommended,426790,25154180,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MyNameIsAlexImGay,Addictive af and non repetitive.Good game
76561198140959873,Recommended,426790,25160738,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,cork25,"I love this kind of game. For me, it started with grow home. i loved that game! i found every single crystal and found all the flora and fauna. from there i went to gang beasts and then human fall flat. and when i saw that a sequal to grow home was coming i was overjoyed. i bought it as soon as i could and i love it. the new mechanics are great. but there were some things from the first grow home that i miss. first, you cant scan the animals. i liked dragging the poor little creatures to the telerouters and collecting them all. now in grow up, you can scan all the flora (except for really small ones) and then take the seeds and plant as many as you want. second i liked how hard it was to find all the crystals in grow home. in grow up you have a scanner and it will show you where the crystals are. also the crystal radar thing has a HUGE range and it makes it really easy to pin point which isalnd they are on. but i mean the world is much larger so it would be really hard to find the crystals if you didnt have the radar. all in all i rate this 10/10"
76561198091805269,Recommended,426790,33596209,Posted: 16 July,all,ihavenoname,"Just as an awesome game as the first one, but with alot of additional features :D"
,Recommended,426790,34282546,Posted: 16 August,all,"gui fiery, mayor of flavortown","This is what a sequel SHOULD be. New content, improvements on the mechanics of its predecessor, and no dumb new unnecessary mechanics."
,Recommended,426790,24984489,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The Colonel,"a lot bigger than the first one, but the game upgrades your movement options to match. just as relaxing as the first game, and rolling into a ball and launching yourself into orbit is one of the most fun ways to get around. grow home took ubisoft collectables and made them fun, grow up does the same to ubisoft world exploration."
,Recommended,426790,25471174,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,KyuremaTaurus,Bee Songs: REALLY cute and creative :)Graphics: BeutifulSuits: cool ability's and stuff :DHow much I hate/like the game: AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,426790,24975407,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Splagoon,"I absolutely loved Grow Home, so I was really excited when they announced Grow Up back at E3. Now that I've got my hands on it, I gotta say: it's basically Grow Home butway biggerandway cooler. If you're looking for some calm, open-world exploration, you've come to the right place!"
76561198074232603,Recommended,426790,30862189,Posted: 31 March,all,Heistenduck,"THios is how you do a sequel, i've only played 6hrs when i wrote this and I intend to play more. There is more to do, more to explore, the costumes are rewarding and aren't just cosmetic (having a bug platform carry you is something you will never forget), the game world is way bigger at the sacrifice of height.Overall it's a very fun exploration game and i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,426790,24961839,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,何,"Great game, enough said"
,Recommended,426790,24958616,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Celador,"Better than No Man's Sky. Also cheaper.Seriously though - it's a fun, cheap little game which improves on everything Grow Home was. It took me 13 hours to get every single achievement and unlike some people i did not encounter any crashes or game breaking bugs (except one block didn't spawn so i had to start a new game to get one achievement and some weird sound issue after 8 hours of playing).You get pretty graphics, you get easy and relaxing puzzles and you get it for a relatively small price. It's amazing how Ubisoft can completely ruin some games, have the worst support out of all game developers (waiting two month's for them to answer one ticket) and yet have the talented people capable of making something unique and fun like this game.So im definitely recommending this."
,Recommended,426790,26883582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mal,"Grow Up has everything you could have wanted in a sequel. The fact that you're now on a round world instead of a flat surface drastically changes the scope and feel from it's predecessor Grow Home. There's something simply charming and relaxing about gliding and rocketing around the beautiful world, not having to worry about a serious narrative, stressful gameplay mechanics, or any pressure to be ""good"" at the game. It's enjoyment for enjoyment's sake.Grow Up is the pure essence of a fun game."
76561198040482040,Recommended,426790,29901726,Posted: 13 February,all,Bialas,"After Grow Home, this game feels less of everything (especially fun) despite a bigger world. It's not that satisfying as the first part and you can get bored after awhile. Grow Home felt more challenging with growing only one plant, with Grow Up you have few of them but you acomplish the targer very quickly. Most of the time I spent searching for crystals and a bit on the new POD challanges.In the end - it's not a bad game but definitely worse than it's predecessor. Not always bigger means better."
,Recommended,426790,24958872,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ChoGGi,"If you liked Grow Home, you should like this. Although I have yet to see a giant growing ""plant"", I sure did like riding that monster...Release day seems rife with frequent crashing, so I'd wait for first patch before playing (or playing anymore in my case)http://steamcommunity.com/app/426790/discussions/0/353916981476044258/Update: crashing bug was fixed (issue with 5.1 audio), and there's a few starplants to ""ride"" :)"
,Recommended,426790,29928046,Posted: 14 February,all,♔SirKnee♔,"This game is simpoly incredible for about 90% of the time. Compared to Grow Home, the pacing a lot worse."
76561198057280248,Recommended,426790,25061848,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chaingun,"If you liked grow home, you'll love this. Power ups from crystals were inchanced, outfits were expanded and a whole new mechanic of planting plants to jump around the world. While I enjoyed my time with the time immensley, I feel it has a few small flaws in comparison to the first game.In no particular order:1. Gliders and boosted gliders are given very early on, this not only allowed me to 100% the game in 7 hours (in contrast I 100% the original in 10), but also quickly makes using the planting mechanic redundant.2. This game is an evolving platformer to me- from climbing to jumping to only flying. The reason you got a huge sense of scale from the first game wsa that for the most part, you had to climb ALOT (which I enjoyed) in this game although it is much bigger, climbing dissapears very quickly to move around in faccor of gliding (also fun but the game is about 30% and 70% gliding while the first got the balance just right).However the map is extremley helpful and challanges are also a fun addition.TL;DRIf you like a nice relaxing game that focuses on exploration and has more chram than a puppy but this game."
76561198092184770,Recommended,426790,24964519,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Marioman2769,"Grow Up is amazing. Everything from the first game is here, and tons more has been added. A huge open world, cute characters, and relaxing/hilarious gameplay makes this a great buy."
76561198043224348,Recommended,426790,25199705,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,leatherface4000,"A great game for all ages. If you enjoy open worlds with collectibles and unlockables than this game is for you. The art style is cute and the game is relaxing to play. Its almost therapeutic. This is something you could sit and enjoy with your kids, with your spouse, with a friend, or just by yourself. Plus, for ten dollars its a steal."
,Recommended,426790,25226477,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kawa,"Grow up is the sequel to grow home and did exactly what a sequel should do that is,keep the foundation and expand on it.Now we have more powerfull abilities used to explore a vast world,not just one giant plant like in the previous game.The gameplay is heavily momentum based and skill and really tight making the level cealing really high,the graphics are simplistic but prety,topping off with a real insane topspeed and you got yourself a beautifull playground.They spiced up the gameplay loop with the hability to plant any plants you find on the fly,so even without late game habilities you should still have the tools to reach high places without having to climb it all.Grow up is the perfect sequel to a charming and gameplaywise tight game,it may be my favorite game of all time,buy it."
,Recommended,426790,25056597,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,hughes,"Beautiful game. The visuals, sounds, and animations are stunning. Very gentle and fun gameplay.I like that the play area is much larger than in the previous episode.The mid- and late-game abilities are fun, but kind of break the challenge of platforming. I wish their use was more constrained."
,Recommended,426790,25059598,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ewzzy,Chill exploration. I want so much more of this.
76561197982960863,Recommended,426790,25055566,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Joecuster,This game is one of the best I've ever played. It is probably one of the only good games Ubisoft publishes nowadays too. Theres a lot of fun/rewarding content for 10$
,Recommended,426790,25734856,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Caltonix,A genuine joy to play. The right level of difficulty for a relaxing game and a perfect length. One of my favorite games and a worthy successor to Grow Home. It did everything you hope a sequel to do.
,Recommended,426790,25077488,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"This is the best thing ever and it makes me extremely happy.Grow Home is a wonderful game and it's sequel is everything Grow Home is but better. uh a lovely, lovely game."
76561198023749627,Recommended,426790,25029578,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Neocatzeo,This game is everything the original Grow Home was and better.It's cheap and it's a very fun AAA game.https://youtu.be/iXgjUJMBJME
,Recommended,426790,30805902,Posted: 28 March,all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"Just as much fun as the first game Grow Home. safe for kids, no fun with friends."
,Recommended,426790,24962201,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Carlz0r,"3 hours in, and so far, just a huge improvement over the original.  BUD is back, but with new abilities, the task of collecting the broken pieces of his beloved ship, and a bigger world to explore!With an unlockable airbrake and glider function, you no longer need to carry flowers or leaves.. Roll up into a ball like our favorite female space-faring bounty hunter, and boost like some kind of trademarked blue hedgehog.. throw seeds of any plants you find, to create climbing surfaces, platforms, bounce pads, and more, anywhere you like.. and those are just a few examples.Participate in quick challenges to unlock costumes that do more than just swap your skin or color palate, and of course collect crystals like in the first game, to augment your existing abilities and jetpack power.All of this takes place on a whole planetiod this time, giving you a much larger playing area, while usually not feeling empty or boring.Be warned that SOME users are reporting frequent crashes right now.. but this is the first day, so I'm sure these problems will be fixed soon.. make sure to check the updates and discussion board for info.  Anyway, I think most users are safe from this problem.. it hasn't affected me so far."
,Recommended,426790,33246400,Posted: 4 July,all,Major Idea,If you've played Grow Home:This is a LOT more of that - Which is great!If you haven't played Grow Home:Play Grow Home - It's a tinier game but much more charming and elegant for it.
,Recommended,426790,26000799,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Matthias,It's a great game.
,Recommended,426790,25341146,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,StaggerNight,"If you liked Grow Home...This game will make you ♥♥♥♥ with excitement. 10 / 10 would ♥♥♥♥ againThey took Grow Home, made it probally about 50x bigger, way more collectables for the completion people like me, ( I 100% this game )Abunch of new abilltys like booster glide packs, more skins with bonuses, new battery system, copy plants in your surrounding, 4 star plants with it own biome and SAMUS BALL MODE. ( and more )I recomend completly if you liked Grow Home or games Like journey and Flower"
76561198031338611,Recommended,426790,25640144,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Meeps,"The sheer joy of exploration, a key component of Grow Home and expanded upon in Grow Up. 10/10 Would complete 100% again."
76561198151138813,Recommended,426790,29344400,Posted: 18 January,all,Nickname34 Hellcase.com,very cute game
,Recommended,426790,26063539,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Robo,Great sequel to chill out with.
,Recommended,426790,25031058,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,johnn134,One of the best action adventure games of the year. Grow up manages to take the original concepts from Grow Home to a whole new level. This game provides an experience of exploring a space to the fullest that is unmatched by any other platformer. Gliding in orbit miles above the planet's surface is truly magical.
,Recommended,426790,25168717,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,W4sD,"Well, thats that. 100% all achievements completed. A tad faster game to fully complete than the first one but an awesome and very pleasant experience. If you are already here then buy this and the first one, enjoy them in order and never grow old!I shall now fly to the sun and have my journey completed!"
,Recommended,426790,25646679,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Miley Cyrus,"It is like rediscovering Grow Home all over for the first time. I didn't think it was possible, but this is better than Grow Home.  Going down in my book as one of the most enjoyable games of the year."
,Recommended,426790,25082913,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Butterknife,"Fun, light-hearted, and a great sequel to Grow Home. Was enjoyable beginning to end. Go for the 100% completion for the extra challenge!"
,Recommended,426790,25639925,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,okimy,Grow Up is an amazing game where you are stranded on a strange planet. Your ship (MOM) crashed and you have to find the different pieces of the ship and reassemble it. The story might not be the most interesting or deep story you have ever played trough but the gameplay is (imo) pretty amazing.The controls might be a little bit sluggish but nonetheless flying trough the air with a glider is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun. I bet this game would work great with vr and things like that but sadly the devs haven't implemented vr support yet.I would say the game is an atmospherical game you can play to relax and to free your thaughts. I can recommend this game to everyone who likes to play atmospherical games. And to the people who don't: Try it! It's a great game and you should have at least tried it.
,Recommended,426790,25063980,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,That'sASpicyMeme,"This is probably one of my favorite games, as it is very entertaining and is good as a stand alone game. My problem is the inability to alter the controls in any way. If you can pilot the Glider and the Starplant with inverted w/s, I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,426790,25064976,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Shal,Wonderful puns and funny references thrown in. The gameplay is fun and the player feels a great sense of progression as they explore this game's expansive and interesting world. This game is WELL worth the $10 CAD price tag.
,Recommended,426790,25065150,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Spaghetta,"Fun game, played it all the way through in one sitting. Very relaxed."
76561198044245378,Recommended,426790,25069219,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mr_Happy,Lovely exploration platformer. I found the pace of upgrades to your movement to be just right so you are never hampered by your speed or mobility as you want to explore further and further; this is especially nice when it comes to looking for those last few collectibles.Aestethics and theme are very bright and childish even. Suits the game as the world does not actively try to harm you (no enemies) and you are free to just have a good time jumping and flying around to your heart's content.
,Recommended,426790,26949599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swiftlymagical,Pretty much the only game I've found that can instantly make my smile in child-like wonder and in the next minute make me swear like a sailor. Awesome game
,Recommended,426790,25271392,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,rixu,"We had a lot of fun playing the first one with my son who was 4 at the time. Great idea to release the sequel almost on his 5th birthday ;) The game is lovely and fun, and I'm addicted to collecting everything so we'll have a lot to do for a while. I definitely recommend for everyone."
,Recommended,426790,25061276,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Moona,"Grow Up is the most fun i think i've ever had in a game. If you like games in which you explore and collect things, this is the game for you.PLEASE NOTE: The Steam version of this game does NOT require UPlay."
76561198028601118,Recommended,426790,25001919,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,A Mean Guy,"Most sequels don't live up to it's prequel.Grow Up does, so that's always a good thing. One question however, there are a hefty amount of suits only unlockable for Uplay Club members, does that mean they are completely unavailible to Steam users?EDIT: Turns out they are currently locked for PC users, with no indication of them coming, unfortunate, but this is still worth the dosh!"
,Recommended,426790,34397564,Posted: 21 August,all,Wildt,"Building on the solid foundation laid out with Grow Home...(my reviewhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/wildt/recommended/323320)...Ubisoft managed to fertilize the concept and improve pretty much everything.Mom's ship has crashed, and it's 8 parts are spread across a world much larger than the one in Grow Home. In order to collect these parts, you're motivated to grow not one, but 4(!) star plants in the same manner as in you did in the prequel. The last one will aid you reach the moon, where re-assembly of Mom is to take place.One of my biggest complaints with the first game was how much tedious climbing you'd have to endure. The devs fixed this by enabling you to collect the seeds of 24 different plants that grow throughout the lush world. Utilizing these, you can grow the craziest plants that'll blow/whack/bounce/hurl/carry you to places you otherwise couldn't...  that is unless you find the jetpack and glider abilities along with enough crystals (there are 150!) to supercharge them both.At the time I had repaired Mom, I had also made myself so liberatingly mobile that I simply HAD to dive back down to the planet with my boosted glider searching for crystals and the last few telerouters amongst other achievement related discoverables.This is top notch sandbox exploration indeed, and depending on how many achievements you aim for, it'll take you anywhere from 5 to 15 hours I reckon.82%"
76561198019424810,Recommended,426790,24956678,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Doubleclick,"Grow Home was great, but this is improved in every way. If you didn't jump in on the debut game, there's no real reason to play it - just get this one. I was in love within minutes.I will update as I go, but you don't need to play a lot of it to know if it's for you. It is one of those games about the joy of exploration, but unlike most it's got several solid gameplay systems at the centre of this premise so you stay engaged with the process of explore/acquire/improve.[Further...] 100%ed: all crystals, all challenges, all plant DNA, feeding all starplants. This will be one of my favourite things this year without a doubt. It's given me 15 hours of gameplay to get to 100%, although you could certainly do it in much less time. I just had so much fun flying around, especially as the collectibles conferred increasing bonuses on my flying abilities. Even after completion, I was still swooping around the place and having fun threading the plane through any narrow gaps in the landscape. A wonderful game."
,Recommended,426790,24959591,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,hives,"grow up takes good qualities from grow home, and throws more stuff into it. the way the world feels is beautiful, and the fact that there are multiple starplants, and multiple ideas put into this game is great. its good in a lot of ways, but, it has some problems too. the camera, like grow home, is a bit crap, which can make the challenges, which are new, tedious, and feel frustrating. the challenges, while an interesting idea, dont really make sense. they reward you with skins, whihc is cool too, but they really arent worth it. the game also tells you where everything is when you get close to it, whihc can make the search and explore feel ruined. the janky controls, while they work well in grow home, in grow up, they really make the game feel clonky, and sometimes, make the game aggrivating, and makes you fall when you should have grabbed on to the side of something. i would 100% say try this game out, but it does have its problems, as any game should. its beautiful, but needs a tad bit of work on it to make it feel better. basically, the controls cant be as janky as they were in the first"
,Recommended,426790,28825556,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,acidzebra,"Such an adorable game. Bigger in scope than the previous game ""Grow Home"", it introduces some new mechanics, a much larger world, and a license to go explore and do your thing whatever it may be. Grow plants. Mess around with the local wildlife. Hangglider around and see the beautifully rendered world go by as the gentle day and night cycles play over the land. The art style is deceptively simplistic, highly consistent and visually pleasing. The music and sound effects blend in naturally (and have a pleasantly retro '28k modem' feel to them for us oldtimers). There are tons of fun surprises both large and small hidden throughout. The climbing mechanic works well as long as you don't try and hurry. In fact, this whole game works better if you take it as a giant sandbox to mess around in rather than something to achieve/complete/be 'good' at. Or at least that's what I thought. And hey, if you fall, pop your glider/jetpack/airbrake and either get right back to where you were or go see what that shiny thing over there is.It's currently on sale for $5 but even at its regular $10 it would be a good buy."
,Recommended,426790,33750057,Posted: 23 July,all,Chunkey,Give me mooooore! Please!
,Recommended,426790,24958716,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Skellyhell,More fun on one planet than No Mans Sky can offer on 18 Quintillion!
,Recommended,426790,27922376,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Andem,"Great game. If you played the first game, Grow Home, and you liked that, you will like this for sure.If you haven't played Grow Home, this is probably a good place to start, since it's like the first game, but much better. You don't need to play the first game at all either.It's a really great collectathon/exploring game. You have a whole planet to explore now, and there's tons of dumb things to find and explore, and pretty much everything you find will help you explore the planet more quickly and better. I really like that you start out as kind of a useless bot that can barely get up anywhere, and by the end of it you can fly to the moon on your own.5 bucks is a super great price. The art/graphic style is very minimal but still really cute and nice. There's not too much music in this, but it's decent as well.Strongly recommend for people that enjoy exploration games or just love games with tons of jumps/glides/hovers. I really loved this one. Thanks ilu bye"
76561197972012659,Recommended,426790,24995136,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Han Solo,it's good because it's good
76561198120577504,Recommended,426790,25133716,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,DrKnotts,"Get it, it's worth the dollhairs."
76561198073076796,Recommended,426790,25599677,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kasper,This game is true beauty in it 's simplicity .It is a little gem that grows brighter the more you look at it .It is one of a kind ...  I suggest you buy GROW HOME  and play that first  since that's the seed where it all started... you will understand .Using a controller is highly recommendedFantastic game
76561198079498501,Recommended,426790,25057903,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,xxthegreenninjaxx,I LOVE THIS GAME PERIOD BUD IS SO CUTE PERIOD
,Recommended,426790,30148870,Posted: 24 February,all,Rick #C-137,"This is a sequle to Grow Home, It really is not nesissarry to play that first beacuse this is really the same thing but a lot better and with a lot more to do."
76561198003197906,Recommended,426790,32809436,Posted: 26 June,all,The Cheeki Breeki Rises,"Quite a fun platformer, 7/10. You can beat it in 6 to 8 hours, just don't bother with the 100% completion of it as nothing else happens, even though you're lead to believe otherwise."
76561198065196753,Recommended,426790,24978525,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,OctoberAle,"Playing Grow home I always imagine how 10 year old me would've loved this game.  Now as a young adult my inner child is still speaking to me.  Grow home was one of my favorite titles of 2015.  I have never played a game so creative and so original that I was a bit sad when I finished everything.  And just yesterday I found out they had a sequel.  Had no idea they were making a sequel.  Was not prepared for a sequel.  And yet I hit that Add to Cart button without a second thought.Now I'm two hours in and you still play as the charming robot B.U.D. The game has the same level design, the same controls, and the same creativity as the first one.  However, the developers really outdid themselves this time.  They created an entire world you can explore unlike the first game where your goal was to go up.  Now you can hop to different land masses of the world.  And also a new feature that allows you to scan plants with certain abilities, then grow those plants anywhere you'd like and as much as you'd like.  Honestly, the game being only ten bucks is such a bargain considering the amount of content they put in.  You have to try this game, it's so much fun!"
,Recommended,426790,24961705,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Serial Psycho,"Fun Fact: B.U.D.'s (the main character's) animations are all technically procedurally generated, and they still look better than anything in No Man's Sky..."
,Recommended,426790,24985836,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Spooky,"I loved the first game and I'm starting to love this one just as much. It is easily worth the ten dollars, with new costumes for B.U.D. that actually have abilitys, a much bigger map to explore, other new mechanics like the glider and special challenges. The whole game seems lovingly made and you can tell people put their hearts in it."
76561198076414610,Recommended,426790,26820363,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Big Wumpus,"A great game with lots of heart, frustrating but lovable, and best of all, it costs next to nothing. This was one of my favorite games and a great successor to grow home. I would definetly recommend."
76561198134583042,Recommended,426790,25179986,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mmarlaire,Best game you can buy for €10. If this game was twice as much it would still be a great value.
,Recommended,426790,25187582,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bannakaffalatta,"LOVED IT!! It was everything it needed to be. Everything good about the first game but expanded upon. with more to do, and more abilities. it's perfect!"
,Recommended,426790,25152305,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,sharktemplar,"Grow Up is a satisfying sequel to Grow Home, but unfortunately suffers from rather counter-intuitive design progression.By that, I mean that there are a lovely selection of new abilities for BUD to use, however they rarely come in handy. The ball form, for instance, I literally only ever used to break a fall which I didn't even need the ball form to do, because at that point I had plenty of jetpack fuel to slow my descent, or could have used my air breaks which are much more effective. Never used the ball charge seriously, only ever fiddled with it.I also almost never used the plant seeding feature that allows BUD to drop down plants he has discovered and use their features at that exact spot. When you have a jetpack and a glider, you can essentially go as high as you want, and the more you play, the less valuable this seeding feature becomes.The multitude of new plants with new ways to ascend is a good concept, but their functionality is extremely redundant. Do the devs really think we're going to use a plant that releases an extremely slow-to-ascend bubble or a rocket-pod plant when we have a jetpack and glider that are only ever constantly being upgraded with each crystal milestone you unlock? I certainly never did.The game had a lot more content and places to explore though, with an increase of 50 extra crystals to find over Grow Home's original 100, there was plenty of reason to glide around and explore the planet, but far too many insignificant methods to do so.The Pod Challenges were a nice touch though, however, while it was obvious they intended for you to use certain pre-placed plants to complete a certain challenge, all challenges I did were completed with jetpacking and gliding, with the occasional air-break stop to change my orientation mid-speed-flight.There also weren't any challenges that emphasized the use of the ball BUD ability, which is a shame. At least, none that I ever noticed. No stretches of terrain that clearly resemble a make-shift racetrack with a very tight timer that would encourage ground-based speed travel.The Pod Challenges needed to emphasize use of the new Grow Up abilities much more heavily, and should have had restrictions tied to them, such as certain challenges once started, lock your jetpack, or force you to only use your seeder with a certain plant, or disable your glider until the challenge ends. Something that really can't just be done with jetpack hopping on the first try. The only challenges I couldn't do on the first try were 2 or maybe 3, and they were all challenges that clearly emphasized glider thruster use, as the time was very tight.Grow Up also fails miserably to fix some of the more irritating issues from Grow Home, such as the feature toTURN OFF THE GAME DECIDING WHERE BUD SHOULD MOVE TO.This is by far the most aggrevating aspect of the game, and it's disappointing even more so because it's the exact same issue Grow Home had.If you are walking across a large Starplant branch, Bud will occasionally (but sharply) shift his movement to the left or right as the game attempts to keep you on center with the branch so that you don't fall.This sounds nice, but the way it was programmed was sloppy, and can easily lead to you falling off more often than if the game had left it well enough alone, and just let the player grow accustomed to BUD's controls, and learn to balance their movement on wonky terrain shapes themselves.This feature of the game forcing BUD to move to certain zones also applies for plants.Certain plants, like the ones that launch you into the air when you sit in their center, BUD will bee-line for the center of that plant, which is useful enough, however, like I said, this is sloppily programmed. Other plants, like the small orange flower-catapult plant don't do this at all. In fact, it seems a bit broken, as BUD seems to ignore some of my movement input and actually attempt to step off the plant, or just straight up REFUSE to stop right on the plant no matter which keys I press as he walks over it.This inconsistency with BUD movement in a game about exploring and traversing makes it just as much of a nightmare to explore on the ground or use the climbing feature as it was in Grow Home.Fortunately, flying is so quick to unlock and effective (and a bit better programmed) that you will rarely find yourself frustrated by the movement scheme they clearly didn't put enough thought or care into. BUD's controls are looser andFARmore inconsistent than they actually need to be, simply because the programmers think it's smart to take partial control away from the player at random intervals for random tiny durations just so the game can auto-correct your movement/positioning for you, regardless of if that's what the palyer was actually trying to do or not.For people like me that enjoyed Grow Home enough to do self-imposed challenges like crystal-less runs of the game, this embarrassingly brain dead position-correction system they stupidly didn't refine even slightly from Grow Home being left in the game for the sequel just makes there be no excuse.Grow Up has so much extra content it really doesn't know what to do with a lot of it. The sequel seriously needs more achievements and/or special challenges that span the entire length of the game once the player has beaten it initially to utilize the new aspects rewardingly.As a sidenote, the game also suffers from clearly not having a proofreader. Multiple plant data entries, and even dialogue from characters in the game is blatantly improper grammar. I'm not talking about ""then"" versus ""than"", I'm talking about the word ""so"" being used when the word ""the"" should have been used. Really middle-school-esque English mistakes.Also, on launch day there were a few issues, which is normal and not something to crucify a title for or anything, however one was very serious.I came across it myself in fact. A glitch where, after prolonged periods of playtime (3 hours, in my case) a horribly loud blaring noise plays at random over and over again. It's not part of the game, it sounds more like a soundeffect that is played 5000 times all at once, resulting in a genuinely ear-damaging sound that, if you like playing with loud volume to begin with, could very well lead to some sort of lawsuit against the devs for negilgently allowing such a serious issue to go into the final version.It was patched 2 days later, but the note claims it's only ""less likely"" to occur, not fixed...Overall, it's a solid sequel that has everything you would expect a sequel to have over its predecessor, Grow Home. 5 Starplants to grow, instead of 1, with each growing to different maximum heights and having their own themes and gimmicks. More adorable critters to play with. Extension of the satisfying music from the first game. More means of getting around (even if many are redundant) and it's overall a bigger more intricate Grow Home, but at the same time, bigger is not better in this case, it instead means messier in a way. I recommend the game, absolutely. However, it is not without its flaws.If you want a relaxing, enjoyable experience you'll never return to after beating, absolutely give it a try, but there is obvious polishing the devs CHOSE not to focus on. Again, for a sequel, there is no excuse, but it is legitimately more of what made Grow Home enjoyable through and through, so there's that.That ""Seizure Warning"" disclaimer right when you start the game up that fades away far too quickly to give anyone time to read the entire thing made me chuckle though. Clearly they didn't care about people who might actually receive some sort of seizure trigger from their game, they were just legally covering their own butts. Come on, guys. Make it a click-away screen so people can read the warning. Don't justhaveit there so you can't be sued."
76561197985459169,Recommended,426790,25288722,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bummer6,"Did you like Grow Home? If so, you need to play this! It's everything you loved from Grow Home and more. If you haven't played Grow Home, I'd say you should play that before going into this, because Grow Home really is the smaller game of the two. After having 100% completed this I can say that Grow Home felt very much like an experiment and this feels like the fully fledged product. Grow Home is great in it's own merits, but I feel like the team at Reflections weren't confident enough in the idea to completely pull out all the stops, but in Grow Up this has definitely changed. Instead of the small sky islands from Grow Home, you have an entire planet to explore!I cannot recommend this enough... It's lovely to see something like this come from a studio owned by a AAA company. Really gives me hope for the industry as a whole."
76561198050764150,Recommended,426790,25217689,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,AYYLMAO,This was everything I origanally wanted grom grow home
76561198151548071,Recommended,426790,25314090,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Super Genius,"I love this game. I got 9 hours of play out of the game, and I plan to play it more when I get bored. The game has all of the charm of the fist game along with an improved upgrade system for all of the abilities. Instead of going straight up like in the first game, there is an entire planet to explore, that can easily be traversed once you unlock a few of bud's abilities. This game is a ton of fun, and i definitely recommend it"
,Recommended,426790,25317496,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Silae,"Absolutely lovely sequel to Grow Home, if you enjoyed the first you will enjoy this one.My only issues with this one is that it felt less focused than the first and the seed planting ability soon became pointless in comparison to the jetpack and glider."
,Recommended,426790,25421630,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,AlexWrench,"Takes the many idiosyncratic elements of Grow Home in a new and unexpected direction. Sure, sure, there's a lot of flying through rings and collectible hunting and that's ""bad game design"", but this is the kind of game that sky-rings and collectibles were made for. Procedural generation and conserved momentum makes it an absolute joy just to scramble around on hands and knees, but over a few short hours the way the little robot moves around transforms and the world opens up in some fascinating ways.Grow Up, like its predecessor, didn't take long to 100%, but it's the kind of game I'll be coming back to on many a rainy day. If you want cozy, breathtaking, or even just a good 3D platformer, you can't go wrong here."
,Recommended,426790,25365568,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Biskitman,"Very very good and exciting exploration game - lots of fun to glide around and jet pack everywhere, would recommend everyone to play it as it's an exceptional game"
,Recommended,426790,25413986,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rent,What a beautiful world they have created. Wow. I'm a fan and want more.
,Recommended,426790,25193788,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,A Piece Of Shit,"Fun as hell, a great step up from the last game. However, I've been getting a bit of crashing while playing longer periods of time, could just be my system though. Still highly recommend!"
,Recommended,426790,25197541,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jacodoodle,i accidentally knocked a giant pink asparagus into orbit and now i see it fly by every five minutes.10/10
,Recommended,426790,25217742,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Woah(ke af),better grow home
,Recommended,426790,25099142,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Spoop,Fantastic Game. Really Charming. Good to play while binging a series on another screen or listening to a podcast.8/10
,Recommended,426790,25174875,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Rumblestrutter,"This is one of the most fun games I've played this year. Simple, short, and fun. The only gripe I really have is the one thing that every game featuring item collecting has a problem with. Which is that it becomes a slog once you are down to the final few bits."
76561198061935744,Recommended,426790,25169787,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr.Derp,the only problem i can think of is after you colect all colectibles and you want to began a neww game its either all colectibles or no colectibles. Also if hter was a mode that you could start a new game with all collectibels that would make the experens that much better
,Recommended,426790,25140687,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Jazz Cube,Very fun and cheap
,Recommended,426790,25269552,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Unknown,Very Good Game!
,Recommended,426790,25044308,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,dont love me,"gr8 game. mak mor pls.I hate Ubisoft, if you don't know what I mean look up a video called ""Ubisoft downgrades""But the fact that an Ubisoft game is THIS good was very suprising to me. I highly recommend getting this game, even if you don't have the original and I recommend it way MORE that the first game, since this has so much more to it than the first game."
76561198146854613,Recommended,426790,25050664,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Falent,"My opinion that this is kind of like 3d LittleBigPlanet.It is a very good game it is now one of the best i have ever played but in my top 10.Graphics good and i like how the game was made.Sounds are a bit too loud for me so turn the volume down.The controls for the starplant are a bit wierd, this is what i would say to the creator of Grow Up; pls make the starplant controls same as the normal controls cause it got me confused.I hope this review will help you and have fun."
,Recommended,426790,25062127,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Grizzly,"Perfect, top quality sequel. It's seldom said, but the sequel improves upon all the aspects of the previous game while still preserving the gameplay of the previous game.To put it bluntly, Grow Up is an exploration game where you wander around a big planet (that actually works like a planet, surprisingly) and collect stuff. Sounds pretty basic, but the fun is in the journey, not the destination. Getting around the planet, exploring and collecting new items and abilities is the core of the game, and it's ♥♥♥♥ing  👌👌 goood sh!t. 👌👌The character you play as is procedurally animated, so that you wibble around the place like a ragdoll except with the control of an animated character. You can climb around the place using a pretty fun system. Your left and right mouse buttons control your left and right hands. Hold them down, and that hand will grab. You can mix that together to climb up ANY surface in the game, at all.The graphics are pretty simplistic (although the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥apparently) although the lighting really kicks it up a notch.Feast your eyesThe game is pretty short. I went and 100%'d it in about two days.Soundtrack's good. There's a load of post-game stuff, and an annoying robot that keeps telling you to do♥♥♥♥♥♥you've already done.All in all, it's miles better than Grow Home and feels really ♥♥♥♥in' comfy."
,Recommended,426790,25063135,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,tinglethefairy,"Excellent sequel to already great idea. Like most people here are saying: it feels like a grand expansion of the first game's mechanics but with more of a focus on world exploration rather than exploration in a small section of land.As long as your mindset is, ""I wonder if I can make this jump"" or ""What is that place/I want to go there"" then you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,426790,25004784,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Asatruer,"Grow Up has all the fun and joy of Grow Home, but with more, so much more!Even if you have never played Grow Home, buy and play this game, it is a great one."
76561198034547108,Recommended,426790,25005864,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,KingAcorn85,"Great sequel, read the good reviews."
,Recommended,426790,25327868,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LonM,"Grow Up is a great sequel. It takes a lot of what was great in the original game, and provides a whole new world to play it in.One big improvement in this game, I think, is that the various biomes are spread around a globe, rather than vertically. This encourages more exploration and makes the game seem less linear.The sounds, music and low-poly art are just as good as in the original game, with lots of new plants and animals to find.One big addition to this is the 'challenges'. These are nice little speed run / parkour type chllenges that have you run through checkpoints, although I feel that they quickly lose their purpose once you unlock more boost power and gliding, as you can just zoom through them quite easily.Definitely play this game if you liked the original."
76561198102126081,Recommended,426790,25353210,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Shadowbi,when you play and like fly it looks so awesome!!!!
,Recommended,426790,25363857,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Moboly,Best game eva
,Recommended,426790,25041733,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Coptah,"Grow Up has grown from the original game in the series (If you can even call them one).The original did simple objectives along balanced with freedom to explore well and allowed you to go at your own desired pace. Whether you rushed to the top and focused mainly on growing the plant (main objective) or went for a completionist approach in finding the secrets/crystals along with the achievements, you got a simple and fun experience as the mechanics develop naturally as you play.Grow Up adds and progresses every aspect of the previous game and refines the objectives and provides more incentive for people to complete everything they can. From better mobility, to longer charge times and skin unlock advantages, you are encouraged to do the new things added to the game. Having challenges allows you to unlock skins and is a nice a leisurely secondary objective you can either look for or take part in as you run into them looking for crystals or ship parts.Crystals were the main focus of the game for me and i found myself wanting all the crystals first befoer completing the game because of the progression and development of game mechanics that have changed from the original. It allowed me to get around easier making the game less stressful althought it definitely seems like a very chill out type game.You can spend 4 hours hammering through the main objectives and getting to the end goal or you could do what i did and complete it all getting the most out of the small price of this game.The price is worth it if you find simple tasks in games rewarding and enjoy seeing your character gain more and more abilities. A game that can chill you out and not enfuriate you whilst keeping you occupied and entertained at such a low price is a definite buy in my opinion.Wouldn't suggest playing this then Grow home for sure..."
76561198048370150,Recommended,426790,24991032,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,»๖ۣۜBeardForHoes,"I Enjoyed the previous one, and i adore this one, its truly amazing, but for some reason, me and a few other people experience constant crashes when reaching a certain location or in my case getting the air brakes..This prevents me from enjoying the game and i might have to get a refund...Note: Ill ofc rebuy this game and i think it turly is worth the cost, ill wait untill it gets fixed, im glad to know that the developers are doing all they can to provide the fans with a comfortable experience!KEEP UP THE WORK ;D ( and a HUGE thanks!)EDIIIT!!So apparently the crash i was experiencing was caused because of the razer surround sound program, thanks to the developers it is no longer!Im glad, if i had known this i would have turned it off but anyway im glad i can now finally enjoy and experience the game ;3YES!"
76561198124216141,Recommended,426790,25035401,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,JAVI,If you liked grow home this game is that but 20 times better 10/10
76561198140818564,Recommended,426790,24957120,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,PotiosJunior,i really recommend this game i played grow home so i knew the sequel gonna be really good too
,Recommended,426790,27384683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Llamarino,BeepBoop
76561198063656012,Recommended,426790,25080132,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Happy,This game is so peacfull and ARE YOU KIDDING ME I FELL OF IT AGAIN anways this game is something you can rela- OH MY GOD REALLY YOU KNOW WHAT BUD YOU ARE CUTE BUT YOU ARE A PAIN a game where you can want to kill yourself and thats Grow Up for everyone
,Recommended,426790,25131184,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Clorax,"Grow Home was one of my games of the year last year, it was absolutely beautiful in it's size and mechanics. Grow Up is the successor to that and it's even better. The only criticism I have is that it's WAY TOO BIG, but apart from that it's probably the best game to come out this year"
76561198132811746,Recommended,426790,25038767,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Doodling Hitman,"If you loved Grow Home, you'll absolutely love this!A masterful sequel! The new mechanic of growing different kinds of floras? Wonderful!!!  :D"
,Recommended,426790,28109628,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ChemTurtle,I am shocked that this series has not gotten more attention. A great sequel to a great game.
76561198175355346,Recommended,426790,24988581,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,4th_Reaper,Better than the first one
76561198169283398,Recommended,426790,25000403,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SDGaming12,This game is amazing. It's definitley way better than Grow Home was. You can explore much more land than you could before and the idea of using different kinds of plants to get around is awesome!! I definitley reccomend this game to any one who loved the first game! Though the game does lag for me and I'm not sure why. I've tried loads of things to help it not lag but nothing works. It may just be my computer though. But other than that this game is amazing!
76561198104059308,Recommended,426790,25001300,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Terk,"Very glitchy, looks good, fun, makes you rage sometimes, but over its pretty good for the price."
76561198073227114,Recommended,426790,25000799,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Skuldar,Good successor. I really want more people to play this game so that the rare acheivement guides come out more quickly
,Recommended,426790,24965994,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bakku,Relaxing collectathon type experience. cute oneoff simple graphics make it fun and addicting to find new things to do. good game with easy controls..make sure you use a controller for best experience. finished the story in about 8 hours but havnt got 100% good ending on the crystal collecting and side activities
76561198305229570,Recommended,426790,25039512,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Burrito Hero,"Note to every other game developer :  THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A SEQUALGrow Up is the perfect continuation of B.U.D.'s adventures. The first game being short and sweet, this game is now absolutly massive and is filled to the brim with challenges and collectables.The game also imporves features from the first game as well. You can now store powers and switch between them as they can be used and infinite number of times.But if you're looking for a game that's actually good...STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND BUY THIS AMAZING PIECE OF ART!"
,Recommended,426790,24966875,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,thedefiant,"Game is like the first except a lot bigger, longer, more fun."
76561198049420841,Recommended,426790,24968914,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mando Rath'Darr,Pros-relaxing and fun to play-great controls-can be tricky to master but easy to understand the basics-great soundtrack-charming protaganistcons-graphics could be more sharper-can cause motion sickness XDall in all worth every dime IMO
,Recommended,426790,24982939,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Forstride,"Fantastic sequel to the also fantastic Grow Home.  The gameplay, controls, art style, etc. are generally pretty similar to its predecessor, but expanded on in different ways.The world is much larger than Grow Home, consisting of an actual planet that you can circle around, with a few different biomes, ice caps on both poles, tons of floating islands, and even a moon!  There are also a bunch of challenges scattered across the world in the game, and a handful of secrets to find.Now, the game is short (It took me ~7 hours to get every achievement without any guides), but it's very, very worth it in my opinion.  It's a very relaxing game, and it's just pure fun all throughout.  Definitely recommend it, especially when it's only $10!"
,Recommended,426790,25042411,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Additon,"When i played Grow Home it already had a place in my heart, but this is beyond beautiful!The gameplay is really unique, and never boring because you have a lot of possibilities, like climbing, flying around with the jetpack, gliding, setting the different seeds for cool other possibilities with plants etc.Also, finding all the crystals and doing the different challenges are also something that keeps the fun up after the main mission.Not to forget the giant map with different biomes and exploration-possibilities! I loved how the different plants and bugs were designed for the different biomes, and how everything looked so pretty in the night!Allthough i loved the bugs and found the extremly cute, what i would have missed was maybe some different animals like ship or cows or birds! But the bugs were already so nice and the way they sang was so lovely!All in all this is a very cute game, it is really relaxing and everything, from atmosphere to gameplay to soundtrack was just overly happy and exiting! It's a 10/10 game for me!"
76561198086683859,Recommended,426790,24993522,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dstrap,Diet No Man's Sky
76561198082425336,Recommended,426790,25272873,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tyleulen007,the biggest danger to bud is bud himself.
76561198083568932,Recommended,426790,25270586,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,depression,pretty pretty game ya know
76561198116853655,Recommended,426790,25295154,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,jordanbish85,"The great game if you liked the previous game, and I have not had one crash."
,Recommended,426790,34077899,Posted: 7 August,all,syrito,good
76561198049811520,Recommended,426790,30378972,Posted: 7 March,all,Sloth,Very cute little game with a beautiful world to explore. Recommend very much :)
,Recommended,426790,26982142,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jed,"Grow Home was one one of the best surprises of 2015. Grow Up, its sequel, expands on the premise of the first game by making the world Bud explores literally planet-sized and introducing tons of ease of use features and new upgrades to find and use. Exploration is meditative and I had so much fun playing this I even 100%'d it. Definitely recommend!"
76561198057412422,Recommended,426790,25002479,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,pchadsr,A good sequel
,Recommended,426790,24973806,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Fors,"While I think this game is good, It is less focused than the first game (Grow Home) and is not as rewarding because of it.*You get your new power ups way too fast, especially when they are marked on your map.*The seed inventory is pointless after getting the jetpack and glider, which again, you get really fast in the game.*The starplants are also not worth growing since you can just fly and get M.O.Ms pieces yourself when you get the powerups, while growing the starplant in the first game was a way to progress through the game. They are here for the same purpose, just not as well thought out.*The challenges are also not rewarding after getting power ups and some upgrades to them since they don't disable any of the power ups or upgrades in any of the challenges which make some of them very short, too easy and not rewarding at all.Don't get me wrong, If you liked the first game and just want some more of the same ol B.U.D and M.O.M you will get it. Just keep in mind, if you liked the progression of the first game, you will not find it here. the open world kinda hurts the game in the end."
,Recommended,426790,29434535,Posted: 22 January,all,nWg. SC[m]STR,"It's like grow home but way more expansive and less finer detailed. Think, gta vice city -> gta san andreas. Still fun, but not quite as special."
,Recommended,426790,24961526,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,"Velkon,","To all the negative reviews, Low price does not mean it can run on your garbage pc's!In other words, this game is good and doesn't feel like money-grabbing ubisoft made it at all."
76561198332288486,Recommended,426790,33214313,Posted: 3 July,all,andrewchase24,"Fun game, but runs like a potato at times"
76561198044934179,Recommended,426790,24971071,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Buttertastic,Having More fun in this than No mans Sky. If that doesnt buy you i dont know what will
76561198005150222,Recommended,426790,25734699,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Richard Horseman,"If you liked Grow Home you'll like this expanded sequel.Never played Grow Home? Well, this is a cutesy open world 3D platformer, with abilities, upgrades and a nice soundtrack.And weirdly enough, it's made by Ubisoft. I've never 100%'d a Ubisoft game besides Home and Up.There are some performance issues (none in the first one), some stuttering (I have a 970 for reference), but turn off v sync and lower graphics settings and it'll be fine.Hoping for Grow Bud's Sky next."
,Not Recommended,426790,29795228,Posted: 8 February,all,Griffin McElmore,"i played grow home and, upon starting grow up, wasn't disappointed in the slightest to see that it had maintained its cute humor and beautifully simplistic graphics. however, i WAS disappointed to see that the game's controls were as gangly as the first game, and maybe even moreso.i know BUD is supposed to be this charming, clumsy little robot, but in grow up he seemed very slippery and the controls were incredibly delayed for me. not sure if this is going to be refined, but it was something i could not get past.if they are, there are a lot of features from the first game that grow up keeps, and a lot that were improved or included. i probably won't play this game to completion, but i do love how adorable it is."
,Not Recommended,426790,25343027,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mila Kunis,"I've played their first release grow home and enjoyed it so I bought the grow up release.This thing drives me nuts with frustration. The controls are wonky, the camera pans very badly, the climbing in the game is unreliable. The jet packs most of the time don't even work to move you anywhere.They made grow home so well and never had any of these problems. I was very excited to play grow up, but the more and more I do, the more and more I become more frustrated why they changed what they did."
76561197992856964,Not Recommended,426790,29041218,Posted: 5 January,all,[FOR]mica,"Poorly optimised.  I can run most games with no problem (including Grow Home!), but this one makes my system choke.  According to the forums, a lot of other people with better-than-minimum specs have the same problem.  I have enough input lag that menus are awkward, cutscenes and tutorials are painful, and I can't even do basic platforming -- which is a problem in a 3D platformer based around exploration.Not playable on some computers, buy with care."
76561198117060803,Recommended,426790,24997388,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Im hello,game keeps krashing dono why
,Recommended,426790,24979336,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,NathanielBlack,Just like Grow Home only bigger and probably even better!
,Recommended,426790,25375265,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,cold__,"Grow Up: I'm a little HomesickTL;DR: You liked the first one? Good. Here's a second one with more stuff over a much more vast world.Yesterday, after playing the first game of the ""Grow"" series (Grow Home), I decided to pick up ""Grow Up"" from the Steam Store. I was very impressed with Grow Home, and how it was a simple masterpiece of a casual game. Grow Up, however, failed to capture the same wonderful feelings.I was able to complete this game within a few hours. Seeing how this game was about 10-20 times the size of the first game, you'd figure that this would be more of an epic adventure, right? Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you when I say that the game pretty much hands you all the tools you need to beat the game within the first hour. All you have to do to get to the end islevel your bot to Level 3 and use your glider to get anywhere on the planet (yes, including the final stage).In this episode you've got a satellite-type friend that helps you navigate the planet. While I loved the additional feature to zoom all of the way out, the controls were a bit too jumpy, while the labeling system that identified discovered and undiscovered items/territories, was inefficient and sometimes outright ineffective.You've also been given the ability to absorb plant identification and store its ""seed"" in your backpack. It's an interesting mechanic to say the least. You can store ""bouncy"" plants, or plants that shoot you out of a fountain, just like in Grow Home. You have a portable botanical lab in your backpack. It's a great idea. However, the types of plants were either boring and/or didn't work most of the time. This, combined with B.O.B.'s inconsistent movement, made for some frustrating moments trying to jump atop a plant's leaf, only to be thrown off the side of a platform to my death. Put simply: Once I found a plat that I knew was consistent, I stopped caring about gathering other more complex plant life. Also, I had a jetpack and glider early in the game. Why would I care about getting anything else at this point?The map design felt unintuitive. While I liked the simple design, I felt lost a lot of the time, constantly going in and out of the ""satellite"" mode in order to find a beacon I placed on the planet.ProsOK musicSimple controlsConsControls can sometimes not be consistentCamera sometimes fights with youMechanics are too vast and/or convoluted.Times I used the ""ball"" feature = zero.Rating""Game/game"". Eh, I felt just a bit underwhelmed with this one. It was still a nice game. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed it (which is why I'm recommending it). But after playing Grow Home, I felt that Grow Up was more like an expansion pack once I realized that this game was more-or-less a ""let's take the first game and make it bigger and add a few things"" type of deal. And there's nothing inherently wrong with this type of a sequel. People want more ""Grow""? I'm fine with selling more of a great product. However, this felt mostly just ""good"" and not ""great"".And that's O.K. too."
,Recommended,426790,25045223,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Qwrk13,This game is what No Man's Sky should have been.The bees are adorable.
76561198059680830,Recommended,426790,25373683,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ninefold,"Grow Up, ya frikken Moron"
,Recommended,426790,25123837,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BlkMgkNitez,Very charming and pleasant game to play. I'm definitely going back to 100% this one!
76561198299746714,Recommended,426790,25544630,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Peter_Boos_,"Nice game, if the game plays slow make sure you have it configured to use your graphics card and not some internal card on dual systems. to reconfig deinstall game, set your nvidea setting, reinstall game."
76561198325396699,Recommended,426790,25594973,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,james.d.hutton,"It has taken a few hours, but this game has ""grown"" on me. Once I got used to the controls and learned to manipulate Bud it started getting really interesting.Like many other reviewers I had performance problems: I had to turn the resolution down to the minimum setting and turn off full-screen before it was playable. But once I did that it played fine.I'm about 4 hours in as I write and I look forward to continuing playing."
,Recommended,426790,25154523,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Руки,Top Kek Game
,Recommended,426790,25170357,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Trump's Great Wall,"Completed the entire game in 7.5 hours. Not quite worth 10 dollars, but fun as hell."
,Recommended,426790,24981301,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kyar,An excellent sequel to the original game! Far more content than the original as well and a lot more climbing and plant based exploration. Definitely a great value for the price!
,Recommended,426790,25057530,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,-------,great game maybe better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,426790,29302614,Posted: 16 January,all,Lip Service,"One of the most gorgeous, mindblowing and fun games I have ever played. I was able to achieve orbit with Bud and I literally thrust my fist in the air as I cheered and hollered. I lost count of all the times I said ""Whoa!!"" between Grow Home and Grow Up.This game should be required playing for kids, much like Minecraft or Kerbal Space Program."
76561198026340429,Recommended,426790,24977475,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Canal Aunt,Why don't you own this already?
,Recommended,426790,24979785,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Spaghet,"Not only will you get a great feeling of nostalgia from the original game, but Grow Up adds its own story and take on how to handle the game."
,Recommended,426790,24980431,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,natintin,"Awesome game!  The controls feel smooth, the graphics are calm and perfect for this type of game.Climbing feels a little laborious sometimes, but other than that its pretty great :)"
,Recommended,426790,25053970,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,popiejames,A ANOTHER CLIMBING SIMULATOR!!!BOOTYFULL SKYNICE ATMOSPHERIC FEELINGNICE SOUNDTRACKSTILL BETTER THAN NO MANS SKYNICE CREATURESAND BUD CAN WIGGLE HIS A.S.S9001/10
,Recommended,426790,29896321,Posted: 13 February,all,dragon,dd
,Recommended,426790,33828108,Posted: 27 July,all,Spookyolumi,good game
,Not Recommended,426790,25331251,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,UltraLord,"I'm sure grow up would be a great game if i could play it at more than 3 frames per second, however that is not the case. I don't know if its just my computer specs or if the game is glitchy or just the sheer amount of objects in the game increases the lag but its un playable.For the time being i would not reccomend this game until whatever is causing this is fixed. (if its my computer then that would disappoint me as the specs are rather good)"
76561198180661817,Not Recommended,426790,25573896,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Romb,"Frequent frame drops with a GTX 1070 ruins the game and makes it feel unfinished.The game itself is ok, but nothing more because once you reach a certain amount of crystals, which is something low like 50 crystals (not even an end game thing) you can fly forever which makes the whole ""big new thing"" of this game, growing flora, useless because why would you use them when you can literally fly to the moon on your own"
,Recommended,426790,24967580,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,BloopinGloopin,"I played this game for 5 minutes and then refunded it becouse it was lagging i dont know why but the previous gamer ""grow home"" didnt lag at all but im sure this game awosme like the previous game even better!"
,Recommended,426790,24971101,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ppiixx,A must buy if you liked grow home
76561198001114880,Recommended,426790,24986977,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Arnos,"It's like Grow Home but more so, which is great, because I loved Grow Home."
76561198047371910,Recommended,426790,34768221,Posted: 5 September,all,Blue_Phantasm,Really fun and addicting game for anyone who likes exploring. It's not the longest game but its perfect for just sitting down and haveing some fun. There's tons of stuff to collect as well for those who like to be perfectionists.
76561198028185401,Recommended,426790,34627470,Posted: 30 August,all,LongDong,"If you liked Grow Home, you'll like Grow Up. The movement is amazing, and the upgrades to the paraglider and whatnot make moving around fun and fast, instead of tedious like it could be sometimes in the last game."
,Recommended,426790,30981691,Posted: 6 April,all,Ruubi (͡ ͡° ͜ つ ͡͡°),Buy it.
,Recommended,426790,25001978,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Xane Tempest,"I was pleasantly surprised by the 'pure gameplay' simplicity of the first game (Grow Home) and when I purchased this as a shameless birthday present to myself (it came out on my birthday, so I take that as a sign!) I was hoping for more of the same gameplay that had me rooting for the jointless, ever-ready little red B.U.D. I had spent the last game with.I was not dissapointed.In fact, I was treated to an epic expansion of the features I loved!The island and epic star-plant has been replaced with a planet, complete with biomes and three star-plants! (I don't count the last one because [spoiler ommited])Prepare to spend hours jumping, climbing, jet-packing, gliding, falling, and floating like before, only now, you will also be planting, rolling, spinning, boosting and scanning!I only have a few acheivements left to get after ten hours intensive gameplay, but I can tell one of them might add a few more hours to my gameplay on its own haha!My only complaint is that this sequel feels a little easier than the original. (oh no, too easy you say?) I know that's not much of a complaint in a game that is easily ten times larger than the previous, but you can get around much easier.Thankfully, the developers chose not to include the achievements that you have to grind for hours in order to get, but a few more 'tricky' things to acheive would have been nice.I suggest this game to anyone who wants a simple concept and a relaxed game.It's only realy as daring as you want to be (he says, climbing the side of a floating island, carrying a critter in one hand)"
76561198164176549,Not Recommended,426790,33814713,Posted: 26 July,all,Forbidden OwO,"Honestly I was really looking forward to playing this game. I bought it once, got a refund because it didn't work and I was extremely disappointed, and then bught it again because I got a new system I thought could run it. Didn't work, I waited for an update, I messed with my settings, I did everything I could, didn't work. Now I have an entirely new computer that should have aboslutely no problem running this game, but it runs like I'm using a 10 year old computer with no graphic card. I've tried playing this on multiple different computers (friends and brother) and absolutely nothing different, what am I doing wrong? I loved the first game and had absolutely no problem running it, so they must've changed something in this game and I don't know what and why. I really did want to give this another chance and play it, but it seems that is impossible. I hope they'll fix it some day :("
,Recommended,426790,33099728,Posted: 1 July,all,dooby _dog,"Just play it, it's totally unique (aside from the first game, obviously) and very relaxing. Only negative is that you can unlock all / most of the travel-upgrades before you even start the challenges, which makes them a little too easy. But hey, if you don't want it to be ""too easy"" then complete the challenges first."
,Recommended,426790,27252780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lucifer Jones,"Not just growing, but gliding!"
,Recommended,426790,24971784,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,C | Pete the Paper Boat,"This is a good sequal. When they dont change too much, but they just add more to a already amazing game.Its just the same as Grow Home, so read a review on that. But adds a lot more o it.*challenges*different upgrades*more starplants*new plants*the ability to place plants*turn into a ball.*a new friendIm so ready to make a starplant go around the entire world!"
,Not Recommended,426790,28935640,Posted: 2 January,all,Luigi Damn,"***By a French***I'm very dissapointed ! I had no problem to run Grow home (first episode) at max settings with my I7 2.4GHz, GT 740M which is not a so bad computer, but here with Grow Up, we have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization ! With the lowest possible settings, the game is still laggy as ♥♥♥♥ for me ! However, it's still the same graphics and game engine used for the both, so why it's so bad optimized for Grow Up ????My review will stay negative until i can't play it sorry..."
,Not Recommended,426790,25872090,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,azrealz1031,"It's been awhile since I played the first one, but I do remember I enjoyed it pretty well.  I didn't this one though. Everything felt clunky and frustrating, like it was a hassle. Not a bad game by any means, but I refunded on a personal choice of not rage quitting."
,Recommended,426790,30615536,Posted: 19 March,all,MookIsAClod,"I started playing at like 12:30 AM, so when I went out at like 6:20 AM to get something to eat, I had forgotten that time had existed and it scared me when I saw light coming out of the windows. 5 hours straight. I reccomend.edit: took me 23 hours to 100%, holy crap, reccomend even more, though i do suggest doing the challenges, it helps you find crystals."
76561198119337654,Not Recommended,426790,25542600,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Parkreiner,Poorly optimized. I don't recommend it until they fix the framerate issue.
76561198086263525,Not Recommended,426790,30828365,Posted: 30 March,all,BoxTar,"Only get it if you know your computer can handle it! I have no doubt this game is very fun, as I enjoyed the hell out of Grow Home. But unfortunately I couldn't play this game, even though I could handle Grow Home no problem on the same computer. Because of this, I can't give a fair review, but I hope, in the future, that it is better optimized. Keep that in mind if you're thinking about purchasing! There is no way to reduce graphics to help with lag or framerate, and this makes the game downright unplayable, not only because of framerate issues, but input lag."
,Recommended,426790,24976335,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Woomy,"It's a better No Man's Sky than No Man's Sky. And it's only $10. Using a combination of your jetpack and glider along with some flora you can find some silly combinations of getting around the bright and diverse world really quickly while also being very relaxing. I often found myself going ""ooo what's this?"" and going off the beaten path to do some challenges or get crystals to upgrade my battery (highly recommended). Relatively bug free (heh) but this one time I got stuck underneath a mushroom cap and accidentally grew a lily pad, so I self-destructed."
76561198111058051,Recommended,426790,28807093,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,icebev555,Amazing game! So much content compared to the grow home!
76561198124925466,Recommended,426790,28339373,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Fern,It builds upon the strengths of the first and remedies the shortcomings as well.
,Recommended,426790,25011846,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Lunarr,"Grow Home was one of the few games I 100%ed in the last few years. This one is even better. It's worth every penny, don't even wait for a sale. Get it. Now."
,Recommended,426790,27388760,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jonathan31796,"According to all known lawsof aviation,there is no way a beeshould be able to fly.Its wings are too small to getits fat little body off the ground.The bee, of course, flies anywaybecause bees don't carewhat humans think is impossible.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Ooh, black and yellow!Let's shake it up a little.Barry! Breakfast is ready!Ooming!Hang on a second.Hello?- Barry?- Adam?- Oan you believe this is happening?- I can't. I'll pick you up.Looking sharp.Use the stairs. Your fatherpaid good money for those.Sorry. I'm excited.Here's the graduate.We're very proud of you, son.A perfect report card, all B's.Very proud.Ma! I got a thing going here.- You got lint on your fuzz.- Ow! That's me!- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.- Bye!Barry, I told you,stop flying in the house!- Hey, Adam.- Hey, Barry.- Is that fuzz gel?- A little. Special day, graduation.Never thought I'd make it.Three days grade school,three days high school.Those were awkward.Three days college. I'm glad I tooka day and hitchhiked around the hive.You did come back different.- Hi, Barry.- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.- Hear about Frankie?- Yeah.- You going to the funeral?- No, I'm not going.Everybody knows,sting someone, you die.Don't waste it on a squirrel.Such a hothead.I guess he could havejust gotten out of the way.I love this incorporatingan amusement park into our day.That's why we don't need vacations.Boy, quite a bit of pomp...under the circumstances.- Well, Adam, today we are men.- We are!- Bee-men.- Amen!Hallelujah!Students, faculty, distinguished bees,please welcome Dean Buzzwell.Welcome, New Hive Oitygraduating class of......9:15.That concludes our ceremonies.And begins your careerat Honex Industries!Will we pick ourjob today?I heard it's just orientation.Heads up! Here we go.Keep your hands and antennasinside the tram at all times.- Wonder what it'll be like?- A little scary.Welcome to Honex,a division of Honescoand a part of the Hexagon Group.This is it!Wow.Wow.We know that you, as a bee,have worked your whole lifeto get to the point where youcan work for your whole life.Honey begins when our valiant PollenJocks bring the nectar to the hive.Our top-secret formulais automatically color-corrected,scent-adjusted and bubble-contouredinto this soothing sweet syrupwith its distinctivegolden glow you know as...Honey!- That girl was hot.- She's my cousin!- She is?- Yes, we're all cousins.- Right. You're right.- At Honex, we constantly striveto improve every aspectof bee existence.These bees are stress-testinga new helmet technology.- What do you think he makes?- Not enough.Here we have our latest advancement,the Krelman.- What does that do?- Oatches that little strand of honeythat hangs after you pour it.Saves us millions.Oan anyone work on the Krelman?Of course. Most bee jobs aresmall ones. But bees knowthat every small job,if it's done well, means a lot.But choose carefullybecause you'll stay in the jobyou pick for the rest of your life.The same job the rest of your life?I didn't know that.What's the difference?You'll be happy to know that bees,as a species, haven't had one day offin 27 million years.So you'll just work us to death?We'll sure try.Wow! That blew my mind!""What's the difference?""How can you say that?One job forever?That's an insane choice to have to make.I'm relieved. Now we only haveto make one decision in life.But, Adam, how could theynever have told us that?Why would you question anything?We're bees.We're the most perfectlyfunctioning society on Earth.You ever think maybe thingswork a little too well here?Like what? Give me one example.I don't know. But you knowwhat I'm talking about.Please clear the gate.Royal Nectar Force on approach.Wait a second. Oheck it out.- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!- Wow.I've never seen them this close.They know what it's likeoutside the hive.Yeah, but some don't come back.- Hey, Jocks!- Hi, Jocks!You guys did great!You're monsters!You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!- I wonder where they were.- I don't know.Their day's not planned.Outside the hive, flying who knowswhere, doing who knows what.You can'tjust decide to be a PollenJock. You have to be bred for that.Right.Look. That's more pollenthan you and I will see in a lifetime.It's just a status symbol.Bees make too much of it.Perhaps. Unless you're wearing itand the ladies see you wearing it.Those ladies?Aren't they our cousins too?Distant. Distant.Look at these two.- Oouple of Hive Harrys.- Let's have fun with them.It must be dangerousbeing a Pollen Jock.Yeah. Once a bear pinned meagainst a mushroom!He had a paw on my throat,and with the other, he was slapping me!- Oh, my!- I never thought I'd knock him out.What were you doing during this?Trying to alert the authorities.I can autograph that.A little gusty out there today,wasn't it, comrades?Yeah. Gusty.We're hitting a sunflower patchsix miles from here tomorrow.- Six miles, huh?- Barry!A puddle jump for us,but maybe you're not up for it.- Maybe I am.- You are not!We're going 0900 at J-Gate.What do you think, buzzy-boy?Are you bee enough?I might be. It all dependson what 0900 means.Hey, Honex!Dad, you surprised me.You decide what you're interested in?- Well, there's a lot of choices.- But you only get one.Do you ever get boreddoing the same job every day?Son, let me tell you about stirring.You grab that stick, and you justmove it around, and you stir it around.You get yourself into a rhythm.It's a beautiful thing.You know, Dad,the more I think about it,maybe the honey fieldjust isn't right for me.You were thinking of what,making balloon animals?That's a bad jobfor a guy with a stinger.Janet, your son's not surehe wants to go into honey!- Barry, you are so funny sometimes.- I'm not trying to be funny.You're not funny! You're goinginto honey. Our son, the stirrer!- You're gonna be a stirrer?- No one's listening to me!Wait till you see the sticks I have.I could say anything right now.I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!Let's open some honey and celebrate!Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.Shave my antennae.Shack up with a grasshopper. Geta gold tooth and call everybody ""dawg""!I'm so proud.- We're starting work today!- Today's the day.Oome on! All the good jobswill be gone.Yeah, right.Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring,stirrer, front desk, hair removal...- Is it still available?- Hang on. Two left!One of them's yours! Oongratulations!Step to the side.- What'd you get?- Picking crud out. Stellar!Wow!Oouple of newbies?Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready!Make your choice.- You want to go first?- No, you go.Oh, my. What's available?Restroom attendant's open,not for the reason you think.- Any chance of getting the Krelman?- Sure, you're on.I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out.Wax monkey's always open.The Krelman opened up again.What happened?A bee died. Makes an opening. See?He's dead. Another dead one.Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.Dead from the neck up.Dead from the neck down. That's life!Oh, this is so hard!Heating, cooling"
76561198027374663,Recommended,426790,24980928,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GARBAGE DADDY,More adorable magic. Buy this game if you want to remember what having a soul feels like.
,Recommended,426790,28869961,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,cabooskins,"I have only played this for about a half hour, but so far this game is awesome. I played the first one for about 8 hours on my old laptop that could barley run it, but i loved it. Now my pc has evolved and this game runs awesome on it. This is one of those games that you shouldn't pass by."
76561198039590842,Recommended,426790,24980639,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,shoop_2_u,"Very taxing on video card and cpu. not sure why. Love the game though. Runs 60fps on my desktop, max 45fps on laptop with nvidea 860m"
76561198070370999,Recommended,426790,25127911,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kevolas,Takes Grow Homes concept to a next. Level. Very entertaining and fun to play. But I think the controls (especially before you unlock all the features like boost and glider) can be annoying at times.
,Recommended,426790,25111375,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,PixelRequiem,Il gioco a cui gli Indie dovrebbero ispirarsi al prezzo che gli Indie dovrebbero avere.
,Recommended,426790,28212677,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,LagUnoR33,The early game is boring and tedious with all the climbing. I assume it gets better with more jetpack and hang glider upgrades. I'm just tired of all the climbing from the first game.
76561198199331119,Recommended,426790,25038992,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Dr.Doofenshmirtz,It looked like a great game but my computer couldn't handle it... ;-;
,Recommended,426790,28996214,Posted: 3 January,all,Major Issues,"This is one of the most unique, fun to play, and new gaming experiences I've had in a very long time.  Well Done!"
76561198269372974,Recommended,426790,31204823,Posted: 17 April,all,G!anT,Grow up n up n fly high n high!!
76561198351719808,Recommended,426790,28622670,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,03malman,This is fun! I've had it for like an houer but I like it the music is 10/10 too much water
76561198081060222,Recommended,426790,24985830,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ashton Kushworm,"I want to love the game so much and I truly do, however, after finding the ball ability I always crash. I've unistalled and reinstalled... I want to love it so bad, I loved the previous game please help me love this one ubisoft."
76561198028615865,Recommended,426790,24986664,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,GAME IS GREAT GOOD AND ALL THAT BUT OCCASSIONALLYJUST OCCASIONALLY WHILE WEARING THE PINK CRYTAL SUIT I'LL HEAR THE WORST BOWEL WRENCHING EAR-SHATTERING EXPLOSION OF SOUND I'VE EVER HEARDi dont know why this happens when im wearing the pink outfit but good lord this is the third time it's happened and i'm SHOOKotherwise game is good u should get it
76561198279887129,Recommended,426790,33382039,Posted: 8 July,all,TheCrazy,Cool :DDDD
,Recommended,426790,33274266,Posted: 5 July,all,Vlorens,Awesome game!
76561198024469055,Recommended,426790,24959296,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Keyin,"This game is unbelievably adorable! How could you not love it?!Seriously though, if you enjoyed Grow Home, you'll love this game. Grow Up does a great job of building on the fundamentals that Grow Home introduced, just as a great sequel should. Sure you're still a stumbling wobbly robot, but now you've got a handful of new toys to stumble around with.Don't let the low poly visuals fool you either, this game is gorgeous. With Grow Up they've added some more weather  biomes to the mix, making for some real diversity in what you get to see. It's real nice to look at.If you haven't played Grow Home I still think there is something here for those who enjoyed the 3D platformers of yesteryear (i.e. Mario 64, Banjo Kazooie, Donkey Kong 64, etc...). There's plenty to explore and collect, so it definitely scratches that itch.Honestly, there's not a lot to dislike. Admittedly, it may not be everyone's cup of tea though. The controls can be finicky at times and can perhaps lead to some less than intentional results creating some room for frustration. But if you ask me, I think that just adds to the games charm. What's a game without a little challenge or frustration?Here's some gameplay if you want to see it in action:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lxDIIuRYbM"
,Recommended,426790,24998145,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Uneazy,"A worthy sequel to Grow Home.I wasn't a huge fan of the first game just because it felt so short and had way more potential, but this time they expanded on the games potential and added new items, new abilities, and gave it a fair amount of content so that you have options as to where to begin.The map is bigger but essentially you run around collecting ship parts after the ship crashes into the moon. You can pick up new abilities along the way and you can collect power crystals so that you can use those abilities for a longer period of time. There are also plants you can scan and then use to help you get around and each plant has a different ability.So plenty of cool new things to do in this game coming from Grow Home. One of those games you probably wanna 100% achievements and all to get the most out of. I still haven't beat it in my current playtime of 5-6 hours. Worth it for the price. ($9.99 USD)Also I have had no performance issues, you may get some FPS dips under 60 depending on your PC and AMD gpu/cpu. Running on gtx 960 4gb + i5 4690k."
,Recommended,426790,27273341,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DrHyde4321,Love both this game and the first one!
,Recommended,426790,28267034,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AzureanStudios,"Discovering the bubble plant is the equivalent to entering a ""complete all right now"" cheat, and I'm kind of frustrated they even let that plant do what it does (trying not to give any cheating strategies away)... it's a huge exploit. As soon as I found it I had the main part of the complete in 2 hours. They seriously need to adjust that bubble plant.Other than that, it's more of the same formula that made Grow Home one of my favorite all-time games, so now Grow Up is naturally right up there with it! It makes you happy as you play, and it's meditative. This one is just bigger with more to it, not necessarily better, but it's also better. Hard to explain.In any case, fans of a true challenge and a true feeling of accomplishment, get Grow Home instead. Fans of an open world experience mixed with a bit of a challenge and a larger variety, get Grow Up. Fans of BUD and MOM, get both!"
76561198232814664,Recommended,426790,24982128,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KyojinKiraX,"5 stars, this game has amazing music down to the gameplay which was also amazing, I love how opened it is, it was a great experience, and here is mine!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfbNc2mDOtg"
76561198015612381,Recommended,426790,24986029,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CHILDISHFATBINO,"Great Open world game with easy controls and easily navigable worldPros:Amazing visuals,Great Music,Easy controls,Keeps you interested the whole time,POD is very helpful,Cons:The Zoom can be finicky in POD mode,The Crystal locator is hard to use and sometimes doesnt pick up on crystals,Rolling mode doesnt get enough use(at least in my opinion)Things I would like there to be if a sequal was made:An underground area where the ball mode is more usefull,More kinds of gadgets that would help in certain situations,Maybe more worlds if smaller and a different mode of transpotation between wrorlds"
,Recommended,426790,24998537,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheHamster,So far I absolutely love it. Serene and freeing. New abilities takes away the stress of falling without taking away the thrill and joy of movement.Also it is enormous compared to its predecessor. For $9.99 (or was it £?) this game is a steal.
,Not Recommended,426790,30868005,Posted: 31 March,all,giljaysmith,"Not as good as Grow Home. Cluttered, in fact, with lots of pointless stuff, and with a distinct feeling of ""er, what do I do next"" which was conspicuously not a problem in the first game when you were guiding one starplant ever up. This time, as far as I can tell, you have to collect crystals towards an upgrade you're not aware of, and then use it to reach a very high place. No starplants in sight? I dunno. Maybe I misunderstood. But I didn't like spending almost the entire game being confused. I don't think I can recommend it, which is sad. But the first one is still excellent; get that."
76561198232749648,Not Recommended,426790,28986355,Posted: 3 January,all,MarshMonster300,"I bought this game because it looked fun.  It was, but I can't play the game long enough for the last two ship parts without it crashing.  It ould be way more fun to me If I could actually play the game"
76561198031383772,Recommended,426790,24966315,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Revanaught,"Doesn't work with PS4 controller without third party software, but otherwise it's shaping up to be a fantastic game.  A true sequel that keeps what works and refines what held it back.It also starts like every Disney movie.  The mom dies."
76561198055198994,Recommended,426790,25084719,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Quantumsquirrle213,Did you love grow home? ...Wait you never played that... leave... like now.
,Recommended,426790,30450920,Posted: 11 March,all,Futil1ty,"Grow Up is a glorious physics-based adventure-platformer.It is the sequel to Grow Home, another glorious physics-based adventure-platformer.Buy it now."
,Recommended,426790,24972607,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,RealityRift,Played for 3 hours straight without any crashes. A lot of fun and what no man's sky exploration should have been like.
76561198080222358,Recommended,426790,30174496,Posted: 25 February,all,Shafloo Noir,could the developers add a patch because the games lags to much to play. i heard it was a good game but because of the lag it has been rendered unplayable. please fix this.
76561198076107941,Recommended,426790,30806043,Posted: 28 March,all,mangoblin,fun
76561198114002617,Recommended,426790,25025498,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,mknz,"it's guccci but runs like garbage considering i'm well above the 'reccomended"" specs"
76561198025735509,Recommended,426790,25094781,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,minister maurice,Bud? BUD?BUUUUUUD!
,Recommended,426790,24970512,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,C3WL,"its really fun and way better than No Mans Sky, it has stopped working and said Growup.exe stopped working but other than that its a really fun game"
76561198071537759,Recommended,426790,34350477,Posted: 19 August,all,jblund,#Join the skeleton army today
,Recommended,426790,33196001,Posted: 3 July,all,inn0s,Just want to leave a thumbs up.
,Recommended,426790,24993825,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gwaibean,i need to grow up
,Not Recommended,426790,31901007,Posted: 22 May,all,ZDanielHallG,the first game was full of awe and exploration. also going up was a clear an obvious goal. this game just has tons of waypoints you just bee line towards until you are done. not nearly as good and less memorable areas.
,Not Recommended,426790,25311910,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SANS,"Do not buy this game. The video used to advertise it shows flawless motion. In reality the settings need to be adjusted to the lowest resolution to obtain some less-than-decent experience. Save yourself the hassle of requesting a refund and not obtaining it. My kid tried to play it and he spend most of the time struggling with the settings...three hours, three bad-experience hours but still, no refunds! So far, the worst experience of my kid with Steam."
76561198154823009,Not Recommended,426790,31347591,Posted: 24 April,all,Sagicus,"I have well above the recommended system requirements and even on low graphics quality, I had severe microstuttering and a solid sub30fps."
76561198117497399,Not Recommended,426790,29386643,Posted: 20 January,all,TAPDANCING PICKLES,althogh the game is REALLY LAGGY im sure that it will be fixed and then i can acually PLAY THE GAME WITHOUT IT RUNNING 3 FRAMES PER SECOND IT ACUALLY TOO ME 3-4 MINITES TO CLIMB A FUNGHIGH!!!
,Recommended,426790,25007613,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"The video below features non-biased 'first hand' gameplay experience only:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2GwrlBRLUkMy Thoughts:The sequel to the incredible 'Grow Home'Game details:Leaping from mind-boggling heights, bouncing off Champolines, soaring inches from floating islands, BUD can do it all - that look of mild terror, that’s his daredevil face. Help the adorable little robot collect MOM’s scattered ship parts and return them to the moon."
76561198326105236,Recommended,426790,25114462,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jdoubledgaming,"i need a refundthis computer doesnt run crap, and im poor literally, i dont get an allowance"
76561198066810685,Recommended,426790,24957962,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Toplit,"I was waiting for this game to release as I had not played Grow Home, but watched a few gameplay videos and it seemed like a fun concepted. This game is such a relaxing game, and for the price too, you can't really complain."
,Recommended,426790,29562270,Posted: 29 January,all,Frogmin,i'm immature
76561198062366426,Not Recommended,426790,25862186,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Svente Crabo,The controls are an absolute mess and make it really hard to enjoy the scale of the game. I can't imagine how many frusting attempts I would have over these sloppy controls. the premise is nice and all but... not worth it all in all.
,Not Recommended,426790,25558579,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,HiroPro,"Horrible graphics engine performance. This game with it's very simple graphics actually runs slower than Tomb Raider on my HD7970. The controlls are also horrible. Outside of it's unique novelty of gameplay, it's a 6/10 at best."
34267567876568756,Not Recommended,426790,25330675,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SOi,crappy unoptimised piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥even with the recomended runs like a potato.
76561198332904013,Not Recommended,426790,31891279,Posted: 21 May,all,todd.pemberton,this game is terrible.. i have several games thought Steam and have never had the problems that I've had with this game.. the game lags really bad and its impossible to play.. i have tried to find ways to repair the issues but it doesnt appear that it will let me unless i buy it again. And i wont do that unless they refund me for the one that doesnt work
,Recommended,426790,32501716,Posted: 17 June,all,Game_Man,Nice game :)
,Not Recommended,426790,25891976,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lima Bravo,"I've 100% completed this game in about 6 hours, and did not have fun for more than about five minutes. I enjoyed the original, but this one is actually objectively worse in comparison. It's unfocused in its gameplay objective, and has constant clipping issues, moreso than the original. If I could, I'd seek a refund."
76561198284349036,Not Recommended,426790,25343328,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,FiduspawnGirl,I really wanted this game and got it but it lagged so much for me so i dont recommend you that does not have a strong computer
76561198123956010,Not Recommended,426790,33755004,Posted: 23 July,all,Derpchu55,doesnt work well
,Recommended,426790,25702130,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,zainleelong,hay developers it keeps freezing and crashing when ever i press continue theirs a black screen and then hear buds voice and then is see bud in the mothership now moving and whenever i click it has that blue circle
76561198053163944,Not Recommended,426790,24983746,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tooru,"Game runs very poorly for me. Can't get more than 10 fps in game or even on the main menu. I know for a fact that it is not my computer, as I can run pretty much any other game at near max settings with 60fps just fine. I really liked the first game and I really want to play this one too as it looks great! However, it is currently unplayable. I would recommend this game in a heartbeat if it was well optimized, but for now I cannot recommend. I will change my review if the game is patched. I've seen some of the devs comments towards reviews like this one on the forums, and it seems like they are working to resolve the issues some people are having with performance. I look forward to when I can actually play this game."
,Recommended,426790,30507178,Posted: 14 March,all,DarkArcherCL,gud just gud gud game gud mechanics gud story gud jus gud gam gud
,Not Recommended,426790,25300895,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ChromaTek Digital,too short finished the game in less than 2 hours
76561198111354044,Not Recommended,426790,24964944,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,PonyBoy,its seems like a good game and it's story line is cool but its working♥♥♥♥♥♥on my computer icant even use the jetpack without it crushing.
76561198203002792,Not Recommended,426790,24984538,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,mcardlerachael,To much lag - would not recommend.  I play all my other STEAM games just fine.  This is very disappointing.
,Not Recommended,426790,32201334,Posted: 5 June,all,Menace123,"Seems to be a great game even it seems less about exploring as the other review says.BUT I can't play the game at all, even after tried many things, I still got that black screen :- made sure my NVIDIA graphic card is selected- updated my drivers- deleted / dowloaded the game again- checked twice the integrity of the game- disabled my anti-virus- changed the game resolutionBUT nothing helped. If someone got a round around to fix that it wouldbe awesome !"
76561198302096073,Not Recommended,426790,24969997,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The_NexusNinja,can you please make it less laggy for me i really want to play it but the frame rate and the lag is so bad i couldent play it looks fun but cant play it please fix!
,Not Recommended,426790,25542822,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Crazard,"Sorry, This game is amazing and the time put into it being made is epic. But I don't like it because my computer can not handle the stress of game requirements. I only recomend it for those who have a Over Powered computer"
,Recommended,426790,24952810,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Hydrogenius,I love my M.O.M.B.U.D do you?
76561198154910604,Not Recommended,426790,25008265,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Frenchy The Spy CSGO500,At the moment i cant run growp up because it is not well optimized for my graphics card i have an r9 m375 2gb and i cant run it smoothly at 1080p with high settings opposed to grow home. once they fix this i will buy it again and play the game then i will give my full review of the game i have really high expectations for this game as grow home was a blast. i just cant wait until the optimization is fixed.
,Not Recommended,426790,24958619,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Respawn,"Game runs great on my average PC. I've never play Grow Home before but it's great overall. The only problem so far is the game would crash everytime I fall, please fix this. I'll update the review later but for now I wouldn't recommend it until the problem's fixed."
,Not Recommended,426790,33573807,Posted: 15 July,all,Zulu,"its weird , not so sure if i like this and my 7 year old either... so we gona keeep going at it  and maybe we discover how this is supose to be fun ... when the fun start i'll let you know."
,Not Recommended,426790,24998466,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Avatar,"It looks fun at first but becomes frustrating very quickly. The characters has some very slow reaction to controls (lag approximately 1-2 seconds) which is a cool feature at first but very quickly gets annoying.If you're not on a perfectly flat surface, you basically have to alternate LB RB on your controller to slowly climb up an object. Would not recommend.Also despite having ""full controller support"" you have to use the keyboard for Escape/Menu. Save your $10 and spend it elsewhere"
76561198307798486,Not Recommended,426790,30760233,Posted: 26 March,all,mrsevilla.,1 fps
76561198098182217,Not Recommended,426790,25048119,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Crocochoo,"It's very strange...Like, I wanted to enjoy this game like everyone else but in the end, I couldn't. The controls are really wonky. The jumping in the game is just strange and honestly, the entire time I felt like I was playing a free game because of how unfinished and unrefined it seemed."
,Not Recommended,426790,30183949,Posted: 25 February,all,Gabe,"they made a great indie-like title into another ubisoft game , open world, challenges and more( not much more)"
,Not Recommended,426790,24977340,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SwoodMadden,"Arkham knight level of bad optimization. Like, how the hell can you screw up this badly? Loved the first game, but this is horrible."
,Not Recommended,426790,31372540,Posted: 26 April,all,gobobaby,"too easy, this for babies"
,Not Recommended,426790,31983046,Posted: 26 May,all,Gubonaut,no dualshock 4 support
,Recommended,426790,24955771,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mistyisty.pro,"I refunded this game, yes. That doesn't mean I don't like it, I do like it, the design of the game is amazing, and the gameplay is fun. But the gameplay is just too slow for me."
,Not Recommended,426790,26055654,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,"Got to the moon and could care less about saving mom. Game bored me to death and back with boring challenges and your typical annoying steam achievements, built for those who need reward for nothing. Thank God for steam game deletion. Says 9 hours, but in reality I forgot to close the game - so I would say 3 hours tops."
76561198289736992,Not Recommended,426790,28607255,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,can i habe de pusi pls?,fakeng shet ful of bagz
,Not Recommended,426790,34241494,Posted: 14 August,all,mrsb2718,i hate this game i dowloaded it i it sayed u can use this game on your computer i have an apple i dint know u coudnt use it on appel that why i hate it and i can return this dumb game
76561198276850477,Not Recommended,426790,24956603,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,YuQing CSGOGEM.COM,"first of all the graphic for an animation is pretty good the soundtrack is goodthings they need to add tuturials and guideline for the game, the character is very hard to control Come on guys, fix this, seriously, I want to experiance this world, this game, I literally can't because it's so slow.will get back with this game when the fix the problem :)i really love the concept of this game3/10 when they fix it 10/10https://youtu.be/--LWy-fKxZs"
,Recommended,426790,29278320,Posted: 15 January,all,Apple Crumble,"if you like atmospheric games, you will probably like this too."
,Recommended,426790,29573429,Posted: 29 January,all,Dcryla,"This game makes me relax and enjoy the open world, the new plants, the cute critters and B.U.D., the music and the entertaining challenges and achievements."
,Recommended,426790,29547065,Posted: 28 January,all,Dizzy,"A beautiful game!If you're into free roaming, adventure, puzzle and all around amazingness, then buy this game or get the bundle,I bought the bundle and got both, and I'm glad I did!I have now finished Grow Home but there is still more to do!"
76561198142819366,Recommended,426790,28933904,Posted: 2 January,all,LolsaDragon,is there any way you game devs can make grow up work on a 32bit version? i loved grow home but i really want to play grow up now
,Recommended,426790,30729505,Posted: 25 March,all,saaya,"Id recommend this game for 5$ (current sale) its fun!for the full price of 10$... not reallythis game feels like steam early accessit feels unfinished and rough and very indie-likelots of clipping and physics bugsi expected more since its from ubisoft, and not a small independant teamIts similar to WINDLANDS VR but its not VRand instead of grappling hooks you can only grab stuff thats right in front of youbut in return you get a jetpack and glider"
09098787656543432,Recommended,426790,25295627,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Worsham,"The game is fantastic, it even has a main character that controls like someone about to pass out from drinking too much! what more could you want?! the only problem is that it is poorly optimized, you will lag unless you have a god-like computer. make sure you dont have any tabs running in the background, they cause a lot of the lag."
,Recommended,426790,25314260,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ThreeJayKay,"Not quite as fascinating as Grow Home, but still worth playing.Grow Home was quite a surprise for me. Despite its linearity there was this odd sense of freedom. The controls were a bit wonky, but once you've mastered them you feel like you've developed some skill. Seeing the ground disappear in the distance while you slowly made your way up was satisfying - and sometimes terrifying! I felt some vertigo when climbing over an edge, carefully planning each grip while dangling from the ceiling. That's because there was something on the line - I didn't want to fall to my death and lose some of the progress I had made. Only late in the game did I finally level up my jetpack enough to not really be afraid of heights anymore, which was good since I had to zoom around the map a lot to find the missing crystals.Why am I talking so much about the previous game? Because unfortunately the developers had a different view of what made the game fun in the first place, replaced it with more ""open-worldness"" in Grow Up and failed to make the updated concept work as well as the first one did.Before you had a real sense of progress - you went *up*, and the higher you got, the further along you were in the game. Now you go wherever you want. Instead of one huge whale-sound-making plant being your massive companion on your quest, you half-heartedly grow a couple of them to nowhere in particular. For that last leg of the journey to the moon you don't really have to do anything at all! Instead of wondering what you'll find next on your journey, you almost immediately get to see everything you'll ever see in the game. There's no real element of ""discovery"" there. Basically you see what you need to do and then you go to work collecting items and breezing through checkpoint-races.The vertigo and sweaty palms are gone. You hardly have to climb anywhere, and falling off the freakin' moon is about as scary as slightly losing your balance while walking. You can jump, glide and jetpack almost anywhere. Even the huge catalogue of plants with odd kinetic abilities I hardly used at all. Once you've got the powered glider you don't even need those star plants anymore - you can basically fly into space on your own.The ""challenges"", which don't really matter except for getting 100%, seem to be carefully designed for certain player abilities and cease to be challenging once the player upgrades past that. I focused on picking up crystals and space ship parts first, which meant that once I really started doing challenges, I was way overpowered for them.To finish up my criticisms, the framerate is a bit wonky for a game that has zero textured surfaces. And there should really be an option to turn off those ""video transmission error"" effects because they get old pretty fast.I am ranting a bit, not because I hate the game, but because had it actually improved upon the first one, it could have been close to ""Nintendo quality"" - you know, fun and tight gameplay from beginning to end that's not very common on the PC. It's still fun to play while listening to podcasts because flying and climbing is still fun. The aesthetics are nice, the cutesy story is kinda charming in a way, and the moment I started playing I knew I'd have at least two afternoons of solid fun ahead of me."
76561198158075173,Recommended,426790,25188112,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NeRDski,Fantastic little experience that really engaged me the whole time I played it. Well worth the price tag and a solid experience throughout!
,Recommended,426790,25118808,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lep,"Grow Up takes everything that made Grow Home so comfy and fun and improves upon it. You've got a huge world to climb about and soar across this time around. The objective's are pretty much the same, so if you've played Grow Home you know to expect more growing and collecting."
,Recommended,426790,25193486,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Splenk,"Absolutely incredible game, from the opening cutscene I fell in love with this game and throughout it was nothing but fun. Set in a childish universe you explore a world filled with a wonderous ecosystem and an instaiable need to discover what it holds and one of the few games I have wanted to 100%"
76561198041513133,Recommended,426790,24985706,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,BLU_13,"I didn't buy grow home because its $8 for a small play zone. This game's map is HUGE and for $10 its a steal! The main character bud is so cute like if Wall-E met Johnny 5. This game is more exploration and futsin around then the task assigned, Just like I played the jak and daxter seris when I was a kid. Which was my favorite game seris of all time. I do stutter a bit here and there cause of an old processor but still very runnable for me. I'm using a core 2 quad q6600 at 2.4 ghz.Enough gushing, Just buy it."
76561198140576901,Recommended,426790,25021800,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,monyak,i know my review before was bad but the game just needed some time to get used to my computer  know i love this game but i am haveing one problem i cant find the last 2 peaces of mom dev can you please tell me why?
,Recommended,426790,25958392,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thatguy_,More expansive than the first. It may not be as good as the first one but is still a worthy purchase.*More elaborate review forthcoming*
76561198065658909,Recommended,426790,25958805,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Corsiare,"By far worth the 10 bucks to play this awesome piece of work. Honestly, if it were a bit longer I'd have paid 20.Overall Rating : 8.5/10Pros:-Pretty-Runs great*-Good simple story-Funny/quirky dialogue-Sound effects are very 'happy robot-y'*-Very family friendly-Closest thing I'm getting to the 'Ratchet-and-Clank-like' games on PC.Cons:-No Combat-Pretty Easy-Zero Replay Value (Unless you're into pretty sights)Now to the technical parts, I put a * above on 2 things. It does run well, however, the AMD side of the CPU games struggles a bit. This is due to poor core performance. I managed to 100% the game with my FX 8320, but note that it stutters a bit occasionally. (Nothing below 55fps with vsync though.)Finally, the robot sounds and what not, they're cute and great at first, but 6 hours in you'll wanna turn em off/down."
,Recommended,426790,24968226,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,masterbaguette,"EDIT: THEY FIXED THE CRASHES <3 Additional review belowGiving this a negative review until they fix the goddamn crashes. Otherwise the game is super fun.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Aight so after the crash issue was dealt with, I finally got the pleasure of enjoying the game to the fullest, and oh my, isn't it a beauty. Grow Up really gives you the simplistic gameplay and motion that most of the AAA games lack nowadays, and it really pushes the game to higher standards. It's very fun, has lovely artstyle, and has sweet tunes. The only downside is that it's a tadbit short, but worth every single dollar you spend on it."
,Recommended,426790,24997584,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,noobenstein,"(EDITED REVIEW) The reviews are good, one issue I had is that I couldn't play it, it kept crashing on startup after the loading screen reached 100%. Eventually a developer told me my graphics card isn't good enough... Well it would be good if GrowUp TOLD ME rather than just crash to desktop with no error message.I'm just leaving a positive review because I liked GrowHome and Ie xpcet this will be good too... I guess I'll be looking for a new graphics card now..."
76561198065865841,Recommended,426790,24970109,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Arse Blathanna!,"If you liked Grow Home, you'll love this one. It's essentially the same, but way bigger, with more abilities, more exploration, more starplants, more everything. It's also super cute and pretty much guaranteed to brighten your mood. Great price, too, for what it's offering (in my personal opinion)."
76561197966222755,Recommended,426790,24965134,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Littlechan,This Is a great sequel to growhome as far as i have played. Alot more things to do later in the game which keeps me constantly enjoying it. Thank you for the crash fixesGreat Game
,Recommended,426790,25017192,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Walrus,"This game is fun, cheerful and simple to play. The world is beautifully designed and It's fun to traverse. However the controls feel terrible. They never react the same."
,Recommended,426790,25011308,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Xelias,"Edit :Game was updated, I'm not crashing anymore.It's the perfect sequel to a great game, it takes everything that Grow Home did well and builds on it, it doesn't just re-use Grow Home's mechanic in a bigger map but adds a lot of new things.Great game."
,Recommended,426790,25019026,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,lhusain98,"If you liked Grow Home then this is definitely worth buying at full price. It's similar to Grow Home but with a whole planet to explore, new gameplay mechanics, and lots of other quality of life improvements over the first game. The only complaint I have is that I wish it could be longer. But it's a very reasonable price and I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,426790,25016973,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Hurricane Irma,"I saw this game on new releases and since i've never played the original i didnt know what to think of it. My friend then got it and said it was great so i said f**k it and bought it.  To me, the game didn't appeal. It felt tedious doing a lot of climbing and frustrating if you fell. However the graphics were very pleasing and the story made it easy for the game to learn. But I got bored quickly. Maybe I should play some more to see if there's anything different further along but to me just climbing and placing plants got very boring very quickly. To some people they really enjoy it so I'm not going to give it a negative review because I personally don't enjoy the gameplay because to the majority; they love it. I guess i am just an exception."
76561198116469274,Recommended,426790,24999566,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Janitor,"It's a very fun game, it has a simplistic but cool story, and of course its got B.U.D.but i have a problem whit it, the game keeps crashing even if i have everything on the lowest quality it runs perfectly at 60 fps but it still crashes.Moral of the storyEveryone loves B.U.DBut everyone hates crashes.10/10 probably the game off the year for me!Edited it because they patched the game."
,Recommended,426790,25007780,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,cookis crumbs?,"Excellent gravity systems, neat bugs."
76561198112800120,Recommended,426790,24997701,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,F1 Craos,Allot of crashesEDIT: the game doesnt crash anymore when i stopped using surround sound.the game is amazing and the sound track is beautiful.9/10
76561198064927605,Recommended,426790,24999477,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,badmind?,"Seems brilliant so far, loved the original but the crashes are unreal!  Consistently crashes in certain locations, crashes every time I click the save button in the menu! Please fix x"
76561198057260017,Recommended,426790,24999606,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Monitized,"*spoiler* This game is great. If you enjoyed grow home and wanted more of that game, this is it. Literally. It is the same game but bigger and better. Its more open so you can complete the ""story"" faster than normal. My only complaint is the *spoiler* rocket propelled glider. It is nice at first but becomes aggravating to move around with it. At somepoints with the controller, you aim down, and it goes up, like normal, but sometims you aim down and it goes down. It is horribly for climbing but great for flying across the map fast. Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,426790,24999646,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Alden126805,"i would say that ""this game is awsome"" if you A removed the stupid bugs and bee costume! and b made zooming a teensy bit better"
,Recommended,426790,24981767,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dragury,"Fantastic chilled out game, if you liked the first one(Grow Home) I can almost guarantee that you will love this one too. Play at your own pace and have a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,426790,24981914,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Finn,"Its like a second, bigger level for Grow Home. Exactly what you'd want out of a sequel."
76561198094581772,Recommended,426790,24982340,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,JustLangford (moe),this game is just a great game and its a lot of fun to play
76561198084621626,Recommended,426790,24984573,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jeff the slime,thay took a vary good game and made it great
,Recommended,426790,24985062,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Neosniap,"Grow home and Grow Up are some of my favourite games of all time. This is due to the beauty of the games. There are some issues, such as low replay value, but Grow Up is truly a work of art in a world where every moment is worthy of a screenshot."
,Recommended,426790,24994571,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,RangerRivet,"This game is amazing, and I`d LOVE to recommend it  ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶e̶s̶ ̶p̶r̶e̶v̶e̶n̶t̶ ̶m̶e̶ ̶f̶r̶o̶m̶ ̶d̶o̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶.̶ ̶W̶i̶l̶l̶ ̶r̶e̶-̶r̶e̶v̶i̶e̶w̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶s̶o̶o̶n̶ ̶a̶s̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶s̶t̶a̶b̶l̶e̶,̶ ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶u̶n̶t̶i̶l̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶n̶,̶ ̶s̶t̶a̶y̶ ̶a̶w̶a̶y̶.̶Edit: Fix given by dev, although not ideal, worked. Will recommend, just using speakers instead of headphones in meantime. Thanks :)"
76561198055537780,Recommended,426790,25000667,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Grungle Toreskin,Actual game time 1 hour. Finding final ♥♥♥♥ing crystal 13 hours.
,Recommended,426790,24965911,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MGLKF,"It's so fun! If you like Grow Home, you'll love this <3"
,Recommended,426790,24965980,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Its quite fun actually. No crashing issue from me. Played smoothly.
,Recommended,426790,24966164,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jack,"I absolutely loved this game just as much as I loved Grow Home, even so that when I saw this game on the list I insta-bought it.But it has a problem... The game keeps crashing after the first part of M.O.M is rescued. Please, fix this. I recommend it. But keep in mind that bug.Will wait for the patch."
,Recommended,426790,24966252,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,recc,Pretty Neat Not Going To Lie!
,Recommended,426790,24978219,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Earl Bowlch,"Relaxing, different and a challenging game to master."
76561198047190616,Recommended,426790,24957472,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,The Russian Ebola,"Amazing this how gaming should be, you take an amazing idea from the first game and keep it the same but you elaborate on more and make it better. add more for the user to be able to do.7/7"
76561198067882415,Recommended,426790,24962823,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,slayer9998,"Played about 20-30 minutes of this and so far its really good, very enjoyable but the only downside is that it keeps on crashing on me. I would like to see this fixed soon as i want to play some more, but at this current stage it is good but needs a little fixing. I dont think its my computers fault, i have a very high end computer GTX 1070 with an i5-6500 and 16gb of RAM"
,Recommended,426790,24962648,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mistah J,"I loved Grow Home, so it's a given that I'm enjoying this game. I haven't experienced any of the bugs that some other users are mentioning, but I will update my review if I do. Very enjoyable game so far, many improvements over the original such as the airbrakes. The POD upgrade is a very fun way to get around also. You'll still want to activate any nearby telerouters just to end the annoying pinging. Also, M.O.M. has great melon in you"
,Recommended,426790,24964282,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,VictimofScience,"This game is fantastic. Simple, easy to play, relaxing fun that can be played at your own pace. Actual collectibles and unlockables that don't cost money. Defiantly worth the 10$"
,Recommended,426790,24963503,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Aphrowh,You can go so fast you can escape the gravity of the planet. 10/10 would enter orbit again(I'm actually being honest here this is something you can actually do!)
,Recommended,426790,25515847,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Wolf,"A stunning beautiful sequel to a brilliant game. It's everything you could want in a sequel to the first game, Grow Home.10+ Hours if you want to go and collect everything. It's really just a wonderful, brilliant game that I strongly recommend if you want to just relax, and take a fun little journey for a bit."
,Recommended,426790,25284413,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,(Art) Artizolum,ITS STUPID IT WONT START I EVEN UNINSTALLED AND REINSTALLED IT IT      WONT         WORKAND IF YOU KNOW WHY TELL ME PLSUpdate:ITS WORKING
76561198214492607,Recommended,426790,25571899,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,agrimsrivastav,this games does not work on my pc i opened it and it crashed every time i couldnt even reach the home screen
,Recommended,426790,25595940,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HeroicStoic,"Overall a pretty good game. Stays more or less true to the original, but needs artificial limits placed on the player to be most enjoyable to me. I really recommend this game if you feel stressed, as the game is super laid back and chill.My biggest complaint is that by the late game, you are so ridiculously mobile that the primary climbing elements just go away, and you just fly everywhere. Yeah, it's fun to an extent, but not as Zen or puzzling. The problem existed in Grow Home too, but not to this degree, it's just silly here.Challenges are a neat addition, but are more ""Ubisoft"" feeling instead of ""Collect-a-thon"". Some just feel tacked on last minute, nothing pretty to look at nor really challenging.My advise? If you buy, stop collecting crystals after you get the x2 ball upgrade. The next upgrade, while needed for some challenges, just breaks the game to a stupid degree. Figure out the intended paths instead.Also, don't bother completing. The 100% bonus is super lame, just a text pop-up thing. Totally unsatisfying.To the devs, it would have been cool to have a gold BUD suit, or use POD as a glider, or something neat in recognition of 100%. Also if the closest tele-router name appeared in the lower left corner, it might be nice to help remember where I am."
,Recommended,426790,27050369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Godpigeon,comfy
76561197982193835,Recommended,426790,27016818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bloodyrave,"I was mesmerized by Grow Home upon it's release.  Grow up takes everything about the first game and improves upon it.  This is a beautiful, simple game that appeals to a childlike wonder I thought I lost a long time ago.  This is how you do procedurally generated video games."
,Recommended,426790,26590772,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Varlotto,If you played Grow Home and it left you hungry for more this is a must buy.
76561198121058244,Recommended,426790,26635042,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dregodir,That game really is damn good. I spent a few hours on it and i say its by far the funniest and best indie game ever made. gj my dudes :)
76561198064737888,Recommended,426790,26498156,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MutantVampire,"Plain addicting.I especially like the Floradex 3000, cuz' I can just plain ol' fly, create bridges in water (or even destroy a lake), do Plants vs Critters in a nutshell (pin critters with seeds/plants), or anything else.11/10 would drop from a mountain the size of 5SUNScombined at the speed of light (faster actually) to keep this gameJK."
,Recommended,426790,26591968,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Remy561 [NL],"A great sequel to the great platformer Grow Home. In Grow Up your spaceship M.O.M. crashes into a planet and it is up to you and another droid, B.U.D., and P.O.D, to find the original pieces of M.O.M. and repair her!Compared to the first game this game plays on an entire planet instead of a map. This time there are different biomes all filled with different kinds of plants that you can use for your climbing. When you discover a new plant you 'analyze' the seed allowing you to plant these seeds wherever you like giving you much freedom for reaching the higher platforms.I found this game a bit less surprising/fun than the original game since the much larger map also results in much more empty terrain, so I would have liked to see some more variation or use of terrain. However, if they added more challenges or pickups the game might start feeling like a grind to complete, so this is just a very small negative point.As for the performance, the game ran at 100+ fps most of the time. However, I did have some minor hiccups every now and then but this did not distract me from playing the game.I do recommend a controller to play this game though since it makes the game even more relaxing due to you leaning back in your chair instead of sitting actively using your mouse and keyboard. I played this game with the Steam Controller which control scheme works very well for me.Conclusion:If you liked the original game, you will definitely like this game. If you haven't, then If you are searching for a calm, cute, happy platforming game this is a perfect game for you."
76561198081166685,Recommended,426790,26670089,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jekanyika,8.5/10
,Recommended,426790,26784497,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NuxNux,"It's even better than the first game.I had a lot of fun exploring the planet, growing star plants or just flying around the beautiful landscape. It's very easy to complete the game and get all the achievements.If you liked the first game you need to buy this one."
,Recommended,426790,26865336,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AAAAA,"Great game with a fantastic sense of exploration and progression, great mobility systems"
,Recommended,426790,26866070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soup Dragon,"The physics based movement can feel a little clunky at first, but you quickly grow to love the way BUD flails around. Everything in the world of this game is so pleasantly rendered, you can set your own pace and there aren't any enemies trying to kill you.Beautiful and relaxing!"
,Recommended,426790,26901102,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robo-Batman,great game as good as the first one but more adorabel if it was possible. you wont play for ages but its still worth it.
,Recommended,426790,26760171,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tanerdamaner,"I loved Grow Home, and this game is the most spectacular sequel i have ever played. They took the concept of growing a plant up into space and expanded upon it in the most beautiful way, with more collectables, a very interactive and friendly map and menu system, and a spherical map with a moon and asteroid belt. This has got to be one of my favorite games of 2016."
,Recommended,426790,26929046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abood,1.Will actually lower your blood pressure2.Really cool visuals3.Exploring is really funIts worth the moolah :)
,Recommended,426790,26948926,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cobalt Racer,I think this and the previous game are the only games i've ever been willing to get all the achivements for just because i like them that much.
,Recommended,426790,26921226,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NootMeUpInside,feels like a realllyyy good gamecube game 150/150
76561198145277370,Recommended,426790,26929660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Murlin Shpurkle,I'M TRIP'M POLYGONS!!!Totally Worth It!
,Recommended,426790,26928807,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bulk SquatThrust,It's pretty good
76561198049863266,Recommended,426790,28131777,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Detective_Verges,"I really dont know whether to give this game an thumbs up or down..............This game is seriously fun. An entire world for you to walk, jump, float,....and fly(this is may problem with the game) around looking for the scattered pieces of your space ship. Along the way you can beat pod challanges (run/jump/fly through the rings befor time runs out type races), collect new ablitites (such a jetpack, slow glide, plane glider, rolling ball, ect), crystals that boost your abilites (letts you use your jetpack longer, you can detect crystals from some distance away, ect.) and collect plants that shoot/boost you around that you can deploy at will once yout find them.This first game was all about growing a single Star Flower all the way up to your floating ship, this time there multiple Star Flowers all over the world to grow. This game was both challenging and entertaining, having to figue out the jump puzzles that require a combination of plants, abilities and growing a Star Flower to beat. And then you get the rocket glider....Once you get the rocket glider, you no longer have to figure out the jump puzzels AT ALL (actually you only have to half solve them once you get the ninja suit and the tripple fuel pack for the jetpack as you will be able to basically fly around and skip most of it) because you can literally just get to the highest point you can, jump, and rocket around the map. I used the rocket to get to the highest point in the game from half-way around the world in a single go....I really want to keep playing this game, but with eveything you get, it basically just become an incredibly easy platformer but you can fly......"
76561198036802919,Recommended,426790,28090033,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chicken Loco,"I’m just waiting for this thing to hit puberty. Think of the sequel possibility. It’d turn the game on its head. Try to get away from MOM while trying to find a young replacement for MOM. Grab here. Climb on. Seriously, I can’t hate on this game. It wasn’t bad for the money paid (bought it on discount). Even still a dollar an hour is more fun per capital than you might spend somewhere else (still thinking about the puberty game I guess, sorry). Plus, Ubi isn’t trying to sell you something every time you turn your head in this game. I had fun. Then I had to find all those damn crystals, which I finally did, but not without a lot of cursing. Then I felt fulfilled. Maybe you will too. Buy it and find out. It’s not a bad game."
,Recommended,426790,27996589,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sSpenk,"A great game for relaxing and exploring.This simple, but challenging game has alot to do and you have the freedom to how you travel to each objective.I would recommend this game, especially now with the sale!"
,Recommended,426790,28171865,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sweetz,"Short but sweet, Grow Up is a good evolution of Grow Home.The game is basically all exploration and navigational challenges and it's the perfect length to fully get the most out of these mechanics before they would start to get old.To keep you interested you've got a very colorful environment with a flat shaded, low poly aesthetic that works well for the game and a nicely paced progression of abilities that feels rewarding.Topping if it all off is how incredibly low priced it is for a game with more polish than typical indie games."
,Recommended,426790,28243904,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,QobbAlt,"I loved Grow Home, but I love even more Grow Up !This game is so relaxing, I could play hours without doing anything. Just... Gliding.Great sound design and the music is awesome!!I recommend this game for sure ! Buy it !"
,Recommended,426790,28253874,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,CashKing,"Awesomme game, but it's so short :("
76561198028615743,Recommended,426790,28552490,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Cale_Whale,"Fun, but not as good as the first one."
,Recommended,426790,25374578,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Biohazard,"Cannot get FPS above 7, even with no VSync and lowest possible settings. Imput lag, as well. Looking for the refund button as I write this. Shame, too, the first game was so good.I don't really know my specs, but I have an Acer Aspire quad-core laptop. 7560-7618 is the only visible text on the sticker, along with ""AMD Radeon HD 6520G with 512 MB graphics system memory""Edit: Turns out, the problem was due to the fact that I didn't read the required specs, and my computer was not up to snuff. I can't change the reccomendation from a ""no"" to a ""neutral"" though, so I'm just going to be a good guy Greg and change it to a good review."
76561198274298021,Recommended,426790,31163795,Posted: 15 April,all,Spydermann,"Fun but irritating at the parts where you can blast yourself into a wall, killing you in the process."
,Recommended,426790,26511561,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,novamouy17,"Overall this is a very addicting game and I love it for the most part. The biggest issue is the extreemly touchy controls. The slightest movement of  my mouse could turn my veiw a 180 degrees the wrong direction. It takes a bit of practice and skill to play on that part. Other-wise it is very simple and fun.The quality of graphics is just as it looks and can be slightly glitchy looking at times. This is a long winded game with no real plot, so if you have little patience then I recomend you skip it.The variety of features is limited and I hope that the makers add more to interact with. For example the creatures. As of right now they have no meaning in the game and can get a liitle annoying."
76561198108183039,Recommended,426790,31458555,Posted: 30 April,all,DiabolicalDude,"Charming, relaxing, and quite enjoyableStory:You’re a robot stranded on a colorful planet and you need to get the missing parts of your ship. It’s not a complex plot and you don’t ever talk but it’s charming enough.Gameplay:It’s the most Ubisoft game ever where you have an open world where you climb and collect things. But the point of it is to mold your environment by growing or planting plants which allow you to reach higher and higher heights. The exploration aspect of the game is the key to the game and it is genuinely a lot of fun. You start with the ability to put plants down that let you jump or reach higher heights and eventually move on to parachutes, rockets, and wingsuits. It gives a good progression of movement and, at the end, lets you move around the whole world at speed. I usually hate collecting things in games but in this one, I kind of wanted to go back and keep doing it which speaks to really how much I enjoyed the exploration and movement.A couple of negatives popup as the plants become useless after a while and the side quests (races pretty much) seem super stupid as it’s a checklist while collecting crystals gives you upgrades and collecting ship parts is how you get to get to the end of the story. If there was a point, I could understand.Graphics/Performance: (with a 970, 4790K, 16GB of RAM, SSD)It’s the same aesthetic as the first one with a cute polygon-ish (?) look to it and always ran smooth. I did have issues with crashing which were fixed by reinstalling the graphics drivers.Final Thoughts:Personally, I like it better than the first one because it’s just a lot of fun getting a rocket powered jetpack and circling around the world feeling super calm. It was a lot of fun."
76561197989391456,Recommended,426790,31778924,Posted: 15 May,all,John Johnson,"I recomend it if your looking for a cute little game. The game is pretty short though. I 100%ed the game in 10 hours, I unlocked everything and got all the achievments. It's a nice, fun, and relaxing experiance. If your willing to pay 10 dollars for that than I say you go right ahead."
76561198087096974,Recommended,426790,31876808,Posted: 21 May,all,Gluteus Maximus,For when your parents tell you to go outside.
76561198047868578,Recommended,426790,31956618,Posted: 25 May,all,jcbvickers,This game improves on the first one in every single way.  The only flaw with this game is that if you want to make it longer you have to do some very tedious sside questing.  The main story is really really short.
,Recommended,426790,32067164,Posted: 30 May,all,Pyro Update Hype,Found the last portion of MOM.But you still can't play tic tac toe with her.
76561198252894628,Recommended,426790,32074091,Posted: 30 May,all,ukfthomas,"I absolutely adore this game! The atmosphere is perfect, the graphics are very cute & the handling feels very natural. I do recommend to play the prequel first though (Grow Home) so you can get used to the game.Anyway, is there a possibility to get / buy the audio files of this game somewhere? I really love the music."
,Recommended,426790,28725283,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,awesomesexer,Even better than the first one.  Totally worth the money.  It just expands on everything from Grow Home.  Get it.
,Recommended,426790,29594095,Posted: 30 January,all,R :C W,"Grow Up is basically a side-grade to Grow Home. It discards the direct ""upwards"" linearity and sense of ""height progress"" and replaces it with a wide open environment to explore. You still work your way upwards using a wide varierty of tools, but the game ""gets going"" faster than the original - the movement abilities are more easily accessible, and decent jetpack/glider upgrades are available relatively early. Regular traversal never posed much of a challenge, and the game is more than happy to shower you in more powerful abilities than you know what to do with.My least favorite aspect of the game are probably the checkpoint race challenges. They feel out of place and more tedious than rewarding. I'd suggest skipping most of them (besides the first one that gives the incredible BUG costume).The world is as beautiful as the original was - with plenty of cave systems and gorgeous vistas to explore - but you'll generally be moving quicker through it than in the previous game, so despite being way larger it feels about the same. As the game's open nature gates progression less you can both ""finish"" the main objective quicker than Grow Home while also spending 10x as much time just aimlessly taking in the sights.Grow Up - if only for the inevitable lack of surprising novelty - doesn't quite ""feel"" the same as Grow Home, yet my few hours of fun were easily as enjoyable and relaxing as my time with the original."
,Recommended,426790,32453955,Posted: 15 June,all,VideoGC,"One of my favorite open world games. Grow Up is great for sitting back, relaxing, and just having a good time."
76561198168097077,Recommended,426790,25043728,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[JG] Cpl. Idiot,"The game was amazing and very fun to explore. The only problem was that the grow controls were a little messed up for me, but it was still worth the ten bucks"
76561198303433746,Recommended,426790,33923008,Posted: 31 July,all,f1nn14n,"Apart from a terrible frame rate (I don't have the best computer in the world),this game is PHENOMENAL!"
,Recommended,426790,34021277,Posted: 4 August,all,mo97.me,Has some interesting ideas and doesn't overstay its welcome would recommend!
76561198044756744,Recommended,426790,34151380,Posted: 10 August,all,Inedible Dorito,"Charming, relaxing game that you can play anytime of the day.I could classify it as a silent game, the main character doesn't speak and is only spoken to.If you want a chill game to play past the midnight stage, this is perfect for that :D"
76561198254344992,Recommended,426790,34278278,Posted: 16 August,all,joinC,it's not as good and it is laggy
,Recommended,426790,25125863,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BurnoutGT45,"Grow Up, sequel to the wonderful Grow Home that released 18 months prior, stars the goofy little robot BUD as he attempts to rescue his MOM after their spaceship collides with an asteroid. Where Grow Home featured a lone Star Plant on a mostly featureless space of water that you needed to grow to harvest its seeds, Grow Up features an entire planet that you get to explore from the get-go. Basic movement is still as much silly fun as it was last time thanks to BUD's unique animations and simple (but fun) climbing controls. In terms of the exploration, finding new abilities and secrets is now more engaging in spite of the much larger scale thanks to BUD's new companion, POD, who hovers up and above and can scan almost anywhere in little time. All these small things come together to make Grow Up one of the most entertaining platformers that I've ever played, and one of the best games of the year.Short pros and cons:+What looks cheery and happy is smile-inducing to PLAY+Old school platforming with a vibrant, fun world you want to just live in at times+Like Grow Home, another great Ubisoft game on Steam without a Uplay requirement...~...but there are bonus outfits for BUD only in the Uplay version. (Not a negative necessarily, but it's worth mentioning.-Some upgrades, if acquired too early(like the glider and jetpack), do make the game lose some of its charm.Recommendation:Grow Up is a worthy sequel to Grow Home, and will probably be seen as one of the best games of the year by those who play it (and for good reason). If something should be noted, playing Grow Home first does make you appreciate this game's scale more, but otherwise this game is a delight start to finish. Highly recommended."
76561198110382703,Recommended,426790,33136478,Posted: 2 July,all,GDog,"It is a semi-decent game,it just failed to capture the experience that grow home did. It had me asking questions like, ""What's the point of having a bigger world if there's not much to do with it?"" and, ""Why are there so many floraforms that do the same thing and even some that are practically useless?"". While it's not that bad, this game feels like a mere shadow to the beautiful journey of it's predeccesor. It makes me sad that I'm reluctant to giving it a thumbs up. I expected much more out of its beautiful planet."
,Recommended,426790,34965505,Posted: 14 September,all,Cyril,"It's like, basically just more Grow Home. A few great mechanical improvements - the air brakes are a lifesaver, the jetpack feels more powerful, and the hang glider is just a much better implementation of the leaf. The larger game area means that collectibles are a lot more spread out but in return pod challenges are added to make some of the other landmasses a bit more meaningful and give the game a bit more of a platforming focus. It's also a bit easier to find stuff given the tools at your disposal, which is appreciated - better than trying to scour every last area for hours on end trying to find that last crystal.What it does is make this a really relaxing exploration type game. That I really enjoyed. Much like the first game. I dunno if it's better or worse but it is at least a bit bigger and has a bit more to do, honestly if you liked Grow Home just get this without a second thought in my opinion. Again pretty cheap and really enjoyable."
