user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,427030,21466134,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,54wy,"Things you need to know about before playing or purchasingThe Gate of Firmament(穹之扉in Chinese)At the foremost, I have to be frank I am a fan addicted toThe Gate of Firmamentand its gaming series. But in this review I will try to elaborate neutrally the pros and cons of this game alongside with things you might be interested  to know about.Languages Supporting. You attention here please, this game only supportsEnglish, Japanese, Chinese, Traditonal Chinesewith the corresponding UI, menu and subtitles. So feel free to play if you are English or Japanese players, but unluckily for players in other regions, whether waiting for mods( or official translations, donnot be expecting on that ) or choosing not to buy is at your discretion.This game requiresfree disk space of appropriate 15GB, made by U3D (have been optimized several times since its first release in Feb, 2015 in China ), this steam version gladly has been given huge optimizations. In fact, my gt650m notebook with 8GB ram could run it quite smoothly in 720P, the highest resolution supported is 1920*1080.Technical notes here: should you have problems in failing to initail(black screen or whatever), try starting in win95 compatiable mode, hope it helps.Gate of Firmament and its gaming series.Gate of Firmamentis the 12th work in a row of the prestigiousXuan-Yuan SwordRPG gaming series(better be compared to theFinal FantasyorDragon Questgaming series in Japan, so you could get distinct understandings) with 25 years of history in China. As mentioned, there are twelve works from DOS to 2D to 2.5D to 3D with the first work released 25 years ago forming thisXuan-Yuan Swordgame series. Each game have a separate story told so if you are a novice to playGate of Fimament, there is no affecting your gameplay experience at all. (Somewhere through your play, there may be plots or concepts linked from previous works but believe me most are the surprise type for fans and have little to do with the gameplay).About the game itself.Now let's get down to our main business, how is the game?The Gate of Firmamentis a typical oriental rpg game or more specified, a Chinese martial arts rpg game in the sense that the game put great emphasis on the long moving story you gonna experience rather than the elements of a game, or put it in a another way, it is actually more like a movie than a game. The core spirits of this gaming series is its decent, impressive, beautifully written story.On a scale of 0 to 10 I would like to rate as follows:1.Story   9.5 points, highly recommended if you are fond of Chinese culture and this loving story with the elements of divinity(of course Chinese myths). Must say again here, it's more like a movie, you have to get around villages, towns investing and talking to different people, if you previously had any Final Fantasy experience, it would be ez.2.Music   9 points, music and sound effects are composed by outstanding musicians, but mostly oriental style.3.System/Combat   7 points,actually turn based, you learn and upgrade your abilities, not much to talk about. One thing worth to point out is its Lian-Yao system(mainly you can capture the monsters after you defeat them as pets and combine different ones to a strong pet ) of this gaming series which may fascinates you. Also, there are mini-games included for instance you need to solve some puzzles to get treasures.4.Video  6.5 points, made by U3D engine, modeling of characters and scenes may seem a little rough sometimes but much better than those 2D or 2.5D babies. Modeling are oriental aesthetically.At the very end, I would like to say if you are looking for extreme ""play"" experience such as RTS or acting , this is definitely no choice for you. But if you are a RPG lover or somehow just wondering what our  Chinese game is, this game is a perfect choice for you. It won't let you down for such a fair price.If you have any questions during your game play, be free to leave a message, I would be glad to help."
,Recommended,427030,21442675,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,seph.au,"Brief first impressions. Since english subtitles+UI are available, why not!. Standouts are the beautiful cutscenes and soundtrack. Game itself seems decent but a little rough around the edges, examples being collision meshes missing and some npc pathing issues, Nothing gamebreaking. Translation wasn't a problem though you will find some humorous 'oops' moments. Initial gameplay was your typical jrpg affair, fetch questing around the village while learning the story of your existence.Completing that, then sent to a nearby bamboo forest which introduced combat. No random encounters so far, needed to walk into enemies that roamed about. While I'm still learning the systems but any recent final fantasy player should feel at home. Talent trees were available for characters and equipment system looked deep. Will give it the thumbs up as it's a lovely game for the price. Cheers.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=632178136No english audio, just UI/subtitles. Runs @ 60fps and max resolution is 1080p."
76561198066711200,Recommended,427030,24014397,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Arwooohhh,"This is a pretty decent game for a reasonable price.Here are a few points I would like to mention.No. 1 - Game graphics is definitely good no matter how you look at it, ( 8 / 10 )Pros - Character design and background is fantastic. Game reminds me of Blades and Souls from character design.Cons - Probably needed some facial expressions on characters as I could see that there is no shock factor there and no frowning from the character even though he is fustrated. Probably some parts where characters are too stiff and parts of the clothes could pass through character limbs during cutscenes. Hair does not even move when brushed against by their hands. Just an opinion.No.2 - Gameplay is user friendly. ( 7.5 / 10 )Pros - Easy to maneuver, Skill tree seems legit to me and able to assist my gameplay. They have gears items crafting and wow just wow. Game reminds me of Magna Carta in a simpler form. Multiplayer game to be converted into RPG for single player. Brilliant idea. Chibi mode when walking from town to dungeons? You got to love those.Cons - I was hoping for more action wise from the gameplay but maybe it is just me. I was expecting more reactions that would affect the enemy as I was using the skills to attack them.No.3 - Background Music/OST is beautiful ( 10 / 10 )Pros - I like the overall synchronization of background music and atmosphere. It is really well made and I am really impressed with the arrangements. Got to say that this gives me a really smooth experience in the game.Cons - Nothing from me so far but an english version of the song would be really pretty.No.4 - Story Wise is intriguing. ( 9 / 10 )Pros -  Story is really pretty and great to experience. Not gonna spoil you guys but experience the fun yourself haha. You will love it when you see the little boar or piglet at the start of the game. Nuff said.Cons - Deserves more series to come.No.5 - Voice Acting/Subtitles/Language ( 7.5 / 10 )Pros - I would say that the voice acting is decent. It was in sync with the character's lips, you can feel the emotions from the character. Subtitles are well made and I really appreciate for the developers to put effort to the subtitles. You got to give it thumbs up for this definitely. Otherwise, most players would not be able to understand the story.Cons - Maybe I might be more demanding, I would hope that the developers would consider english voice acting as well. It would really really be so wonderful if there is also language for english voice.Overall Experience ( 8.5 / 10 ) - I would buy the game even if there were no discount for this game. Improvements is a must but definitely brings you to another world of excitement for RPG players."
76561198053216697,Recommended,427030,23507033,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,architect_alex,"This is actually a great game.7/10 Battle system. Boss fights actually requires strategy and may need multiple tries8/10 Story. It's actually surprisingly good. I did have a low expectation before I started but the story does not treat you like an idiot. The things main characters say actually seem like they have thought about it and have reasons behind their decisions.It's very different than games like Fallout or Pillar of Eternity where the game is about player decisions or different choices. Instead the story in this game is set and smoothly unfolds before the player, much like watching a movie. I normally enjoy making my own decisions in the game but it feels nice to take a break and just watch a well orchastrated show.9/10 Music. Some good tracks and some great tracks.Annnnnnd Voice Acting. One of the best I've experienced in a game. 10/10 will not skip cutscenes."
76561198141516986,Recommended,427030,21449290,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Carda [NL],"Just got the game and it runs in full HD @60FPS. Only one hour in so I haven't left the starting town, most time was invested in talking to townspeople to get the story of who you and your family are.Game looks nice, a bit like an unmodded Skyrim so don't expect 4K textures all around. The setting is truely Chinese which is a nice for a change. You get a few nice errors in the english translation but that isn't a problem. All voices are in Chinese but that makes the female characters even more cute than they already are.Hard thing is to remember all the Chinese names being thrown around in the story and it's not easy to understand sometimes what they are trying to tell you in details but I do get the general picture.Haven't been in a singly fight so the 'action' still has to start but what I've seen so far and specially for this low price a true recommendation if you are into these kind of games. (If it's possible to edit this review later I'll try to give some updates)Edit1: Works perfectly with mouse+keyboard, PS3 controller (DS3 motion in joy) and PS4 controller (DS4Windows)."
,Recommended,427030,21466133,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Orion1189,"I don't buy a lot of games with zero prior knowledge of them, but the screenshots looked nice and the price was appealing, so I gave it a shot. And so far, I'm very pleasantly surprised. It's very good looking (especially for the price), and despite some rough edges (weak animations, rough translation), it's a shockingly well-made game, with a lot of nice presentation throughout (nice looking UI, full 3D model viwer for evey item/equipment/enemy in the game, great OST, etc). And it runs well too.Just in case the trailer didn't give enough info, this is a very by-the-numbers JRPG (or CRPG to be more accurate), with semi-turn-based battles with some combo/timing based inputs. Encounters aren't random though, and you can see all enemies in the world before hand and attack for preemptive strikes. Everything else is pretty typical RPG fare: decent amount of exploration, chests with loot (and you can actually dismantle the chests for more loot!), tons of battling, and I think even a sort of Pokemon-esque element later? Mostly what you'd expect, but with some nice twists as well. Definitely not regretting the purchase at all, and will probably buy future installments if they get English localizations (it seems like a small miracle, or at least an anomaly, that this one did)."
,Recommended,427030,21577449,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TheManko,"UPDATE: A patch was released that fixed one of my biggest gripes with the game, so I have now revised the review to reflect that, plus other additions now that I’ve played the game more.Gate of Firmament might be a 3D game, but it feels like a retro 2D RPG. There’s nothing in the game that makes use of 3D, apart from giving the developers the ability to place the camera wherever they want.Every detail from how you move, how environments are laid out, how the combat system works, how cutscenes and dialog scenes are paced feels like a 2D RPG. For example, you can’t jump, and the combat system is most optimally played if you only use the keyboard. This isn’t a negative, just a stylistic choice that shows the series origin as a long running traditional series.Compared to western RPGs the cutscene quality is on the level of Knights of the Old Republic. There’s long pauses after every spoken line where you wait for the character animation to stop playing before the next line is spoken. So it’s cheap, but good enough that it gets the point across of what the scene is trying to convey. But it’s a far way off from Mass Effect, Dragon Age or Witcher 3. Luckily you can click to skip to the next line of dialog, a feature that was patched in after release. This is big, because now and then you get cutscenes where the pacing is particularly slow and stilted. Being able to manually raise the pace by clicking is a huge improvement. Very appreciated that it didn’t take them long to patch that in.There’s something likable about Gate of Firmament. It has the charm of an underdog trying their best to create an epic masterpiece, despite only having a fraction of the money or manpower to achieve that goal. It looks older than it is. But thanks to the vibrant colors it’s good enough. If you have the patience for it, this is an alright game. It might even be great once the story kicks off in proper. I liked the characters, and the humor had a nice off-beat quality to it. It’s very far from perfect, but I find myself returning to it again and again, giving it another 30-60 minutes here and there. It isn’t amazing, but it doesn’t matter. It’s enough to be likable."
76561198250162150,Recommended,427030,21468223,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,番茄RRR,"写在最前面希望开发者看到请让游戏中能显示手柄操作提示，既然你战斗界面都那么明显地为了方便手柄使用了。在设置里调节操控设备或者游戏自动监测都行--------------------------------------------------------so excited to see chinese video games finally stepped on the international stage. though the game seams a bit immature and rough comparing to those AAA games, in general it is a good game, not to mention the tempting price.i've played for a while with xbox 360 controller, the gaming experience is satisfying especially in the battle. but it's confusing why the developer didn't put the operative tips for controller (especially since the battle ui is clearly tailored for controller). most controls can be easily figured out but here are a few tricky ones:on regular screen:y - to show the mapon battle screen:rb+ a/b/x/y - to use skillslb + up/down/left/right - to change battlefieldlt/rt - to change objectivestart - to escapehere are my personal rating:7/10+exciting battling experience (controller strongly recommended)+satisfying video performance for chinese games+smooth gaming experience (easily 60 fps)+QINGHUAI of chinese video games ;P (why is it a bad thing?)-too many lengthy and boring conversations能看到国产单机真正意义走向世界舞台的一天还是蛮激动的，虽然这款游戏在国际平台上的确略显稚嫩而且存在一些问题，但是整体游戏素质还行。用xbox360手柄玩了一会儿，战斗的体验蛮好，比原版好而且更适合手柄。有一点比较困惑的是游戏里并没有手柄键位的操作提示。我看下面也有评论提到。但是试一下基本上很容易就能搞清楚了。需要注意的是在一般界面上Y对应开地图，战斗界面中start是逃跑，lb+上下左右是切换战阵，rb+abxy是使用浑天,lt/rt是切换对象。还有一点没搞清楚就是怎么用解毒药和复活药。希望后续更新能把手柄的对应提示加上。这是一个好的开头，请不要让我们再次失望。"
,Recommended,427030,21656558,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Plutia,"This game is good (i think it´s the first game on steam in this style of artwork).Pros:- Excellent OST/BGM- The graphic and artwork is beautiful- Easy play game-You can forge your own weapons and capture monsters- I recommend buy the sound collectionCons:- Even if you play in english, the game isn´t fully translated (hope they will improve the english later)- In game has few orthographic mistakes (for english language)- The Steam version and non steam version are different. In steam version, as far i already played, you can´t disable companion AI to stop using items, so if the HP is running low, they will use items.- Since this one is the sixth game from the serie, will be good if other titles come to steam as well- You need know Chinese to enjoy fully, since even if you play the game with english subtitle, the subtitle is only a small part from their voices; in another words, if you know Chinese (at least conversation), you will have more fun with their chit chat. And this helped me in untranslated parts.-The main character sister is a nuisance-If you hate betrayal, don´t play this oneIn the end, i recommend this game. If they fix the problems above, will be a great game."
76561197977919430,Recommended,427030,21648762,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Seven-Spade,"This Game is simply ...WOW.. i mean, see for yourself.The Game maintains one of the best storylines i ever experienced so far. ( And i played a lot of RPG)It has everything you want and need in a good RPG,On a scale 1 (bad) to 10 (excellent):Battle System - 7 ( Not really new - a mixture of half roundbased and half Active-Battle - similar to FF13-3)Lvl. System - 7 ( the Skilltree is a nice asset )Story -  10 ( a lot of drama, you get to know every feeling a player can feel - all ups and downs of ones heart )Content - 8 (there is a lot to quest and search outside the main story if you want to. Carefull !!! Some of the sidequest are intertwined with the main story witch makes the questsystem unforgiving in terms of missing something/ failing quests)Graphics - 7 ( There are better graphics out there but this game does a very good job with what it has, and believe me,     some of the lights and enviorments are really beautyfull )Animations - 6 (some of the Character movements and mimics are looking really plastic, but it is enough to communicate the feelings to the player )Sound FX - 7 ( Ok but not really new, you heard alot of them)Voice acting - 10 ( even though i dont understand chinese it feels as if i mostly understand what actors are saying through their mood in their voices, great voice acting here. And yes, there are subtitles too ... =)  )Music/Ost - 9 ( The music acompanys the story and the emotions in this game at a great level. Its mostly a main theme witch is composed over and over for every aspect of the game. Witch is not bad, in this case even very well madeOverall :  8 - A great game where the passion of the makers lies at most in the story and the dramatic events.You want a solid RPG then buy this one"
,Recommended,427030,21639925,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Woody,"After more than 40 hours of gameplay without skipping any cinematic, I finally completed the game. I would say that this game is worth for the money I paid for. Even though this game is not as good as those big titles, it does worth playing. This game remind me of Final Fantasy series and The Last Remnant, which is my all time favourite game, but this game is more toward ancient chinese story.Storyline 10/10This game has fantastic storyline, which is funny, touching and educate. I get touched several time by the story characters. This game is 40 hours+ long if you complete all side quest and kill all the area boss.Battle System 6/10The battle system isn't as good as I expected. The steam version have different battle interface than the original release from Chinese version. The control are somehow terrible and too easy because you only have to keep spamming the skill with one key and heal occasionally. The skills for each character are somehow terrible as you only rely on 1 or 2 skills, and the rest are useless even for boss fight. The AI for battle are terrible, you will realise the pots go down so quickly enough that you might not have enough for boss fight, so buy more.Character 8/10Character setup are quite good. As the game only focus on 4 main characters, so you don't have to make decision to choose who is going to be in the party like other games did.Graphics 7/10Even though the game is in 3D, the graphics are still horrible for a year 2015+ game in my opinion. The facial expression for the character are driving me nut. Most of the NPC are terribly designed because developer only focus on main character facial expression. However, the scenery in the game are looking beautiful and attractive. Do note that the game is made in Unity3D.Feature 7/10The developer removed a few interesting features from the original release. You can no longer use LianYao (combine and merge any single monster into higher tier), you can't run from battle or maybe I don't know how because they is not a single button for that, HunTian skill system is removed, you can't control how AI works which is always finish up your pots in the beginning of the game.Map 5/10The game map for each area is insanely huge but empty. I did a lot of running through the map just the open one of the chest on another side of the map. Some of the quest make you run here and there which is actually quite annoying.Quest 7/10The quest system is somehow suprising me with the timeline implementation. You can't accept certain quest if the quest is past due the timeline. Some of the quest are good as they require some thinking and puzzle solving which I love it.Monster 5/10The enemy in each map are almost the same, just normal attacking with similar damage and no special skills. I find it boring to fight monster but to level up you have to do it. Boss fight are too easy for me, maybe because I did not play in hard mode. There are few map boss in certain area which are quite challenging but you can easily kill them when you know how your character work.Overall: 8/10Overall, I would recommend anyone to try this game if you liked final fantasy as the story of the game is good. I will not recommend this game if you are purely wanted a graphics intense game."
76561198064852407,Recommended,427030,23626724,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"It's a Wuxia style RPG, and that's not something you see often. I love the genre so my psitio is biased.But if you are not a fan there're some things you must take in consideration before buying it:-The translation goes of the rails as the game goes on, and in the final chapters it's all sorts of wrong;-Some near end side quest break the imersion hard, with Devs avatars in the mix and characters from other games;-Crashes will happen, eventually;- (No autosave)After replaying the game I found an autosave feature. Not sure if it only appears on NG+. But it's on a different tab than the regular saves.Plusses:+ Wuxia (sorry, it's Xianxia, see [N]epgear coment bellow)+ Really nice monster models+ Takles the major chinese genesis myth with style+ At some point there's a stand and punches stuff+ Pangu kicks your♥♥♥♥♥super hard and you'll just stand there repenting for your sin of picking a fight with a unique legendary boss that was chilling in a very low level zone.So... think before going into it. But it's fun man."
,Recommended,427030,34028497,Posted: 4 August,all,"Uni, student in Sumisora.","Based on ancient Chinese myth and real history, the ""Xuan-Yuan Sword"" is one of the most beloved and longest-running video game franchises in China, with this ""The Gate of Firmament"" being the newest member of the series. It offers beautiful artwork and music, rich oriental story with nearly 50 hours gameplay, although sometimes conversation being too slow ."
76561197972463946,Not Recommended,427030,28867951,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Piña,"The save system doesn't work offline. On a many hour long RPG, this makes the game unplayable offline. Which boils down to a soft kind of online only DRM. Which is unacceptable for me.Still don't know whether this is a bug or an intended ""feature"", but since it's not the only game from these devs with this issue, it seems it's either intended or not important enough to fix. And this is a big enough deal that I'm posting this review to make it known to potential buyers, as there's no warning of this online only requirement on the store page. None that I can see, anyway.I'll remove this review (and rebuy this game) once this issue is solved."
,Recommended,427030,21455151,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,梦幻 Mew,"Xuan-Yuan Jian is my love. Xuan-Yuan Jian is my life. Hopefully, the Steam release of Gates of Firmament is the first step to spreading that special joy to others in the world. While lacking in the graphics and game engine department when compared to western AAAs, The Gate of Firmament delivers the heart the series is known for. Although it is rough around the edges, especially in the English and Japanese translations, I hope that the enthusiasm and pride of the developers, the ever dedicated and evolving DOMO Group, shines through.  It's a game that I can recommend for you to play without hesitation, if you are a fan of good characters, engaging stories, and immersive settings."
,Recommended,427030,21512386,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,AirRai,"I like it so far, been waiting for a jrpg from chinese culture for quite sometime. What I found really enjoyable is that, the map is easy to follow and tells you how much chest you have left to find. I also enjoy that fact that the quest logs tells you which quest you have not recieved yet so for people who like to complete everything, the quest log makes it a lot easy to keep track of your progress.Pros- Good looking game (reminds me of star ocean 4 graphics)- voice acting, only in chinese-mandarin tho with subtitles- story- gameplay (feels like tales series meets final fantasy 13)Cons- Menus don't change when controller is plugged in (still shows keyboard buttons)- pre rendered cutscenes are really choppy, shows 60fps on counter but looks like it is less then 15fps (might just be my computer, please let me know if theres a setting fix or something thanks)- Some animations look really awkward while some look like motion capture, really throws you off while watching cutscenes-minor spelling and grammar errors in translation"
76561198011858860,Recommended,427030,22070808,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DG| Klaw117,"2016-07-03 EDIT: The June 23 patch fixed many optimization and translation issues that I criticized below. I replayed the ending and part of the beginning with all graphics options set to max and was able to maintain a smooth 60 FPS. The translation was also much easier to understand, though I've yet to replay the entire game to see how the translation is for the rest of the game.ORIGINAL REVIEW (plus a few grammatical fixes): I bought this game on launch, though it was sitting in my library for about three weeks until I had access to my desktop again. I started playing it with the intent to just try it out for an hour or two. A week later, I racked up 40 hours of playtime. I love JRPGs, and I believe this game compares very favorably to more well-known JRPGs. I don't know if it can really be called a JRPG though since it was made in Taiwan. It's also a bit unique since as far as I know, it's the only localized high-profile RPG to incorporate Chinese legends and culture in its plot.First, let's talk about the story and characters. They are very well-written. There's great character development as the story progresses, and you can't help but get attached to them as you watch them interact with each other and the world around them. There's also quite a bit of romance involved, so suckers for romance like me will be happy with that. As for the story, it already gets a thumbs up from me just for its faithful integration with Chinese culture. I've never seen that before, so this was a breath of fresh air for me. Is the story believable though? Most definitely. All of the characters have their own reasons for going on their shared adventure, and none of them are outrageous. Also, if you ever forget any part of the story, you can click on ""Memory"" on the title screen to revisit any old cutscene you've already played for a memory-refresher.The presentation of the story might be a more divisive issue though. This game is VERY cutscene-heavy. Cutscenes are usually a few minutes in the first parts of the game, but once the first chapter ends, it's not unusual to see a sequence of cutscenes lasting ten or twenty minutes. This isn't much of an issue for me but for others, it may be discourage purchasing this game. There are also translation issues...a lot of translation issues. It's not bad enough to prevent you from understanding the story, but the translation was clearly not done by a dedicated team with previous experience. I find that the translation issues affect me the most during optional quests because it can be a little hard (not too hard though) to figure out what to do next when your instructions aren't translated properly. What I like about the localization, however, is that the original Mandarin voices are left in. I prefer reading subtitles than listening to dubbed voices.The gameplay isn't bad. It could be better though. The original Taiwanese release had a much deeper battle system where you had a greater degree of control over all four characters. The Steam release dumbed down many aspects to suit console controllers (look for screenshots on Google or the Steam Community Hub Discussion forums for comparison). However, the battle system is still entertaining enough if you don't mind repetitive button combinations. I would love to see Softstar consider adding the Taiwanese control system back into the Western port though. It might give me more of an incentive to deploy the monsters you can capture or create in the game because right now, I very rarely use them. The AI-controlled characters will use up a lot of your HP- and MP-replenishing items, but this isn't much of a problem since it's easy to get money to buy a vast supply of replenishing items.Before I finish up, I want to quickly talk about the soundtrack. It's obviously very Chinese-influenced, and it sounds amazing. It's also cheap. Very cheap. It's $1.39 but could easily go for $9.99.Finally, let's talk art and graphics. The art is obviously Chinese-influenced. Characters will be dressed in Chinese-style clothing and environments will feature Chinese architecture. The graphics are a bit outdated for a 2015/2016 game. They're more similar to a game that came out in 2007-2010. I have no problem with this though, the game still looks great. However, the optimization leaves much to be desired. I currently have a GTX 670, and I can run all the normal settings like texture and shadows at their highest level. However, all the post-processing effects like anti-aliasing, bloom, depth of field, and SSAO led to significant frame rate drops. Even with all post-processing effects off, I can only get 40-45 FPS. I'm only playing with anti-aliasing on, and I can only maintain 28-35 FPS. Unfortunately, you can't do any downsampling in this game. Interestingly, in the menu, map, and title screen, I can get well over a hundred FPS. There are also rare occasions where the game suddenly stabilizes to a smooth 60+ FPS, but I don't know what causes this.I think any fan of RPGs will be happy with purchasing this game unless you absolutely can't stand long cutscenes or mediocre optimization. The price is also very reasonable, probably because it's been out for a year in Taiwan already. If you have any interest, please consider purchasing this game! I'd love to see it get more success on Steam so that Softstar might be convinced to localize other games in the series to the West."
76561198044152769,Recommended,427030,21490180,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cain,"Pros- Great story and unique setting- Fantastic Soundtrack- runs pretty well- looks quite good for a small budget title- Monster/Demon fusion and taming- simple but effective combat, reminds me of the old ATB system from Final FantasyCons- Broken English Translation which sometimes can be hilarious, but you still can understand the story fairly easy.- Rough edgesit's a low Budget title and it shows, but if you can look pass that and the broken translation, it's a pretty good jRPG with an amazing soundtrack. i recommend to those who loved jRPGs from the Playstation 1 and 2 era."
76561198044964002,Recommended,427030,21804645,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,William,"More and more after I become a working adult, I have less and less time, and consequently I play time-consuming games less and less, if at all.However, once in a while comes a game that will hit your sweet spot. This game is it for me.I love:How the feel is so different from the usual games I generally play (either western or Japanese)The story is interesting - you want to know moreCharacterisation has depth - things change, people have reasons they behave they way they do. Some people dislike the length of cutscenes, but I encourage you to come at this with a neutral point of view. It's a different way of gaming. There is an advantage to those lengthy cutscenes; it gives the story and characters time to explore a lot of things - and so they have depthChinese story gives a fresh feeling - we are all familiar with Western and/or Japanese stories, it's so refreshing we have something new"
,Recommended,427030,21467771,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Res-kun,"PROS- Soundtrack- Storyline and character interactions- Cutscenes with good voice acting- Crafting system- Pacing is easy to remember. Cutscenes are followed by a a field area or dungeon, with 5 minute cutscenes sprinkled in, followed by a boss.- X360 controller plugs and plays just fineMEH- Cutscenes are lengthy! Be prepared to invest a lot of time watching and not playing. The average cutscene ranges from 10 minutes to 40 minutes.- Some mistranslations and grammar issues. Although rare, some pieces of dialogue aren't even translated.CONS- Combat can take some time to understand. It's a combination of Grandia and standard MMO combat systems.- AI teammates like to use all of your items."
76561198088183966,Recommended,427030,21665441,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,PissMyAss,支持一下國貨，雖然遊戲不是我喜歡的。十年也好，二十年也罷，總有拿得出手的一天吧。只要你們敢做，我們就精神上支持！
,Not Recommended,427030,21527988,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DePhoque,"The game localisation was done so poorly, it is impossible to play.  The poor translation is so distracting that I can't follow the story.  It seems that the translation was done by a second language speaker of English with gaps filled in with Google Translate.  This is unfortunate as I really wanted to see what a Chinese game could offer up.  I can't speak to the story quality or interest, or even the battle system as I had to stop playing after the 3rd cutscene.   If they clean up the English translation, I will give this another shot but until then it's getting returned."
,Recommended,427030,21497786,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Papa Billy,"So far I've been having a blast with this game. I bought it out of pure curiosity, and so far I haven't regretted it at all. It's a JRPG, and from what I've been able to gather it seems to be from a very long running franchise, having its start back 20 years ago.Anyways, it features a pretty interesting fighting system, it's kind of real-timeish, making use of combos and magic under a ""global"" cooldown of a second or so, so you'll be chaining a lot of your moves together, and it all flows pretty nicely and looks great. Enemies can also be pretty challenging if you play on hard difficulty, which is a nice plus for me.There are also a ton of cutscenes, so if you're not into ""cinematic"" experiences it might not be your thing. I do find the story pretty interesting right now, albeit a bit difficult to follow due to all the Chinese names, but I suppose that is to be expected. It's not due to the translation, as it's okay, and generally gets the point across with a few grammatical mistakes here and there.I also want to mention the music. I love the music so far, having this very distinct eastern style to it. Especially the battle theme, always gets me pumped.From a technological stand-point the game runs without hiccups on my end, and the only real thing I'd like to have the option to is borderless window, but I can do without it.I would like the be able to turn off the option to have my AI allies eat all of my consumables, which is a bit annoying.I'll probably update this once I beat it, as right now I just wanted to put my two cents down on it, but I would definitely recommend it if you are into JRPGs, or just want a pretty entertaining story in general."
76561198105128017,Recommended,427030,21876628,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,mornir,"Awesome game for learning mandarin!Fully dubbed with subtitles (simplified + traditional).There are a lot of cutscenes and dialogues to learn from. During cutscenes, you can pause the game at any moment, which gives you time to look up unknown words. The language in the game is not too hard to understand. I'd say it is suitable for upper-intermediate level.The graphics are great and the music is beautiful. However, the gameplay feels a bit stiff and the fighting can be confusing, but not difficult (just smash the Q key, and you'll be fine). The story is quite interesting.Even if you play in English, this game is still worth giving a try. It has its own charm that is distinct from Japanese and American made games."
,Recommended,427030,21796920,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BladeOfKitta,"Ok, here's my 2 cents. This game has some translation issues, yes. And the gfx certainly aren't the best ever. But PLEASE stop griping about the length of the cutscenes people! The story so far is wonderful, the battle system is basic but well done, and the only reason I don't have more hours logged in the game is because it made me scour Wikipedia for more background info because it made me curious about it. I'd love to see other games in this series over here. HIGHLY recommended for anyone who likes rpgs, great stories, fun fights, and grumpy Chinese *Uncles!*Note to Devs: If you would be interested in having someone help with translation fixes for this game, please contact me. I would be MORE than happy to help out, as I think it might help more people to enjoy this game even more, and get more people to give it a shot!I may be a 外国人 (Wai Guo Ren), but Im pretty sure I was Asian in a past life, so Id like to think I know what Im talking about here :-P"
76561197976081787,Recommended,427030,29123782,Posted: 8 January,all,mdwbm,"This game is part of the Xuan Yuan Sword series. Having never played any of the prior games I cannot say whether this is better, the same, or worse. The story is interesting but with very predictable plot twists. Each of your 4 party members meet by chance and ultimately are going in the same direction. As you go through the game, you learn why each are on their journey and why you must stop the villains before they reach the gates to the gods.The story is extremely hard to follow in the very beginning considering all the non-connecting information presented. This is probably due to the fact that this is a Chinese game with lots of history intertwined. As you go further into the game things slowly start to make sense. Each character’s plight which in the beginning seamed more shallow starts to become more understandable. The story is good but there is very little that cannot be predicted.The game has a good cast of voice actors that do a good job at setting the mood and pushing the story. The syncing is off at times but is nothing that is overly distracting. The subtitles for the game have been mostly converted (I played with English subs). There are several parts in the game that were missed but due to the context of the situation are easily identifiable. The games text is a mixed bag. In some scenes, you have to press a button to move the text, in others there is a super long delay while it switches text, and in other scenes with lots of text (more noticeable in directions) the text moves super-fast.The graphics in the game are really interesting and vivid. The locations are very distinctive. A lot of time was placed in creating a good atmosphere that was not overly repetitive or generic. Even the majority of characters have their subtle looks that make most of them stand out. Main characters to the story are of course more detailed than others.There is a huge amount of cut scenes throughout the game. Especially in the first 2 hours of gameplay. If you are not a patient person, this may not be a game for you.The music to the game is well done and vast. It is nothing groundbreaking that you would want to take with you when you go for a walk though. In fact, the beginning sections of the game sound as if they stone old martial arts and western movie music. After a while the songs start to sound more original and not annoying to hear while traveling.Gameplay is a mixed bag. If you have ever played Jade Empire, the controls will be easy to understand and utilize. As the game is in real-time, you will have to think quick. The AI partners you have are good at supporting you however they are HUGE resource hogs. They will quickly empty out your potions even when they are not needed. The enemy AI is not very intuitive and are quite easy to defeat. Which brings one of the biggest issues I have with the game, Boss battles! Normally a boss is supposed to be tricky, stronger, and inventive in combat. With this game, there is a large curve to fighting one. Normal enemies are easy to beat while bosses almost always feel like an epic fight at the end of a game.There are many different systems to the game that are not really explained or quickly glossed over that are quite essential to making your play though better. If you play this game take some time to go over your main system window. This will have your character’s equipment, monsters collected, crafting section, and most importantly quest window. The second thing I did not care much for! Quests show up based on conversations but you are not really told about them. In many cases, if you are not constantly checking the quests which are broken up by character or location you can easily pass over them.This game has some really interesting concepts that show the creators did take a lot of time trying to perfect. Treasure chests once collected can be destroyed for more items, each character needs to talk to people for different outcomes and quests, characters have their own special abilities while traveling, and many other little details.Ultimately this is a good game that will take some time to go though. There are many faults but there are equally as many benefits. If you love long romance RPGs you are sure to enjoy this."
76561198050932379,Recommended,427030,23836155,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"BONE KING, KING OF BONES","A pretty well put together RPG, my only major complaints is the lengths of the cutscenes and the lack of an auto save or overworld save point that would prevent me from navigating through the menus. I also wish that the battle mechanics were explained a little better, i figured out how to use special skills only after fumbling with my controller mid battle. The translations are a little off in some places, but it's nothing that would prevent you from understanding the story or gameplay."
,Recommended,427030,21532663,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Backstory,"This entry in the long running Xuan-Yuan Sword series is the first I've played, but I immediately enjoyed the whimsical, often humurous writing, and the fast combat. Cutscenes tend to run long because while you can pause and skip dialog, you can't button through it. Considering the voice acting is not English (there are eng. subtitles), I was reading the dialog long before the voice actor finished speaking the line. I kept a Chrome tab open and quickly peaked down to read the subtitle in between browsing twitter to keep my ADD infested brain satisfied.Combat has you managing cool downs in real time, with party members intelligently attacking alongside you, but without any movement. There are no random battles as the enemies appear on the field and you can attack or avoid at your leisure. The music is amazing, oddly enough inspiring me to want to go back to Jade Empire, and the graphics aren't the sharpest but there are plenty of great looking environments.For $15, this is an excellent game for those who want a different flavor of RPG than the usual Japanese or Western RPG."
76561197975760250,Recommended,427030,34433006,Posted: 23 August,all,Jinn,"I have held off on getting The Gate of Firmament for awhile now, mainly because of complaints I heard about the quality of translation and the overabundance of cutscenes. While the translation now is not necessarily top quality stuff, I've found it to be very coherent, with few spelling errors or typos, and good punctuation. In comparison to the other few Chinese RPGs translated to English at our disposal in this day and age, this is probably one of the finest efforts around. For this Softstar and DOMO studio are to be applauded.As for the amount of cutscenes: yes, there are a lot, particularly in the first 3 hours or so. While the amount in these first few hours was a little too much, I've found them to even out as the story goes on. This might also be because I've become heavily invested in the storyline by now, so I don't mind them in the least. I love the setting and the mythological tone of the main scenario.Something I found myself concerned about in the first few hours was the lack of difficulty, even on hard mode. It quickly became apparent, however, that this concern was unfounded. As long as you are not grinding like crazy, the difficulty pleasantly increases as you move into the 6~7 hour mark. I've been really surprised by the challenge the Bosses present, usually with a unique approach being key to a seemingly unsurmountable battle. This not only includes using in-battle skills, but considering the equipment you have, the demon you have bound to your fighting style, what level that demon might be, and what character(s) you are controlling in that battle. It's not the deepest system around, but I've been discovering more and more depth as I go on. I am very pleased about that.Aesthetically, the game has a lot going for it. All the concept and character art is extremely good and a joy to look at. You can see this translated very well into a rather aging engine. Some environments are truly stunning despite the limitations inherent in a fairly dated game. The music is simply beautiful.I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking to explore a mythological Chinese world, with great characters and an involved story. The game begins at a slow pace, both narratively and in terms of gameplay, but if you stick with it you'll be rewarded in the end."
,Recommended,427030,21672148,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,mo1016,"The Gate of Firmament is a solid game. Everything is done well, but not well enough. I believe if Softstar have more resources and time, the game could've been so much better and so much more. Anyway, the story is good and that's what count the most in a traditional JRPG (yes, I know it's set in China).Pros- Good Story. I didn't like it in the beginning as the characters are dull, but I started to like them progressing through the game. Well, at least 2 of them. The story gets better too, especially in the last quarter of the game.- Music. The music is good, though not as memorable as some of their past entries. Also, there are 3 theme songs to my surprise.- Great concept arts. Whether it be the characters, enemies, or stages, the concept arts are really good.- Many secret bosses.- Hidden endings.Mixed- Battle system is fast paced and I like changing boost stats during battles. However, there is no way to change AI strategies, and they'll use up all your items. Also, you can blast through the game by using mainly 2 strategies; spaming ice magic, or have all 3 characters use physical attack and 沐月 using heal all. There were only 2 bosses that's strong enough that I have to change my strategy a bit to beat, and I never level grind.- CGs are really good, but the FPS is terrible. It's a shame CGs weren't recorded well.- Graphic is solid in general. Main characters look good, but not the rest of the cast. Also, character animation is really limited. The environment is a hit or miss. I dislike the levels with over saturated pink and red, but some stages look gorgeous. I especially like the final stage.- Gamdpad support. The gamepad works fine but hints are for keyboard and mouse. Also, puzzles can only be solved using a mouse.Cons- LONG dialogues. The dialgues drag on for too long. It should be shortened and there should be an option to view the next line. It really messed up the pace of the game. And who talk like the in game characters in real life? Also, 2 main male casts need to man up. It's almost like I have a party of 4 female protagonists.- Tons of bugs. Just to name a few; I fell in underground once, battles ended a few times when I press pause, some achievements not working, get stuck in map (especially at XiaYi), black polygons showing on the skin of characters during a few cutscenes...etc. However, thank to auto save system, it saves me a ton of time when encounter what could've been game breaking bugs.Due to many short comings, I almost give up playing it, but I am glad I stick to it and finished the game. Ultimately, it's a good experience. Hopefully Softstar will bring more of their games on Steam. I also look forward to Xuan-Yuan Sword 8, built with a better game engine of course."
76561198143794662,Recommended,427030,21468927,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,tenvion,"***The amount of time I played is really low because I palyed the non-steam version before.First let me say that I am a huge fan of this Chinese RPG series.  This series has long history but sufferred greatly since 2000 due to severe piracy problems in China.  I am buying this game  because I want to support it, and I believe it is totally worth me to pay for it twice!!Now on to the game itself:Good (alright) graphic.  Athough don't expect it to meet standards of Western 3A  games.Soundtracks are really good, similar to JRPG osts.  I personally enjoy them very much.Lengthy yet Nice plot.  The story it presents is quite capative, the main story line is very long and complex considering the price of this game.  Each character comes to group with their own agenda, and develop richly throughout the course of the game. There are numerous side quests that you can do.It took me 28 hours to beat; depends on your play style, 20 to 40 hours of game experience is POSSIBLE.The only thing that I didn't quite like is the battle system, you can mix and match different skills to play, but it is still limitting.  It has semi-turn based combat system, a bit like FF10 but faster paced.Anyway, please give it a try, it is a great game!!!"
76561198099226985,Recommended,427030,21799101,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,l_hamalainen,"This game is a bit difficult to review, since I liked it, but it has some noticeable problems.This is a story-based game with tons of cutscenes, some of which can be up to an hour long. Unfortunately the translation is not that good. There are lots of errors and weird sentences, and in a couple of cases the spelling of important plot elements changes in different scenes, so you can get confused over what the characters are talking about. The story isn't interactive at all, either. You can't select any dialogue, you just watch the cutscenes.That being said, I thought the story was pretty good and the characters were excellent. The translation was annyoing to read in some parts, but I did manage to understand what was going on. It helps that the story is a bit long-winded so things get repeated several times at various points.Graphical design in this game is awesome, even if the actual engine seems to be pretty dated. The backgrounds often literally look like paintings, color is used brilliantly in a way from which many western game designers could learn a thing or two. Why make a brown sewer level when you could make a gorgeous peach forest instead?The music is also excellent, there are many quite memorable tracks in this game.Unfortunately the fighting system isn’t that good. You can only control one character at a time, and you can beat most battles by just pressing the attack button. The AI seems to be otherwise competent, but it wastes all your items. That will be changed in a patch soon, but the fighting in this game will not be very interesting after that either. Strangely enough, people in the forums have said the original version of the game had a better battle system. The version which was released on Steam and translated into English is apparently also going to come out for consoles, so they simplified the system. If you are fluent in Chinese, you may want the original version instead.Overall, I recommend this game if you want a long and audiovisually nice Chinese fantasy story. If you are looking for top notch RPG gameplay, then this doesn’t quite have that. What it does offer is a great sense of adventure and beautiful sights and sounds."
,Recommended,427030,25466931,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,MattoTomato,"I'm a die hard supporter for Chinese game especially Softstars for over 2 decades. Bought this game w/o 2nd thought since Chinese games are now hardly seen in local stores. Storyline is good as what one could expect from a world of ""Xian Xia 仙侠"" series (revolving around ancients Chinese deities) with well balance gaming mechanic.The gameplay is similar to classic RPGs and unique in it's world, monsters and skills.Things I like about are:- no random battles, you can avoid the monster encounter if you wanna save time.- battle is real time with no time gauge and uses cool down instead.- the party members will auto-fight itself like Tales of Destiny where player can switch to any of the characters easily thru joypad or keyboard.- capturing of monster for fusing and leveling artifacts is enjoyable!- battle formation adds more possible strategies to the game play especially for boss fights.Hope more Chinese game are available in steam soon!"
,Recommended,427030,21518223,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Stan_NZGU,"Pros:*Decent combat system*Good story (Touching at times)*Good character design*Best bang for the buck*A good TRPG series*A sub-series (Good achivement)*Kind of like an MMORPG*Humor*A platform for learning Mandarin to an extent.Cons:*Recycled character NPC's (Been to two towns, NPC's look exactly the same, especially during story cutscenes)*Non-randomized monster encounters (Every encounter is about the same in each location)*Minor language translation issues*Graphics feel retro (some lighting issues too)*Lips out of sync*Minor graphic glitches*Chunky default controls (Hit ESC to get to menu and stuff, M for map and Tab for character select)*Some weird choices for colours*Only 4 playable characters*Only the currently selected character can be controlled properly*Unbalanced bosses (Difficulty scales badly, uncontrolled characters respond slow to healing, limited allocation of spells makes it hard, revive command is not possible)."
76561198029522466,Recommended,427030,21466566,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Iz,"Played it before it came to steam.If you like JRPG (the style, it's made in Taiwan) give it a try, you'll find both something old and new that you might enjoy.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,427030,21454859,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Juz,"One if the best classic  series of Chinise RPG, now available in English and Japanese.Why dont you just purchase and give it a try.一開始買的是情懷，之後發現其實這代做得還是挺好的，價格也算是良心價。嶄新的戰斗方式，畫面細節和動畫也比上一代精細很多，聲效等細節也做得不錯，算是中文RPG近年來的一個驚喜吧。"
,Recommended,427030,21668870,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,💋SayonaraBaby☠,"Finally some classic rpg I found by accident on the steam frontpage.I do not have completed the game yet (obviously with barely 8 hrs on my record)So far I can agree with most positive reviews postet by players already before me and thus i recommend the game.Some of the negative reviews complain about the cutscene length. In my opinion those people simply cant get along with the chinese mythology theme or simple dont know what rpg means.So before you start consider buying this game i can hint some things that might not be of your taste:1. The battles in this game are in fact very simple and i can agree, they could have been more strategic so far. You chose one of the four main characters (available at a certain progress), the others will be controlled by AI. There is not a huge skilltree. However you can catch monsters you face and use them for your own purpose in battles.2. The single maps are not very big (yet i still like it more like those very long corridors like in FF13 if you know what i mean)3. Graphics are out of date as you can see from many of the screenshots. You can get an impression if you have played the online mmorpg Swordsman (which was released by Perfect World and paired up with Softstar). However this does not mean the game doesnt look pretty. The chars are designed very detailed but some of the minor charakters sadly are not so detailed. The environments are quite beautiful.4. Maybe the worst aspect of the game is the English translation. I am aware that translations usually are a big challange especially for small indie developers, especially if you need a suiting professional voicecast, it simply is very expensive to translate with a lot of script and as my Chinese is sadly not very advanced i depend on a propper translation. I dont mind there is no English voicecast but the subs really need some polishment. Mostly you will understand the plot at the current state but it still can be quite annoying to see all the typos or bad grammar ( English is not my native language so i aswell have to apologize for any mistakes in my review)5. As i already said, its a classic RPG. If long cutscenes annoy you, if you dont like long scripts or deep stories this is really not your choice and you should probably avoid this game.This beeing said i like the story so far.The music adds a lot to the storys background and i do really enjoy the chinese voicecast. They speak very clearly and sometimes i do not even need the subs. The voices really suit the charakters well.The interface is very very simple.There are plenty of weapons, acessories, armors etc. Also there is a wiki for your gear and the monsters.The maps show locations of treasures, events and restore points. Also the quest log is very useful and shows available quests/ active quests and finished quests.You can freely switch between the main charakters once they have joined your party.Once i have completed the game, i will edit this review to add more details.I really recommend this game to rpg fans who are curious about the chinese mythology theme. It is a really relaxing, beautiful game even if kept a little simple. If you study the Chinese language you might get something to practise with aswell."
76561198014356155,Recommended,427030,24768763,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,skolad,"As part of a long-running RPG series, my first comparison point for this game was Final Fantasy.  The Xuan-Yuan Sword franchise is very much the Chinese equivalent to FF, but from a distinctly Chinese perspective.  The story is interesting, based on Chinese historical mythology, making it unique among games available to the Western audience.Gameplay is the standard ""run around closed maps until you encounter respawning enemies,"" which then takes you to a group battle screen.  While not strictly turn-based, abilites are all on cooldown timers, so you can't just mash keys (though you will eventually spam combos); you can also play as any of your four characters depending on your preferred battle role.  After maxing out the combos, the battles are a bit tedious, though many of the bosses do require some tactics with item/equipment loadout and battlefield buffs.Graphics are very smooth, with no lag whatsoever on max settings, though the modeling and textures are very ""console-y"": smooth, simple shapes and somewhat stiff limb/facial movement.  The music is surprisingly good, having a nice variety of different location and character themes.There are a lot of cutscenes for story advancement, and of course the translation is not always perfect. One playable character's special ability is called ""More Teature,"" which took me ages to figure out: More Treasure!  All NPCs in towns have unique dialogue, occasionally explaining some history or cultural trivia, or just making jokes - a lot of detail and humor is in this game if you are willing to look for it. One of my favorite sidequest moments: the team gets together to drink wine, resulting in one of them faceplanting after just one drink (I won't say who!).Though I got this on sale, the full price is a bargain for the length - I attempted to complete all sidequests & many of the achievements, talk to all the NPCs, and actually had to grind in some areas to beat the bosses, which ended up as 75 hours of gameplay.  Looking at other players' comments, the main story is probably 40-50, which is still more than decent.I really enjoyed this title, and genuinely hope to see more games from this series in the future!"
,Recommended,427030,21514413,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,MadDoggyca,"軒轅劍外傳穹之扉(The Gate of Firmament)is amzingling good, From the  controls ,  to preformence.you get a lot for the asking price. This title is kicking a lot of other action/turn based rpgs to shame.The combat is in a action style like Phantasy Star Online & Parisite Eve, There no turn wait ectThe game is smooth. Like up to 240 FPS smooth ona gtx 960,Graphic option are decent and maxing the game out on media range cards is no issues hereThe Store line so far see to be intreging, and the voice acting is better then some I seen recently. The title stays true to the origin. All voiced dialog is in chinies with english subsso Far no techinical issues on my rig and with a smooth game play, decent so far story, and the action style combat its hard to give this a thumbs down9/10 Almost perfecthttps://youtu.be/Vdk45JsoB5k"
,Recommended,427030,24060745,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Trustworthy F'lah,"If you're a fan of JRPGs, get this.  If you like wuxia, get this.  If you like both, get this and get one for a friend.This is a Chinese Not-Quite-Action-RPG, and, as with most subtitles in Chinese media, the English translations become overly prosaic.  That's the only issue I really took with this game, and I can't speak for the other subtitles(of which there ar several), and I'm not familiar enough with those languages to say.  The Gate of Firmament is a side-story in the long-running Chinese RPG series ""Xuanyuan Sword.""  It follows the adventure of four people, each dealing with the pressure of heavy responsibilities on their shoulders.Sikong Yu, the main character, is a tinkerer, always experimenting with traps to use to protect his village, and is much derided by the rest of the village as lazy, for focusing on silly 'toys.' His only real friend is his adopted sister, Qingmei, who admires his intelligence and his desire to keep people safe.Muyue, the female lead, is a woman just trying to find her way home to the kingdom of Huaxu, a place she has been tasked with defending from outside ambitions.  The people of Huaxu are, for the most part, emotionally distant, and she is no exception, relying on cold logic and intuition.Ziqao is a young woman with a large appetite and the strength of three men.  Her family has arranged for her to be wed to Prince Zizhao, next in line for the throne of the Shang.  A foil to Muyue, she's quick to speak up, and wears her heart on her sleeve.  Also she weilds a greataxe, and don't you dare ask her to cut down wood.Fengyu is a traveller, a swordsman with the heart of a phoenix who tags along out of convenience.  He's tight-lipped when conversation turns to what drives him, and is otherwise a smoothtalker who loves to drink.Their paths connect as you progress through the story.  As the journey unfolds, they learn from each other and grow.  This game is as much a game as it is a movie(not in the sense of tons of cinematics, but in storyline).Gameplay-wise, the maps are very corridory, and fairly linear, as with most games of this style.  There are dead ends and hidden treasures that will help you along the way.  As you level up, you gain skill points to use on different skills in battle.  There are passive and active skills, active skills of which you can only have 4 useable in combat at a time.Combat primarilly uses very few keys(from my understanding it was dialed down in the steam version form what it used to be), `12345QWER are the main ones you'll be using.  I recommend a steam controller + mouse setup with two action bindings - one for combat, one for the field, while you use the mouse for the menu.  As of writing this, there's one community steam controller layout already available, and while it's mostly sound, it's a little clunky, as it doesn't use action bindings at all.  As I play through NG+, I'll refine the settings I have and put it up as a community layout.Mechanically speaking, combat is very simple, and while a combo system is hinted at, I believe this is something that was dialed down for the steam version, unfortunately.  QWER are set for your heavy attack, light attack, HP healing item, and mana healing item.  When you press Tab, it changes to the four skills you've set.  1-4 are to switch between characters, and when you press ~, switch to a 'Guardian Formation,' which I'll get to in a moment.  5 is more useful later on, and ties into guardian formations.  Throughout the game you can forego killing an enemy for items and experience, and instead attempt to capture it.  5 allows you to summon a captured enemy to assist you in combat.There are four types of Guardian Formation: Grass, Earth, Water, and Fire.  Each grants a bonus to either Magic Defense, Magick Attack, Attack, or Defense, as well as bonuses for a given element.  Captured enemies can be equipped to a guardian formation, and give an added bonus depending on the enemy.  As a note, there are map bosses throughout the game that cannot be captured, but upon defeating them, you'll be rewarded with the boss as a usable captured enemy.There are, occasionally, enemy encounters that will request something, there's even one that just wants to talk.  They'll typically give you a reward for choosing the right option.Map Bosses exist in most areas, and are noted on your minimap as a red dot.  These guys are fierce, and level 50+.  You'll get wrecked if you're not prepared, and it's totally fine to beat them late-game instead of going to them as you see them.    They drop rare items, and sometimes recipes for item crafting, which can be useful.Storyline bosses can sometimes surprise you with their difficulty.  In fact the first major boss I faced took me out just when I got it to half health.  I was only able to defeat it after grinding a  few more levels and making use of something that really wasn't balanced well - you can create a ""revival pill"" using one basic mana powder and one basic health powder.  Revival pills sell for 500 coins, basic powders cost 100 coins.  So yeah, get rich quick, make thousands of revival pills, and your survivability increases quite a bit, as AI controlled allies will spam them whenever people go down.In the field, each character has a special ability:-Muyue can go invisible, making it easier to avoid combat when you want to see what happens next in the story.-Sikong Yu and strike enemies with his staff, entering combat and stunning them temporarily.-Ziqiao can strike enemies with her axe, entering combat and causing them to drop extra treasure on victory.-Fengyu cab strike enemies with his sword, entering combat and dealing damage to each enemy before the battle even begins.I found myself using Muyue's ability quite a bit, as this game shines most when it's telling its story.Graphically, this game looks great.  It's not AAA quality, it's not photorealistic, and it runs on unity, so there are some visual oddities, but it still manages to be pretty.  Each area evokes its own feeling, whether you're admiring the fires in Yihe town, wandering under the pink and misty plum blossom forest, or climbing the twisting, mystical vines of the unnamed realm, there's a sense of wonder and magic wherever you go.The soundtrack for this game adds to that sense of wonder as well.  The game itself has an OP, and it really sets the mood for sitting down and playing this game.  Each area has its own music, and it's heavilly influenced by classical Chinese music and the scores of Wuxia films.I'm going to stop rambling here, but overall, I'd give this game a 6/7 - great game, great plot, needs some balancing, more editing for the english subtites, and I want to see the old combat system."
,Not Recommended,427030,30258959,Posted: 1 March,all,maskedlord76,'ALWAYS ONLINE DRM!!'Should say this on the main page. This is completely unacceptable in a rpg that takes 60-70 hours. Cant save/load the game offline. Good luck trying to play it offline.All the good points of this underrated game completely tarnished by the bullcrap DRM. Hence the negative review.I found out the hard way after 9 hours into the game and net crapped out and i tried to play. Cant even refund now. Should have just pirated this.
,Recommended,427030,22172948,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,hoyochan,"i like the game so far - however, a few annoyances1. the AI doesnt is pretty incompetent on choosing the actions to perform. Healer reacts slow, dps does not use the powerful aoe finish moves, spams useless abilities to drain the mana and keep drinking potions. I had to drop all abilities that use mana and then select the talents properly before boss fight.2. the side quests are not clear. I missed the timing on one because i did not know that there are side quests that would be unlocked between events.3. I am not a fan of the tower of savior thing in the game. They feel very out of place.over all, i like it - the story line and sound track are good."
76561198098906752,Recommended,427030,21475017,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MummifiedBaboon,Yes Please! Want more of these type of  games on steam!
76561198079416832,Recommended,427030,24362753,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Evilzlegend,"軒轅劍外傳穹之扉(The Gate of Firmament), I couldn't wait to write a review about this game midway through. It was quite the engaging tale of four individuals paired up to put a stop to evil, as in any story told. The reason why I was sucked into this story was the fact it offered multiple twists that kept you on your toes. You start off as a young man named Sikong Yu, torn between protecting your village and tearing apart the lives you protected with your contraptions. That is how this journey starts and I rather not ruin it any more with spoilers.However, I must say, I haven't played a story rich game where there seems to be more situations amongst your party members than the actual bad guys. Trust is a huge learning factor for the four members of the team.Pros:- The story is long and very engaging. I finished the main story in 50+ hours with little side-quests taken.- The four characters represent one of four elements. (Big in chinese culture) So choosing who's magic to use is easily understandable.- Each character has multiple party buffs and utilities to provide in battle, i.e...(Sikong Yu is Wind imbued and specializes in obvious air magic and healing over time. Think of Druid from WoW. Ziqiao is Earth imbued and specializes in Earth damage and damage mitigation. Muyue is Water imbued and specializes in Ice damage and your main healer. Last, Fengyu is imbued with Fire and specializes in Fire damage and life siphoning supporter. These are the characters in a nutshell... not to ramble on)- You can capture monsters to help level certain pieces of gear and also place in your battle formation to supply more stats (Not like Poke'mon)- Gear is very easy to obtain. You either buy the 'stock' version or craft the higher quality pieces.- The game is easy to pickup and learn. Skill development is not difficult to understand either.- Aqi is amazing and cute. A winged boar that actually advances the story at points.- The scenery is beautiful if you are into chinese culture. I am and this game did its magic!- You can control whoever you want in combat and on the map. All four bring a unique map ability too. Use them for the achievements!- The music is brilliant and very fitting for the places and atmosphere.These cons, keep in mind are from my own experience. Do not take them to heart or prevent you from playing the game.Cons:- GRAMMAR AND SPELLING - this alone was the most annoying con about the game.(Mine isn't perfect, but in this game it needs major improvements.) It was as if the translator/editor rushed through certain parts or pressed three keys at once when placing the subtitles in the game. I was able to make out what the characters were saying, it was just more work and annoyance than it should have been at certain parts.- If you use a controller, don't expect the game to display the right buttons you need to press for anything. It keeps it as if you are using the keyboard/mouse. I wasn't bothered by it, but some hints would have been nice.- The monsters you capture and can use in battle are uninspiring and kind of pointless. Their damage is low, their cool down is high and all they do is ram into the enemy. Could have done without.- Some parts of the story felt like filler to extend the game. Certain character flaws were overused and again could have done without to progress the story.- Though the monster catching is cool to banish a stronger enemy from the battle, you do not get experience for their capture. So plan it out with experience grinding and item grinding.- There is a slot in the equipment screen for character clothing. I don't understand why as I didn't find a single piece to change their clothing appearance. Unless I completely missed it from possible side-quests/drops.- The intro movie will be confusing until you actually progress further... much further into the game.- AI controlled characters burn through their mana like alcoholics. So bring lots of mana potions!A lot of cons, but do not take it to heart. 軒轅劍外傳穹之扉(The Gate of Firmament) was a great game and interesting story nonetheless. I couldn't put it down until I finished it, and an story driven RPG hasn't done that since Final Fantasy 9. I loved the characters and what they brought to the table. I did start a New Game+, however, for now I will wait to play through it again, as I have other games in my library to play. I recommend anyone who loves stories and enjoys the chinese culture. You will not be disappointed as long as you can disregard the grammar/mispelling errors!"
76561198038890226,Recommended,427030,21450299,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Andysav,Great lookingGreat storyGreat for the price
,Recommended,427030,32912001,Posted: 27 June,all,NekOrz,"Beware, there are tons of cutscenes.I'm not saying that cutscenes are bad, but the way that cutscenes are done in this game are pretty bad.The cutscenes are arranged with pre-made move, and they are really stiff. They are just boring to watch.In 50% of the game players are forced to sit and watch the cutscene.Gameplay has some degree of depth with the capturing and crafting system.Worth playing? I'll say yes, but it is not the best of the series.=================中文分隔線=======================超多插入劇情，即時演算，罐頭動作呈現，演出實在不怎麼樣。跟以往的軒轅劍系統相似，所以應該還是值得一玩，只是劇情呈現實在太糟糕了。"
,Recommended,427030,21469399,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,𝓓𝓻𝓮𝔀𝓩,"There are so many reasons for not recommend this game, and only one reason to recommend: this is the FIRST real Chinese style game on steam"
76561198061616089,Recommended,427030,33663090,Posted: 19 July,all,j9178314,"This is a great game for me. I have never played the series before but you don't need any background to get the story. They did a good job incorporating a lot of small details such that you slowly understand each main character's background and really get involved in their struggles and dillemas. I think it is quite impressive for a $16.00 game to be this nicely done.You will most likely like this game if:1)You like the Chinese culture-it has a lot of reference to history such as the attire, attitude, and gestures2)You like to slowly play through a game-you need to spend time talk to each little characters to get the full plot3)You like to play a game that tells story like a book-this game has alot of cut scenes(even for some little events)4)You you don't mind simple game gamplay- the fighting is IMO not the main part of the game, the actual story is(see #3), nevertheless it is still exciting especially when you need to make sure the AI teammate don't kill the whole team/used up all potions lolYou probably won't enjoy it if:1)You like versatile game with many different way to fight and upgrade2)You don't like slow, long cut scenes with many minutia3)You don't like going around discovering little tiny bits of details and instead like RPG with a lot of actions and beatingsOverall, remember:1)This is not a $50.00 game with huge developing team.2)The sound track and the plot is the main selling point for this series."
,Recommended,427030,35107124,Posted: 21 September,all,MiniTaurus,"Note: player needs to be online to save and load game O_ONice and enjoyable game with some problem, like party AI is just hopeless... they just spam support skills and strange story sometimes (maybe lost in translation). I wish it have place for grinding in end game though, as new game+ not carrying level.Story and music is good, visual is very nice especially on earlier chapter (it gets darker later on) ^^Other features like player is free to reset skill, catch monster, and crafting."
,Recommended,427030,21485847,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Heavy Stormy,"I love this game because the combat system seems to be brief, and the shift between material arts and magical arts is quite easy. The feeling of battle is a little weak, though. If the game performed under the hard level, you would found more challengable during the battle.The comments of beautiful scenery are everywhere. That's true. The scenery is pretty good. With improvement of game engine U3D and technical skills of SOFTSTAR staff, the scene looks amazing and object models are more realistic. Believe me, this game can implement every scene with different style that you may not imagine. You can even do nothing except for staying and looking around by pressing Q and E. Most importantly, you may spend  just 12 dollars or nearly 10 pounds on all the beautiful scenery with Chinese style.I love Qingmei and Muyue both. Qingmei is a quite tender girl with beautiful voice. She is adorable and sticks to her faith from Sikong Yu, however, even stubborn. Compared with Qingmei, Muyue seems to be elegant and speechless. She is belonging to the Kingdom of HUAXU, which is a sort of human race made by diamond or jade in China. It's an acient fairy tale. Muyue has no emotion at first and no friendship in the world. I anticpate her relationship with her friends.You know, some behaviors in the GoF (Gate of Firmament) are a bit strange in different culture, even with excellent translation, such as civil law in acient China, which serves for the emperor of Shang dynasty. If you have a question or want to implement a friendly discussion, the Chinese guy can provide any help to explain the civil system in acient China. Good luck. To ken what you want to ken.Equality is a  hot topic of GoF. I would explain to you why Fengyu has 60 wives. In the contemporary world, we're all Joke Tamson's baird. We are equal no matter race, ethnic or gender. In acient China, things are not things as it looks like. You may believe male has his power as well as more rights while female has no power and little right. That's right. However, NOT IN KINGDOM OF HUAXU. human race in HUAXU is totally different. Woman has power and they can have right to hold their family name. is that interesting? Muyue is from that place. BTW, Mu is not Muyue's family name. Her family name is FENG, the meaning of which is wind.In the group of main characters, Fengyu and Ziqiao are real people in Shang dynasty. You can get through very deeply about Chinese acient history as game peforms to find out who they are.Overall, this game has great implementation with lower price. And I believe it will bring me a lot of joy!"
,Recommended,427030,21524588,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Cohlint,"Bought 2 collector's edition before, bought Steam version to show support, because it is rare to see Chinese game to be here (this is not the first, but still memorable). Heard Steam version has change quite a lot of things, but I'm not sure when will I play it again in Steam.TBH, this is not the title in Xuan-Yuan Sword series I love most. And IMO, this is also not the strongest title in the series. BUT, it is still a decent game, and consider the Steam version's price, I think I can say it is worth every penny.Currently there are 12 titles in Xuan-Yuan Sword series, all single player story mode Chinese RPG, except upcoming 13th (mark as 7) is an online game, like FF11 and FF14 in FF series. Each story is not so related, just under the same worldview, which is a combination of some modified world history, several mythology literatures and its own fantasy elements.Some titles mark with numbers, as a way to show it uses new technology or game mode, different than previous title. Some titles do not have numbers but has sub-title, are prequel or sequal to corresponding different titles with numbers, and have improved system with same technology.Like this one, is the prequel of Xuan-Yuan Sword 6, both using Unity, and this one is improve so much in every way. But as I said before, the story is not so related, each can be played standalone. Maybe some characters will be cross-over, maybe some previous story will be mentioned, just consider that as easter eggs.Chinese RPG, CRPG, is much like JRPG. As for this game, the story is mostly lineal, some might say event cutscenes are too long, but for me, long story is why I love CRPG/JRPG; the combat system is kinda like ATB; forging equipment; collecting and merging monsters to create powerful guardian; talks to NPC before and after events, etc.I'm more concern about the translation. There are many Chinese words are hard to translate into English, and the game didn't provide appendix, player has to memorize transliteration words, hard to know what they actually meant. But after reading several reviews here, maybe I'm overthinking.Finally, thank you for your patient if you read through this bad English grammer review. But still I shamelessly wrote in English, for my first review in Steam, just to hope I can help it spread worldwide.P.S. My profile picture is actually come from one of the title in Xuan-Yuan Sword series, which I love the most."
,Recommended,427030,21468280,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,gamehits,"a little buggy, but good. a little too much dialog, but i do like the hybrid turn based battle system. works well with a controller. hey, be in your own chinese martial arts movie!"
,Not Recommended,427030,22376996,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CTRL+FU,"Sweet baby Jeebus, and I thought the Metal Gear Solid series had long cutscenes!This game is like a movie broken up by the occasional 5-10 mins of gameplay. At this point I have roughly 3.5 hours played and I'll wager I've only actually ""played"" maybe 45mins to an hour tops. The rest has just been watching long, awkwardly directed and horribly translated cutscenes.I really, really want to play this game. I can forgive the dated graphics. I don't care that there's no English dub. I don't mind the simplistic combat... (I do hate the fact that you have to manually rotate the camera to stay behind you.)The one thing I can't abide though, is a poor translation. If you're going to release your game in an English speaking region (or Russian speaking, or French speaking... whatever), make sure it's TRANSLATED PROPERLY INTO THAT LANGUAGE! If you're going to make me sit through hours of cutscenes, at least MAKE THE SUBTITLES SUCH THAT THEY MAKE SENSE! From a lot of the reviews I've read, this game has a great, deep story. How do they expect me to grasp it if their translation is crap?"
76561198017486796,Recommended,427030,22289191,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,BIG DEWDEW,very very good
,Recommended,427030,24245035,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Sol_blade3,"I have been looking for a RPG game to play for a while now since I've been off of it for quite some time. This looked very interesting since I don't often see any CRPG out there so I decided to purchase and give it a shot. There are definitely some flaws in the game in my opinion but overall I definitely believe it was a worthy buy!Pros:+ Surprisingly good storyline+ Simple combat mechanics+ Nice art details and very pleasant to just look at the scenery in many of the areas+ Good character development for all of the main characters, doesn’t feel like any of them are really out of place+ Soundtrack is very well done and nice to listen to (actually ended up purchasing the soundtrack through the DLC!)+ Frequent autosave system = never have to worry about dying and starting all over or it glitching on youCons:- Can have glitches throughout the game at times; got stuck in walls and actually fell off the map at one point in the game. Luckily it is countered by the auto save system which helps tremendously as it saves before every encounter you face- Some quests can be locked out once you progress too far into the story. I found this a bit annoying since I was looking to ace it but I do not wish to waste more time starting over again- Trophies; some of the trophies I have to question at the amount of time being spent to get it. From spending 100 hours into the game to reaching level 99 (I finished this game at level 52) to using 1000 healing items in battle, I find these to be quite excessive and not worth the effort of going through to get it- Combat gets linear after a certain point as you only have a very limited amount of combos you can do- Some of the backtracking points can be tiring when you are trying to progress to the story only to go all the way back to the exit- Some of the translations are off and make no sense, though this is expected since it is a game that is still being patched with translations- Usage of mana pots; this is the first RPG game that I actually found myself having to go back to purchase 100+ mana pots because I kept on running out. While this isn’t a huge deal, I was just a bit surprised at how many times I ran out and had to go back to get more (at a certain point I just spent all my money and stocked up on 500+ mana pots)- CGI moments can be a bit laggy at times and I am fairly certain it is because of the game as I have seen gameplay with the same issuesNow I definitely have more cons than pros but this is mainly for the developers to look at in case they are looking for feedback. Of course this is my opinion and you may or may not agree, hence why its a personal review. Despite the flaws in the game, overall it was definitely a fun experience to go through and the story was quite interesting. It was probably the only reason I managed to put 50+ hours into it and beat it in 2 weeks while working! If you are looking for a RPG game that's somewhat unique in my opinion (looking in the view of JRPG such as FF series, tale series, etc.), it is a game worth picking up."
,Recommended,427030,21671825,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Big Smile,"Top-graphics although player character's shadow does not show in a lot of areas and cutscenes. Cutscenes are beautifully polished with excellent voice-acting if not for the shadow problem. Background music feels like a world-class collection set for the immersive touch.Story & Lore: (under review)Combat is fast, not to easy and fun with easy handling. Although I wish the developer tuned the battles to be longer with less grind-y frequency. It would be better to fight each enemy types only once instead of a few times. The top voice acting could be a great addition in the battle as the fight becomes more meaningful.The fun combat inspired me to imagine a better combat system with body parts targeting instead of simply using skills on an enemy. The rich martial arts lore of the far east could be very grand archives to architect each fights with, and to give a stronger impression for the characters.Overall: I think this game could be a Game of the Year contender if properly patched and maybe with some more animation frames and programming polishing. This is because it has the contents and potential to be one, Otherwise, at it's current state it would be a 7/10 (minus the story)."
76561198069775636,Recommended,427030,21470156,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,HiKari♥,The translation is not well but the stories are fascinatingbtw QingMei saikou
76561198211910512,Recommended,427030,22206365,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,snow119c,"This is not the best SWD games ever, but this is the newest one.We need looking forward and help the company create more good games, not blaming with nonsenseSo I vote YES!"
,Recommended,427030,22490188,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,YuriBonly,"it's really nice game, i love this game, hope more Chinese game will put on steam."
,Recommended,427030,22071189,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CamillaBL,去年出的时候，就买的豪华版，玩过觉得确实精彩，是轩辕剑几年来最动情最走心的一部，现在特地来支持steam版，希望国产游戏越来越好！
76561198062527751,Recommended,427030,34257852,Posted: 15 August,all,jazzyroam,"Story is ok, gameplay too mmo feel. Smash the Q key most of the time..."
76561198030161289,Recommended,427030,21637948,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,chaosstare,"Finally a translated chinese RPG game, I actually own several old episodes at home from the same series (Xuanyuan Sword 5 and another) and if they planning to translate them later, I'm willing to buy them :)"
,Recommended,427030,21648316,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lady Generic,"So far this game has been super fun. I like the turn based action combat, and it's very story heavy, which is a plus for me. The English translation is a little off sometimes, but not often, and not so much that you can't understand it. Mostly it's a matter of grammar, not wording. All in all I'm enjoying this title a lot."
76561198006276949,Recommended,427030,22306704,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Devil,"Highly recommend this game. For it's asking price it is extremely value for money. The graphics in this game is just average. I do not expect much in the graphics department for Chinese games. However the soundtrack in the game is amazing. The only complain I have is the inconsistency in the character models and their acting. It is obvious they spend a lot of time on the main lead characters but very little effort on every other things. Not only the models are obvious. Even during their voice acting, the animation is obvious too. But nonetheless I still appreciate the game is fully voice acted. Yes I do understand Chinese. But even for those of you out there who do not understand, you are good to go with the English translation too. Not the best translation but it does get the job done. Maybe it help you learn some Chinese too...While the game is pretty linear, It does have some exploration like running around new areas looking for chest. Combat system is pretty generic. A hybrid between action and turn based. Nothing to brag about here. There are also crafting system in the game which honestly I have not explore much so I cannot give much comment about them. Skill system is pretty simple and straight forward too. The most important thing that make this game stand out is th story. The story telling in the game is amazing. This is something that is hard to find these days in many other RPGs out there. It may start slow, but really does get interesting as you play deeper. It gets funny at times, emotional too. If you love great story in games, really recommend to get this game.Also do support hte OST. It is rather cheap for it's asking price. As said in the review, the soundtrack in this game is really amazing. Espedially after you have played the game."
,Recommended,427030,22339713,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mCherry,Great game...I used to play lotsa similar RPG in 2000. Eversince then I had stopped playing and this game did reignite my interest in such games. Lotsa of improvements made as compared to last time. Storyline is excellent! Game play is not hard..quite well balanced. Worth the the $$! Highly recommended.
,Recommended,427030,24493773,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,clea leshlick,"My first chinese RPG. Story and mood is as expected, much melancholy and all those fantasy wuxia settings. Graphics are pretty and unique. Game runs smoothly with max settings. Musics themselves are great, variety, number of songs, quality of composition, etc but execution is lacking.For example, during events, music often change abruptly, no transition, no fades. Another example is, field/city music is sometime louder than battle music, which works against the desired effect.Battle and field navigation is fun! My complaint is that there are no AI settings at all.. your teammates use up mana pots like ♥♥♥♥ers. Thanks to this, I had to grind 4++levels to clear a boss cuz access to world map and shop are blocked..Other bad stuff would be: weird running animation, stuttering movie playback, and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥translation. I understand some of the spoken words so I can see how the text is missing like 30% of each sentence. Some lines have no text and just skipped. I'm dissapointed to see this in a supposedly professional work.Still, I enjoy this game and I would love to see more CRPG on steam"
76561198063662139,Recommended,427030,24607361,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,noburocho,"A fair RPG with good characters and a great story. It is a fun game. Only cons we have here are some graphic glitches with sudden character movements, some subtitles not in sync and yet some untranslated portions (I had some monsters appearing without translation). Good graphics, good music a good battle system and several options for customizing monsters and weapons. It is worth the experience verus the price paid."
,Recommended,427030,24614819,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shrimp Sauce,"It's pretty solid. Translation and a few localization errors here and there but you can get the jist of it. (Why does this cat bark?) Far from anything ground breaking. The characters have personality, thusfar the story is pretty basic but presented decently well. The battles are easy. The battle system is kind of hard to explain, I guess it's kind of a Valkyrie Profile with an ATB system combined. Eitherway, good game for the price so far."
,Recommended,427030,22832751,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hitagi Senjougahara,"Great game! Love the plot, kinda obvious but even so... Muyue-sama :3 Sadly, translations badly needs to be improved, it affects the impact of the story/plot.Recommending this game since I want to support the devs and I want more games with similar elements especially plots like these.. :3"
76561198003894643,Recommended,427030,26621841,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DawnHunters,"The game has been absolutely great love the graphics and the move sets, and the storyline so far has been great hope there will be more games like this to follow."
,Recommended,427030,21747284,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,KCrest,my first impression playing this game wasthis is like a blend between final fantasy 10 and 13 stuck in the realms of Wushu10/10 worth every penny.
,Recommended,427030,28704001,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Wanderer,"Childhood dream come true. Period. Chinese RPG games from Softstar translated into English! If you enjoyed games like Chinese Paladin or Jing Yong Qun Xia Zhuan, this is totally in your box."
76561197979481613,Recommended,427030,21497248,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Branchus,"Not bad, it's a good start"
76561198028182051,Recommended,427030,21575519,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,pst.,pleasantly surprised
,Recommended,427030,21468166,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tommy,"-------------------------------------------------看到steam发售这么好玩的国产单机游戏，我都感动得要哭了。。。。233333333333333░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░░░▄ ░░░░░░░ ▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░▄ ░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄  情怀   ▄░░░░░░░░░░░░-------------------------------------------------再来说说优缺点。。。-------------------------------------------------优点：勉强算是优点，这是一款国内“优秀”单机吧，反正我想不出有什么出色单机了，之前买过仙5外传，侠客风云，风卷残云一类国产单机，对比一下勉强是吧。对比其它国外RPG，真心想不到有什么鲜明的优点。-------------------------------------------------缺点：1. 连上新版国行X1手柄后没法玩了，菜单闪烁循环,游戏人物镜头旋转，要断开手柄连接，重退游戏才能正常玩（貌似旧版X1手柄可以玩？！）2. 二流的CG，一流的好卡，卡得都不想看了3. 优化还是不如人意，过场的即时演算还是卡4. 过场动画的配音，台词对话要“斟酌”一下，给我感觉十分不好。5. 外国人买了会有点坑，解谜是没有字幕的这样草草发售出去，真是缺乏诚意，游戏程序的测试去哪了？？？-------------------------------------------------最后的话语：纯粹给官方一份猫粮，支持一下为数不多的国产单机。如果要将PSN版和steam版要推出给外国玩家，在这之前，我建议官方将这游戏下架，还是回炉再造吧。虽然已经正式发售了很多个月了，但在我眼中还是个游戏半成品，还有很多要改进的地方。游戏制作后期真心要反复测试，并且要尽可能地优化软件程序。-------------------------------------------------"
76561198065704821,Recommended,427030,21466396,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jacy Kururugi,"♥♥♥♥ japan, Im going to china."
,Recommended,427030,25638711,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"This game came across as a star ocean clone to me on a lower budget.I felt the game deserved a thumbs down at first but in all fairness it is a decent game in its own right,The battle system is similar to star ocean, you can run about freely in combat and use various skills.Story is lackluster ( i played the japanese beta for this game ) but not the worst ive seen. It has its ups and downsThe language is chinese which i think gives this game a bit of uniqueness.I recommend waiting for a sale to buy this title,"
76561198316806318,Recommended,427030,24314664,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,xjqxzgs,good
,Recommended,427030,21901402,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sherriesss,Good game：）
76561198197678485,Recommended,427030,21537533,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,xuanyuan9288,I appreciate this game and its developer.
76561197993421641,Recommended,427030,26252651,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FIGIOT,+ interesting party+ easy gameplay+ interesting story/world- combats gets boring/slow after a while8/10
,Recommended,427030,25158280,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,prettythief,"Very good game where the love story outshadows the common battle of good vs evil. Some engrish, but understandable enough and take what I can get for $15 new.Please bring Xuan Yuan Sword 3 in Engilsh next!"
76561198138699252,Recommended,427030,29727635,Posted: 5 February,all,Amosomni,The steam version seems to be quite different from the normal pc version.Overall it is a decent game. Would expect the next generation to be better (have been saying this for years... but...).
76561198280517989,Recommended,427030,24489822,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Cong,"The game has a very good story overall with beatiful scenaries.It has a better battle system than its previous series.A lot of secret missions can be discovered as the game proceeds.However, the auto-navigation on the mini-map is not working sometimes.So it would be painful if you are exploring a big map.Also, I am looking forward to better graphics and animations in the future.It is noted that sometimes the voice and the animation is not synchronized.And I feel that most of the NPCs look the same and sometimes they are just clones in the cut scene. We need some variety of art design on how people look and act in this game.It would be good if it can allow us to delete unwanted save files.Sometimes there may be too many if we misclick on the save slots.And they will be there forever as we cannot delete it on the steam cloud or locally."
,Recommended,427030,21938745,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tonkinese,an Interesting with a pretty used story but it gets the job done in this rpg
,Recommended,427030,24018307,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr.Jason,This game is best one that i have played!
76561198306824583,Recommended,427030,28848188,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sweet[Meng],好游戏，喜欢里面的剧情，画面挺好看的，虽然画质不高，支持国产游戏，打造自己的游戏文化！
76561198044507193,Not Recommended,427030,33843092,Posted: 27 July,all,chris_boy_,"very horrible transfer to the english market, No AI control compare with the chinese version: your dps npc will use your all your mana items so left your healer with no mana pot to use at the end. you can't have your capture monsters summon into combat except you can use them as a attack during combat, in the chinese verson, you can have 2 of your summons out during combat and fight alone side of you, that is a big part of this game about, capture level up and combineing your monsters. DO NOT BUY THE STEAM VERSON. just a side note: i asked steam for a refund of the game, but because i played over 2 hours, even that is only small part of the game has been played. because of the refund policy,"
,Recommended,427030,25259617,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,NadA,"one of the best game I've ever played.. just remind me about Perfect World...if you like CHINA RPG,u should buy this game... no need question at all.. I dont really care about the price at all, this game so f***** awesome..."
76561198247584554,Not Recommended,427030,26811665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mugetsu69,I would love to say yeah that is a perfect game for chinese light novel as I am... But no...Bought yesterday and since couldn't start playing. Black screen waiting... waiting.. waiting... and in the end the game never start.If fixed then very good. if not then I won't be nice about CS or support :-(
76561198054777832,Recommended,427030,22544746,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,97Club^Sum*41 <3 Egoist@4820,单纯用软件挂的时间。只是为了支持国产！！
,Recommended,427030,26419333,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,AvenMai,"Good game, I guess? The dialogs seem to be weird and there could be more improvements, but fighting seems to be fun."
,Recommended,427030,23602044,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ptk,完美配乐++++ beautiful game~
,Recommended,427030,27527186,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mewnew,Love this game.
,Not Recommended,427030,21618392,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,digiz156,"Instead of writing long review I'm going to post my thoughts on the game.The pros is the Chinese feel and atmosphere of the game, even though the graphics are not that good and feels like an Asian MMO I enjoyed it.After 3h of playing it I think its a mix bag of more no then yes. This is more movie then game, its like gameplayX10min = cutscene.The story itself is bit confusing, full of cliches, super predictable progression and even if you win the boss fight you are intended to lose you lose. Many times during the dialogue (specially before and after bandit boss) I facepalmed, laughed and raged at the same time and the ""combat"" is pretty much just button mashing.I can't really recommend this game to anyone, unless you are in serious need of Chinese mythology fix..and even then proceed with caution."
,Recommended,427030,27769228,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dalz☆ (╰_╯),good cn game
,Not Recommended,427030,22094845,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ShinRyuZ,Game keeps crashing same place everytime i load in ..I can't even email to the developers cause they're websites in Chinese -_-...wtf
,Not Recommended,427030,21525691,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Zephon W.,Con: Insufferable bad English translation.Pros: Good soundtrack.
76561198209728413,Not Recommended,427030,34017066,Posted: 4 August,all,QG,"Once i was running the game, it was no respont at all and closing automatically.Please fix it, my system is window 10 with 1050 4gb ram."
76561197962114152,Not Recommended,427030,25760309,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,haohao,"One of the worst in this serious. I played all the games in this franchise, and this one? Would be the last one. Poor story, the worst things, poor personally for all 4 main characters. Each one just like a zombie without soul. Dont buy it, it will ruin all you good memories of 軒轅劍."
76561198310166075,Not Recommended,427030,30479335,Posted: 12 March,all,Backlight,对话实在是太长了，有的对话都没什么意义。
76561198027068989,Not Recommended,427030,21489902,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Raithwall,"If you intend to play this game, you might wanna set a slow text speed (if that's even possible).Since the audio is in chinese and the subtitles in english, the pacing can be a tad annoying if yournot a fast reader. The sometimes screwed up grammar doesn't really help either.Aside from the screenshots/intro sequence which do look fairly good, the rest of what i've seenlooks fairly bland, like a standard korean f2p mmo with some thrown in cutscenes.Lastly, while the xbox controller works just fine, all the prompts ingame are shown for keyboard ...i gave up trying to figuring out which buttons did what, simply mashing buttons is plenty to win the fightseven on hard."
76561197983404731,Not Recommended,427030,34407236,Posted: 21 August,all,supersunday888888,i dont like this game. no good
,Not Recommended,427030,21653704,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ed's Chowder Heads,the sheer length of every cutscene gave me cancer
