user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,427190,25489542,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PR1NCE DARKNESS,"The perfect example of what you call ""A GAME""... On Steam...* No Single-player Micro-transactions...* No Co-op Or Multiplayer Micro-transactions...* No Season Pass Or Downloadable Content...* No Special Edition To Charge Another £15...* No Quick Bad Port Money Grab To Your Dedicated Fans...I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. 10/10"
,Recommended,427190,25487793,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,jubei,"In 2006, console players first got to experience Dead Rising, a game which helped pave the way for a more condensed open-world experience brimming with content regardless of map size. Nearly every object in the game could be interacted with, though the interactions often ended up being somewhere along the lines of ""place object in deadly manner alongside nearest zombie.""Since then, the ice caps melted, Rome was built, modern society emerged, twerking sadly became a thing, and the apocalypse has come a total of at least 7 times. It's now 2016, and PC players are finally able to experience (or re-experience) this gem of a zombie title."
,Recommended,427190,25488525,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Evanlift,"Bad AI, Clunky Mechanics, Time based events. Still one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,427190,25505301,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Rocky.,There is no reason to own a 360 anymore.
,Recommended,427190,32932561,Posted: 28 June,all,Matlas,"Okay. I just beat this game in 1 sitting. It took me about ten hours, I restarted a few parts to ensure the safety of my playthrough. However, I have been playing the Xbox360 since it came out. I bought this version because I am primarily a PC gamer now. This game has aged like fine wine and is still as amazing as when it came out.Pros-Solid sound design.-Pretty good PC controls.-Replayable, expecially with Infinity Mode on the horizon-Lots, of endings. Even if you lose you can see an ending-You can ""win"" even if you fail at everything-Frank West is a great character in THIS GAME. I'm looking at YOU DR4.-Game is short enough that, if you cripple a playthrough you can restart the game and really only lose a few hours of progress.-Most bosses/psychos have great theme songs.Neutrals-10 year old PC port-Save system helps theming, SAVE OFTEN. SAVE ONLY WHEN YOU ARE SURE YOU HAVE ENOUGH TIME FOR MAIN QUEST.-The game is very unforgivingCons-Some questionable game design-The walkie takes up so much time for a game with a time limit-Some Survivors are absolute cowards that will frustrate you-As stated above, it is possible to cripple a playthrough due to bad timingScore:9/10, the game really taught me that you have to do things right the first time, or you better be a quick learner."
,Recommended,427190,25487787,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Worcanna/Proxy,It's the original Dead Rising. It runs like butter. It has all the DLC suits that do nothing. It's still time-based action and fun as all hell. What more do you want? It's FANTASTIC!
76561197970916475,Recommended,427190,32066378,Posted: 30 May,all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,"Been waiting for this game to come to PC for years, played the hell out of it when it first came out on Xbox and man it was a blast. Out of all the Dead Risings, I think this one and 2 were by far my favorites.The game still plays like the original but they up'd the graphics and man, does it still looks pretty good for a game that released more than 10 years ago."
,Recommended,427190,25578950,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,OXY,"Hands down one of the GREATEST Zombie Survival games ever made. Period.Myself like many others got this game back when it was released on the Xbox 360 in 2006. I was TEN years old at the time and I remember the day I got it being amazed at how no other game was like this. Keep in mind there was no zombie games like Left 4 Dead (2007) or Killing Floor (2009) around at the time or any of these other Zombie Games that could potentially compete with it, they all came out afterwards. You ever had that conversation late at night with a friend where it's along the lines of ""I wish there was a zombie game where you could run around and survive in an open world and get clothes and guns and do whatever you want""? That was what I was like during the time and then I found this masterpiece. What's funny is that when I first got this game, I never finished it. I always hid in the saferoom or on the rooftop and waited for the helicopter. Browsing on the early days of youtube, early in the morning, watching youtubers play the game. A year later after building up the courage to play it my Xbox broke down, I never got it repaired and that was the last time I played Dead Rising 1. I switched back over to PC Gaming and years on I would search for a Emulator of a sort so I could play it on my PC, never found one. ;(Then on September 13th 2016, as I was browsing the Store Page I saw this masterpiece featured. Such a good feeling.Anyway, story time out of the way. I'll list the pro's and cons below!Pros- Great Story- Great Characters- Lots of Replayability, so many different endings, one that leads to further progession of the game ;)- Manages to capture that comedic effect at certain times which is a great touch to a Zombie game.- Interesting Psychopaths, all of them are different and require different strategies to beat.- Best map out of the franchise, I do wish it was a bit bigger but still it is great.- Interesting Protagonist- Great Port, surprising since many Developers can't do that right. Feels very smooth and crisp.- Infinity Mode.- Wide range of weaponry and clothing.- Interesting and fun missions.Cons- Terrible AI, nothing more frustrating than escorting 4+ survivors back to the saferoom only to have them run into walls, bump into each other, stop, fall behind and die.- Game mechanics are quite clunky at times.- Rare occasions of crashing (Has happened to me twice, hopefully will be fixed soon)- No CO-OP, I wish for the 10 Year Anniversary they added it. I mean they have CO-OP for DR2/DR3.- Hit Detection on Zombies can be annoying at times.- Otis calling you every single time you're in the middle of doing something important, he doesn't stop calling until you answer either and if you hang up, he'll call back. This disables jump, attack and makes it hard to defend yourselfI rate this game a 9/10, It is truly a masterpiece and EVERY gamer should at least play this. Don't worry about playing the sequels, they are good but will never touch the original. BUY IT.Currently on my second playthrough right now, got my megaman buster and I'm max level. Gonna be hitting up that Infinity mode soon :)"
,Recommended,427190,29240880,Posted: 13 January,all,World,It's not Dead Rising 4.
,Recommended,427190,25503965,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Raddoz,"As a true fan of this series, I've got to say that this first installment to the series is the best one in it. I had originally played this masterpiece on Xbox 360 and hoping that it would get ported to PC and here it is.The port is extremely well executed, it offers surprisingly smooth keyboard and mouse experience and of course controller support along with customizable keyboard binds and graphics options. The game ran solid 60 FPS throughout my whole playthrough without crashing.The good old stuff that this port brings along with it are some of the clunky mechanics, occasional bad AI, constant race against time, character progression, amazing soundtrack, FANTASTIC bosses(psychopaths) and interesting story with multiple endings. After completing the main playthrough you can work on your 2nd playthrough to level up Frank to the max level or to hop on to infinity mode, which is tons of fun and adding a lot of play value.If you have ever played this game on the Xbox 360 and you enjoyed it, this is a fantastic nostalgia ride for only 19,99 €, totally worth it!"
,Recommended,427190,25520055,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Halloween,"Great game, now all we really need is Fable 2 and Red Dead on PC."
76561198067353559,Recommended,427190,29125246,Posted: 8 January,all,Jick Weehat,It's a lot ♥♥♥♥ing better than Dead Rising 3 & 4
76561198126975019,Recommended,427190,25488516,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"This is a classic game, it's the first Dead Rising and one of the first games i got to play for a very long time, a very long time ago.It's the weirdest and most bizarre game of the three, which in my opinion makes it more honest, as well as more unique, there are the classic psychopaths roaming around the Pasadises Mall that you Frank West a photojournalist are trying to explore, uncovering what exactly it's going on in the small town of Willamette, based on your actions, how many cases you explore, how many people do you help, how many things do you uncover, the game will always have a different outcome, as well as different rewards depending on what you actually end up doing, some of the endings are devastating while some of the other ones are fullfilling and amazing, it all depends on your actions, you of course can now find a lot of guides on the internet to get the ""best"" ending, even then i would recommend you for the first time going in to go alone and blind, discover what the game has to offer, welcome the mistakes that you surely will make considering how difficult the game is in some cases, and pretty much just enjoy yourself.In terms of the port, it seems very basic, frankly the options menu only withholds an entire screen and that's pretty much it, you don't have two pages of options it's what i'm getting at, that being said, it runs, and looks, pretty darn great for a ten year old game, but really if you're gonna play this game it's not going to be for the graphics, it will be for the narrative, and it's gameplay, the game it's different than all the other Dead Rising games focusing a lot more in delivering a more ""authentic"" experience while at the same time keeping the ""fun aspect"" of the game intact. This is done by making the silliness and humor feel incidental, by letting YOU be the one that ends up causing the things that are fun and enjoyable to happen, in this game everything it's a weapon, from pretty standar stuff like chainsaws, axes, and baseball bats, to more rare stuff, like frying pans that you can put on top of stoves to then melt zombies faces with it, or maybe even throwing at them some oil so you can see how they fall down and take pictures of them.Dead Rising is in my opinion one of the few games that while not being ""genre defining"" it's certainly a game that holds a place in a lot of people's hearts, if you're getting this game it's probably going to be because of the nostalgia that brings to you, or simply because you wanted it to play it again, in my opinion the asking price it's excellent and in that sense capcom has really outdone themselves, remember what happened with something like the ol dlc on disc, and all the other controversies.I like the fact that i can actually finally feel like i own this game, even if i still have my old copy from way back in the day.P.s. The font seems to have been fixed as well, it took ten years, but it's finally here."
,Recommended,427190,28158419,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,croutons5,"My first two entries into the Dead Rising series were Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, though I've never actually finished any of them. I've never played the original Dead Rising on the Xbox 360 so this Dead Rising remaster on the PC will be my first time playing it.Good:👍Silliness:Think Saints Row, both game series are silly in their own ways. With Dead Rising, you have the main character, Frank West who's just a normal person trying to report an apocalypse, you have a number of fun weapons and clothes to try out, you have the camera system which helps you in levelling up slightly. Of course, like Saints Row, the game can be serious at times.👍Replay Value:With the levelling system present, the game allows you to start a new game using your progress from your previous save, making the game much easier for you, especially to complete the side-missions and defeat psychopaths you didn't manage to do in your first playthrough. You can play ""freeroam"" to level up Frank and start a new game with that progress when you feel ready to do the missions. You can also unlock the sandbox mode '∞ Mode'.👍Day/Night Cycle:The day/night cycle makes the world feel real rather than constantly having the game at night just because it's a zombie game. It also gives challenge to the player, to either stay inside the shelter and wait out night time or to risk going out at night having to deal with stronger zombies but with a potentially more rewarding experience.👍Weapon Variety:There is a wide variety of weapons to choose from in the game. I lost count after picking up twenty-five different ones. My favourite weapons would probably be the Sickle and Excavator, no regrets going into that hardware store out of curiosity.👍Character Customisation:The game allows you to change Frank's clothing, though in order to do so you'd need to explore the mall and try out the outfits that are available to be worn, in some of the stores.Bad:👎Combat:It's not terrible, just that I felt it wasn't very smooth and fluid. Trying to aim with a weapon can be difficult especially since you're not able to move when you're aiming the gun or to throw a weapon. Fighting against psychopaths, especially when you're still starting the game can be very frustrating. Maybe it's not the bad combat, maybe I'm just bad at the game, who knows.👎Survivor AI:Terrible, you encounter survivors who say they want to live but as you try to escort them and look back, they're often standing still or running slowly as if they want to be eaten alive. You can give them a weapon for their self-defense but it's not like they'll be able to use it effectively. It's infuriating but pretty satisfying when you're actually able to escort at least two or more at once to the shelter though. Kindell was the best survivor I've encountered in the game though.👎Waypoint System:Imagine a triangle, you're at point A, you want to reach to point C without looking at the map so you trust the waypoint system to lead you there, so you keep following the waypoint until you realise it made you take a detour through point B even though the risk of going straight to point C or taking the detour is more or less the same, just that you wasted an amount of time because of the waypoint system. Seriously, you're better off navigating on your own using the map. It's as if it was designed to waste the player's time as much as possible. Once you've played enough of the game you'll probably remember all the locations of the mall anyway.👎Audio Panning:There were numerous times when a survivor would be crying right in front of me and I'd only hear them from the right side of my headphones as if they were to the right of my character. I don't know if it's just me or it really is the game.Notes:👌Time limit:Dead Rising has a time limit system for the missions, in which you only have a limited amount of time to complete missions. You're able to ignore the missions but with consequences, you might lose survivors when skipping side missions and you won't be able to continue playing the main mission if you skip them. However, you're still able to continue on playing freeroam after skipping and failing the main mission. Initially, I wasn't the biggest fan of this when I first tried out the Dead Rising series but then as I played more, my opinion changed in favour of it, especially since it's one of the features that makes Dead Rising unique compared to other open-world sandbox zombie games.👌Challenge:The game can be quite challenging, especially with the lack of difficulty choices, save locations and the stupid survivor AI.👌 The chances of having a perfect playthrough, with all side-missions completed, psychopaths killed and survivors saved, on the first try is very slim. The game was designed with replayability in mind, with each playthrough you do, everything becomes easier because of the progress system works. With this in mind, I would not recommend this game for those who are looking to have a perfect playthrough on their first try, you will fail and you will be retrying numerous times.👌Miscellaneous:1. The convicts on the humvee in Leisure Park can be annoying especially after you've already beaten them the first time. (The music too.)2. You can sometimes get stuck in the 'jumping animation' when you try to jump on some cramped locations.3. Otis' messages being unskippable without losing side-missions is very annoying.It's a shame Dead Rising 4 will not feature most, if not all of the things I liked about Dead Rising."
,Recommended,427190,25488379,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,The Balaclava Bandit,F A N T A S T I C
,Recommended,427190,26331953,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"Epic start of Dead Rising game series from CapcomPROS+Epic variety of weapons+Mall setting+Great char customization+Great Storyline+Superb unlockables+Infinity mode+Great and hard Achievements+Great animations+Great difficulty when escorting survivors+Epic BossesCONSNO cons......except for one....OTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!This game is MUSTBUY,be sure to pick it up at some point,because it's...FANTASTIC!"
,Recommended,427190,32187068,Posted: 4 June,all,charthepayne,Follow me! Come on! Come on! Follow me! Come on! Follow me! Follow me!10/10 Follow me!
,Recommended,427190,25618863,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,froakiethroat,"A quality PC port of (what is quite possibly) my favorite game of all time.No other game in the series has quite managed to capture the same magic that the original has.If you can stomach the first few hours that is infamously unforgiving for new players, you'll find tons of zombies, crazy bosses, a lighthearted conspiracy plot, and a tense but rewarding action-adventure romp that pays dividends to those willing to sink time into it."
,Recommended,427190,25488378,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Anarchy,"Runs smooth, has good pc friendly options. Great PC port, if you liked playing it the first time, give it another shot!"
,Recommended,427190,25502213,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Philly Wonken,"No checkpoints, only one save file per individual playtrough (You wanna rotate save files? F**k you! You saved at a bad point and missed a critical deadline? Start the whole game over, f**k you!), brain dead NPC's that keep getting stuck on everything and randomly stop following you unless you ear-bleedingly shout at them the whole way back to the safe house, chainsaws that fall out of your hands every time you sneeze, timed events, escort missions, awful facial animations, horribly dated graphics, terrible dialog...*tear rolls down cheek* It- It's perfect...Seriously though, it's no secret that Dead Rising is an absolutely incredible game. And all those things I mentioned above? They're all a part of that.Dead Rising knows when it's fun to be fun, and when it's fun to be annoying. And it is some of the funnest fun you'll ever fun! The saving system, the timed events, the escort missions... They are all annoying enough that you'll notice them, but almost never annoying enough that you'll get tired of them. They keep you on edge. They make you care. They make you think about the way you play. They make me... Make me scream your screams (pointless Muse reference).It's good to play a game today, besides Dark Souls, that understand that true player empowerment is equally about what makes you strong and what makes you weak. Being/getting good at a game is only empowering and fun if there's always something to be bad at. Upsides can't exist if they never have downsides.Dead Rising 3, while I personally loved it, forgot that. It just took out any and all ""inconveniences"" found in the first two games without realizing that those where critical to the challenge and fun of those games. It threw all of the gameplay's stakes and tension out the window.This port is perfect. It doesn't pretend to know any better than the original, it keeps everything intact and, while that might seem lazy on the surface, I have to applaud the devs for that. So many people, even hardcore fans, blindly complain about the s**t mentioned above, without realizing just how bland the game would be without them (Dead Rising 4). It would have been so easy for them to ""go the extra mile"" and ""fix those issues"". But, they didn't. Thank you devs for being lazy, it's highly appreciated.I am so thankful for this port. No matter how many times I tried, I could never get into Dead Rising because of the limitations of the 360's hardware. I'd just play it for a bit, get bugged out by it and go back to DR2 or 3 on PC. But, now? It's amazing. I honestly didn't think 1080p144fps would make THAT MUCH of a difference. Much like when I played trough Halo 2: Anniversary, I finally ""get it"". I finally see what people saw or, maybe, what I always thought I saw. It's finally as good as it always seemed to be. It- It's just so good... So. GOOD."
,Recommended,427190,25845810,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Robioto,"STILL A FANTASTIC GAME WELL WORTH PLAYING, WITH NO HANDHOLDING LIKE MANY MODERN GAMESI bought this game back in 2006 along with my 360 and due to finding it hard, a bit frustrating but most of all having other games that distracted me from this game, I never put proper time into it. When the PC version was released over 10 years later, I decided the time had come to give this game a proper go. I'm glad I did, this game is unique, intense, challenging and an absolute blast to play.PROS+ In game clock keeps you moving and makes you think about your next moves+ The graphics have aged well and the game is great to play compared to the 360 version (144FPS, 1440p :))+ While tounge in cheek the story is actually pretty good+ Loads of weapons and ways of killing zombies+ Great risk/reward system with survivors+ Just when you are getting comfortable the game throws new things at you+ Most of the bosses are fun+ Extra save slots are a welcome addition+ Great reaply value, lots of modes and extras to unlock and lots of ways to play the gameCONS- The inventory can be fiddly to manage- The in game clock will annoy some (not me, I think it adds to the game)- Some boss battles are a bit of an anti climax- Some boss weapons are so powerful that they make using many of the other fun weapons obselete- The survivor escort AI is poor, but manageable- The early challenge and inevitable failures will put the impatient offOVERALLThis game is great, it's a great example of how older games still grip me and how most newer games just plain bore me as they play it safe with game mechanics. The in game clock will annoy some, but it makes this game as it keps you on your toes, every second counts. If you don't mind slightly clunky controls, occasionally annoying AI and a good challenge (you will fail to start with), then this game is for you. Still one of the best zombie games ever made, even a decade later.RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,427190,25682283,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Captain icze4r,"Textures look gorgeous (for the most part) at 1080p: most detail seems to be in characters. Framerate can be locked at 30, 60, or just unlocked. What worked for me is V-Sync with Variable framerate: eliminated the screen-tearing from locking at 60 FPS. Features borderless full-screen mode: very pleased!Controls better with keyboard and mouse.Otis is still annoying.A.I. is still not very bright.Good game."
,Recommended,427190,25502247,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,5persondude,I can read the text now!
,Recommended,427190,34324779,Posted: 18 August,all,𝔇𝔲𝔫𝔤𝔢𝔬𝔫,great port of the best zombie game ever made.
76561198038971048,Recommended,427190,33932817,Posted: 31 July,all,Baito Senshi,"Just got the true ending a minute ago. Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good game and an excellent port. Runs very smoothly at 60 FPS. Gamepad highly recommended.Pros:- Multiple save slots, a feature not present in the original X360 release. Allows you to experiment a little more with your allotted time limit and lets you easily undo any mistakes by simply loading another slot, saving you a lot of frustration.- Decent story. Has a few twists. Not a lot of memorable characters except for Frank, Isabela and some of the bosses.- Nice music (WEEEEELLLLLLL)- Mall is fun to explore and fun to mess around in, might need more than one playthrough to fully explore everything it has.- Combat is extremely satisfying. Plenty of awesome fighting skills to be gained from leveling up. Game rewards experimentation.- Very challenging bosses, with some being more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t than others. You won't always beat them in one try.- Good replay value with multiple game modes and endings.Cons:- Has a reverse difficulty curve; starts off really ♥♥♥♥ing hard and gets progressively easier. Overtime mode, which is unlocked after beating the base game, has difficulty spikes all over it.- Controls can feel a little clunky at first (this is a 2006 game after all) but once you get used to it, it feels like second nature. Shooting firearms never feels quite right though.- Saving survivors is a crucial part of the game, but their AI is beyond stupid; from not obeying your orders, to not following you, to easily getting stuck in a mob of zombies and dying. They're the most stressful and frustrating thing about the game. Saving everyone in the mall might require more than one playthrough.- Lack of CO-OP, but this is an early X360 title from 2006 so I can let it slide.- Otis.8/10."
,Recommended,427190,25723251,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Buizerd,"DEAD RISING :)Finished it 10 years ago on 360,  Finished it today on PC !And loved every minute of it AGAIN, this game doesn't get old.""CLASSIC"""
,Recommended,427190,32007553,Posted: 27 May,all,Nevander,"Very well done port of the original DEAD RISING to PC. The game is practically exactly the same as the Xbox 360 original, only with added PC options and optimizations. This is a must buy for DEAD RISING fans and zombie genre fans alike! There is a learning curve, the game begins very difficult for newcomers but will be very fun and easy by the time you know what you're doing. I have nothing to complain about, would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,427190,25563491,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Not a Traitor,>7 survivors following>go outsideWEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLL11/10 could be better - IGN
,Recommended,427190,28087230,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nifara,You could cover 5 or 6 wars or just one.
76561198104634138,Recommended,427190,26619249,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[4K]XxGaMiNGK3LLERxX,"Pros:-YAY It's on steam!-60FPS with GTX 750 Ti + 8x MSAA (Thank god it's not TAA *AHEM Bethesda*) with some drops to 43FPS in zombies infested areas + enourmous amount of blood-Nice story-Loved the tedious repetion *Follow me, come on, follow me, come on, follow me, come on, follow me, come on, follow me, come on*-Rescueing survivor bonus is generous giving you a lot of PP-Unlimited Adam's small chainsaw (Unlimited in spawning chainsaw)-Perfectly remastered!-Controller support (Unlike DR2)Cons:-Hitstopping (I think that's what it's called, and it's for creating extra effect with hammers etc) is way more noticeable with 60FPS, almost like micro-freeze-Those Convicts are ANNOYING AF-Don't like Frank's nose :P-AI is too stupid and annoying AND stubborn-I don't know why but zombies are too touchy here + hardSummary:Dead Rising, fun and amazing game to play, espicially when you can do tons of funny things in this game, what's even more fun is when you smash those bunch of piles of zombies with cars! Well if your considering buying this perfect port, well the anwser is: BUY IT!Overall score: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,427190,30729421,Posted: 25 March,all,Lintire,"""Here she is. Willamete, Colorado. Population: 53, 594. Distinguishing characteristics: jack♥♥♥♥♥♥""- Ed DeLuca on Willamete, ColoradoIf you went out onto the street, tackled a random person and asked them what their least favourite gameplay segments are, you'll probably hear about Escort Quests, Timed Missions, and Item Durability. Maybe some other stuff that isn't relevant to this review.Welcome to this review of Dead Rising, by the way. That's the game. If I had to give it a genre, I'd put it into ""Lament Configuration"".Dead Rising is an experimental sandbox game, a leftover of that era where Capcom was riding high and trying new IPs left right and center. Sort of like that brief era where EA funded new IPs instead of killing studios, but Dead Rising has enough corpses to match.""THIS IS MY STORE.""- Steven Chapman, with some exposition about his store.Core gameplay involves responding to ""scoops"" or calls (which operate on some weird rules) going out and rescuing the survivors of these calls (who operate on some weird rules) with gameplay itself that involves item durability conservation while trying to minimize the amount of damage that zombies get on you (that has some weird rules of its own) and occasionally doing a plot mission (very standard, not much to note).Dead Rising is a game of weird rules.Of invulnerability frames to abuse and get abused by, of hitboxes to figure out, of weapon stashes and unlocks to gain and gain again. Combine that with a zero to hero levelling system and you have a game that doesn't just want you to figure it out, it wants you to destroy it.To build Frank from a consistently failing paparazzi to a juggernaut freelancer through multiple playthroughs and exploration.It teaches you to become used to failure through a rather gentle introduction of inability, and it teaches you to love overcoming it. And sometimes even to court it. In that factor, Dead Rising is a masterclass of design, supported by incredible pacing, complex but distinct level design, a fairly responsive action system full of combos and quirks, and a story that's way more interesting than it has any right to be.Even if it does kind of fizzle out, beyond the initial presentation and a couple of great moments.""It doesn't hurt. Not even a little. I'm already dead.""- One of the better lines in the game.Now it's not perfect. Course not. For a game that's a solid 60% escort quests, it doesn't do it any favours that the survivor AI is absolutely braindead. They'll helplessly stand around zombies, get stuck on potplants, corners, and each other, and often need a good kick in the behind to get them moving, even when you've mitigated their AI with the endgame approach of slaughtering everything.Psychopaths, by far the most interesting part of the game, get trivialized with the same endgame equipment and setups, and the strict time limit means you'll never be putting down an edge to actually fight them.Any situation that forces you to use your skills and such does show how rudimentary they really are. Cancelling a somersault into a roundhouse sweep sounds great until you find your feet clipping right through psychopaths and zombies because they're not in exactly the right position for the hitbox to connect, or find out the hard way just how useless the dodge is for anything but breaking a stunlock.It's okay, fun when it's not breaking, but it's no Ninja Gaiden or DMC or the like. Lament Configuration first, action second.Most disappointing about Dead Rising is that Overtime, Infinity Mode, and a lot of the superficial stuff (like actually unlocking the Mega Buster) are just chores. They suck. Realtime 14 hours of sitting around hitting a button every twenty minutes, or making the same 3 minute route constantly for 3-4 hours, is exactly as fun as it sounds.I'm sure a couple of people enjoy it, good on them. Didn't care for it at all.""And yet he complained that his belly was not full.""- Final linesFor what Dead Rising is, for what it represents, these failings are more than excusable. An insanely replayable, experimental game based around failure and triumph is worth at least one playthrough, even if that doesn't mean getting the most out of it.It's worth your time, and is remarkably happy to remind you about how much of that you've got left."
76561198098857166,Recommended,427190,32782289,Posted: 25 June,all,T3hScoT.,"Dead Rising, where the biggest threat is not the zombies but the awful AI."
,Recommended,427190,26095297,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Captain Pollution,I haven’t seen Otis since 2006 and he still complains when I hang up on him
,Recommended,427190,34901567,Posted: 12 September,all,JugSF 🌊Deterrence🌊,"If you already played Dead Rising One, this is a perfect carbon copy of the original, and I mean that in a good way. They left the game in it's original state and it plays like the xbox 360 version. If you haven't played Dead Rising One lemme break it down, this game is not for everyone. You can mess around in a mall all day but if you want to play the story, it takes an amount of fitting in fun with work in a challenging way. There is a time limit, but in my opinion I think it's a quirky mechanic that allows the Dead Rising Franchise to stand out. Every mission you complete gives a sense of pride and fullfillment due to the fact that the time limit creates tension. Survivor AI is extremely stupid so I suggest you do one run that you ignore the story and have fun, and the other playing the story. Really if you want a unique zombie game this is for you. The Bosses are one of the biggest highlights and you always hear people talking about em. I highly recommend this game to both old fans and new."
,Recommended,427190,25488308,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Commodore 64,"Welcome back Frank West! 2006 reborn! I cannot believe it! I had serious doubts about the port to PC and felt it was going to be crap. Well I was wrong! This game sets you off as Frank West sent to investigate Willamette, Colorado. He finds himself landing onto a rooftop of the Willamette Mall. Everything seems fine at first, but then we are introduced into a zombified world. This game run's amazing and cannot wait to play more! All the original DLC is included in the game via blue lockers. This is an absolute job well done! For all of those who played the series or have not, play this game. This one was probably the best Dead Rising game! Well..I'm off..going back into the mall. I will see you guys there!"
76561198046242117,Recommended,427190,26103541,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,RyanS1357,"Now release Dead Rising Case Zero, Case West and Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha."
,Recommended,427190,25988925,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,The Pony Lover,"Dead Rising... where to even begin with this game. Well, let's start with how I originally played it. I first played this game on the xbox 360 7-8 years ago and I absolutely loved it... but I was always too afraid to do anything in the game for some odd reason so I never got past backup for brad. The zombies were fun to kill, the environment was fun to explore and the psychopaths scared the crap out of me. I played this game for hours upon hours just staying in the first part of the mall killing zombies and even doing just that; this game was entertaining and very fun to playNow fast forward to present time. When I heard this game was being ported to PC I was friggin HYPED. I didn't preorder it but I did buy it a day or two later after it's release. I must admit, I was a bit skeptical of a port for a game this old with it also being an exclusive for the 360. But boy, I have never felt happier to be wrong. This game does NOT feel like a port from the 360, it feels like something that was meant for PC all along. The game handles great, the graphics still hold up and I haven't crashed a single time. Unlike the young and afraid pony that used to play this game, I was able to beat the game and enjoy it and BOY did I miss out. The story was wonderful, the character development was perfect and the psychopaths... still scared the crap out of me. This game has a hair pulling amount of challenge to it and that's another reason I love it; this game does NOT hold your hand much, unlike a lot of modern games, so if you're not up for a fun challenge and don't want to be pulling out your own hair at times, then you should stay away from this game and if you do play it, remember to save frequently! Because getting your face nommed off or getting wrecked by a psychopath and then having to go back because you forgot to save is never fun. (trust me)Now while this port is excellently delivered the cons from the original version still stick out like: The A.I that feels the necessity to run up to zombies that aren't even posing much of a threat and fight them, thus getting crowded by like sixty of them, resulting in you having to waste time and resource to help them.And the BANE of my playthrough, which is still about the A.I: The friggin hand holding. Yeah, that may sound stupid to anyone who hasn't played this game before, but once you try guiding one of the survivors back to safety and you have to hold their hand, you'll understand soon enough. I don't know how many times I had to scream at my monitor because they suddenly just let go of my hand and then got crowded by zombies. It's an annoying aspect that you can get around if you don't have a heart for fellow survivors! But you can't avoid it forever.All in all this game is and will always be magnificent and at the top of my favorite games list. I completely recommend it to anyone who hasn't played it before and to the people who have played it on the 360 but may be a bit skeptical to buy it. This is definitely worth the price, so get it, have fun and remember to drink your mixed juice!This game is FAN-TASTIC!"
76561198044885436,Recommended,427190,25502582,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,BKRandon,11/10 Killing zombies makes my PP go up.
,Recommended,427190,25538422,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Double,"""Hm hm... Hmm.. Perfect.""Ten years old and still one of my personal favorite games. This game is practically a must have, whether you've played it on the Xbox 360 or haven't got a chance to play it yet. The port is wonderful, everything works exactly as it should and the developers have been quick to patch any bugs.Highly recommended, this game is a classic."
,Recommended,427190,32854842,Posted: 27 June,all,ROLY POLY!,"Still the best Dead Rising game due to the effort put into every detail that isn't AI. Worth it at full price, a steal on sale."
,Recommended,427190,25534563,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,M A T T,"Among all the ports that you can get for PC now, this is by far the best one yet. Not only for graphical fluidity, but also keeping the mechanics of the game true to it's original (which is a good thing tbh)Pros-Complete graphical overhaul, playing in 4k with smooooooth gameplay, barely any hitches at all if any.-You get the classic hardcore experience that most people missed out since 2010 if you didn't have a 360.-Small Chainsaw.-Original frank west and all his war covered stories-53,594 zombies to kill-all the original 360 achievements that were hardcore to get (7 day survivor anyone?)-You'll rage and restart with a stronger and better frank every time learning your mistakes and slowly getting better at the game-Real Megaman Blaster and Real Laser Sword. What's up.Cons-You'll still scream at survivor AI and laugh at stupid psychopath movements (prisoners)-You still have the annoying and poor clock/timed missions which don't exactly tell you how much time you have left unless you've got like a wiki open-No combo weapons, but who needs it when you've got an inventory full of small chainsaws and real megaman blasters?Honestly there should be no reason why you shouldn't own this game, it's the best thing that's hit the 360, and now it's 1000% better on PC."
,Recommended,427190,25576443,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,onionunion,"So I told them to create a game made entirely of the most annoying escort missions a player can imagine, on a constantly running timer... they actually did it the absolute madmen!hahahahahahahaha!"
76561198158018196,Recommended,427190,32829693,Posted: 26 June,all,"Dan ""Get In the Van"" Schneider",Remember when video games were fun?
76561198057705945,Recommended,427190,26749809,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Vash DeLoc,I can read the text! \o/
,Recommended,427190,25504456,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Andoru,The original and still the best!
76561198134360165,Recommended,427190,30662714,Posted: 21 March,all,2 midgets in a trench coat,"Let me list three reasons why Dead Rising 1 beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of every Dead Rising game to come after.1: It was funny because the player made it funny. The plot stayed stright faced and melodramatic through and through. This made it laugh out loud hilarious when frank would pop up in cut scenes wearing a stuffed bear head and machine gun ammo belts. There is nothing funnier than watching a grown man discuss a bomb threat with DHS agents while dressed as mega-man. mean while DR2 relies on one liners, DR3 trys to be dark and gritty while also having a jet-pack strapped boss IN A STORY MISSION, and DR4 attempts a revelutionary comidic strategy by just being the joke.2: No combo weapons. They are not ""bad"" so to speak but they make every other weapon pointless. Part of the fun/comedy of DR1 was being able to fight your way out of a bad spot with nothing more than a trash can and a plastic deck chair. you can still get those two things in other Dead Risings, but the damage they deal is massivly toned down to the point where they are no longer a viable option. Not that it matters concidering you wont leave the comfort of safty without an inventory full of electrified machetes in later games turning every horde encounter into a chore rather than a ludacris fight for survival.3: Well thought out modes. There are 3 modes in the game. 72 hour mode (the main story), overtime mode (essentially the prologue), and infinite mode (survival). the devolopers relised that the Prologue was way to jarring of a gameplay shift to include in the main game, so rather than ♥♥♥♥♥ out, and make the prologue the same thing you've been playing for six hours, they seperated it and made it its own mode which made the prologue very memorable. infinite mode is a very well thought out and developed survival mode, which i have wasted way to much time in (Check that play time).DR1 was one of the best games on Xbox 360, and now with better resolution/anti-aliasing/frame rate its one of the best games on steam hands down."
,Recommended,427190,31283673,Posted: 21 April,all,rbd11235,"I enjoyed this game a lot, but it's not for everyone. The core gameplay is ridiculously fun but there are a few things that may be dealbreakers for some people.The first thing is that the entire game is set on a timer. The entire goal of the game is to survive 72 ingame hours. All quests are timed and you're on a strict schedule. You only have a short time window to perform quests and if you miss that window, then you fail the quest. This makes it near impossible to complete all the side missions, meaning that you will almost certainly have to pick and choose which missions to tackle and which ones to ignore.The second thing that may discourage some players is the abundance of escort missions. Almost all side missions will involve you escorting survivors to the safehouse, and unfortunately, the survivors are pretty much incapable of doing anything. This makes it very difficult to keep them alive, especially when you have to escort 3-5 of them at a time. It is important to rescue as many as possible as rescuing survivors is the quickest way to level up.The third thing is the difficulty of the game itself. The game is very hard the first time through. It is important to level up as much as possible, which means rescuing as many people as you can. Part of the problem is that you don't get to choose your upgrade for leveling up. Everytime you level up, the bonus that you earn is random. Weapons also break very easily, and you can pretty easily be caught without weapons in a horde of zombies.If these things don't bother you, I think you may enjoy this game."
,Recommended,427190,33466261,Posted: 11 July,all,Spookyena,Dead Rising is the only game where rescuing the physically handicapped is easier than escorting perfectly healthy human beings.
76561198270952794,Recommended,427190,31925993,Posted: 23 May,all,Cyphrus_,After 10 years this game is still fantastic.
76561198193514129,Recommended,427190,29492407,Posted: 25 January,all,Echopersona,"You could be escorting a survivor through the zombie apocalypse, and then you hear...WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL10/10"
,Recommended,427190,25487873,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Spoopy Ellie,By far the best Dead Rising game ever made.
,Recommended,427190,25503531,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Kranku,"Although my in-game time is currently only a few hours, I have played hundreds of hours of this game on Xbox 360, and there isn't any huge content changes between the two versions, I was excited for the possibility of re-playing this game in 1080p 60fps and thankfully the game runs like a dream, it's a very good port and runs well on my AMD machine using a Radeon 7800. Even during busy sections with hundreds of bodies on screen the game runs smoothly, absolotely no issues with the visuals save for a few graphical glitches which were also present on the xbox 360 version, which usually effects shadows and hairlines and this is without running crossfire, nothing major.The graphics settings are functional but lacking, you can change basic stuff like Shadow Quality, Anti-Aliasing, V-sync and Texture Filtering but not much else. All keys are fully rebindable and the game has controller support, in fact you can switch between both K+M and Xbox Controller on the fly and the game will update the icons instantly. I have found that the game won't allow me to bind anything to Mouse 5, something to bear in mind if you like using mouse buttons. One issue with the keyboard controls is that there is no animations for turning, moving Frank with WASD makes him snap in a direction so holding W+A for example will start you running instantly northwest with no inbetween turning animation, it's not a huge issue but it does look ugly and it's worth mentioning that in the latest Dead Rising 3 on the PC, this does not occur. I personally use a controller which I think has better movement.The in-game graphics are very dated but they are a huge improvement over the 360 version, there's a lot less screen tearing and the character models seem to be more detailed, there is an issue with the depth of field at higher resolutions, it's especially noticeable during cutscenes where the game will render low-fideltiy models of certain areas which weren't meant to be seen clearly but in this version they are a lot more noticeable, it's not a deal breaker by any means but it threw me off when I first saw it. The save system is the same as the Xbox version i.e. terrible, this version does offer seperate save slots for starting a new game, which is a very welcome addition, but still remembering to save often is a must otherwise you can lose a lot of progress. It's worth mentioning that other reviewers have found an issue with their save corrupting, I tested out saving and loading in different areas but I haven't encountered this issue.As for the game itself; the story is bad, but not unenjoyable. It's the good kind of bad that plays out like a cheesy, unitentionally funny B-movie and it's pretty endearing. You play as a journalist en route to Willamette, Colorado to cover a zombie story and uncover the truth behind the outbreak, the game has a good balance between serious heavy narrative elements that contrast with dressing up like a transsexual Guy Fieri and caving in a Zombies skull with a dumbbell. The plot won't blow your mind, it's heavy handed, badly written and completely absurd but for this type of game it actually works pretty well and Frank is a very likeable character.The game is a sandbox set in the Willamette Parkview Mall, Each section of the mall is divided by areas with different features and stores, the player can pick up common objects and use them to kill zombies, you can also find food and drink to replinsih health, The game has a leveling system which uses Prestige Points (PP) as experience, you get PP from Killing zombies, taking photographs and rescuing survivors amongst some other things and you're reawrded with more health, item slots, abilities etc. The Mall is an excellent map which has a lot of different secrets, shortcuts and variety, every area feels unique and I've come to know the layout of the whole game like the back of my hand, really nicely designed and a great setting for the game. Combat is very satisfying and in my opinion the best in the series. One little detail is that the game intentionally stutters when you hit a zombie which makes the whole experience visceral, bloody and very satisfying, the absurd amount of weapons, items, food and cosmetics is fantastic and each item has it's own moveset, even different guitars like bass guitars and electric guitars will have different heavy attacks. The controls take some time to get used to but they work, you can't move whilst aiming a gun which is quite frustrating.The game facilitates players who fancy a shameless zombie murder spree, even if you fail the main missions you can continue playing and recieve the 'bad' ending, the game has multiple endings with the 'true' ending leading to an epilogue of sorts. The game also features additional weapons and clothing which can only be accessed after completing the game whilst meeting certain pre-requisites. Dead rising incetivises repeat playthroughs and caters to different play-styles, whether you want to scope out secrets or play zombie genocide you'll find that the game will reward you differently. However if you want to save survivors it's rather unfortunate the AI in the game is nothing short of abysmal. You have to escort survivors to the security room but they will frequently run into objects, get stuck, stand still and cry, get stunlocked by zombies and be generally infuriating. This is a huge black spot on the game, saving survivors isn't always neccessary but it gives you a huge PP boost and other useful stuff like shortcuts. There's a item which is supposed to make survivors less stupid but even then it's still unbearable, and god save your soul if you try to save 4 survivors at once because it's a total mess.The game has boss battles which add variety and challenge, the difficulty level varies a lot in this regard; some bosses are straightforward in that you tank damage, heal and hit them back, some require more thought and strategy, you can cheese the bosses with cheap tactics if you don't like them, I think they're a nice addition and add a lot to the game, but without going into too much detail the bosses can use very cheap, very unfair attacks and be extremely frustrating to fight, some of them are just very poorly designed. remember to save often.There are a couple of little annoyances about the game; the transciever will incessantly ring until the player answers the call, the conversation which ensues lasts far too long and prevents the player from attacking and if the player is interrupted whilst receiving a call such as being attacked by a zombie the conversation will restart with the player being scolded by a support character for 'hanging up.' Two handed weapons are dropped if the player gets hit, uses an item or switches to a different item as well as removing the players ability to cliimb ledges, so they're almost not worth using at all. The second game in the series did iron out these gameplay wrinkles but personally I think that this game is more enjoyable than Dead Rising 2, the combat is more satisfying, the Map is nicely designed and the protagonist is more interesting.In closing, Dead Rising is a very flawed game but it's also very inspired and extremely fun to play and re-play, once you start to learn all the nuances and odd quirks the game has you're rewarded with a unique experience, I can't think of another game series that let's me don a floral pattern dress and MegaMan helmet whilst glefully mincing up black friday shoppers in a lawnmower."
76561198104515041,Recommended,427190,25539807,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,c r a z y b e l m o n t,"The most fluid gameplay and enjoyable story of the series by far. Frank is such a great protagonist, and I'm having barrels of fun. I loved it then and I loved it now, and it's an excellent port to boot. Though the fact this game doesn't have the great soundtrack tag is a crime."
,Recommended,427190,25561147,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Modest Machina,"It's exactly like the original one, except with improved framerate and resolution.It's great, it's fun, it'sfantastic. An excellent PC port of an excellent game."
,Recommended,427190,25559474,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Roland of Gilead,"The only game I really miss from the Xbox 360 is finally on PC.It is a full-bodied port running at 60fps with perfectly fine mouse and keyboard controls, although some of the binds are kind of weird. But you can rebind them at your leisure. Or play with a controller like the good old days.Now since it is for all intents and purposes just a port, it hasn't fixed any problems that the game had originally, like the awful survivor AI. The brainwashing book mitigates it a bit, but it's earned so late in the game it has virtually no use by that time.Anyway I have a great feeling of fondness and nostalgia for this game and it's lovely to be able to experience it again.If you haven't played it at all even all those years ago, I totally recommend it now."
76561198272385155,Recommended,427190,34337471,Posted: 18 August,all,King DeDeDe,This game is underrated compared to its sequels. The newer titles dont understand the magic that made the first game so good. This game mixes fun zombie killing with a good story. Bosses/Psychos are fun and very challenging in some cases. The way missions work with the timer make managing your time just another challenging aspect of this game. 6 endings. 2 extra modes and ridiculous replayability. This is one of the best games I have ever played. Trying to hide from cletus behind a magazine rack/10
76561198055555258,Recommended,427190,25653774,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Wizjig,"WELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLHe ain't my boy, but the brother is heavyGave away my possessions and moved in to a Chevy (vanYeah, that's the master plan)(Drive to woods and eat corn out the can)Yeah I gave it all away, the hard rock bandThe groupies, the booze, the all-night jamsNow all these fans, askin' ""Where did he go?""(Meditating on a rock lettin' go of the ego)So rapping with the squirrels is the way of the mountainThey took half my nuts and berries and riddled ""Who's countin'?""Bit my finger with the truth, the blood was spoutin'Now my cup overfloweth, just like a fountainSeen birds in the sky, trees in betweenGrubs in the ground, it was so sereneThe sky was blue, yeah the grass was green(And that's three square meals if you know what I mean!)So now I wake up every morning with a fat cup of♥♥♥♥♥♥My third eye's open, so give me some Swiss MissSaw a thirty foot fairy walking down your streetThought I was down with God, I had to yell ""Retreat!""Because I gone guru so cut the ballyHOORock the tambourines and the didgeriDOOSet the animals free from the pimpin' zooAnd I'll elevate your mind like airplane glueOut in the desert on a three-day stintI had a revelation and I made a mintSo take a hit and won't you join the clubSend your wives to my hut for the body rubMental guru in the SubaruFour-wheel drive to the communePick up the crewAnd we out to the zen monastery on the prairieWhere I milk the holy cow, but quit the dairySo run with the yeti eatin' veggie spaghettiDon't have to live like no refugee, peace to Tom PettyReady, steady, spiritually growTil I found out my boy worked for the COINTELPROGraham, damn, now I gots to scramAnd start handin' out my leaflets in BethlehemCause the Bible's played out, so I'm writing a new text(We are all one, so what's the problem with group sex?)And so many children want to join the fold(Mike Love on line two) Put that sucker on holdAnd shine, to thine own self be trueThey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guru(Yeah, shine, to thine own self be trueThey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guru!)(You got to shine, to thine own self be trueThey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guru)Gone guru, I'm the new NehRUSo rock the tambourines and didgeriDOOI'll deliver who-ever pays what's dueThat's nine for me, and one for youAwwwwwwwww yeah, we got it going on and it's strong up in here tonight!We got that incense burning! We got them peacock feathers, tickling!We got all that cuckoo karma connection, that you can useSo come on, people, get with the program!We can get this together...Tonight!Too many wives for Ohio, they were looking to try meSo I got twelve divorces said aloha, HawaiiArrived without traveling, they lost the bagsAnother trial for my people, don't scratch the Jag(They might say hang loose, but they really don't mean it!)Deported me to Rio and you watched it on CNETNews chumps had me singing the bluesTil thirty thousand showed up with the right to chooseRose petals in bed, milk in my bathAnd now Harrison Ford wants my autographI laughed when we met, cause he busted a sweatThen I stuck out my tongue, he donated a jet(Stole the spotlight from the Dali LamaCause my crews coming tight in the orange pajamas)(Got 16 Caddies and 29 Rolls♥♥♥♥ the shoes, I transcend through soles)With constant expansion, I live in a mansionGetting jiggy with Madonna and Marilyn Manson60 Minutes exposé, taxes you never paidPapparazzi, Code Blue! Down toupee!Yes I'm starting to age, I can feel it in my bonesMy advisers tell me (Start thinking 'bout clones)Found out! heaven is a place on earth!I cut off my head it cost all I was worthCryogenic robot, now my head can spin(I'll be around a million years, so let the party begin)PARTY ROBOT!!! (Now my head can spinI'll be around a million years, let the party begin)Gone guru, new NehruRock tambourine and didgeridooMust free animals from pimpin' zooDeliver who, two plus twoGone gone gone-gone, gone gone, gone gone gone-gone gone goneGone gone gone-gone, gone gone, gone gone gone-gone gone guru"
,Recommended,427190,29832564,Posted: 10 February,all,Crash Valentinus Belmont,"A good ol classic 10 years old zombie beat em up game.it's may be outdated but it does have its own charm if you asked me.Go buy this instead Dead Rising 4, this game got no DLC, and hell a lot better than Dead Rising 4.It's worth it.I rate it 8/10"
,Recommended,427190,32964485,Posted: 28 June,all,Rick,"Was worried the port would have issues but no its perfect, actually a better port than most other Dead Rising games. plus full controller support!"
76561198066983814,Recommended,427190,29262971,Posted: 14 January,all,Uncle Skeet,"As a big fan of Dead Rising 2, I knew I had to pick this up.First let me just say that this is a fine good port. There are a lot of glichy ports of older games and it's a breath of fresh air to see how smoothly this game plays on newer systems. The controls take a little getting use to, the countdown clock is a source of stress and great achivement, and the AI for the surviors is a mess. But I love this game. A truly orignial idea with you being able to use mostly everything you see in the mall. You'll start to develope pathways to take to save the most time.""Find *blank* up here and I might need *blank* from behind the stairs."" Will be something you will be thinking thoughout the game.Boss battles are fun and a nice challenge with each having a memorable personality. If you like Dead Rising 2 or zombie games in general, I'd recommend this to you!"
,Recommended,427190,32952407,Posted: 28 June,all,Lunar,"FINALLY, this game is on PC. I spent so much time playing this game when I was a teenager. I have a huge fear of zombies, so when it'd hit night time, I'd freak out a bit, those red eyes didn't really help.Now that I'm 25 and no longer literally afraid of the game, it's been a LOT more fun. Gonna try to grab all achievements while I'm at it.I think this is old enough to be considered a classic now too. If it's not. Then it's really getting close.If you like zombie games, pick this up for sure."
,Recommended,427190,25489486,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Dead Rising is an open world game from 2006 created by Capcom for the Xbox 360. It's one of the earliest killer app titles for the console and was the game most people bought a 360 for prior to Halo 3. At the time it blew people away with how groundbreaking it was in terms of technology and continuously remains on top ten lists to this day.In Dead Rising you play as Frank West. A journalist who enters the small town of Willamette Colorado by helicopter. Dropped onto the roof of the local mall, he has 3 days to figure out the origin of the zombie apocalypse that has befallen the town, and return to the roof alive in the process. Frank is the anchor the game hinges around, he's a loveable selfish scoundrel who has a ton of lines that are instantly quotable. While the rest of the characters are kind of forgettable, you want to finish the game purely because you wanna see what Frank does next.Compared to the later games in the series and even other zombie survival games Dead Rising is very different, and infact feels foreign and hostile to the player. For starters, you have a very strict time limit. Frank has 72 hours to complete all of his objectives, and the game enforces this harshly. You can only complete your objectives within a certain time period. And this leaves very little time to explore the mall or screw around. Likewise, most of the player's weapons are household objects like baseball bats and power tools. And they break very quickly. The mall is entirely filled with zombies, and you can see up to 800 zombies on the screen at once. But the zombies aren't the player's objective, they're an obstacle. And the inherant fun of the game is finding unique ways to get around them. It is very enjoyable to carve a path through a bunch of zombies while saving all of your weapons and healing items for a tougher encounter later.After completing the game's initial 72 hour mode, there's an additional ""Overtime"" mode that lasts an additional day, and a more interesting ""Infinity"" mode. Infinity mode spawns Frank in the mall, and you continuously lose health due to hunger. And the objective is to continuously find more food items in the mall so you can keep yourself alive. It's a really fun mode and I was slightly disappointed in later Dead Rising games they removed hunger entirely in their sandbox modes. It's one of the most immersive optional modes to a game I've ever played.While Dead Rising was liked for it's technical innovations, it was remembered for its humor. Frank is a joy to play as but there's also this Japanese style of humor. Frank can wear silly costumes and use silly weapons like toy megabusters. This is all juxtaposed with a mostly down to Earth and relatively serious story. Compared to the later Dead Rising games, this contrast feels the most amusing and works the best.Lastly the game was not ported to PC until 2016. I can safely say the PC port feels just right, with only a slight handful of bugs. It also allows you to play in mouse and keyboard with rebindable keys, along with gamepad support and support for higher anti aliasing, framerates and resolutions up to 4K. It also includes the relatively pointless cosmetic DLC from the original 360 version, so you can sleep easy knowing this is now the definitive version of the game."
,Recommended,427190,27009393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fred Fuchs,Wish they would remove the time limit because I don't like to be challenged in any way. I just want to win at something. Effort is overrated-Modern Geymur
,Recommended,427190,25500932,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kemando,"I have waited 10 years for this moment. (well not really, I only became PCMR like 3-4 years ago), but still.This game runs relatively well, supports basically all resolutions, and up to 144Hz (for my monitor). It has VSync toggle, antialias options and a motion blur toggle, and anisotropic filtering I believe, with options for shadow resolution.The game looks significantly better and feels significantly smoother than it's 360 counterpart, the textures weren't updated, but the overall resolution and FPS update help breathe new life into an otherwise dated title.Now, I'm a HUGE Deead Rising Fanboy, I played this game back on 360 endlessly and 100%'d every facet of the game, 7 day survivor, genocider, Frank the Pimp, you name it, and I've been needing an excuse to go through and do it all again, and now I have it. With a respectable 25 dollar price tag, you will easily get endless hours of fun. This will be a better game than Dead Rising 3 (or even 4) will ever be, and I'm so grateful they re-released it, considering the way the franchise is straying from the path, hopefully sales of this game make everyone see that we want the true DR experience back. Not the casualized, ""streamlined"" ""focus group"" Dead Rising it's becoming.The time mechanic is an interesting system, as it encourages play management and prioritization. Making the player choose between events and encouraging replayability if the player finds they run out of time to do certain objectives. This allows for different and multiple play throughs with different goals or aspirations. Maybe a true end playthrough, or an achievement playthrough, or maybe you want to get all the psychos in 1 playthrough and not worry about survivors, or maybe you just want a playthrough where you run around killing zombies in the sandbox. The time mechanic really is at it's core what Dead Rising has always been about, replayability, managing your objectives, and thinking/playing intelligently. It also adds difficulty, as if you run out of time, and you didn't save back when you had plenty of time, you will never have enough time. This doesn't end the game though, as you can still screw around doing scoops saving survivors and ultimately getting rescued, you just won't uncover the truth, and instead will end up with one of the game's many alternate endings! Events in each playthrough always take place at the exact same times, so you can plan for specific survivor scoops at specific times and locations, as well as psycho battles.Leveling is mostly organic and passive, you level as you play by rescuing survivors, taking photographs (He's covered wars you know) and of course, killing boatloads of undead zambies. Progression is interesting, as instead of choosing perks or abilities as you level on your own, the game grants you them in a specific order, as to maintain balance through leveling. You will become stronger with additions to your combat repertoir, increases to your movement speed, health bar amount, inventory slots and stuff like that. All these enhancements are given at precise levels so you aren't completely overpowered in any way by, say, level 10 or 20 (like in DR3), but by the cap of 50 you feel like quite the badass.Survivor Escorts are one thing I wish they'd improve. I LOVE survivor escorts, it feels very rewarding to get multiple survivors back to the safe house, and gaining 2-3 or more levels in a single instance. And it's difficult enough that escorting a lot of survivors successfully takes patience and some degree of skill at navigation and zombie slaying, while barking out commands to go to a specific location or to ""follow me"". The main issue though, that sours the escort experience a LOT... Is the downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, I had hoped they'd improve the AI code at least a bit, but it's 10 years old and it was even BAD by 2006 standards. So you'll have survivors who you are trying to save running headlong into hordes of the undead with 25% HP, or they'll get grabbed and be stuck way back not being freed until YOU hit the zombie. This is somewhat mitigated through a book you get in-game that helps with survivor escorts by improving the AI, but you get it fairly late in the game as a drop from one of the psychopaths.The story is pretty simple, you are photojournalist Frank West who heard tell of a goings on in a small town in Colorado, so you fly in to figure it out and get the scoop. You get dropped off at the town's main attraction, the gigantic Mall, you have nothing but your camera and anything you can find, survive, get the story, make it out alive, all in 72 hours.Overall the combat is fun, there's exemplary weapon variety (literally everything), and the zombie types are varied enough to feel different, but models and such do repeat, but this game is 10 years old.I LOVE this game, it's one of my favorite games of all time (Not most favorite though), and I push everyone to pick up the copy, especially considering the price. I'd actually prefer it if you bought this over Dead Rising 3 or 4 (especially 4, they CHANGED FRANK'S VA, WTF!?), 2 is fine because that game stayed true to the roots of the series, and kept the DR magic and enjoyment (whilst adding juicy co-op). This game is the pinnacle of the franchise, and an outright amazing game by it's own merits, I can't recommend it enough.(Sidenote, this might be a weird bit of censorship, but I recall Jessie having a subtle amount of boob jiggle in the 360 version, it seems it's absent here. A small note, but I thought it was funny they removed it. Anyway, carry on)"
,Recommended,427190,25489396,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DVSQ,"WEEEEEEEEELL Time to grind for Zombie Genocider and survive for 7 days straight again.On a serious note, I was extremely skeptical in buying this day one, but this port is just FANTASTIC. Still my favorite zombie game ever. Mostly because Frank West covered wars you know."
76561198120344868,Recommended,427190,25731790,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Alex,"Dead Rising, follows a man named Frank West who is a photojournalist that is looking for a scoop of a lifetime. Little does he know the town he fly's into is invaded by zombies. Frank lands on the roof of a mall which he thinks is safe but finds out that there are survivors along with him, who help him out. Frank learns that this is the opportunity that he needed so investigates further what is going on. You have three in game days to find the truth about the zombies and who caused all of this, but, failure in doing so will result in the truth vanishing. If you can survive the three days then the military will come in for ""clean up"" which does not mean only killing zombies, but also any survivors that lived including Frank. Two DHS agents will help you out through the game and together figure who caused the outbreak. After a while in the game a researcher named Isabella will tell you the truth about what happened. Her evil brother Carlito will try to stop you multiple times throughout the game and Brad, a DHS agent will help you. Frank can use anything in the mall as a weapon and also vehicles that can be found in the maintenance tunnels. While also finding out the truth about what happened you will have to lead several survivors into the safe room so that the helicopter can come in three days to rescue everyone you save. If you cannot complete every mission on time you will not be able to save everyone. Leading the AI can be difficult and it is highly recommended to give them a weapon.Another thing you should know, not only do you have to worry about thousands of zombies chasing after you, you will have to deal with psychopaths that will try to kill you. You will recieve calls from Otis, which is a janitor who helps you out in giving you missions on where to locate survivors and help them and the main story. Otis will tell you certain survivors are being held hostage or ""something doesn't seem right"" sort of calls that will give you a hint you are going to fight a psychopath. Do not stress on not being able to save every survivor as you can always carry your saved data to a new game which will benefit you as you can start a new game as a higher level than before. Also, if you choose not to do any story missions there are several different endings that you can get.Dead Rising has left a big impact on zombie games as it came out in 2006 everyone loved it. Despite the map being a little small it was a zombie game at its time where you can explore a lot in game. Overall the game is a classic and the best Dead Rising game of them all. This game is a definite 9.5/10"
76561198030853973,Recommended,427190,26401963,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Island Ed,"now i understand why people say its the best out of the 3.in this one the zeds are actualy a danger ,not a great danger but still enough the keep you on guard.in the 2nd game they barely catch u even if ur surrounded. its ridiculous that u can run through the whole game evadeing all zeds while there more than in the 1st game. but not in this one... here they are at least a little challenge.also the dawn of the dead setting realy nails it."
,Recommended,427190,25508261,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,"This was and still is one of my favorite games ever and i have fond memories of playing it on my 360. I've been hoping for years that the original, and superior imo, game would have made it to PC. Not only has it come to PC finally, but it is a great port. Game runs and looks beautiful, and looks darn good for being a 10 year old game. I couldn't recommend it more and for $20 its a steal. You haven't lived until you've donned some toddler duds and whacked a zombie to kingdom come with a toy lightup sword."
,Recommended,427190,25544156,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Betelgeuse,The only game where you can kill zombies in a dress and still feel masculine.
,Recommended,427190,26914048,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Komodough,One of my favourite games but holy ♥♥♥♥ are the AI dumb :D
,Recommended,427190,25502598,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Nit Pick,I have 119 minutes on this game as of this review. Do I want to keep playing? Hell yeah! I love the Dead Rising SeriesThe port is 98% perfect and that's saying something about Capcom. It feels weird to press Q to aim a weapon. Readying the camera is RMB. Luckily theres an option to change keybindings.So give Dead Rising 1 a try. It's some good old fashioned zombie killing fun.
,Recommended,427190,25493745,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,!PreMie< !ShaDoW!?,You should've seen Frank back in his carpenter days. He's covered floors you know.
76561198032569678,Recommended,427190,27342875,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vampireteddygram,"Amazing port of one of the the best 360 gems from back in the day.Still holds up really well for being a 2006 title. Give it a shot, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,427190,25488217,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Opsan,"minecraft was released from the gamecube on the december 22nd 2012. one day after world was blow up. and. it was prove that it was a game.hello, do you like blocky graphic? build? shoot and go? well theb youll love comcast next gen movie.when i go to the game it loaded and it were taking 5 years so i uninstalled and reinstalled Nsoft's windows NT for the xbvox 2 and it workedif you issue go. :(i was the game for 3 hours and there was a lot to do. i kill man with good weapon and it was. fun. good. :(i found a clown it it he was scary i close the game it this game is bad buy it"
,Recommended,427190,34625626,Posted: 30 August,all,HAGRID YOU BASKET CASE,"If you'd see how the NPC's act it's no wonder 53,594 of them were turned into ZombiesBut still good game"
,Recommended,427190,25501424,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Past,Unf yes daddy ♥♥♥♥ me hard
,Recommended,427190,28120095,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SuperNath97,"I played this game over 7 years ago, i had a blast back then and im having a blast now, i havent felt such childhood nostalgia in a long time, the game runs very well and i havent encountered a single bug, the controls are solid and the gameplay is awsome, the story is the best in the serie and overall near perfect, i see dead rising 4 is coming out soon but if you havent played this game yet, play it, theres nothing like it and dead rising 4 wont come close to it."
,Recommended,427190,30518375,Posted: 14 March,all,jef,"one of the best zombie survival games i've ever played. despite its age it still holds up as an incredibly challenging and entertaining game. the storyline is decent and side quests are all unique in their own ways. the ai, voice acting and lip syncing are horrific but this is to be expected from such an old game. it excels in areas in which the later games failed dramatically. given its age it still looks relatively good. solid 8.5/10 game, buy it already!"
76561198008566781,Recommended,427190,32996105,Posted: 29 June,all,Dope Nerd,"What makes Dead Rising so great? The ironic humor in the mall setting for one - bashing zombie heads in with a baseball bat from the shelf of a sporting store to easy listening shopping music is a special kind of humor.The survival aspect, the fact anything can be used as a weapon can lead to hilarious situations out of just sheer desperation- 1hp and your sledgehammer just broke, no time to find another real weapon? Grab a parasol from a nearby coffee shop to plow through the hordes, undead bouncing of each side with a comical boing. Obviously that's hilarious in itself, but the fact that moments like that occur out of sheer necessity now and then make them all the more hilarious. The game is as funny as you make it, who doesn't love watching crucial plot moments unfold as Frank sports a mankini and a lego man mask combo?The zombies, they're always there, always a threat, and you need to carve your way through them. At first, it's scary, you're insanely outnumbered with very little health and ineffective weapons, you're easily overrun, but the more you play, you learn how to deal with them, how to never get grappled, and rather than seeing them as a barrier, you see paths through them, as crowds part or perhaps you climb onto a display to go over the top, you learn the locations of good weapons and food, you'll plan your routes so you can stock up on powerful gear on the way to your objective. Which leads me to my next point - the open world has those classic kind of GTA style hidden item locations, the kind of thing you used to talk about with your friends on the playground - eg. in gta, theres a magnum under the bridge behind CJ's house, in Dead Rising there's a katana on the alcove of columbian roastmasters, and smg above cam's cameras in paradise plaza, you can find chainsaws in the hardware store in in al fresco plaza, if you run on the treadmills in the gym you get an xp bonus & there's a secret shortcut in wonderland plaza that takes you right back to near the safe room.The pyschopaths - they are each interesting and unique, they range from wacky and ridiculous to creepy and downright disturbing. They are very powerful and are not to be underestimated, they can kill an unprepared player easily.The atmosphere - I think the atmosphere of dead rising is fantastic - as I said earlier, the zombies are ever present and always a danger. Who could forget the first time the power cuts out during the first night, leaving you in the complete dark with no more tongue in cheek mall music playing, only the sounds of the moaning, snarling, shuffling undead? The way the transceiver will ring so Otis can let you know of a strange event he witnessed through a secuirity camera elsewhere in the mall? Or perhaps the moment you arrive at an empty super mart only to breifly witness a hurried figure stalking you through the aisles, who turns out to be a totally unhinged madman of a clerk?Frank West - The hot headed, ladykiller photojournalist who's determined to get the scoop, no matter the cost - be it bulldozing through droves of flesh eating monsters or engaging in shootouts with insane bio-terrorists. Armed with a camera and a plethora of improvised weapons, he's determined to find out the truth behind Willamette.It's safe to say, I love Dead Rising, when the first one was released the entire game was a concept that had been so largely unheard of in video games, it was fresh and unique, and I like to think of it as a cult masterpiece. It's a shame that the series seems to be turning into something so uninspired."
,Recommended,427190,35167314,Posted: 23 September,all,Wallebrothers,11 Years later and still competes as one of the best zombie games of all time. Game runs smooth as butter and controller support is on point. 10/10
,Recommended,427190,27007656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zarik,It's a good♥♥♥♥♥game my dude
,Recommended,427190,25825412,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,A Framed Picture of Mao Zedong,i wish otis was my dad
,Recommended,427190,30325146,Posted: 4 March,all,Gabbe The Golden Comedian,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ A game where you can pick up all the stuff you want?!?!?
,Recommended,427190,25498496,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Svart -LUX-,"A cult classic, finally on PC, with all the gore and glory!I guess there is no need to explain why this game became one, if not the best Zombie Sandbox Game, so here some words why you should buy it (again) for your favorite gaming plattform:PC Version Pros and Cons+ Price is okay+ Graphics aged quite well+ Runs amazing (for most people, check Forums for overall performance)+ some new stuff effects which weren´t possible on Xbox+ multiple save files+ good controls, playable with mouse and keyboard (very helpful for aiming)+ support for different controllers+ no problems with alt+tab- the map is a pain in the a** with mouse controls- Foto mode on right mouse button instead aiming on defaultA must buy for zombie fans, just be aware of the 72 hours in-game time limit!"
,Recommended,427190,25494755,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Tycho,The best in the series is now on Steam.
76561198039685150,Recommended,427190,31889835,Posted: 21 May,all,Arceedos,"Dead Rising is a franchise whose later installments really never lived up to the original. Thankfully they don't have to; the original in all its glory has come to Steam. This is a great port of an awesome game and if you enjoy zombie-survival type games this is a must-buy for you. A great story and RPG-style level-up progression that rewards you with new moves, better stats and more inventory space. Definitely one of my favorite games and arguably the best one in the series."
,Recommended,427190,25491413,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Skelly,"Well he ain't my boy but the brother is heavygave away my possessions and moved inot a chevyvan, yeah thats the masterplandrive into the woods and eat corn out the canyeah I gave it all away, the hard rock bandthe groupies the booze, the all night jamsnow all these fans, asking where did he go?meditating on a rock letting go of the egoso rappin with the squirrels is the way of the mountainthey took half my nuts and berriesand riddled ""who's counting?""bit my finger with the truth, the blood was spoutingnow my cup overfloweth, just like a fountainseen birds in the sky, trees inbetweengrubs in the ground, it was so serenethe sky was blue, yeah the grass was greenand that's three square meals if you know what I meanso now I wake up every morning with a fat cup of♥♥♥♥♥♥my third eyes open so give me some swiss misssaw a thirty foot fairy walking down your streetthough I was down with God I had to yell retreatbecause I gone guru so cut the ballyhoorock the tamborines and the didgeridooset the animals free from the pimpin zooand I'll elevate your mind like airplane glueOut in the desert on a three day stintI had a revelation and I made a mintso take a hint and won't you join the clubsend your wives to my hut for the body rubpumpin metal guru in the subarufour wheel drive to the communepick up the crewand we out to the zen monastery on the prairiewhere I milk the holy cow but quit the dairysnowboarding with the yeti eating vegi spaghettidon't have to live like no refuge, peace to tom petty!ready steady spiritually growtil I found out my boy worked for the cointelprogram damn now I gots to scramand start handing out my leaflets in bethlehamcause the bibles played out so I'm writing a new textwe are all one, so what's the problem with group sex!?and so many children want to join the foldmike love on line two, put that sucker on holdand shine, to thine own self be truethey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guruyeah shine, to thine own self be truethey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guruyou got to shine! to thine own self be truethey can't tell you what to do when you've gone gurugone guru in my new nehruso rock the tamborines and the didgeridooI'll deliver whover pays what's duethat's nine for me and one for youawwww yeah we got it going on and it's strong up in here tonightwe got that incense, burning! we got them peacock feathers, tickling!we got all that cuckoo karma connection, that you can useso come on people, get with the program, we can get this together...tonight!too many wives for ohio they were looking to try meso I got twelve divorces said aloha hawaiiarrived without traveling they lost my bagsanother trial for my people, don't scratch the jag!you know they say hang loose, but they really don't mean it!deported me to rio and you watched it on cnetnew, chumps had me singing the bluestil thirty thousand showed up with the right to chooserose petals in path milk in my bathand now harrison ford wants my autographI laughed when we met cause he busted a sweatthen I stuck out my tongue he donated a jetcold stole the spotlight from the dali lamacause my crews coming tight in the orange pajamasgot sixteen caddies and 29 rolls♥♥♥♥ the shoes I transcended the solewith constant expansion I live in a mansiongetting jiggy with madonna and marilyn mansonsixty minutes expose taxes you never paidpapparazzi! code blue! down toupee!yes I'm starting to age I can feel it in my bonesmy advisors tell me, start thinking bout clonesfound out! heaven is a place on earth!I cut off my head it cost all I was worthcryogenic robot, now my head can spinI'll be around a million years, let the party beginparty robot, now my head can spinI'll be around a million years let the party begingone guru new nehrurock tamborine and didgeri toomust free animals from pimpin zoodeliver who? 2+2gone gone g gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gonegone gone g gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone"
,Recommended,427190,29284393,Posted: 15 January,all,Shh'Paghetti,Dead Rising a game that I really wanted to play back in 2006 but it was exclusively for xbox360(But I managed to finish the game at a friends house on his xbox).And now I am enjoing this amazing game a second time(But this time on PC):-Decent graphics(Check);-Hardcore gameplay(Check);-Hard as hell(Check);-Great game design and over 60 frames per second(Check);-Chop 'till you drop like is 2006(Check);-Great PC port(Check);-Reliving the game that started an awesome franchise(Double Check);...And Fantastic!9/10(creaking shopping cart)-THIS IS MY STOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
,Recommended,427190,25959221,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,sellers53,"Good PC Port, Otis still calls at the worst times."
76561198027907170,Recommended,427190,25632654,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,zyaxis555,"Enjoyment of this game is going to be REALLY dependent on either your threshold for bull**** or your nostalgia. This is one of those games that is traditionally considered ""hardcore"" like Demons Souls and Battletoads. It is 100% unforgiving of your mistakes, and even small errors can net you a huge loss in progress.BUT.If you are willing to let the game punish you for your errors, you will find that the lessons it teaches you will ultimately cause you to fall in love with its hardcore quirkiness. Since it was practically a launch title, it feels like a game designed for the PS2 that had extra horsepower to play with. The animations, and the janky ""gaminess"" of it all, is all set to the backdrop of a SUPER well realized fictional mall that, for all the years I have been playing this game, has never ceased to amaze me with how its aesthetic and audio tone feels 100% authentic. The crowd tech that powers this is obviously inferior to that of later Dead Rising games, but they designed the game to minimize the showing of those limitations. Obviously on PC at higher resolutions these limitations become a little more obvious, but when you're wading through a swarm of smoothly animated zombies all clustering and clawing at you and you can see them in the distance huddling over and chowing on a psychopath or survivor that just died... it just feels so authentic and cool.The reason why I think I can forgive how hard this game is is the simple fact that you keep your character progress between games. So you can fail as much as you like, but you will always be making at least a little progress.As you can see from my playtime and my achievements, I am REALLY into this game (having unlocked a lot of the hardest  ones in a cluster), because once I gave myself in to its flaws, I have never since been able to replicate the feeling it has given me. The closest would probably be Red Dead Redemption, but I have strong doubts we'll ever see that come back. :(Some things I must address, though, in the interest of full disclosure, is that it has some REALLY strong flaws that may make you smash something (maybe even something expensive). For one, AI is TERRIBLE all around, the only reason that bosses are as hard as they are is because they clearly have superpowers and the game pretty much clears all zombies from the area that you fight in so they are a non-issue for most bosses. Plus, they have incredibly powerful weapons that are always guaranteed to take off a significant amount of health. Some of them even have insanely high defense to even the most powerful of weapons and can block almost all attacks, leaving TINY windows of oppotunity that only the most hardcore players of this game will be able to take advantage of. For survivors, the AI makes them do INCREDIBLY STUPID S***. ON YOUR FIRST PLAYTHROUGH YOU WILL LOSE SURVIVORS TO THEIR OWN STUPIDITY LIKE THEM GETTING IN THE WAY OF YOUR ATTACKS, RUNNING DIRECTLY INTO A SWARM OF ZOMBIES, AND NOT BEING ABLE TO DEFEND THEMSELVES IF GRABBED. TAKE IT FROM THE GUY THAT LITERALLY SAVED EVERY POSSIBLE SURVIVOR. THEY ARE INFURIATINGLY DUMB. My advice? Carry queens (essentially grenades that only affect zombies) at all times, and carry food. Also, if you can equip them with shotguns, DO IT.The second huge thing that may put people off is the time limit. The whole game runs on a universal time limit, and essentially the game is 6 in-game hours long (8-9 if you do the first 6 perfectly). Everything that can happen in the main story of the game happens in that 6 hours, and everything is always counting down but it never tells you SPECIFICALLY when a mission will expire. On your first playthrough, you may have to sacrifice survivors to get through more story missions.The third huge issue you may have is death is unforgiving. If you have not been diligently saving your progress, you WILL lose all story/side mission/achievement progress since you last remembered to save. This is going to be a hard lesson to accept at first but THANKFULLY the character progress transfer is there. That last fact is why I could stand all the difficulty this game threw at me.All my own personal reasons aside (I swear I could make a thesis out of this), I have two reasons why I hope you will buy this game right now, sale or no sale.1) To support developers going through their backlogs and porting their games over to the one, truly sustainable platform that will guarantee their games can be enjoyed for generations to come.2) I honestly feel this is a landmark game for the 360/PS3 generation onwards, it did zombies and it did zombies RIGHT before the market became saturated with them.If you have a penchant for games that will not hold your hand and force you to earn their endings, this is a must-have. I feel this game gives me almost endless replayability, and whether that's nostalgia or whether this game may really be that good? I can't objectively say. What I can say is, there really isn't anything like this out there anymore.PRO TIP: Get the ""Zombie Genocider"" achievement (it's easier than you think, it's mainly just time consuming) before making a real run at the game. You'll see why."
76561198007484598,Recommended,427190,30196985,Posted: 26 February,all,Trollnor,Great port of the first game.  No regrests with the purchase.
,Recommended,427190,33680343,Posted: 20 July,all,Dope game cocaine,Perfect port.
,Recommended,427190,25488118,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,IoriBestGirl #CRAWLING,"Perfect port. 120Hz & FPS? Check. Support for stupid resolutions? Check. AA, AF? Check.I've been waiting almost 10 years to play this again ever since my 360 died and boy. They really did a great job, kudos to everyone involved and to CAPCOM for keeping the game intact.Definitely buy it, better than 2, 3 or any other Dead Rising game."
,Recommended,427190,25489544,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DankBujjet,"At long last.. my favorite zombie game.. of ALL time, no seriously, this is really my favorite zombie game I have ever played in my entire life, not Dying Light, not Resident Evil, it's this masterpiece of a game that has FINALLY come to PC in all of it's glory after all of these long-awaited years. So, let's see on how the PC port is, shall we? To start, oh my good lord, IT IS SO SMOOTH!! Whoever Capcom hired to make this port come alive, did an absolute fan-tastic job with bringing this game to PC.. I can call my life seriously complete now, honestly. And the pricing for this game? It's no $30, it's not even $60, it's a solid wonderful and worth it mind you, $20. Consider me SOLD! I love this game so dearly, it keeps my heart pumping. This game is nonetheless the BEST Dead Rising game in the series, I do like the other games, but the others can't beat this classic. Great gameplay, awesome main character, hell even the story is intertwined so well. I love how the story unfolds as you complete each Chapter per-se, it makes it that much more of a mystery. As I'm very proud to say, this game and it's outstanding port to the PC deserves a rating of 10 out of 10.. Please, do everyone who is a fan of this marvelous game a favor and buy this game not on sale or on sale, it's very much worth the price. This game will remain my favorite zombie game of all-time, forever and always. Before I go, a word from everybody's favorite zombie game protagonist, Frank West; ""I've covered wars, you know."""
,Recommended,427190,25576544,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Spiky McMarbles,"Ten years later and I'm still scratching my head trying to figure out how such a goofy, eccentric game also manages to be The Best Zombie Game.Technically, I rate this port 4/5. I'm a little disappointed there is a noticable momentary frame rate drop when you send a bunch of zombies flying (disappointing because it's a 10 year old game running on pretty beefy hardware, a 2GB GTX 960 + 4GHz i7 + 32GB RAM). These moments of slowdown never impact playability though. The textures look a little dated close up, but otherwise the game looks and plays fantastic on PC. Gamepad support is good without any extra trickery.This is one of Capcom's finest, I'm glad to see it on Steam."
,Recommended,427190,28651753,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,weisslightning,"An evolution of traditional survival horror games. Resource management is here, but the resources have unique qualitative values; you might have several pistols but they're worth nothing when it comes to passing crowds of zombies quickly. Figuring out the uses of each item is essential to finishing the game, as is figuring out the routines of the various psychopath characters.Dead Rising has problems, and the level system is the biggest one. That said it's a classic and far beyond the homogenised nothing that has replaced it."
,Recommended,427190,29776380,Posted: 7 February,all,Miss Akira the Spookybutt,"Better than Dead Rising 4 by a country mile. Proving that bigger is not always better.It has its quirks (the terribad AI being one of them) but the goofy gameplay style and getting murdered by a psycho clown are one of the many reasons I shelled out $20 to play this game again.Seriously, pick up this game if you haven't played the first Dead Rising. It's optimized really well and has great PC controls."
76561198029036718,Recommended,427190,29703209,Posted: 4 February,all,JacktheRipper,This is a shockingly good pc port...which is weird when this is capcom we're talking about and most of the series other pc ports have been infamous for being badly optimized among other things. The game runs at 60fps and never crashes on me.....now my only issue is that ♥♥♥♥ing survivor ai....couldn't they of improved on it? It's literally dumber than a mentally handicaped person..at least they know how to get into a fu**ing bathroom!
,Recommended,427190,25500494,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kaiiela,FinallyDead Rising 1 & Dragons Dogma on PC the same year~WowI completed the crap out of this game on 360..Back for more awesomness !On top of that It runs like a dream on PC !#FRANKWEST
76561198052594456,Recommended,427190,25493271,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Synthetic Sole,Solid port with no issues to date. Graphical options are limited but gameplay and visual aesthetic are intact. Good remaster of a great game!
,Recommended,427190,25593715,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,shadunski,Great port. Have been waiting for dead rising to come to the PC for years now. I'm so glad capcom decided to do this. Runs real smooth 10/10
,Recommended,427190,28966071,Posted: 2 January,all,Luisfius,"Never thought I would be able to play this. I had seen some videos about it when it was an xbox exclusive, but I never had an xbox 360.There was a Wii spinoff, which I did not try because back then I was not interested in the series. Just like with other game misunderstandings of how the game was or how it played.Years later, I had read and heard good stuff on a remixed version of the sequel, Dead Rising 2 Off The Record. I rented the PS3 version and...Honestly? I loved it.The humor,  the design philosophy that was similar to Breath of Fire V, where you are not lost if you lose, but you get to try again, the limits it had.And the sandbox mode it added. That was important.Off The Record was my first experience with Dead Rising. And it was enough to make me a fan of the series. OR  at least a fan of that particular entry.Afterwards I ctually LOOKED at how this played, I saw videos, I saw a good LP of it(http://lparchive.org/Dead-Rising/). I started to understand what was done for OTR and why.And then I started getting the entire series on Steam. Or at least I did this year.Dead Rising 2 OTR is  CONSIDERABLY more accessible. The first Dead Rising is VERY strict about what it does and what it wants. The timing to rescue the survivors in the first game is much  more strict than it is in the sequels, but that is how it goes.The first game is  very strict.  Dead Rising 2 eased up the  requirements, even though it  added  a bit more complication with the zombrex, but it was looser, as well as adding new things, like combination  weapons.Off The Record did it again there, and even more, added a mode where the  time limit is REMOVED. The Sandbox mode.Dead Rising 3 removed the photography, which is an element I GREATLY enjoyed in OTR and in this one, but made it more accessible, as well as making the weapon combination more important and flexible, but the focus on having to save survivors and managing a strict time table was made completely optional. It is still a very fun game but  what made the first game so special was diluted by then.On the other hand, that does not make me like it any less. Since I started with one that was  MUCH more  flexible.Dead Rising 4 seems to have removed all of that. Seems like its design is a much expanded  Sandbox mode from OTR.I will be getting that when it gets on Steam.This is a very strict game.It is nowhere as accessible as its sequels.But it is a very interesting experience with a good sense of humor.And you get to dress up Frank/Chuck/Nick/Frank again with a Servbot helmet, I guess."
,Recommended,427190,25500264,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Garog,"A great PC port, runs smooth and doesn't cut corners.Gameplay feels exceptional with the keyboard and mouse, stupidly better than the original Xbox 360 controller (Oh my God I can actually shoot things accurately now).Small changes added, for example save slots for multiple playthroughs and you can now walk around while using the camera! With them added I can safely say nothing noticeable has been taken away, it's just the standard Dead Rising that I fell in love with all those years ago."
,Recommended,427190,31500319,Posted: 1 May,all,Huzzah!,"I first played through Dead Rising when it launched on the 360 and loved it instantly. Playing it again on PC was every bit as satisfying.The controls are a tad weird and the graphics are a little dated but the attention to detail in the world design and gameplay still hold up.I highly recommend this to anyone who isn't sick of zombies yet. Keep in mind this was one of the forerunners of the genre and pulled it off really well, mainly because it doesn't take itself too seriously. A perfect blend of horror, humor and fun.Also that first time you meet the convicts tho...WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLL"
,Recommended,427190,25504825,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Solid Harriet Tubman,"In 2006 I bought an Xbox 360 for two reasons. 1) Halo 3. 2) Dead Rising.  A few years later I got myself my first PC with Steam on it and slowly let my Xbox collect dust.  I still needed my Dead Rising and Halo fix every now and then as my friends laughed at me when I promised Dead Rising would be on PC at one point.  10 YEARS LATER I CAN FINALLY SCREAM I TOLD YOU SO AT THEM.  The port is great although it's odd that the framerate decides to cool off whenever you hit too many zombies in one swing.  Other than that it's everything I remember from the good ol' days. Seriously, though. The survivors are dumber than zombies. I'm not sure how 10 year old me had a monk's level of patience as even at 20 years old I find myself yelling out in pain as I realize that the survivor who was behind me one second ago is now locked in a corner being good-for-nothing and dying even though I sacrificed my last coffee creamer just to get them down a single flight of stairs.I rate this port      ported better than arkham knight / 10"
76561198093922032,Recommended,427190,25562270,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,maddawg2020,"This game has been out for 10 years, it has enough reviews. The real question is, ""is it a good port"". The answer is yes, 60 fps and 4k... The nostalgia is real, although there are a few bugs here and there, the community and Devs find fixes extremely quick."
,Recommended,427190,25489017,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SpeedWeed,"Excellent port, Excellent game. Finally we got to experience this game in 60fps after 10 years. Cant beleieve its actually 10 years from now. Go get it."
,Recommended,427190,34753649,Posted: 5 September,all,Bunta Fujiwara | CapN_Cook,Finally it came to PC.This is one of the games I've played for over 1000 hours on Xbox.The sandbox mode after you finished the game is very very very enjoyable!In my opinion one of the best zombie slaughter games (next to Resident Evil 3 and 4)
,Recommended,427190,25551539,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Greywolf,Come on! Come on! Follow me! Follow me!
,Recommended,427190,25672955,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Juice,*cries* OKAY*cries* I UNDERSTAND
76561197972086586,Recommended,427190,26294253,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Calcetines,"""FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. COME ON. COME ON. COME ON. COME ON."""
,Recommended,427190,25562350,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,AL,I know this mall better than the back of my sack
,Recommended,427190,25557066,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,turtle beach footsteps,the best Dead Rising and the only one that is an actual zombie survival game
,Recommended,427190,27404538,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KingPineapple,"Dead Rising is a series of zombie survival horror beat 'em up video games set in an open world created by Keiji Inafune. It was originally developed by Capcom until Blue Castle Games took over developing the franchise.Graphics- Back in 2006 the graphics for this game were amazing but they have not aged well at all. I personally do not mind graphics as much as I know other people do so this is not a major setbackStory- The story is one of the strong points of this game. It is very good and has lots of amazing plot twists that you will not see coming but it does not do too much. It finds a balence between plot twists and realistic moments to create a very immersive experience.combat- the combat is very fun but can be a bit glitchy with zombies. the combat is very varied due to the plethora of weapons at your disposale. the psychopath fights are arguable what made dead rising famous and this game really shows why! The fights are so much fun and each boss has their own special weakness you need to single out in order to secure the victory.Characters-the characters are very well made. Capcom makes you care about what happens to the characters. I think by far the best characters are the psychopaths because they are so unique and have such great character devolopment even though you only meet them for a brief time.Psychopaths- the psychopaths are great in this game with great storys behind why they are doing what they are doing. In my opinion these are the best psychopaths in the dead rising franchise. From cult leaders to clowns, this game truly has everything you could want from boss fights.Survivors- The survivors are very good character wise. You can see why they are doing what they are or why they were at the mall but the guide system is a bit buggy and glitchy and the survivors are very slow but after 10 years I personally have grown acustom to it and just see it as another thing to make the game difficult. So Capcom, bring it on!Soundtrack- the soundtrack is amazing in this game and has a huge variety for different moments. I think the best music stems from the psycho fights. the pyschos all have amazing songs that suit them perfectly. you really can tell a lot of time and effort went into the soudtrack and it shows!difficulty- the game is just as difficult as it was ten years ago and for me personally I love that! It should not change. The game is hard but not too hard. it is not dark souls it is just hard by nature. I do like to be op and kill everyone but sometimes a bit of difficulty is a great thing.Overall, this game has stood the test of time and is still one of the best games on steam and if you have not already I highly reccomend you snatch it up in the autumn or christmas sales! I would give this classic a 8.9/10. It could be better with certain bugs and glitches that can annoy the player but mostly it hits the nail on the hammer."
,Recommended,427190,25498058,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Santa,"A fantastic port and remaster. Very few changes have been made and those that were can be found on the store page. This game is just as fantastic as it was in 2006, with things looking sharper without going too overboard, as to not ruin the nostalgic feeling it still manages to achieve. I've been playing strictly keyboard and mouse, which works beautifully and runs without any confusion regarding controls. From what I've read, controller support is very optimal as well, allowing for comfortable play either way. If you want to relive the original Dead Rising experience, this will definitely do it for you. If anyone is somehow unfamiliar with this game but has played the other Dead Risings, know this: This one is probably the most difficult, time requirements can be very tough to achieve, weapons are dull but effective, and psychopaths are plentiful and challenging if underprepared. But in my opinion, that is what makes this Dead Rising the best and the most rewarding to be playing again. It builds a true horror/survival atmosphere far better than its successors, and if that sounds like fun to you, pick this game up immediately."
,Recommended,427190,25492960,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,MasterJim,One of the best games I have ever played and was the only reason I got a Xbox360. Well Now it is time for it to be put away because we now have the game on PC BAYBAAAAAAAAY!
76561198066511816,Recommended,427190,30134643,Posted: 23 February,all,Kirby,Buy this instead of that dead rising 4 crap
,Recommended,427190,33484399,Posted: 12 July,all,Puggler,"As somebody who played Dead Rising 2 first, I believe this game is far superior. I just recently finished it and I had such a great time doing so, the story had me immersed, the zombies proved to be a challenge in groups, and the time constraints had me sprinting to make it just in time to a story mission. This game more than holds up today and is probably one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,427190,25489256,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"GOOD PORT. Plays fun. If you liked the original DR1, you should like this."
76561198106939391,Recommended,427190,33632456,Posted: 18 July,all,MrShadowseer,"""I've covered wars, you know""Quality stuff right here! Just finished the game... and I'm impressed. I saw Game Grumps playing the game and Dead Rising seemed enjoyable, but difficult. Yeah, at first the game feels really hard, but it gets easier after a few hours. Some +/- points:+ Zombies are perfectly executed. They don't run! Yes! Also, a zombie is easy to defeat, but beware the horde.+ The story and characters are awesome. I won't spoil the story, please experience it yourself. It is deeper than you think. All the (boss) psychopaths are just enjoyably insane (oh pun)! Especially Chapman. I love Chapman.+ The sense of progress is ever-present. Every level up matters. New moves are really helpful.+ So many great weapons...- ...but so, so many of them are practically useless.- The survivors' AI can be terrible at times. Some survivors may just randomly die (SOPHIE!), if you're unlucky.- Sometimes you just run out of time. Also, failing some missions will permanently remove already saved survivors into the void. Probably not a major problem in later playthroughs.-Some glitches are painful. Please save as often as possible.And some random points (no + or -):*The feeling when you are already stressed out and you hear the Convicts' theme...*Seeing zombies faceplanting makes me so happy for no reason.*Orange juice for gods*Otis is the one friend who doesn't know nobody likes him. Can't wait to kill him in the infinity mode.*Even during the desperate & chaotic times, taking pictures of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s is important.Dead Rising, for a 2006 game, is a masterpiece. Maybe not for everyone, but to me this game is everything I ever wanted from a zombie game. I had a blast. Will play again. 9/10."
76561198014158627,Recommended,427190,25494427,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PromiserOfDeath,"I got the game back in 2007 and enjoyed the hell out of it i even grinded 53,594 zombies for the Real Mega Buster which was worth it cause it could take down a chopper with one - three shots. I was so excited when i heard that DR1 would be coming to PC last week."
76561198059131251,Recommended,427190,30626068,Posted: 19 March,all,Eetterinakki,"Story, character and atmosphere-wise my favorite entry in the series. The main story and boss fights in this one are definitely the best, and it has a good balance where the overall tone is serious, but there's cheesy humor here and there, it feels like a good zombie B-movie.It's more challenging than the later entries, the zombies seem tougher, you can't craft overpowered weapons but you rather have to find them or beat bosses to acquire them, and the achievements in this game are certainly some of the most memorable in terms of how hard they are.Replayability in this isn't just something neat on the side, it appears as if the entire game is meant for replayability, as it's almost impossible to finish everything in one playthrough (or to even complete your first one with a low level character)The only minuses are the obvious bad survivor AI, and this one doesn't have co-op like the later entries. This game takes patience to get into, but it is worth it."
76561198185190082,Recommended,427190,25728260,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ghost Meep,"My favorite zombie game ever since i was a kid!Played it 10 years ago & still had a blast playing it to this day. Although having knowledge of the game already did help with the fustrating parts :DFrom saving hopeless survivors, fighting psychopaths & trying to complete everything while being time based. (Fustrating if you are a  beginner but fun) I'm the kind of person that won't stop playing a game until i completely finish it. Also don't worry if you mess up! Game has a bunch of different endings.Helpful tips:~ Otis pretty much calls you to tell you the location of  every survivor. However there is about 5 survivors you have to find on your own. Mostly everyone never finds these people.~ Every psychopath has a hostage held captive so don't forget to check every room/ride near by.~ Beware of giving the black guy the gun.~ Photograph everything & everyone!  Max photos to have is 30 so lock them in to save the ones you want to keep. Also there is a battery changer on the first store to the right when exiting from the security room. (Was fustrating when my camera died & i didnt know what to do)~ Save often! Game has an auto save when finishing a full case file but you might die a bunch of times before you reach it."
,Recommended,427190,25490297,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,WG | ๖Zavinus ❤,The original and still the best in the franchise.
76561198026118508,Recommended,427190,25490928,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Rofl man,"If you loved it on 360, you'll love it on pc."
76561198043886393,Recommended,427190,25489471,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pootie Wienerfish™,"Great port, at least in my experience. Runs great on both my high end rig and my laptop. Haven't tried keyboard controls, but usually Gamepad is better for Dead Rising anyway. Apart from some crisper textures, though, nothing about the game is changed. Not that that's a bad thing.However, Dead Rising 2/Off the Record is definately the better game. I only really recommend it if you:A) Have nostalgia for this game. Again, it's a great port, go for it if you want to relive this classic. Hell, it's why I bought it in the first place.B) Are a fan of Dead Rising as a whole, and have never played this title before. THis is still a great game and definately worth playing if your a fan of 2 and 3.Apart from that, this game has a massive difficulty curve and lacks the combo weapon mechanic the series later became known for, and no co-op. However, it has Cheesy (but lovable) voice acting, Mega Man references, and of course, Frank ""♥♥♥♥ing"" West. Don't start the series here, I recommend you play 2 and/or OTR first.10/10 Port7.5/10 Game"
76561198061292974,Recommended,427190,25500902,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RosstheBoss0,"I've always loved Dead Rising and couldn't wait for it when I heard it was coming to pc. So considering I already know the game is highly worth getting, I worried about the port.That said, Dead Rising on Pc runs great, not had any issue with it graphically or gameplay wise. The camera occasionally feels stiff with my mouse but otherwise the M&K controls are perfect for playing the game. Graphically the game holds up well actually, I was suprised that it managed to both be exactly the same as it was back in 2006 and yet hold up so well to 2016.Ports to pc from Capcom have been hit and miss but recently I've found their ports keep getting better and this is just another example of that."
76561198056240260,Recommended,427190,32967293,Posted: 28 June,all,DecentDARKANGEL,"very good port. brings back memories from playing this on the 360. if you're a fan of the deadrising series, this is a definite purchase."
,Recommended,427190,25500444,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ronald Villiers,"""I’ve covered wars, you know"""
,Recommended,427190,25488494,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Croissant,"Not just a cash grab attempt, The port is well thought out and made, customizable graphics options, 1080p support Anti Aliasing and intergrated controller support (Which the Dead Rising 2 version on Steam does not have)This was one of my favorite games on the 360 and it transitions well to PC.Any irky controls can be easily changed to they way you like it."
,Recommended,427190,25488582,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Gup,I envy those of who have never played this game and are playing it for the 1st time. Get ready for a thrill ride. Also the best DR game out of the 3
,Recommended,427190,25682169,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Girl Gil,You do know he covered wars..... Right?
,Recommended,427190,34018245,Posted: 4 August,all,Blazing Panda,"If you don't make atleast one PP joke when you play this you are not human.but on a more serios note this game is realy fun and i would recomend it. it's the kind of game that has its little quirks that just make it more charming. the original dead rising in my opinion is the best in the series and this being a port from the console game it is suprisingly well made, and runs great on my lower end pc. i'm realy glad that capcom didn't half♥♥♥♥♥this one and actualy made a good remake of dead rising for older fans to have a nostagia and introduce newer players to the game."
76561198041616566,Recommended,427190,34215106,Posted: 13 August,all,TDLM,"This is an excellent port. The game runs fantastic and looks great.The gameplay is just as great as it was 11 years ago on the Xbox 360.Story is interestingSurvivor AI is still dumb. Like, running into walls while you're spamming ""COME ON, COME ON, COME ON, OVER HERE"" dumb.Some of the achievements are difficult to get, and kinda nuts (Kill 53,594 zombies, or 7 day survivor), and tend to get monotonous.Killing zombies is super fun though.8/10. Would recommend."
,Recommended,427190,33809539,Posted: 26 July,all,✘DANG3R✘,"Dead Rising is possibly the most fun Zombie game I've ever played, and you should play to.There is only a few game franchises I enjoyed over the years of gaming. Halo, Grand Theft Auto, and Dead Rising and before buying this game I haven't played the original Dead Rising in years.I remember having a ton of fun playing this back on the Xbox360 and playing it on the PC doesn't feel amazing or game changing but definently a improvment from the controller, but playing this game felt refreshing from the games I've been usually playing like PUBG or Overwatch.The game isFun, Hard, and Replayable.. I say Fun because it's just simply fun, you have almost everything at your disposal. Every different shop has a purpose and a style that fits with that purpose. Weapons to kill, Food to heal, Blenders to blend food together, Magazines to boost certain aspects of gameplay, and just the random sh*t you can do just because you're able to. Also the weapons serve different styles of killing or stunning bosses and the bosses are hard.I'm saying hard because each boss is hard in their own ways but sometimes they're just stupidly hard and sometimes are not fun playing which is not a good thing. But defeating most of this bosses/""Psychopaths"" are fun to try to beat and once beaten will make you feel good about yourself and will help you in a small or big way with some unlocking areas decreasing travel time or unlocking a shop that sells guns and guns are powerful. But again, hte Boss battles can be very  stupid and will probably make you very very angry.Now I say Replayable meaning it's very hard to do every single side mission, some will change the game and make it easier but doing them may take a lot of time and time is important and that adds to the difficulty to the game because you need to focus on the main mission cases and if you have time, complete a side mission, save survivors to get PP (xp) to increase your skills, health, and damage. But if your time ends for your mission then the whole game is done if you didn't have another save to save you in that time losing moment. And yes you can't just save when ever you want, you need to go to restrooms to save or sleep in a bed at the safe house, and that just adds to the difficulty to the game.TLTR: Gameplay is fun, plenty of weapons to fight with, Strategy, unique boss battles, unlockables, story is alright, characters are good, the game is Comfortably Hard (but sometimes stupid hard), and unique gameplay mechcanics."
76561197986222333,Recommended,427190,25487969,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,NamaGama,"Capcom I freaking love you for this! I finally get to complete my entire Dead rising collection on the pc and wow is this release such good quality. Not only is the 60 fps and max graphics settings so wonderful, its very fluidic in loading and transitioning to cinematics. Keyboard layout is actually very good IMO and make playing without a controller very easy. It doesn't take much to play this game at max settings and DAMN!! Is Jessie ever as hot as I remember her being when I played this game first on Xbox 360, it was the only reason I bought that system too. Thanks again Capcom!"
,Recommended,427190,25500510,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,RX,"Thank you Capcom. Just, thank you so much."
76561198042808601,Recommended,427190,25683616,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Брайан Коупленд,So fun on PC!!! Also not bad at all for a console ported game.The Graphics in 1440p are freaking awesome for an older gameDefinatly my favourite zombie game of all timesWorth $20 in my opinion!!!!
76561197992453605,Recommended,427190,25489383,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,noclip,Plays smooth as silk and still as fun as ever!!
76561198043704073,Recommended,427190,25847243,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dick Sledge,"Been waiting for the PC release of this gem for some time now.Nice to know this world still fits like a glove.A place for everything and everything in its place.Fun fact, for a mind blowing few minutes listen to thriller while playing.10/10 Would F A N T A S T I C again."
76561198054062443,Recommended,427190,25504368,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,jwrath,"After 10 years of staying away from spoilers, I can finally play my most wanted Xbox 360 game!"
76561197990509507,Recommended,427190,28072258,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SuperZK,"Happy to see that this game is finaly on steamand it a great port too, can,t go wrong."
,Recommended,427190,29143112,Posted: 9 January,all,Dr. avocado,"I genuinely feel sorry for anyone who has gotten the achievement Transmissionary, which is the 2nd most bull$hit task you have to do in this game by listening to Otis. I would rather hang this man with my ethernet cable than to listen to another one of his infuriating calls. And it doesn't help that if at one point I cut him off during his speech I fail the achievement entirely.Seruiosly though, ♥♥♥♥ this guy."
,Recommended,427190,25492578,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ThumbsUpAWinkingDog,"THANK YOU!!!Thank you for bringing back my favourite game from the last console generation. Thank you for remastering it in 3440x1440. Thank you for remastering it in 21:9 (not cutscenes, those are still in 16:9). Thank you a well made remaster, excellent fps and looks pretty darn good for a 10 year old game.Thank you, for actually caring to make a well made product. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,427190,27250004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LOL Scorpion,"Dead Rising is the best zombie game i've ever played and it's problably one of the best capcom art yet!The things that make me love Dead Rising are :Frank West Himself! This guy isn't a young, beautiful, strong hero! And that what's make me love him! He's different comparing to many others charcters from capcom! I just love his voice line, such as the ""I've Covered Wars ya know""!And he helped many survivors, beated many psychos, and finded the truth behind all this story!The Music! Music in this game are master piece! Or it's capcom making them, or it's made by other groups! Otherwise, they are all awesome! My favorite in my opinion would be Frank West's theme! It's for me the best song in the entire Dead Rising Franchise!Boss Battle! The Boss, (named psychopaths) are really well found! You can't really execpt who's you gonna fight when you go to the place (execpt for the one who's already finished the game) and that's make the surprise, and that's even better! And all psycho's have amazing theme! But if you ran out of time, and you wanna done with it really quicly, use the Mini-Chainsaws, and you be done! (Honnestly I never use the mini-chainsaws in psycho battles, because I wanna enjoy the actual fight!So if you're looking for a zombie survival game, in a mall, with a photographer as hero! You Knocked at the right door!"
,Recommended,427190,25657248,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Twelve 💜,"I'd like to start off by saying that in my experience, this is a fantastic port. In my honest opinion, this is the definitive Dead Rising experience. DR2 is also a very enjoyable game, however I much prefered Frank over Chuck, he had a more enjoyable personality.The game's achievements are quite straight forward, 5 & 7 day survivor can be a bit of a pain but if you've got the time then it shouldn't pose much of an issue. Same story with zombie genocider, I think I just watched Twitch the entire time ^-^Took me just over 100 hours to complete all achievements. If anybody's interested..."
,Recommended,427190,25491189,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Linblum,The best Dead Rising.
,Recommended,427190,25491925,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,KnightsOfNewell,"Runs like butter, amazing port. still has the clunkieness, and the charm. Couldnt really ask for more from a 10 year old port. Kb/m works great as well does the controller. Dead rising 1 is like riding a bike in terms you dont forget how to level up quick and all the little secrets and tricks. Defintley worth the 20 bucks. ""UPDATE""  after completing the game OT and all, i still stand by my previous statements. Having played so much back in the day kinda takes away from the magic, but regardless first time playing through or a returning vet like myself it is simply magnifecent. Defintley something capcom has done right in the past 10  years. this game, is the best out of the series. it just has a certain shine and touch to it that no other could emulate. frustrating at times, but in the end it defintley reminded me why i played it so much back in the day and why  it IS sooo worth the memories playing through it again. give it a go, at full price or during a sell if you are on edge. thanks for reading my review!"
76561198137168455,Recommended,427190,25491102,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,jontheoverlord,"what can I say about this awesome cult classic?! Fantastic atmosphere, fantstic protagonist, fantastic bosses, fantastic setting. The AI is kept pristinely bad like in the original which I suppose it part of the games unique personality. the writing is bad in a ""so bad it's good"" sort of way, a factor that helps is the good performances by the voice actors. The game is TOUGH, it's unforgiving and unapologetic about it! I'm so pleased this game is finally off the 360 after all these years.also the condition of the port seems to be fine, smooth 4k 60fps, loading times of less than a second, rebindable controls on both keyboard/mouse and controller.there's also multiple save slots, no irritating DRM. A must buy!"
,Recommended,427190,25494436,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,JakMan500,"QLOC nails it yet again. It's a fantastic port of a fantastic game from 10(!) years ago.Easily still the best in the franchise so far, you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't give this game a go."
,Recommended,427190,25491275,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,HEATERSHIELD,"suprisingly an incredible port. day one and it's completely playable :)little to no bugs (from what i can tell), nothing seems to be changed gameplay wise (you better belive that stupid♥♥♥♥♥AI is there),FREEdlc outfits, and it looks amazing.one thing i did notice is that some of the options in the menu don't work properly i.e the v sync (i get crazy screen tearing) and there is no difference between the ""classic"" and ""arcade"" aiming option. (edit: the classic aim type is a slower, more realistic turn and arcade is smooth but looks like he is on one of those rotating platforms)price is alittlesteep for a ten year old game, but i appretiate the hard work that QLOC put into the port and i have been waiting for this to happen for years.i mean, considering how old this game is i'm only going to review the port.BUY IT!"
,Recommended,427190,25500261,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Spicy Kitzi,This is the best thing that happened dead rising 1 comeback on pc and not to mention the really good graphics and gameplay the game is great! and worth the 20 dollars!
,Recommended,427190,25500440,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Erebus,"It's a very well done port, it feels like i'm playing it on Xbox 360 again. Would recommend it to Dead Rising fans who are on PC!"
,Recommended,427190,25491589,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ShanestaDeJones,"Quite the pleasant surprise, I thought this would be an 360 exclusive forever! It's the same good old game we all know and love but runs better and looks crisper than it ever could before. Based on my experience thus far it's a fantastic port with great optimization. Totally worth the $20, especially if it's your first time jumping into this series! (Definitely the darkest of the 3 thus far you'll love it)"
,Recommended,427190,35315092,Posted: 29 September,all,Klef,This is one of them games that you want to like but its just too♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 Survivor AI
76561198099156178,Recommended,427190,25545851,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,LUKE.EXE,i've covered wars you know
,Recommended,427190,25492458,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,DayBroNa,"Ten years. Ten long years the PC community has waited for this. And it doesn't disappoint.Constant 60 frames per second. Load times are non-existant. Runs like a baby's backside. Smooth.Survivors are still dumb as all Hell.I've missed you, Willamette."
76561198306007468,Recommended,427190,31205209,Posted: 17 April,all,RaHtEnSaWsEgE,FRANKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
,Recommended,427190,25489347,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Brutal Burglar,"I've clocked 100's of hours into this game as a kid back in 2006, It's nice to play this game again on my PC with a higher framerate it's definately worth the buy and the graphics still hold up to this day."
76561198171146322,Recommended,427190,29457923,Posted: 24 January,all,Steve_Taro,"This game is dang fun! Even though Dead Rising 2 was doing good with co-op and gameplay system, the story in Dead Rising is more attractive in different way. I love how hard CAPCOM design original Dead Rising when we fight with psychopaths. Run with 60 fps smoothly!! Highly recommend all of you!"
76561198041006076,Recommended,427190,29818189,Posted: 9 February,all,Night,"the classic zombie game you remember from the early days of the 360 has risen from the dead and it has aged pretty well, this remastered fixes some minor issues like making the text more readable, the game play is still a lot of fun useing just about anything you can pick up as a weapon to fend off zombies and psychopaths, speaking of psychopaths they're really fun bosses, and saving survivors gives you a lot of benifits, my only problem is that the AI is still really dumb but other wise this game is still great and gets better with every playthrough."
,Recommended,427190,25488547,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GOWONZU,"The original and still the best!   few minor bugs atm  but nothing game breaking,  give it try if you like the Dead Rising series."
,Recommended,427190,26647215,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lunacy,Excellent game and an excellent port.
,Recommended,427190,25489760,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Plutie Cutie,"A long awaited return to the classic. Zombies. 72 hours trapped in a shopping mall. The scoop of a lifetime. And who could forget everyones favorite unlikely hero, Frank West.He's covered wars ya know."
,Recommended,427190,35030802,Posted: 17 September,all,TheDoctorDonna,"One of my favorite games of all time. Though the controls are a little janky, this game more than makes up for it with it's charm. would highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,427190,25533967,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kuziz,"This is coming from a person who has played it for the first time ever in 2016, never owning the original on the Xbox 360.I must say, the day I heard this is coming to PC I was exhilarated. Having played all the other available titles on PC (2, OTR, 3) I believe this one is the best in the series. I can't say anything about DR4 yet because it's not out.For starters, the first entry in the franchise was developed by the core japanese team of Capcom. Japanese humor and quirks are noticable here and there, and some cutscenes feel that way. It's not bad nor obnoxious though. It's what made this game fun and memorable back in 2006. It has its own charm. It feels and plays very differently from the ones made by Capcom Vancouver (2 and onwards).I think I'll pass on reviewing all aspects of the game as much more professional reviews are available from when the game was released, instead I will focus on the port quality.My experience with the port was flawless. I have used only keyboard and mouse controls which I found to be easy to use and comfortable, but skill moves might be tricky to initiate at first. The camera movement needs some time to get used to, as it feels like you're dragging it around. That ""effect"" can only be disabled for aiming, sadly. There seems to be no negative mouse acceleration either, which plagued other entries in the series on PC, but even on max sensitivity the camera might turn a bit too slow for someone.Eventually one can get used to it, and doing swift movements becomes second nature.I haven't stumbled upon any gamebreaking bugs either, which really made me happy.Game supports 4k resolution, MSAA up to x8, uncapped frame rate, a motion blur toggle, and fully rebindable controls, so most needs will be satisfied.Now the bad things, because this game is not THAT perfect.There is a feature called ""hitstop"", which freezes the game intentionally on one frame when hitting zombies with blunt weapons. It was supposed to enhance the impact of blunt weapons, but for many it can be jarring, especially running at a significantly higher framerate than it was designed for. The effect itself amplifies the more you hit in one swing, making it appear like your game completely freezes for a second if you charge into a group with a bench. Luckily mods will be available soon so it's likely it can be modded out.Even though I haven't experienced any bugs doesn't mean they don't exist. There are multiple reports of the game not launching at all due to lack of a specific Windows update, no audio issues which are apparently fixed by updating Internet Explorer, or higher framerates resulting in more damage taken, even allowing the player to be one shotted. The team is aware of those issues and as far as I know, they're working on fixing them. Apparently those are mostly occuring on Windows 7.I was lucky enough to not suffer from those issues.There's also the problem of the game's infamous really stupid survivor AI. It's so annoyingly dumb that it can make you want to throw your computer out of the window. Just be aware that escorting survivors back to safety will raise your blood pressure.In summary, I dare say this is a high quality port, probably the best Dead Rising PC port that exists in this franchise. I want to thank Capcom for going forward with decision to allow Dead Rising 1 to reach current generation consoles and Q-LOC for doing excellent work on the port. I believe the original experience from 2006 is available here, right now. For 20 bucks you can too cover wars, you know."
76561198045348082,Recommended,427190,25487952,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,💀👻PayOhDay👻💀,"Dead Rising is my favorite game of all time. This new version runs great at 60fps and 1080p. It's a great game for fans of sandbox games and dumb zombie fun. The game takes itself seriously is the right spots, and isn't afraid to have fun in all the other spots. It also includes all the original cosmetic costume DLCs as well. The only negatives in my opinion areThe save system. There is no autosave. You must enter certain areas in the game to save. If you die you must restart from your last save.The survivor AI. They're very hard to lead and like to constantly try and kill themselves.The controls are kind of strange, no moving and shooting gets some taking use to.Overall I look forward to having a blast reliving my favorite game from the 360 days. I think new players will love starting here if theyre new to the franchise."
,Recommended,427190,29105164,Posted: 7 January,all,boog,frank west will eat some chips he found in some bushes but he wont not break a baseball bat
,Recommended,427190,32665574,Posted: 22 June,all,SoBeR,Always better than number 4
76561198281756135,Recommended,427190,32322248,Posted: 10 June,all,Salt Lord,Photo Journalism at its best.
,Recommended,427190,27865270,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Default,"I'm not exactly sure what it is about this game. It could be the nostalgia, this was the first game I got for xbox 360 and the first game I beat for it. It could be just how fun this game actually is, even with all the bugs, nonsensical missions and ridiculous timers for quest I have a special place in my heart for the first game of this series.Frank West was the hero Capcom needed and this is before they ♥♥♥♥ed him up too. This review is for the badge. Play this game, its really good and once you get past trying to make sense of all the ridiculous things going on and learn the mechanics it's surprising how enjoyable it is. I've beaten this game a lot more times than I can count. I got all the achivements on 360 and I'm on my way to 100 percenting it on this amazing PC port. This is an amazing port from CAPCOM like what? I never thought it'd exist. I wish I could go into more detail but words aren't my strong suit."
,Recommended,427190,28129487,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RenderingPixel,"In 2006, Dead Rising was a technical achievement and the sole reason I bought an Xbox 360. It felt like something familiar, but still like something I hadn't played yet. This game has a silly tone to start, but quickly shifts into horror as soon as the malls automated power is cut after close. The atmosphere alone is one to be experienced first hand. By yesteryear's standard, the graphics were goofy, sure, but some of the best I had seen a video game offer on a console. Couldn't read the text too well, but ooh what's that sound? It sounds so good! Hearing glass shattering, the difference in running machines, each slice, dice and every single drop of blood hitting the floor, I can honestly say that this is easily one of the best sounding video games I've ever played. I'm still basking in the aural pool of it's warm waves.But of course the most significant feature was rendering six hundred plus characters on screen at one time without massive dips in frame rate or performance. It was amazing! With Dead Rising, Capcom created a survival horror comedy beat-em up that had introduced RPG elements, photography, time, inventory, resource and human management. It's like, ♥♥♥♥, I can do whatever I want and there's so much to do! Sure, the sequels have opened up the playground, added more in-depth combat systems and packed it all to the brim with more zombies, but the original did it best. It's the simplicity of the gameplay and a variety of activities that helps Dead Rising age so finely, like a nice pack of smokes.Now, old fans and new comers can enjoy this game without having to get an Xbox 360, A decision I was facing a few months before I discovered it's release on Steam. And it runs like my frozen dinner into the toilet. Smooth. Now, if only we can get Saints Row, Conker Live and Reloaded with Halo 2, I might just make myself some bathtub Gamer Fuel. Code Red y'all! Red allert! You gotta pick this up if you're on the fence. It's well worth the twenty bucks. It'll make you laugh, then♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, but don't take it too seriously. This game sure as ♥♥♥♥ doesn't. Enjoy yourself at Willamette."
,Recommended,427190,25538589,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Brüt,"I had somewhat FPS problems with it at first, I figured out how to fix most of through a guide I made.Other then that, it's a great zombie game. Riding off Dawn of the Dead, The game takes place in a mall where pretty much everything is weapon. You go through the game saving other people, taking pictures, and taking on pyschopaths along the way.  It doesn't feature an autosave feature, making progression brutal and unforgiving, if you forget to save and you die. You Restart from your previous save fileOther then the problems at first, the game runs smooth, I run 21:9 2560x1080 resolution which the game does support, but cutscenes are cutdown to smaller sizes. In game menu and HUD are all fixed for high resolutions. The game does run 60fps most of the time. But certain times it does drop doesn to 45-55 fps. It depends on the area.  The game does hold somewhat nostalgic value to me, and for 20 bucks it's a great game. NOT A REMASTER, it does carry bugs over from the 360 version I.E there is a fps drop when using blunt weapons and hitting one/multple enemies, that chops it down to 10fps for a split-second. This has been a problem since the 360 version, How they handle through update is up to Capcom.The game does support controllers. But I am using a generic 360 controller and have had multiple problems with the forward ananlog. It acts like it wants to walk instead of running and thats running at diaganol directions. With the fps drops, it depends on the area, or if I click in left stick.  All that aside the game is great, and I Look forward to beating it on multiple game plays. It does have replay-value and the achievements take a minute to get.  For 20$ and a decent port. It's one of the better Zombie games out there. And if You're like me and want to look back at your teen years of gaming. Get this game."
76561198023080525,Recommended,427190,25590527,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Rickon Tarly,"TL;DR An absolute stand-up port of the amazing original Dead Rising game from Xbox 3609/10Port ReviewThe game has been updated to run at 1080p 60fps and runs smoothly with no performance problems on my rig at all (I'll post my specs at the bottom).It's so much fun to replay through one of my all time favourite games with an updated resolution and performance, my only gripe with this port is that I wish they updated some of the textures to HD versions because running a 10 year old game with some spruced up performance can show how iffy some are.It's a great and obviously cared for port/remaster, especially with remasters of Bioshock being a technical mess and the the Prototype games being a shameful rush job.Game ReviewDead Rising came out in 2006 but it still holds up well today bar a few things, if for some reason you haven't already played this game here's a quick review of the game.GameplayIn my opinion the game is best played with an Xbox controller but I haven't tried too much with the keyboard and mouse controls.The gist of the game is you use whatever you can get your hands on in the mall for weapons and healing, anything from a baseball bat or a chainsaw to a park bench or a bin to throw.  You can find food all around the mall such as OJ or pizzas that will restore health when you eat them.  There are also faster ways to traverse the mall such as skateboards, cars, a motorcylce and shortcuts.In my opinion, the greatest part about the game, hell even the franchise, is the timers.  As you play the game time will tick down as your 3 day wait goes on, each day in game relates to 2 hours of real time.  Over the days you will have various scoops (missions) that will be for survivors and/or psycopaths that are around the mall on different days, once you get the scoop you will see a bar on screen and it will continue to go down until you either find the scoop or you miss it and then the people related to the scoop are gone for the rest of that playthrough.  Getting all of the scoops can prove tough and on your first playthrough you WILL NOT get every one of them, there are even a few unmarked scoops as well.  The game lasts 3 in game days which equates to 6 real life hours, that may seem short but there are various endings you can get for the game, multiple playthroughs is an absolute necessity for this game and one ending may even carry the game on for longer, who knows...There is a levelling system that goes up to 50, when you defeat enemies, perform secret tasks in the mall or take good photos you will be reward with Prestige Points (PP), this is essentially XP and it will fill up a bar until you gain a level as usual.  With every level you gain you will also gain a new skill ability or attribute upgrade, the attributes are:Speed - How fast you can moveAttack - How powerful your attacks are and how much damage they dealLife - How much health you haveStock - How many items/weapons you can carry at onceThrow - How far you can throw thingsThe skills are just moves you can before with a variety of button combinations and can range from things like a backwards karate chop to a very lethal knee drop.The combat itslef isn't too in depth, but it doesn't need to be, basically you just press one button to attack with the items, you can shoot or aim to throw the item by holding another button.  The hand to hand combat is more indepth with another button being used as well as your position to the zombie mattering as well.The main enemies are the zombies that can be found in hordes or just wondering around, they become more lethal at 7PM for around 12 hours and then revert back to normal again.  After 7PM the zombies become faster, more lethal and can be found in greater numbers.The secondary enemies are the psycopaths, these are crazed survivors you will find throughout the mall and function as boss fights.  They each have their own unique attacks and movements based on their character, these can be pretty tough for new players early on as well.There are various survivors to be found throughout the mall in different places at different times, the goal here is to convince them to join you (they may go straight away or need a specific action to be done) and then escort them successfully to the security room, which is like the main survivor safe haven and your main hub for missions throughout the story.  I will say that the survivor AI can be nothing short of infuriating at times, it is incredibly dumb for some of the survivors and if you have a group of them over 5 good luck.  It isn't the end of the world though as some survivors can be absoulutely fine and at the worst you will have to micromanage baby sitting them whilst moving and getting them into the tiny area next to the security room entrance.StoryThe story is played by cases (missions), these will occur at specific times in certain locations and if you are there to trigger it you will be given various tasks to complete, most of the time, time sensitive as well.The story itself is pretty great, the game is a Japanese take on American culture and so some things can come across as bit silly or funny depending on your culture and views.  However overall I believe the story is good and stands up well today, obviously it continues and gets deeper and more intriguing in the sequels (would also highly reccomennd Dead Rising 2) but this is a great first game and starting point if you are looking into getting into the franchise.GraphicsLike I said above, this is a 2006 game from the Xbox 360 ported to PC without any updated textures, sometimes this shows but this game is by no means bad looking.  It was gorgeous back in 2006 on 360 and it still looks nice now.There are a few graphics options to change but nothing too extensive as it is a port for a 10 year old game, nonetheless they are all welcome.PerformanceWith every option turned up to max, playing at 1080p 60FPS, I have had no problems whatsoever, no crashes, no stuttering and no frame drops.  The loading times are lightning fast as well, from massive load times on the 360 to around 2 seconds max on my setup.Here are the specs for my rig so that you can get an idea of hardware it definitely runs well and smoothly on:CPU:Intel Core i7-4770K @ 4.5GHzRAM:16GB Corsair PC3-12800 DDR3BOARD:Asus Z87-PROCOOLER:Corsair Hydro H80i LiquidGPU:Nvidia GeForce GTX 780 TiSSD:500GB Samsung 850 EVOHDD:Seagate 2TB Hard DiskOS:Windows 10 x64 HomeReplay ValueYou will not reach max level on your first playthrough, unless you already know how the game works and make a strict regime to do it you will not.  You will most likely end up in the 30-40 level area by the end of your first run, provided you make it all the way to the end.  The good thing is your level carries on through playthroughs on the same save slot, so you can finish the game at level 37 and start a new game in the same slot and you will start at 37.  This basically enables you to have a constant level 50 character to run through the game, doing different things, getting the achievements some of which unlock great items (Hint:Do Zombie Genocider, it's a slog but it's worth it ;)) for you to use.SummaryOverall I think this is an absolutely amazing game and a classic, I would reccomend it to all and for £15.99 it is a steal.  Yeah it is 10 years old, but don't let that put you off, the game manages to age well and is very fun to play, even today.Gameplay: 9/10Story: 8/10Graphics: 7/10(Only because it is a 10 year old game without updated textures, it still holds up well)Performance: 10/10Replay Value: 10/10Overall: 9/10"
76561197992828613,Recommended,427190,25599623,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Goofy,"im so embarassed, i wouldnt think that i like this game because of the flaws.  I like the game because of its flaws and the replay..   You almost have to replay it again and again while keeping all the benifits of leveling.  You keep you level but you start over and get farther along in the story.  Its really a beautiful experience.  No you will not make it to the end story on first try, may be 10th if your lucky.  Im sorry but i love this game for its so honest in its entertainment value.  Kill zombies............ gotta play some more.......... oh and also boss fights are so cool"
,Recommended,427190,25574911,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Markie,"I love this game, I played it a lot back on the XBOX360. While I love the sequels, Dead Rising 2 and 3, there's just something about the original one. It's finally on the PC!Everything from the characters, the story and the soundtrack everything fits in perfectly and together it created a great game.Maybe it's a lot of nostalgia talking, but that intro sequence togetehr with the music that plays druing that, I love it so much.Gameplay wise, it might not be the best. Sometimes the controls are a bit clunky and some mechanics seem unfair, personally I never was a huge fan of the timed mode, because I always felt stressed during my playthrus, that I wouldn't have enough time to explore it all. But I think the timer is fairly balanced, you do get enough time to explore but at least during your first time playing this game, you will feel stressed out, which I suppose is the point. Second time you play this, you'll get more of a chance to stop and smell the roses so to speak."
,Recommended,427190,25580882,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BHammer,"Brings me back to when I was 16.  We got bad AI who just run into large groups of zombies and die, eating food to get rid of infectious zombie bites and bullet wounds, and driving in the tunnels for 4 hours to get the mega man buster.  Too good."
76561198041656877,Recommended,427190,25607941,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DE GRAAFF,"Every self-respecting gamer should own this classic game. It's weird and it's clunky at times, but it has more atmosphere than you could shake a stick at."
,Recommended,427190,25552309,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Burgyiv,i've covered wars you know
,Recommended,427190,25506013,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Schwifty Swisher,I've waited years for this. I played this game on release 10 years ago. My 11 year old mind could not comprehend what it was seeing. It was amazing. This game holds a special place in my heart and it's very easy for me to pick up and play again. Playing it at 144 fps is a dream come true and I would of tolerated a shoddy 30 fps port (anything to not turn on my jet engine of an xbox 360). This was one of my favorite console games from the past. Happy that it has a new home on PC now.
,Recommended,427190,25506907,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,a moth,"The team who did the Dragon's Dogma PC port once again did a great job of bringing this 10 year old game to PC.  The game allows you to switch between KBM and controller schemes on the fly, and controls are completely rebindable.  Good selection of graphic options, including borderless windowed and choosing between 30, 60 or unlimited framerate.  Entire time I've been playing I have experienced no crashing or game stopping bugs, except for the infamously idiotic survivor AI, which isn't a result of a bad port but more a lack of polish on the original thing.As for the game, the first Dead Rising I played was 2, and I must say the lack of the more gimmicky features of the later games makes DR1 refreshing to play.  The later changes to include more and more powerful weapons comes at the price of making the zombies feel less threatening; one combo weapon in DR3 makes entire zombie hordes a complete joke, letting you simply mash X in large groups and get immense amounts of PP.  Combine that with being able to create said weapon at any point, so long as you have the parts (which get brain dead easy later), and the game loses an incredible amount of tension, making the game a lot more boring as a result.  It's almost a reverse effect: the crazier the weapons and attacks get, the less interesting the game becomes.  In Dead Rising 1 this isn't the case; zombies are a bigger threat due to not having overpowered weapons readily available, and the zombies themselves being more aggressive and not so easy to shove aside, espeically in large groups.  The zombies being an actual threat make the game a hell of a lot more interesting to play.  This is looking waaay far into the future, but if a Dead Rising 5 happens, I only hope the zany combo weapons get toned down so it feels there's at least some resistance to moving around.Like I said earlier, the first Dead Rising I played was 2, because I had never owned a 360.  This port is my first time ever playing this game, and if this port had never happened, I might've never played this game.  Same goes with Dragon's Dogma (although it was on PS3, I'll take 60 fps any day).  I'm very thankful for Capcom putting money into gambling a rerelease of a 10 year old game, and I hope they decide to make more smart moves in the future, either with great port jobs or WHERE THE HELL IS DEEP DOWN CAPCOM"
,Recommended,427190,28965727,Posted: 2 January,all,mondorad,Fantastic!
,Recommended,427190,25491506,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Herbeh,"Such an awesome game. Well optomized, great gameplay, 60fps & 1080p compatible... What more can you ask for in a zombie game??? It's a must have for zombie killin' fans."
,Recommended,427190,25494224,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,TheFossett,2006 Classic brought back to life Well done Capcom
76561198079634735,Recommended,427190,25491205,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Rovhat,Great port amazing job. Now i can relive the games i speant hours on my 360.
,Recommended,427190,25506661,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Lord Scrubulus Maximus,"If the other reviews haven't sold you then at least know this. Frank's covered wars, you know."
,Recommended,427190,25489925,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,CrazyCake,"This plays and feels just like the original version. The higher resolution and framerate just add to the fun. This is what I've been waiting 10 years to play. Want to switch between kb/m to a controller? It's seamless, a really good touch I appreciate from the Devs."
76561198079460449,Recommended,427190,25576956,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Battery Acid,"The nostalgia is enough to make a grown man cry. Seriously though, this port is amazing, and the 1080p 60FPS is enough to make me fall in love with this game all over again. This game is Capcom's masterpiece, and it would be a crime to miss out on it on PC. 10/10, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ I forgot to save"""
,Recommended,427190,33143315,Posted: 2 July,all,ZippingAce0,"By the time of writing this, Dead Rising is a little more than a decade old at this point now and its age shows quite a bit when playing it. I consider this a port being that there is no official mention that this game is a remake/remaster of any sort. I have not played the originally released Dead Rising on the Xbox 360 when it came out but I'm sure that performance, and load times are much better on the PC release than it was on the 360.The main benefit of the PC release of Dead Rising is mostly the fact that the game runs at a consistent 60 FPS without ever dipping noticably below that (or at least from my experience). The only drawback to this port is that it is only a port and problems in the original game are present in this gameIssues in the game include dumb AI in the game where survivors constistently get stuck on objects and refuse to walk around them. Also how survivors may or may not listen to your commands when you tell them to go somewhere and sometimes have the tendency to fight every near by zombie and get killed in the process. The quest arrow in the game is also messy to where it will point you towards walls sometimes and direct to in a suboptimal way towards your objective.These issues were fixed in the later sequels in the series but remain present even in the re-release of the original title. I wouldn't recommend this to be someone's first Dead Rising game, or atleast not post 2016 anyways. If you are new to the series I would recommend Dead Rising 2 or Off the Record, but if you are a Dead Rising fan like me and would like to play the original game despite some of the undeveloped mechanics then you will likely not regret spending your money on this."
76561198040319157,Recommended,427190,33317757,Posted: 6 July,all,"Jeve ""Shameless"" Greenmoon","Here it is: The game that started it all. And by ""all"" I mean ""beating zombies to death with furniture and stuffed toys.""But all jokes aside, for those who aren't aware; Dead Rising is a series of games where the main draw is that you can pick up anything that isn't bolted to the floor and use it to kill zombies, whether it be a park bench, a frying pan, a guitar or a gumball dispenser. As a gameplay mechanic, this provides quite a lot of amusement at first, but once you've had your fun and just want to get through a horde... well, you can still throw that bench before brandishing your chainsaw.Of course, there's more to the game than just mindlessly killing zombies: There are also survivors to be saved, who are about as mindless as the zombies you're fighting. And that's not a joke. The first Dead Rising game features some of the most frustrating survivor AI I have ever encountered. When they're not running straight into a horde of zombies in a poor attempt to follow you, they'll get themselves stuck on each other or fire indiscriminately towards anything even mildly threatening, whether or not you're standing in their way. And they're also really bad at following orders. ""Stay put!"" ""Alright, just let me push this guy over there first!"" ""...Dumbass.""But as stupid as the AI is, you'll still find yourself drawn into the game by the main character Frank West. He's a reporter, in it for the scoop of a lifetime, and he's not afraid to mess with anything that gets in his way to get it, whether it be reluctant policemen or gun-toting maniacs. As if wading through a sea of zombies wasn't already badass enough, he can take on living threats with an equal amount of sass. Think of Bruce Willis in Die Hard, with a penchant for crossdressing and photography, and you have your man.And speaking of Frank, he slowly but steadily grows stronger through a standard character progression system, wherein you earn Prestige Points (PP) through killing zombies, rescuing survivors and taking dramatic photographs. Granted, once you've maximized Frank's power, the whole photography thing can become sort of redundant, save for a few instances where survivors will ask for something related to it... or for getting achievements I guess.The story is pretty generic, but it serves it purpose, and it puts pressure on the player to keep up an unrelenting pace. For in this game, you can get certain cues from the helpful janitor Otis to guide you towards both important events and survivors in trouble. Just don't interupt him when he's talking, by being grabbed by a zombie for example. He doesn't like that! And make sure you get there as quickly as possible, because there's a time limit to just about everything, including the chance to get out of there!All in all, if you're a fan of smashing zombies, you're gonna like Dead Rising. Just remember that it's rough around the edges like most games from its days, and you'll be fine. Also... Watch out for Adam. He's one creepy dude..."
76561198078642964,Recommended,427190,25490239,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Eskco,"From Xbox 360 to PC, this game is still amazing. 10/10 One of the best zombie games out there."
,Recommended,427190,25520793,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Naked Beekeeper,"you can drink an entire gallon jug of coffee creamer, that's pretty dope"
,Recommended,427190,25613460,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Parrots,"I loved everything about the game.If you beat Dead Rising 2, OTR and 3 well those were easy modes.Play this one for the true challenge and fun.Let me warn you about the one trouble though. Survivor AI."
,Recommended,427190,28966394,Posted: 2 January,all,Keltrain,"A personal favourite of mine on the Xbox 360 and I was ecstatic when it was announced on PC, plays like an absolute dream and the developers have not changed a thing about the game, which is a good thing as it is perfect the way it is, when you play this, it is the exact same experience I had playing it on the Xbox 360 a decade ago. Recommended."
,Recommended,427190,26963234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LateralDragon,10 years later and still a fun experience
76561197991030365,Recommended,427190,27458783,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[Sac] Sephiroth59132,"""I've covered a BGE you know !"""
76561198258032077,Recommended,427190,25489696,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dennis,AMAZING PORT!!! omg YES. still crappy AI tho. 10/10
,Recommended,427190,25491035,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,セイバー VS7,"So, Frank West? What's the next step in your genius plan?Covering this war.With no survivors!"
76561198193275387,Recommended,427190,25844508,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Felicia Sexopants,The black guy hasn't died yet10/10Edit: This a great zombie game.  Beware the AI and time management though!
76561198011092280,Recommended,427190,25956688,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Habitualcloud,I've played loads of hours on 360 years ago and came back to an experience just as fresh as I remember playing the demo from Xbox Live.- classic dumb shamble zombies- real time and completely optional story-line- multiple endings- campy dialogue- quality voice acting and motion capture- impressive character textures- time management gameplay that prepared me for college- visual design that has stood the test of time- atmospheric with a solid variety of locations- old school save system- fantastic optimization- load points are frequent but load times are practically nil- photography mechanics are fun- signature Capcom inventory management madness- plenty of typical and atypical weapons to choose from- ridiculous costumes carry over into cutscenes for absolute lunacy- bursting to the seams with classic influences and homages- salacious Japanese humor is unbridled- pointed and irreverent jabs at American culture- full mouse and keyboard functionality but some awkward menu controls- hair-splittingly terrible A.I. decision-making and pathing- high replay value- psychopath encounters are entertainingThere are few games I recommend as highly as Dead Rising.
,Recommended,427190,26071819,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lucky the Leprechaun,The game plays goodFrame rates are goodStory is goodVoice acting is ham and cheese and i love itOtis is still annoyingThe AI is still annoyingLove playing this at a higher resolution and the keyboard controls are goodGood Job for the good port
,Recommended,427190,28841107,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Graysonn,"Dead Rising, originally an Xbox 360 release title (well, around that time at least) was a zombie game before the zombie craze went off the rails. Nowadays we have co-op campaigns like Left 4 Dead to apocalpyse survival games like H1Z1. But Dead Rising (along with Resident Evil to an extent, where the focus was less on zombies and more on horror) is where it all started and it's influence is absolutely felt in every zombie game today regardless of whether or not you played it. It's intelligent game design and time based gameplay make for an extremely challenging and fun experience where gameplay decisions and skill come hand in hand.You play Frank West, a photojournalist trying to uncover a strange ongoing mystery happening at a mall in a place called Williamette, a town somewhere in Colorado. He's covered wars you know, so he organizes a helicopter pickup 3 days after he is dropped off in which he'll enravel the mystery that is going on and learn the dark secret of what is causing the zombie outbreak and make his escape.As far as stories go, it's as Japanese as you would expect. The lipsync quite frankly is terrible, and you can tell English was a second thought and no effort was made to try and fix this. It's definitely immersion breaking at times but the voice acting here is surprisingly pretty good. The actual mystery itself is pretty compelling and has, while not subtle at all, a pretty disturbingly true message about first world countries and human consumption. The psychopaths that you meet along the way (boss fights) are again, surprisingly intriguing. They all have a specific way of fighting meaning you have to adjust your playstyle slightly in order to combat them which can be quite tricky if you aren't prepared. What's most surprising is the in which these psychopaths are humanized, making you feel sorry for killing them. Cliff especially has a pretty sad story along with one or two others. Of course, there are genuine crazy people who do crazy things because they're crazy but I personally feel that there should have been more emotionally moving psychopaths as opposed to insane people who act in anger for no reason.As for gameplay, like I mentioned in the beginning of the interview, time is everything. You really need to manage your time effectively if you want to be able to save all the survivors and unravel the mystery of the outbreak which for most people causes the most frustration. Personally, I think these people are misunderstanding why that is such a good mechanic, it forces you to learn the paths of the mall, where the food is, where the best weapons are, what's the best way to approach a case and so on. Dead Rising is a game MEANT to be played more than once. You will succeed, then fail, but you  will always learn from your mistakes. I think the complaints are from people who just need to, quite honestly, git gud. That being said, the things this game does wrong are quite bad.The worst, without a doubt for me, is the AI. The AI half the time get caught on stupid pieces of terrain or stop moving after defending themselves from a zombie attack. Infact, the AI is SO BAD that it's actually easier to carry the injured survivors through a horde of zombies than an able bodied one wielded with a gun because they will not be able to run past all the zombies and rush to the saferoom without getting attacked or failing to defend themselves. This is where the game shows it's age, as well as in the shooting controls. The shooting controls are simiarly like Resident Evil 4, except funnily enough, less clunky as you can move a full 360 degrees which you can't do reliably in Resi 4 without turning your character the whole way.That said, even with the frustrating AI, the game is still a lot of fun. The amount of weapons in the game is insane for a game made in 2006. It has more weapons than Left 4 Dead 2 for christ sake, although not all of those weapons are neccesarily 'good', but they are actual weapons that can be used.  There's just something hilariously unique about shoving a horse head mask on a zombie then using a bowling ball to 'strike' them down. All the survivors have different personalities and while they can be annoying to escort at times, it's really satisfying getting a group of survivors to the safehouse and be rewarded for it. What's great is that you can get through the game just fine ignoring them at all but the game makes you feel guilty with it's bright red 'JASON SMITH HAS DIED' in big bold red writing as well as their screams for help that you can't help but feel you have to. The game rewards you with PP (haha pp...ugh) which is basically XP that let's Frank level up and improves how fast he walks, how much damage he does and how many items he can carry.One of the most unique things to the character of Frank West is that he's a photojournalist, which means you'll be taking pictures of the events that happen. Certain specific moments like two family members reuniting can give you a ton of PP if you manage to snap a moment of it at the right moment as well as more perverted photos like taking a picture of a zombie womans cleavage (god damn it Japan). These don't feel gimickly at all and it flows really nicely. I found myself taking pictures of things that wouldn't neccesarily give me a lot of PP but I would take them anyway because I thought the image was just super cool.With that all being said, Dead Rising is a fun game that sometimes requires you to wrestle with the mechanics a little but is absolutely worth it's price in challenge, story and exploration. It's a game made 10 years ago that is still miles ahead of games being released today, as pathetic as that is. If you're looking for a game that challenges your timing and skill or if you're just looking to see how zombie games got started, this is definitely a game you want to pick up."
,Recommended,427190,25494324,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Doctor Mosquito,"Great port, game runs buttery smooth on my potato PC. Not to mention it's the best game out of the entire series."
,Recommended,427190,25492116,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mufausa The 3rd,"Playing this game makes me sad, as I feel it's one of the last few Capcom games that have that legit Japanese charmn in it before they decided to go full out Western. Honest truth, if you're gunna complain about the lack of running and gunning in this game. You really shouldn't be getting this game at all. However, you should support this game as it's probably gunna be the last good game that Keji Inafune will have on PC. My play time might not speak much here on Steam. But trust, this game is what caused my 360 to red ring (A week before Christmas...) and I know that this game is great. As for the port. It's Capcom's MT Framework. Go play Resident Evil 5 and you'll understand exactly what I'm saying."
76561198042005278,Recommended,427190,25605162,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hey Sonny,"""WHAT'S HAPPENING?""*sob*""I UNDERSTAND""*sob*""WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?""10/10"
76561198052722118,Recommended,427190,32912564,Posted: 27 June,all,Rogue Of'Engrend The XXXIV,"This is by far one of my favorite games to ever release. I had enjoyed the game originally when I had played it on the Xbox 360, and nw that I got a bit more of the jist of the game, I was able to enjoy it to a full extent. If you want to play a game that I feel revolutionized the Zombie gaming genre, look no further. This game is worth every penny in my book."
,Recommended,427190,25620613,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Max Payne,"I don't know what to say, the game is still as good, even after all these years!controls are very smooth, the game runs nice, and we still got Frank :3"
,Recommended,427190,28789098,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Swungsty,*Leisure Park Convict PTSD*
,Recommended,427190,25507484,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Souzooka,"Dead Rising is a classic game for the Xbox 360, and this port keeps all gameplay mechanics intact although the KB+M control scheme is less clunky than using a controller. I highly recommend the game, but for a more in-depth review I would recommend looking on Google or YouTube. However, keep in mind that these reviews are for a 2006 game and may not mention some inconveniences such as Otis constantly calling you or the survivor AI being poor. I should note that this is a port and not a remaster like some people are saying, but it still looks beautiful for what it is.About technical notes about this version of the game:Pros:*True unlocked framerate (no FPS cap at 120 like DR3)*21:9 native resolution support.*Great performance, solid 144hz@1440p w/ 8xMSAA with an i5 2500K CPU, nVidia GTX 1070 FTW GPU - should run on about any computer out there, certainly much better than the DR2/DR3 ports.*Remappable controller and KB+M controls.*Texture filtering and MSAA options.Cons:*MAJOR: It appears that some boss attacks do more damage at framerates above 60, such as some of Adam's and Cliff's attacks, even to the point where they can oneshot Frank.*Game requires admin permissions to save properly, although some users are reporting that this game doesn't save even with permissions.*Controller controls are clunky (like the original) and unfortunately remapping can't do much to help this.*Mouse aim is floaty, the player model will change orientation with the mouse but the camera and reticle take time to catch up, there seems to be heavy camera smoothing.*Some of the item/weapon icons in the HUD have bad aliasing on them, and the some HUD textures are slightly blurry.Would recommend at the price of $19.99 or less."
,Recommended,427190,25625468,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Erohwnam,"Don't cut me off like that, it's rude! Anyway, here's what i was sayin': After many long years it finally came to PC and gotta say it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! (except those goddamn stupid survivors.) No more 30fps and bad controls"
,Recommended,427190,25490541,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Wall Crouton,"A great port. So far no bugs or glitches, and no optimization problems that I can see. It took 10 years to finally get, but it was worth it. Brings back memories."
76561198281258107,Recommended,427190,25516196,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,CarnageAsada,Don't try to rescue the survivors if you're annoyed easily.Don't try to rescue the survivors if there's a psycho to fight.Don't try to rescue the survivors if you're waiting for the main story.Don't try to rescue the surviors if you have nothing to do.Don't try to resuce the surviors.10/10 Winner of the Most Impossible AI Award
,Recommended,427190,35213802,Posted: 25 September,all,ML1996,"I really do like this game! I think that it has aged really well since the game is about 11 years old as of 2017. I love the slow-moving zomibes more, since the beat-em-up style is more my thing!PS. One con is the TAKING FRIGGEN PICS! I hate that you have to do that at points in the game....ugh! Annoying, but otherwise great!"
,Recommended,427190,25500091,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Prince Derply,"PC port of DEAD RISING is very well done. As for the game, if you haven't already played or heard of it somehow in your life I would heavily recommend it. An all time favorite on the xbox 360 and now it's on PC with higher resolutions and FPS? Only for $20?Definitely buy this, regardless if you're either a returning fan from xbox or a new player who didn't get the chance previously, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,427190,25509343,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,4scoops{CMON},YOU'RE IN THE WAY OF MY SHOT KID
,Recommended,427190,25499003,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Teh Un1c0rn,"the gameplay is decent, graphics arent that bad and the ai is.... questionable, notably the boss fights are massively ramped up in difficulty and the game doesnt autosave and savespots are few and far between. but overall its fun as long as you remember to save EVERY time you see a save point"
,Recommended,427190,25499031,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,WaRLocKTheoRy,"If you are like me and always wanted to take calls all day from a pushy janitor, HERE IS YOUR CHANCE!P.S. Don't cut him off, it is rude!"
,Recommended,427190,26895049,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marcus Parsons,"Looks just as good and plays as it did 10 years ago, now in 4K 60FPS"
76561198003218527,Recommended,427190,35457617,Posted: 3 October,all,Alma,"Crazy, funny, frustrating and disturbing at the same time...11 years later and remastered, this game is still epic..."
,Recommended,427190,33207322,Posted: 3 July,all,Burka ninja,classic
76561198079957734,Recommended,427190,35431227,Posted: 2 October,all,Pineapple Jesus,"A timeless classic.Slaughter the undead, fight psychos, save babes and take pictures of your awesome moments.One word..FANTASTIC!"
,Recommended,427190,25497864,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Res,"It's the best Dead Rising but on PC, with probable mods, better visuals, controls and all the like."
76561198043998750,Recommended,427190,28818411,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RamonaReason,I played this game back when it originally came out on Xbox 360. It was a good game then and its still a good game now. Hella challenging and hella fun. If you can pick it up for cheap I definitely recomend it just for some zombie killing fun.
,Recommended,427190,25523160,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Shalashaska,I am so stoked that they just made a good port for my favorite zombie game of all time. Buy this game if you like zombies and hard achievements. I remember having all of them on the 360...*contemplates doing it again*
,Recommended,427190,26959651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eelitist,Frank West is a god among men and you should aspire to be just like him.
,Recommended,427190,25497658,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,MEME NAME,"WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL HE AINT MY BOYMemes aside, its a good game, a bit pricey considering its age though.The ports well done, I can only think of one thing that causes me to go below 60 fps (gtx970 btw) and thats when I look in a certain direction from a ceratin position in the security room, which likely is a glitch and doesn't effect actual gameplay because no gameplay really happens in there.The graphics hold up pretty well, I think they made them look better for the port too."
,Recommended,427190,28168354,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chroma,"As i have played the original version on Xbox and the others on Playstation (Except DR3) you can say i have some experience with the Dead Rising Franchise. As this is my review i do not intend you to spend any money on these games however if you are intrested in the games i review and think its worthy of buying then go ahead. I will try not to be biast to the pros of this game as no game is perfect but here is my opinion...Let's Start with the Pros :Very Classic GameMust Have for Zombie Lovers :DHave all achievements and some were a pain to get so makes it challenging and enjoyableKeeps to the base gameImproved GraphicsAll DLC UnlockedMods :D60FPSIn my Game Survivors are good but as some people complain they're being the same as Xbox i will put this as a con as wellSame StoryEasy to runAdam The Clown is in 1080p ;)Cons :Survivors can be useless and be buggy like in Original VersionSpecial Forces are still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥When using Weapons such as Sledgehammer, frames will drop :(Many bugs (Only ran into few myself)-------------------------------------------------------------Not as many Cons but this game is so addictive and fun, but so many ♥♥♥♥ing errors can make it terrible.As i have unlocked everything and all achievements in the game it never gets boring for me evenwith things as OP as the Mega Buster and Lazer Sword, because it makes it very easy but itry put a limit to them to make it more enjoyable.In Conclusion if you are a big fan of the series then you should get it (Mainly if you have not played it before)Personally i would choose this over Dead Rising 2 and OTR but just a opinion.Also if you are a fan of killing the Undead get this and there will be no regrets..."
,Recommended,427190,25489838,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Vermilion Wlad,"I've covered wars, you know!"
,Recommended,427190,27024474,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jess💜,Brings back memories of no-lifing this on xbox 360 years ago.
,Recommended,427190,25506032,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,steakfries,"WELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLHE AIN'T MY BOY BUT THE BROTHER IS HEAVYGAVE AWAY MY POSSESSIONS AND MOVED INTO A CHEVYVAN, YEAH, THAT'S THE MASTER PLANDRIVE INTO THE WOODS AND EAT CORN OUT THE CAN"
,Recommended,427190,25505675,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Favela Thrasher Yampi,"""C O M E O N"" ""T H I S W A Y"""
,Recommended,427190,25496871,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Guitar Smash,"Dead risgin – dead flyingcHAPTER 1 – terrier at 3000,00 feetchuck west who was a busness man was was a business man on a plane going trip for washing ton to meat the president on and important businessman meeting in Washington.""mister presetant I am comng to meat you we hav important business meatings to discus"" said chuck and then he went on plane and was flying to washinngtown.the plane aws flying throu the sky like berd and when he it was fly suddenly it was hit by LIGHTENING BLOAT and theplanes flying systerms was hurt and the plan was crashing down""oh no the plane is crash!"" said pilot and the plane was crash fast so not a lot of time left""i've have covered wars you know"" said chuck west who was'in the♥♥♥♥♥♥pit and was hepling flying the plane so it wouldn'not crash an also fix the bcaus he was also mechanchic with tools""good busnis men alwas have controlls of the sichuation!"" sed chuck west and then he handed back the planes to pilot""thanks chukc west you are hero of as all!"" said plane and chuck west was proud that he had safed lives foreverCHAPTOR 2 – WHAT IS ZOMBYS?chucks west was sit in chair and relax aftor save plane from crash and was fun and happy listen to music on mp3 player and was give freef ood and drank from planes staff for save all.""thanks you dont have to does this i am not hero I am jsust buiseness man who want help"" said chuck west and the other passanger was still happy""nonesense chuck west you are hero and save us all for ever our lives and deseerv this tretments"" said chewardsess [arthus not I dont know how tospell that word i think i didn't rite but im not sure but keep reding bcause now it gets god] AND THEN THERE WAS ZOMBY BEHND HER!the zomby bit the schewartsess and she yelled ""OH NO NOW I AM A ZOMBY TOO"" and then she was a zomby aswell and the pasengers on the plane werer aslo tuning in to zombys becase there were more zombys on plane!""WHY ZOMBYS ON PLANE?"" yell lady as she was bite and turn to zomby and chuck west had no time to answer why zombies because was cornred in plane by zombys and one was a little kid zomby [arthrs noet there arnot kid zobmy in game it is orignal cariter i hope u enjoy it in my storey }CHUCK WEST HAD TO KILL ZOMBY FAST BECause was cornerd and had to figth his was out ouf zombys and he killed one with chokeslam bcause he was wrestler and then he kill other zombys with breifs case becauas was also a buiness man and.""case close"" said chuck west becaus it was a joke because he kille with brifcase.Chuckwest had to go to cockpit beccase pilot had get to him to safety and was plane zombys. but zomby was lots in between chuck and door to ♥♥♥♥♥ bit and so he had fight some more thruogh the isisles to get to DOOR this won''t be easy"" saidchuck and he fight through zombies and get to door and was strong fighterCHAMPTER 3 – dead airplaneChuck west get to cockpit and pilot was okay and he say ""chuck west hello thanks for saving us"" and chuck west pointed at door and sed ""no time for thanksing me now pilot these plane is now alredy ZOMBYS""so pilot was scar of zombys and chuck had to gard tdoor so no zomby get in</p><p>the planes was almsost make it to plane airport in washing towns and nighthmares would amosot be overf for ever once if they got there""IF we got there"" said chuck west and he was being pessomsitic and had keep door close because zomby were outside door and banging and want get in becsauce alive people out in♥♥♥♥♥♥spit.then suddanl y a zomby fall through roof of airplan in cockpete and atack pilot! and chuck west punch zomby head off and look at pilot who was become zombie slow and ask him ""are you all rite?"" asked chuck west""no i am die and be zomby chuck west you must save plane and get to washingtone the precedent needs to kno about zombys on plane"" said pilight and then died and was zomby!chuch west use boxing lgoves punch pilotzomby heads and move fast to get plane before crash again! BUT DID HE MAKE IN TIM?CHAPTER 5 – dawns of the deedchuck west save airplane and get off and safe and with brifcase and a zomby team of zomby kill merchentarry men meet him outside plane""where are zomby?"" ask merchantery leader ""we had to kill them""""in plane"" said chuck west and walked away and merchenery walk into plane and all zombys alredy dead by heads punch off and it was chuck west killed them before get off planes because so strong.chuck west met wtith president next day""misteer west I need to talk about with you abot our secrets opreration... cod name: zombyTHE END.....?"
76561198170905358,Recommended,427190,34208546,Posted: 13 August,all,xXx-MooNzaN-xXx,I was 7 years old when I played this game in 2006 and playing it again with 1080p and 60 fps is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.2489 Killed/10
,Recommended,427190,33192663,Posted: 3 July,all,Jacket,Cult classic spawned 3 spinoffs and 3 sequels.Great overall.
76561197996609012,Recommended,427190,25499654,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Calswei♔,-See's 'Out of Control' side mission-Remembers it's a boss fight so weapons up and saves before starting the mission-take 6 trys killing the boss-save survivor being held hostage by boss-survivor runs into crowd of zombies and I die trying to save him-reload save.. have to do whole boss fight again10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed by the Survivor AI again
,Recommended,427190,32702277,Posted: 23 June,all,Scar,"Simply amazing. I have played and beaten  it on the Wii, Xbox 360, and now on the PC.This verison is the best of them all."
76561198120066207,Recommended,427190,27341458,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,It'sYerBoiardee,"Just admit, some of you are doing reviews for the task in steam nominations"
,Recommended,427190,25503862,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,sabishii,"Solid, no frills port. Exactly what I wanted!"
,Recommended,427190,25503889,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,FuscusNight,"Fantastic port that runs silky, smooth without any issues.It's pretty much the same Dead Rising experience we got back in 2006, just running in a higher resolution and 60+ fps.They did fix/improve some things, for an example you get the level 2 speed upgrade much sooner now which is great, you can have multiple save slots too and some of the rare crashes that were present in the old 360 version have been fixed according to other players.Also, the game supports Playstation 4 controllers, even has button prompts and everything which is a big plus for me since i love using the Dualshock 4 controller more then my old 360 controller. This is something that has been happening more and more often and i hope it continues and i appreciate it a lot when a developer adds proper DS4 support for their game.However, the friendly AI is still terrible, even the brain dead zombies probably have a higher IQ level then the survivors you'll be escorting. I wish this got fixed since this was one thing i did not really wish to re-live again, yeah sure it's sorta the trade mark of the original but it is a major flaw that should've been fixed and not preserved just because of nostalgia's sake.Overall it's awesome, it's the good ol' DR1 which is still so far the best one in the franchise and now it's finally on PC with 60 fps or higher and up to 4k resolution support.Shame it took pretty much 10 years for it to finally hit on PC but better late then never.[ In case anyone is interested on what hardware i ran the game here it is : i5 4670k 3.40 Ghz, 16 GB DDR3 RAM @1866 Mhz, 760 GTX 2GB, 1TB WD Black HDD, Windows 10 64-bit.Graphics : Shadows on Max, Resolution 1920 x 1080 , MSAA 8x, 16x Anisotropic filtering, Motion Blur ON, Vsync ON, 60 FPS cap.Never experienced a single drop below 60]"
,Recommended,427190,26153780,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,King_Bushie,"The story of a photojournalist finding his sexuality in a desolate zombie infested mall.wait, that's not the story?what the ♥♥♥♥ i was lied to"
,Recommended,427190,26282363,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,J_vemp,"The TRUE zombie survival experience.My history with Dead Rising is an odd one. While I never owned an Xbox 360, I did watch a 100% let's play of it (Shouts out to OatmealRaisin). So my perspective with the game is different than someone going into it blind.Since I had seen the Let's play years ago, while I didn't fully remember all the details I knew a general plan of what to do. So while this was my first time playing the game for real, I was able to get the true ending in my first playthrough.Now if you've never played Dead Rising before, or don't even know what you do in the game it's simple:You’re in a mall with zombies and you either do missions or mess around killing zombies. But why is there the reputation of the game being confusing or overly difficult to beat? Well it has to do with the time mechanic.There is an in-game timer, counting down for the end of the game. Missions as well have a time limit to them and appear at specific times. Sometimes there’s even hidden missions at certain times you'll most likely miss too. This whole timing mechanic adds stress and tension onto the player to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥done quick. For people who want a pleasant sandbox stroll through a mall this is the turn off for the game, but the timer is what makes the game special from any other zombie game. Sure the zombie horde isn't too much of a threat to you, but if you want to save all survivors especially during some clutch situations than may lady luck be on your side. Cus the timer will show you that there are no heroes in a zombie apocalypse, unless they are in megaman armor.But the survivor AI can be annoying. They will go to waypoints pretty well, and they can handle themselves when they have a good weapon, but they can freak out to a frustrating degree if they are following you.The tone of the game is very Japanese. Meaning while there's really weird dumb humor and dialogue, everything is treated seriously. Which in turn makes it pretty funny. I think it's a fine enough middle ground, allowing the player to say be in their underwear during cutscenes if they really want to.The size of the mall isn't actually that big. It may feel big at the start when you are at LVL1 meaning your walk speed is slow (yes, there is no sprint in the game unfortunately, but there are some alternatives) and you have no shortcuts, but once you learn the layout it's pretty easy to get around. Since it was the first console game to be a sandbox game with like 50 NPCs on screen at once, some sacrifices had to be made. While there are a couple unique landmark shops, in general the stores are tiny and have a couple items lying around. It makes exploring the landscape alone not that exciting cus it can feel samey, but technically they do want you to find hidden items and missions instead.Dead Rising, while old console gen-wise, gives a zombie survival experience you can't really get anywhere else.PC PORT REPORT: Runs fine. It looks like a 360 game, and that is what you’re getting. An ""issue"" you may face is when you hit stuff with a blunt weapon there is ""hitlag"". AKA The game will appear to freeze for a moment, looking like the game is stuttering when on contact. This is an intentional feature of the game and was in the original as well. I'm hoping for a patch that'll give an option to turn it off, but honestly it's probably the biggest downside to the game.GENERAL TIPS AND ADVICE:*USE THE WAYPOINTS FOR SURVIVORS! Put a waypoint at whatever door your heading to and they'll actually be able to navigate through the zombies.*Survivors have infinite ammo so, especially if you're trying to move a big crew, give them some guns.*Make sure to do the Out of Control scoop. The rewards are invaluable.*Colombian Roastmasters has infinite orange juice, stock up!*Servbot mask = epic cutscenes."
,Recommended,427190,25509738,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ersch,ive been waiting for this port for FOREVER! glad to get back to my favorite Dawn Of The Dead inspired game.
76561198090635408,Recommended,427190,34317687,Posted: 17 August,all,Femto,"So I just bought this game full price, played for a bit, then later on I find that there's a new capcom sale that very same day.... three dead rising games for only 16 dollars. I wasn't even able to get a refund. Rip. Still a great game"
76561198147319784,Recommended,427190,35008658,Posted: 16 September,all,ok,"Worth $20. If you've played it a decade ago, you won’t regret playing it again. If you’ve never played it before, I don't think you will enjoy it. It's challenging on purpose and by accident. There is no changing the difficulty, either. So, learning the AI algorithm and abusing it is the only way to have an easy time, how it should be!More content than most people give it credit. I have not had any issues with performance @1440p. I put this game in the category of ‘modern classic’ nostalgia games, 2000’s. This and other games like Roller Coaster Tycoon and Ty the Tasmanian Tiger would be slightly older recommendations. The originals are always the best.Cons:-Controls can be clunky-AI can be hopeless-Can be very difficult/frustrating-Time-based objective rush-Survivors don’t shut upPros:-Unique game-Classic creativity-Rewarding/Satisfying-Rebindable controls, even for controller-PlayabilityThe PC port itself is very good, bascially perfect.Thanks for reading my short review.Do you have any ‘modern classic’ recommendations available here on steam?—ok"
76561198159935531,Recommended,427190,34354405,Posted: 19 August,all,animal secretary,"i got this game back in 06 on 360 when i first got it and i still think about it every single time i walk into a malljust finished 72 hour mode and have had no problems other than having to uninstall vJoy because of camera issuesif you've played the game before you know the aiming is trash but mouse support fixes it, psychopath combat feels so much faster, you can get in shots far quicker which helps with some of the more frustrating bosses like isabelaits a shame they trashed the series as hard as they have but atleast we get a good port of this masterpiece"
,Recommended,427190,25499175,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ryuji,"This was literally the only game that kept me going on my 360 and now that I have it on PC, I have no need for it.Gameplay: It is from 2006, so it plays a little wonky but it overall works. You can use many stuff as weapons, down to chainsaws and even sex toys. The plot isn't too engaging, it's rather just a terrorist that unleashed a zombie virus and you're inside a mall. Which brings me to the local, I personally love the idea of being trapped in a mall with only food and weapons. It adds to the survival feel and Capcom captured a great essence when it came to the survival feeling of this game. Better than Resident Evil I'd say.The music is quite unforgettable. You got typical mall music, nu metal, weird electronica and industral sounding metal. I remember all these tunes like it was yesterday."
76561198140754085,Recommended,427190,26287803,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Yu Narukami,"i never played this before cause it was only on the xbox but  have too say really great much more better than chop till you drop and its totaly worth buying, 10/10"
76561198083826333,Recommended,427190,25489024,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hugo Stiglitz,FAN-TASTIC
,Recommended,427190,25521892,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Daryan,childhood
,Recommended,427190,25504324,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Thicc Duck,rip Ctrl key
,Recommended,427190,29149279,Posted: 9 January,all,SpookmanYo,"If you don't mind the conveniently written story, the horrible true ending that adds more questions than answers. Clunky boss mechanics that make boss battles extremely infuriating. Especially the final boss. AND the mentally handicapped A.I. Then I would recommend this game. It was the only game that made me want a 360 back in 2006, and being able to play it again on the PC is definitely cool. I like the game overall but it has some objective flaws that need to be acknowledged."
,Recommended,427190,34009224,Posted: 3 August,all,Stupid Child Simulator.,Still just as good as it was 10 years ago.My only complaint is that I can't buy the OST too.
,Recommended,427190,33256935,Posted: 4 July,all,Irmachan,Same as the orginal but improved graphics and framerate. Would reccommend for anyone who enjoyed playing the orginal. It also includes the free clothing DLC that was for download on the Live marketplace.CNN is ISIS infowars(dot)com
,Recommended,427190,33845102,Posted: 27 July,all,Shapai,"A fine classic.The game runs smoothly on PC while the game itself is a great take on zombies in gaming.Some may shun the time limit that the game proudly advertises but it is really nothing to worry about. Why?You can just ignore it, do nothing to assist anyone and just roam around the mall putting on women's clothing and using CD's to kill. Or you can feel the rush as you dash in a desperate attempt to save all you can. The setting is a favourite of mine, showing a bright landscape that didn't blend with the majority of titles similar to this title that have a grim view of a zombified place. There is nothing like trying to raise tension as you are dressed in Mega Man Boots, a Summer Dress and a Servbot Helmet. Few complaints lie within the survivor AI as since the game tries to paint the protagonist as normal he tends to be a mastermind when tending to the undead as he cleverly pushes a zombie instead of letting it munch on him for 30 minutes, getting someone to get it off him, and then promptly running into a wall. Also I feel like the final parts of 72 hour mode (normal mode) was directed poorly. The atmosphere is great, but due to story reasons there is little to nothing to do.Overall I would recommend this game for the experience it provides. It can be rough on new players due to manual saving and forced pressure, but once you break it in you are welcomed to a brilliant take of the undead horde as it's surrounded by Orange Juice and anything to pick up."
76561198036662065,Recommended,427190,25515133,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hashash,"I was worried about the port, because Capcom have on occassions screwed up with that.This good old Dead Rising runs smoothly on 60hz, graphics looks better on PC too.I wished they released this on steam a little earlier though.Atleast it's out now, and I can relive the good moments I had in the year 2006 (10 years ago!) when I made my first playthrough on my Xbox 360.I bought a Xbox 360 just to play this game 10 years ago."
,Recommended,427190,29203533,Posted: 12 January,all,weet,WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLL
76561198142418870,Recommended,427190,32693698,Posted: 23 June,all,need to have a shite,One of my favourite games ever back on the xbox 360 and now i can finally play it on pc
,Recommended,427190,25622511,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Captain Foxer,"In the far distant mall the moans of zombies are drowned out as you can hear the distant voice of Frank West going ""C'mon"" ""C'mon"" ""C'mon"" ""Follow me!"" ""C'mon!""  repeatedly, as he carries a band of survivors with AI more stupid than the Resident Evil 5 AI Teammate. At least taking photographs of dead people makes my PP go up."
,Recommended,427190,29861904,Posted: 11 February,all,Pvt. Oreo,Better than The 4th game
,Recommended,427190,30501169,Posted: 13 March,all,Hideyasu Yuki,Best zombies game. lol
76561198050762511,Recommended,427190,25489078,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ッ,"Best game ever has come to PC, and it's finally released. Can I get a hell yeah!?!?"
76561198057575736,Recommended,427190,25500684,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Error 404 Name Not Found,I loved this game then and I still love it now.A good refresher of Frank's character for the 4th gameAfter allHe's covered wars you know.
,Recommended,427190,32282366,Posted: 8 June,all,Ymmat_in_the_hat,The best Dead RisingSo BUY it
,Recommended,427190,32421558,Posted: 14 June,all,Haunted Cap,"The gameplay, the action, the comedy, the horror, the gore.this game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥ROCK HARD.10/10"
,Recommended,427190,28568575,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all, lancer1280 ,Otis plz stop calling me you ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198043674098,Recommended,427190,25488144,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,The Peak of Human Civilization,"Back in 2006 before Dead Rising came out I was hyped for this game, it was the reason I got an XBox 360 and now after 10 years it's finally on PC. All I have to say is that this game is amazing and for $20 how can you not get it."
76561198253182407,Recommended,427190,25488919,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,looooveee this game!! i was so pumped for this to come to pc ive been waiting for 10 years and i was so happy with the outcome and love every little bit of this!!!
,Recommended,427190,25492688,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jet Alone,Still number one.
,Recommended,427190,25492992,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Finn Gurzenbutz®,"Finally on PC after 10 long years!Look out for mod releases very soon on the Deadrising2mod proboards :)In the mean time, gotta get all 50 achievements again <3"
,Recommended,427190,25489046,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ShakeTheSnake,FINALLY ON PC!
,Recommended,427190,25489068,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Positive Gamer,"Classic Dead Rising, it's amazing. Doesn't get better than this and at 20 dollars I highly recommend it. As others have said, a remaster done right and a PC port done right. 10/10 will be killing thousands of zombies again."
,Recommended,427190,25498403,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Frank Castle's Black Dong,Cucked by a clown
,Recommended,427190,25496841,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Hutch,"The same game that was on the 360 with a couple of PC benefits like 60fps and resolutions up to 4k and key rebinding.if you loved the first like i did then i reccomend thisno gameplay changes however so its still the same clunky mess of a game with the worst AI ive ever seen in a video game, but i love it anyway"
,Recommended,427190,25502958,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,mitch,"Dead Rising 1 was a classic, and still holds up very well to this day.It happens to be the very best Dead Rising experience.It's not very silly, it's very challenging, and the graphics & soundtrack set the scene for an eerie zombie survival game. You don't mindlessly kill zombies. Instead, you go through a very tense story in which your mind is wondering what's going to happen next. It has enough humor to lighten up the situation, but it's challenging and frightening in a way unlike any other Dead Rising was. Dead Rising 2 and onward embraced killing zombies in ridiculous ways, weren't very challenging, and lacked in the story department. This is the game to get, it's much more of a remarkable experience than any other Dead Rising.The graphics hold up pretty well on PC as well, they're very clean and colorful in a way that doesn't feel overboard. It feels smooth and realistic."
,Recommended,427190,28311907,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,THE SaVaGe,"Might I just say I loved this game when it first came out on 2006 for Xbox 360, and now 10 years later, a Remastered version was released for newer gens and PC. This is a great running game, even on budget builds, and is still a fun game to play even after you've beaten it. I'm hoping Dead Rising 4 will be good"
,Recommended,427190,25539981,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Some Random Guy,"This is how you make a console port. Smooth, no mouse lag, improved graphics, it's great.Looking at you Bioshock remastered..."
,Recommended,427190,25854900,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,zootch,Frank! Frank! Frank! Help me Frank! Give me Orange Juice Frank!
,Recommended,427190,28636650,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Space Cabrón,"Best pc port I played, EVER.Runs Great and plays awesome (even on keyboard + mouse).Buy it now."
,Recommended,427190,33648177,Posted: 19 July,all,DELETE,Frank!Frank!FRAAAAANK!!!!10/10 would cover war stories again
,Recommended,427190,25503962,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,GeT_JaCkEd_MaN,Old but gold.FAAAAAAAAANTASTIC.
,Recommended,427190,25487861,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Nemskip,Easily my favorite game of all time. It was a very innovative game at the time and has a special place in my heart. I played an unreasonable amount of it on the XBOX 360 and i'm just so glad I can relive it in the best way possible.
,Recommended,427190,25491139,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Enjoy,"I've covered wars, you know."
,Recommended,427190,25491152,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Svent 4%,"(Drin Drin, Drin Drin)O T I S ! ! !."
76561198261213923,Recommended,427190,25806356,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jurff1992,FANTASTIC!
,Recommended,427190,33431995,Posted: 10 July,all,FoxOp,It's a ♥♥♥♥in' classic
76561198006879738,Recommended,427190,26108963,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SPIИ👌,If you love the original DEAD RISING then you'll love this PC port. PROS: Game runs in 60FPS 1080p.CONS: Still horrible saving issue and bad AI is still here and the game is identical to how it looked in 2006. But if you just ignore the flaws like i do then this is the best way to play it and a great start for beginners. BUY IT
,Recommended,427190,25493932,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Frosty Nipps,This game is pure masochism.
76561198093584531,Recommended,427190,25645058,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,-d00d-,CLEAN UP  REGISTER 6!
,Recommended,427190,25572135,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Panzer,"Guess you could say this is a FANTASTIC port. The higher resolutions are a huge step over the old 360 settings from back in the day. The only downsides I have are the AI are still ungodly wonky and prefer to run right through zombie hordes instead of perhaps around or fight them. Zero modding tools but I think we will soon have mods. And the graphics could be made a little better but that is not a big deal, the gameplay is where it is at."
,Recommended,427190,25609921,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ERROR404,Don't try the activities Frank does here in a real shopping mall!I missed you DR.
,Recommended,427190,25591907,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,[gg] LoganAdams,And yet he complainedThat his belly was not full.
76561198063078741,Recommended,427190,28220442,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Son . Pk. Goku,"Second best game ever made!!!!! Graphics , animations - all realistic and awesome , tons of gameplay, tons of food,weapons ect. Must buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198182810367,Recommended,427190,25716684,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Winter Song,"If you can put up with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI of the survivors this is one of the best zombie games out there. It has in my opinion the best location of the series, a perfect blend of serious and silly moments and the most badass photojournalist in gaming history"
,Recommended,427190,26921653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Homer Simpson,Frank West
,Recommended,427190,25517645,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Oats The Goat,"I played this 10 years ago and loved it. It's still one of my favorite games of all time today.That being said, it isn't a masterpiece. It is fun and entertaining, but the worst part about it all is the Survivor AI. It's the most frustrating thing you ever have to go through, it's like babysitting when you have to save these brainless idiots. I'm not kidding when I say the zombies are smarter.Now for the pros/cons list:+Customization+Frank West+Story+I've covered wars+Variety of weapons+Psychopaths actually have character+Infinity Mode+Aiming guns on PC+Large variety of skills from level system-Survivor AI-OtisI love this game, I really do but I only got it because I love it and because I don't have an Xbox 360 anymore. So, should you get it? Well if you want a game like DayZ or State of Decay, this is not for you. This is not a open-world zombie apocalypse game. But if you like State of Decay for some of the other sutff then maybe this would be good for you. If you like good story, customization, variety, and an overall amazing sandbox experience. Then this is for you.Here is my overall rating (non-fanboy edition):8/10TL;DR: I love the game, first played it 10 years ago on 360. Good game, Survivor AI suck and Otis can be annoying. Fun sandbox experience with story, customization, and variety."
76561198130604224,Recommended,427190,25637086,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dank manVlog,I hate that ♥♥♥♥ing fatass in the gun store
,Recommended,427190,29680390,Posted: 3 February,all,Hesphex,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUxJpDtg0Bs
,Recommended,427190,28809862,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ean,10/10 best gameWEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL HE AINT MY BOY BUT THE BROTHA IS HEAVY
,Recommended,427190,25496171,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FallenRanger,"After a long wait, Dead Rising is finally here on PC. Now you can enjoy all of the zombie killing that you could've enjoyed on the Xbox 360. THE WAIT IS OVER :D"
,Recommended,427190,25496128,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Thomas Clancy,Same great dead rising
,Recommended,427190,31694454,Posted: 11 May,all,deeravengertn,This game made me gone guru
,Recommended,427190,25495734,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,HéctorVzz,"Amazing port runs perfectly on my 750ti ,  and the best zombie game out there,  just buy it already"
,Recommended,427190,25495073,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Tony,"It's finally here, and it's Fantastic :)"
,Recommended,427190,25495727,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Sgt.Mays,"Very happy this game finally got ported to PC, i played it like crazy 10 years ago.-Runs great on PC, graphics are nice and overall a awesome port!.-Save slots (THANK YOU)-Load times are great-120-144 hz is awesome alsoThere are a few bugs such as music not cycling (looping the same track), and some laggy points when there is gore but i am sure they will fix those in due time.Otherwise if you love Dead Rising, you got to get this and enjoy it again!.Also DAMNIT Otis, i was trying to kill zombies not cutting you off!."
,Recommended,427190,31100294,Posted: 12 April,all,Barry_Sandwich,Great port. Great game.
,Recommended,427190,25499597,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,S7 Hoxworth,If you played this game on the 360 and loved it you should definatly grab this its a direct update and ıf you are a newcommer and never played thıs game you should defınıtly get thıs for me ıts the best dead rısıng and ı couldnt fınd any bugs crashes lag and all that stuff so what are you waıtıng for get your drınk buy thıs game and kıll some zombıes
,Recommended,427190,29849457,Posted: 11 February,all,LUCKY LEON,"""I've cuddled wild boars, you know!"" - Funk West"
,Recommended,427190,28083980,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lame,Reminds me of the time I tried to survive for 5 days to get the real laser sword then my xbox 360 overheated. At least I can try again
,Recommended,427190,25636798,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,Its alright buy dead rising off the record for sandbox mode or Dead Rising 3
76561198001251133,Recommended,427190,25504560,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Sledge Hammer!,"9/10-1 for the terrible save system.And no, it's not a feature. It's a design flaw."
76561198022638782,Recommended,427190,32644262,Posted: 22 June,all,Little Pyro,Nothing like having to scream at the same survivor to move while hes running in circles and screaming FRANK!! and trying to resist murdering him yourself (IM LOOKING AT YOU AARON!) besides the bit wonky survivor AI the game is greatly ported and brought back memories of the xbox 360.
,Recommended,427190,33736167,Posted: 22 July,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"Don't cut me off like that! It's rude!Anyway, here's what I was sayin'..."
,Recommended,427190,34322728,Posted: 18 August,all,Grand Wizard Autismo,"GREAT CLASSIC. THE GREATEST. THE TIME LIMIT ONLY ADDS TO THE GAME, DESPITE WHAT YOU MAY THINK FROM PEOPLE WHO WHINE ABOUT IT. PLAY THE ATROCIOUS DEAD RISING 4 TO SEE WHERE YOUR BAD IDEAS LEAD THIS GREAT GAME."
,Recommended,427190,33965473,Posted: 2 August,all,-=KiY=- Night Night Roulette,"Besides wanting to punch a hole in your wall through the frustrating AI Survivors you need to escort, You can rest assured that this game is pretty awesome overall. Until you're grinding for the Mega Buster, then you'll want to kill yourself 53,594 times over."
,Recommended,427190,30197281,Posted: 26 February,all,Jodeth,Classic game. I recommend only playing it for nostalgia purposes. New players may find themselves frustrated with the outdated mechanics and the retarrded a.i.. The PC version is undoubtedly the best. Very good port.
76561198028175959,Recommended,427190,30822438,Posted: 29 March,all,[BLN] Jaeger,10/10 would get roofied by knife-wielding banana men again.
,Recommended,427190,26171964,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CamChao,"Has everything that the Xbox 360 version has. Everything. Including Infinity Mode and the same stupid survivor AI. The game also runs very well. So far, I've had no problems with it."
,Recommended,427190,34371290,Posted: 20 August,all,Scorcho,"Dead Rising 1 is a mixed bag with some people and it gets a lot of mixed reception, and I 100% understand why, but I ♥♥♥♥ing adore this, DR2 and OTR.I've played probably 100+ hours of DR1 on the X360, the challenging 'psychopath' battles, great theme songs, endless charm, unique atmosphere and cheesy characters in this game is primarily what I live for. Anyone who takes this game seriously only has themselves to blame, this game is NOT to be taken seriously in a story and writing context, and it is better off that way. In my personal opinion, anything with a massive zombie outbreak involved tends to be overly cheesy and hokey in today's age, and this game definitely knows that's the way it is with many more people.The main complaint with people who are not in the cult following of Dead Rising is the AI and the time limit. I understand the AI argument and agree with it, no fan can defend how ♥♥♥♥ing awful the survivor AI is and how frustrating it is to work with. The time limit is easy to get used to once you've had some time taking it easy and leveling up however, you're never going to manage your time right on your first playthrough, so just take your time with the game, just focus on leveling up and learning the game area as much as you can then you'll be ready to tackle the time limit."
,Recommended,427190,25510869,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Call Me Greeks,"It's baffling that it's really been ten whole years since the definitive zombie game was released for the Xbox 360 in all of its clunky, infuriating glory- I was in high school. Now it's a decade later, i've graduated college with a full time job- plus hundreds of zombie games- and three (soon to be four) sequels later its still the best in the series and possibly the best zombie game i've played yet.Getting into the port itself, it runs like a dream. The kb+m controls are practically seamless, but you can change the settings if you need to if the bindings don't suit your motor skills. It looks better than ever, adds multiple save slots to make you want to tear your hair out just a little bit less when you die trying to get a survivor to walk through an automatic door for the nth time that day, and even more impressively, the soundtrack remains the same! That means being able to relive the stomach-churning apocalyptic trumpets once again as they begin the minute your feet touch the grass of the courtyard in all their glory.Some people have reported having saving issues, troubles with directx, and audio problems. I have personally not had a problem with any of those, but my sympathies go out to those who do and I hope there's a fix released for it soon. So... the port isn't perfect. But it's pretty damn good. In retrospect, it could have turned out much worse.The bottom line is, if you feel as if zombie games have oversaturated the market and become passe, do yourself a favor and return to one of the classics. It's frusturating, it's hard, and it's got a timer, but it'll be the best time killing the undead you've had in ten bloody years.10/10 would WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLL again."
76561198046580718,Recommended,427190,25490589,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Jenoh,"This is not a simple port, is a full fledged Dead Rising 1 PC version.This runs perfectly 60fps completely optimized to the point where I can play this in full 5760x1080 resuolution triple montior, right from the get go without the use of flawless widescreen. This version of Dead Rising 1 is handled with care and it shows."
,Recommended,427190,25500068,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Anna Banana,"A very well done port that does justice to a classic game.  No problems so far!  It's very plug 'n play, it doesn't have the controller issues that Dead Rising 2 and Off the Record have.As for the game itself, it was pretty groundbreaking for its time and is the defining title in the series.  If you like the series, no matter where you started you should definitely treat yourself to this one!Dead Rising 1 will always be one of my favorites.  From the lovable characters to the challenging gameplay, it's just a really good game. :)"
76561198164237314,Recommended,427190,32549721,Posted: 18 June,all,Funk Daddy,FAAANNNNNNNNNTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197975900460,Recommended,427190,34401028,Posted: 21 August,all,D3thN1gh7,"I hadn't played this game in almost 11 years. Finally bought it now on PC since it went on sale. Capcom did a good job porting it over. It runs great, and looks better then I remember (obviously still looks dated compared to todays games, but it's from 2006 so....duh). Some of the games mechanics feel pretty rough but overall it's a solid experience. Only minor complaints would be the aiming for the guns isn't very good, and the other weapons run out of durability WAY too quick. But I guess in a way that also adds to the challenge. Definitely worth picking up, even at the original $20 price. Although if you played it before on the Xbox 360 I would probably recommend waiting for a sale. If you've never played it though, definiely worth a buy, sale or not."
,Recommended,427190,25656157,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Quakecry,Fantastic!! The last good capcom game. This game is 10 years old and with the release on PC already better than any other games released this year.
76561198056186683,Recommended,427190,34366901,Posted: 19 August,all,GuyOnAChair,Too much fun. Minor issues in 21:9 and terrible survivor AI aside it mostly holds up very well and as I said before is really enjoyable.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1115700031
,Recommended,427190,32852577,Posted: 27 June,all,NASTY CORNDOG,"Described in one word: FANTASTIC!Survivor AI is still the biggest problem, with the calls of annoying Otis a close second(at whichyou can't defend yourself). But you learn to adapt to it. Still worth every penny. Completed it 100% on Xbox360 about 10 years ago, plan on doing the same on PC."
,Recommended,427190,33385185,Posted: 8 July,all,Count Cuckula,"Definitely a very welcomed classic from a decade ago. Very humorous characters and story, good level design, fun hack and slashing gameplay, and a very memorable soundtrack. The biggest con with the game however is that the survivors AI is horrible and they'll constantly get stuck on random zombies and are just an overall big hassle to escort to the saferoom. I also don't like that the game generally favors the mini-chainsaws/blade weapons over everything else."
,Recommended,427190,25491220,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,26dollar,http://g.e-hentai.org/s/e8ef39d752/114810-20this games got time based events and people you can help so its like majoras mask i guessand you can travel through time by going back to your save because you fugged upi like the characters in this game they are nicei pre-ordered this game before you so I know better than youthis is the greatest video game ever createdi remember seeing it in some magazine before it came out and i thought it was just a lego game with really good graphicswtf is a servbot
,Recommended,427190,28788024,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Comedy,yes
76561197984240645,Recommended,427190,25500425,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Aquanaut,"Jack's back in town, so yeah, absolutely recommended.Best moment to go Shopping 10/10"
,Recommended,427190,25615978,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,elliotrodger,it sick it♥♥♥♥♥♥it revolting it insulting im a gangster mr scarface himself
,Recommended,427190,25522365,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,babs bunny,♥♥♥♥ you otis
,Recommended,427190,25515966,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Yu Narukami,hello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there hello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there hello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there hello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there hello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone therehello hello hello hello hello hello hello anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there anyone there
,Recommended,427190,25525584,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pöm-Pöm,This game has brought me more joy than my unborn child ever would have
,Recommended,427190,25660663,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,JumJim,"I've played this before, you know."
,Recommended,427190,32881013,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazy Jester,Fantastic!
,Recommended,427190,29701402,Posted: 4 February,all,Ty 哈,Not the best one in the series but the one that started it all.6/10
,Recommended,427190,25521618,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Jimbo,"tank you capco . I rly liek this game and now it pc.no mor shitbox 360. no shady pc port nonsense except for few minor bugs but no biggy.It's the same game you know and love, with improvements such as multiple save slots....Oh, and it's cured my brain damage."
76561198089630547,Recommended,427190,25490859,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FROYO Nick3y,Just like old times. He covered wars you know.
,Recommended,427190,25706483,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Iron Scorpion,"Oh my lord the memories are coming back to me. I remember playing the Demo on the Xbox and I couldn't stop playing it. So my dad bought me the game a few days after it came out and , aha, me being young and easily scared. My stomach turned when I accidentally got Jeff and Natalie killed. You know when they get swarmed by zombies and then there's a cut scene of the zombies eating them alive? Yeah that scared the bajeebers out of me. So much so I just switched off the Xbox and didn't play DR for like 8 months. When I picked it up again I was face palming myself for even being scared of this game but back then I never played an actual game which contained zombies apart from Simpsons Hit and Run. But upon picking it back up. I became super addicted. Took me until I was level 40 before I got to the facts. I was addicted but I wasn't any good lol.Okay that's my story the way, now for the steam review.This rerelease is perfect. In every. Single. Way. They've kept the clunky graphics. With the terrible facial expressions, the idiotic UI where they can't figure out how to walk around a desk and constantly calling for your help. God help you if you're escorting more than 2 survivers.The developers have tried to keep it as pure as possible and I'm eternally grateful for that.If you're an old dead rising fan contemplating purchasing this, just do it. If you haven't played the series... Again. Just buy this.53594/10Now can other developers follow capcom and rerelease old games that never made it to pc or if they did, have a terrible port but now it's the time to fix that. I'm looking at you 2k games. It'd be nice to see The Darkness 1 on PC. Bungie with Halo 3."
,Recommended,427190,25710181,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,DendyJR,amazing port10/10would get destroyed by prison inmates againbetter than wii versionthis is my storewould take a picture of jessica and spin around clothing racks for extra exp. points again
,Recommended,427190,25495906,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Spooky Pleb,You're basically ♥♥♥♥ed.
,Recommended,427190,25499769,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Samson Biceps,One of my favourite games of all time! Now on PC with uncapped FPS and 4K support.Thank you CAPCOM!
76561198265433459,Recommended,427190,25497628,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Zombie Rapist,Best dead rising and so much better than number 2 like the phsycos in 1 are better and so is the story so if u havent played number 1 what are u doing with ur life
,Recommended,427190,28812698,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Prospect,gg
,Recommended,427190,25809707,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Yung T,Best Rising.
76561198062452644,Recommended,427190,25516449,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jyggalag,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate otis
,Recommended,427190,34639097,Posted: 31 August,all,lazybeat | trade.tf,amazing pc port also the best dead rising game out of the series. you won't regret buying it!
76561198031966837,Recommended,427190,25492042,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,(AUD) Auto,Incredible. Since 2006? Well... huge and I mean HUGE graphic improvement! Buy it to revisit 10 years ago.
,Recommended,427190,25522243,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Dooflockey,Fantastic port of a fantastic game.
,Recommended,427190,34361491,Posted: 19 August,all,Brodney,An amazing port to an incredible game that actually manages to feel better on the mouse and keyboard. It's still the best Dead Rising game after all this time and definitely deserves a look especially if you've never touched it before.
76561198057755677,Recommended,427190,34426675,Posted: 22 August,all,BirbMemes,I HATE THIS SAVE SYSTEM but the rest of the game is good. But i make no progress due to the save system. :(
76561198199810538,Recommended,427190,25539600,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dxmenkiller,"Well Dead Risng is now out on PC I would go and put in a meme here but I am not going to so I will keep this nice and right into the point, Dead Rising is now 10 years old therefor this game is a gold gem for the type of gamer that like a sandbox game mixed with a time limt on the story,so overall this game is worth the money that it sells for example in CDN its 25$ for this game so i reccomemend that you get this game for the feel of 2006 and to just have a FANTASTIC time (Yes I did that).9.5/10"
76561198125382509,Recommended,427190,25525025,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Captain_Soap,AWESOME GAME!!!!! MUST BUY !!!!!!!!! And one more thing. Who didn't recommend this game should play DEAD RISING 4 so they see how good this one is.
76561198048048796,Recommended,427190,33314597,Posted: 6 July,all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,427190,26302618,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ZIGGY5214,Played this Game in 2006 and returning 10 years later WHOOO!!!!!!!
,Recommended,427190,30787277,Posted: 27 March,all,zigga,its even better than before but its unplayable without controller
,Recommended,427190,25517646,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Finesser of Thots,"So I deleted my previous review because I managed to launch the game by installing the most recent stable drivers from NoVideo. Normally I would abhor this, but I found it benefitial to my build to adopt these new drivers as they were better than the last one.Basically, the core of Dead Rising is p good. Some will defend it to the death, some will abhor it; it's definitely an acquired taste. That being said, if you complain about the controls or the fact that you can't move and shoot, kys. No really, go commit sudoku if you cannot be pressed to rebind your kb/controller and learn how to adapt being stationary while shooting. It's 2016, you had all this time to git gud, my nigga.Now for the autistic part: the breakdown of this PC port.This port has numerous incompatibility issues. Putting anecdotal evidence aside, the discussion forum is literally flooded with topics asking for technical assistance or to complain about the issues on their end. Every other topic is a complaint about a common techincal issue because some people are too dumb to read the stickies. And the tech-support thread that does exist got flooded within the first day.At first, I thought the game had incompatibilities with the 2014 C++ Redistributable, but I checked the files and saw it utilized the 2012 Redistributable. So that was obviously not the problem. The issue was the driver. If you're on a legacy Nvidja card, be prepared to dick around with drivers that are compatible with the game and - at the same time - won't make your card poop out early. For the record, any video card older than the GTX 1000 series is considered ""legacy"" by the Nbidia - The Way You're Meant To Be Played. So what's the deal? Why do we need to adopt new drivers that could potentially gimp performance in other games but Dead But Not Phallic Rising? Could a Capcom rep care to explain?The game runs on the MT Framework engine, the most scalable and efficient engine created in the last generation. It could be herald as Capcom's Barry-magnum opus. It was capable of squeezing Marvel 3 down to the Vita, and it was responsible for making DMC4 and Lost Planet 1 the best PC ports Capcom had ever produced. It pretty much made all of Capcom's games run smooth like butter on the PC, barring Tameem may Cry which used a build of the UE3 that was capable of rendering different hues of grey (DM me for the color values if you're interested). So why is it that Dead Rising 1 doesn't run the same as DMC4 and LP1, ports that came out in 2008? I looked at the menu in the graphical buffet, and I was poorly disappointed in the servings. You get the standard, no, barebone, settings for a PC game. The textures cannot be scaled at all; you have to deal with 2006-tier textures that reek of a 3megapixel camera importing its dump to Photoshop or Green Is My Pepper 1.2. At the very least, we can turn motion blur on and off, but I would keep it on since the animations look tramautizing with the blur off. Compare and contrast DR1's graphical settings to the DMC4's graphcial settings. DMC4's original PC port had several different options and went up to extremes with anti-aliasing. If you downloaded the update that supported DX10, you were playing on what was considered next-gen, ala 2010.The game also has terrible aiming acceleration. It's just really bad, especially when you jerk your mouse around at the highest dpi settings. You could potentially break the game by bending the mesh; its values might have been null.In addition to that, the game has a lot of mission bugs. Very first side-mission with Kent, I snapped a 4000pp photo of him and the dude wouldn't shut up. Obviously the if statements were coded to be introspective, instead of just werks. What disappointed me was the fact that Capcom half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this PC port. They had a good track record of producing amazing PC ports since the beginning of last gen; the failures of the original PC ports of RE4 and DMC3 motivated them to git gud. They squandered our good will, and sold it to GoodWill for tax breaks.Don't listen to that elitest homo known as Totalbizkit, who would say all Japanese games have bad PC ports. That dumb rand doesn't even realize that a majority Japanese games at the arcade run on PC's, and that a lot of developers have to use Winblows PC's for toolkits. In particular, the Sega Lindbergh uses Montavista, an enterprise distro that you have to pay for - similar to Red Hat, but not a Fedora. Biscuit brags about being PCMR, but in reality he's a tech-illit, so he's uses Ubuntu; in that case, he can apt-get fucked. Either that, or we can wait for London's new mayor to establish a caliphat so Sharia patrols can throw Totalbiscuit off a roof for being a bundle of twigs.As of now, I give this port of Dead Rising a 3.2/10 because it still has a lot of problems that need to be fixed in a patch. I would suggest waiting a month before buying the game; go ahead and spend your twenty-twen on 2 gams of dank, or 4 gams of dirt you can buy from a 12 year old Mexican kid in front of a 7-11."
,Recommended,427190,25660379,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game is such a well known hit!
76561197995053401,Recommended,427190,25632610,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,Break Your Control Key Simulator 2016!Would break control key again.
76561198151179062,Recommended,427190,25627851,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,eber69479,I cant play past the first loading screen I'm sure it will work with other pc's but with mine it wont work. I really like the Dead Rising series though and would highly recommend it.
,Recommended,427190,25630042,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,EarnWerb,"How do I hate escort quests so much, yet enjoy this game?"
,Recommended,427190,26758311,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Yee,This Game Here Is One Of My Favorite DeadRising Series Since Day 1 when Capcom released this series.I Would Buy This Legend Game Here For $19.99
,Recommended,427190,25561986,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,TTGH,"This game is amazing! I loved this game on 360, with over 375 hours over mutliple accounts from 2006 to 2016. Now, I've had this game on PC for 4 days and I have school and I already completed the Story (Not Overtime... yet) I have so much fun with the stupid AI and having a challenge, even though it can be SUPER annoying sometimes."
,Recommended,427190,25573701,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Candy,I love DR1 on xbox360 in the past.Now i can play with it on PC!Very good game if you are zombie's fans!
,Recommended,427190,25574271,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,2049,"Clunky controls with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ survivors, complete with a group of convicts that managed to leave me with a fear of the outdoors.Please play this."
,Recommended,427190,25655522,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Quizerno,I beat up a Mexican terrorist by throwing soda cans at him.I made orange juice smoothies for the whole day.I skateboarded through a a whole mess of zombiesRecommended.Good port. Had no problems.
76561198130429261,Recommended,427190,25732796,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,chris the zombie gamer,"runs into mall, slaps cone onto zombie head, gets shot by crazed terrorist, heals by eating chips, get chased by evil clown, saves hot girl, fights crazy redneck with guns, get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from zombie, saves fat guy, kills zombie with bench, gets attacked by raincoat cult, bets whiny photographer that I can make better porn than him, kills bee and makes zombies explode, put on a women's dress just to see how it feels, gets murdered by psycho war vet.10/10 would go fight zombies at willimette again."
,Recommended,427190,25648645,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,hfz,It has Frank West. 53.595/10
76561198039995181,Recommended,427190,25928817,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nick Nitro,Like it was back in 2006 only better.
,Recommended,427190,29345795,Posted: 18 January,all,weeb matthew,"pretty damn fun, the time mechanic is cool and adds a level of stress that makes the game never boring, it isn't the biggest game ever, but there is a lot to do and it has pretty good replayability, there isn't really any consaquences for not doing the main story, so you can just ♥♥♥♥ around and see what you can get into, one pretty big problem is that the NPC AI is pretty bad, making escorting them a pain some times, but you have two commands that do a decent job getting them to move where you want them to, and the bosses don't have the same AI problem, so you can still have a lot of fun fighting them."
76561198044140048,Recommended,427190,29437356,Posted: 22 January,all,=(e)= Spat856,I'm loving every bit of this game so far.
76561198085323294,Recommended,427190,25497573,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FagMuffins,i loved this game when i first played it and i still love it now<3
,Recommended,427190,25530961,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,JoeyBOZZ,Best zombie killer in the world - Frank West baby.
,Recommended,427190,27742033,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jack Rabbit Slim,"If you loved this game 10 years ago, you will love the remaster.If you hated this game 10 years ago, you will hate the remaster."
,Recommended,427190,26479768,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tr3b0r,"FANTASTIC. (As Frank would say...he's covered wars, ya know.)That is all. I am so glad they bought this gem to PC. The port does it justice too."
,Recommended,427190,25575494,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Okay.,Fun game with a pretty good port
,Recommended,427190,31402583,Posted: 27 April,all,Groovy,"It's Deadrising, what more is there to know?"
,Recommended,427190,25495603,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Koch-o-Nein,Finally! On Pc. Retain most of original contents and game mechanics. Should try
76561198040742435,Recommended,427190,25495665,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Giant Jelly,surprisingly a really excellent port and one of my gripes about the xbox 360 version was the inverted controls and slow frames in certain points of the game but this was well done on capcom's part. Although  I would like to see some add ons such as new clothing for this remaster of the series.
76561198048827467,Recommended,427190,25495034,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Roast Goose,"A long overdue port of one the main games that made me love my Xbox 360 in the early days. The port itself is quite good. Not perfect, but it has been perfectly functional for me.Graphics options are limited, though you can uncap the framerate and enable/disable vsync. MSAA at varying levels is your only antialiasing option. The textures are noticably aged, but are fine for a game that's a decade old. Hopefully some mods can provide some higher resolution textures.Sound works fine most of the time, though some audio samples are of varying quality. I think this may have been the original quality though, not an issue with the port.The game performance is good, with stable framerates when running around grabbing stuff. Hitting a big cluster of zombies with a big object may cause a lag spike, however it is very brief. Loading times are monumentally improved compared to the original.The game itself is a joy to play. It is simplistic compared to DR2 and beyond, but I prefer this. No running around for money like a neurotic Hebrew; no overpowered combo weapons from ""Wrestlemania meets backyard warriors;"" just you, a mall and a big bunch of zombies in your way with some believable psychopaths for you to overcome.The game is more serious compared to the other games, though it can be goofy if you choose to dress up and use silly items. This humour contrasts nicely against the gravity of the situation, which can make it all the funnier. The other games tried to play the humour straight and it was overbearing."
,Recommended,427190,34387583,Posted: 20 August,all,Chewitts,sik fam
,Recommended,427190,25492446,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,DE_SOLO_MEAT,This Is Must Have Zombie Game. The real classic of Zombie games Genre.
,Recommended,427190,25504020,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Affebonbons,"It's Dead Rising except in 1080p+/60fps+ with improved saving so you can go back to different saves rather than just one like the original. If you've played this before, buy it, if you haven't, stop being 10 and buy this with your parents' credit card."
,Recommended,427190,25518012,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SlightChance,Great Game. Buy ItI love taking Pictures of the zombies I've killed10/10
76561198127901492,Recommended,427190,34464714,Posted: 24 August,all,YungWeeb,AmazingOne of the best games everWorth any amount of $$$
,Recommended,427190,25956356,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Vantine,"best zombie game ever made, surprisingly a good pc portpros:-gud gamecons:-all survivors have severe brain damage"
76561197999005361,Recommended,427190,25555289,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,AGamerX1,"Despite it's age Dead Rising is still alot of fun. The port is very well done and the game runs so smoothly at 60FPS (and above for those with higher hz monitors). I thorughly enjoyed playing through the game again after originally playing the 360 version years ago. Though I do admit some of the elements, like escorting survivors, are a bit dated and annoying at times.Still a great game and I fully recommend it, especially when it's on sale!"
76561198070084321,Recommended,427190,25512555,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,foofighter_ii,Good port!
,Recommended,427190,25510611,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,King of the Beach,"Very surprised about how great this port turned out. I loved this game on my 360 and now they came out and nailed this port, wow. I will say this is the best port and remaster in recent time."
,Recommended,427190,25511153,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Classy Horse,"played it on 360, so happy they brought it to PC, I've covered this story before and its time to do it again.Even though the AI seems to have no sense of self presorvation and the loading times are murder, its nice to see they kept everything zombie♥♥♥♥♥kicking awesome the same"
,Recommended,427190,25629840,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ћ Rob Zombie,"""So you can level up by killing zombies and taking pictures, because you're freakin' Frank West, until you do such a good job at being Frank West. You can take your hand, shove it in a dude's stomach, and rip out his innards! Because he's Frank West!""- ""Stuttering"" Crieg"
,Recommended,427190,32180615,Posted: 4 June,all,OldManJason,Still hard as heck! Great game. This is where it started so your not going to have the depth of newer versions but this is one of the better ones in the series for its difficulty alone. Expect numerous playthroughs
76561198117792209,Recommended,427190,34442643,Posted: 23 August,all,VolcanoMom53,An amazing game with really disappointing endings
,Recommended,427190,25553336,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Iroquois Pliskin,HE'S COVERED WARS YA KNOW
76561198024153413,Recommended,427190,25579329,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,"""I've covered war's, you know.""-Frank West 2006"
76561198038570147,Recommended,427190,25499801,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Homemade Banana Bread,I've covered wars ya'know(On a serious note this game is very good and if you have not played it before give it a go)
,Recommended,427190,25522679,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,A-Mei-Zing,This port is fannnnnnnnnnntastic!
76561198000735116,Recommended,427190,32728587,Posted: 24 June,all,Matakes,Looks great
,Recommended,427190,25490889,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Zonik,This game takes me back since I got my xbox 360 and my first xbox 360 game is Deadrising XD but I had clusmy family members always tilt my xbox and makes a huge scratch on the disk...now It's on PC and 60 FPS... Life is good
,Recommended,427190,33156325,Posted: 2 July,all,nascar driver ralph fiennes,ANYONE THERE?HELLO?HELLO?HELLO?HELLO?ANYONE THERE?HELLO?
76561198049660844,Recommended,427190,25490333,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,A Fucking Table,10 Gone guru out of 10
,Recommended,427190,25652675,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Scott Loveheart,"Classic game, good port."
76561198040085758,Recommended,427190,25499749,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Balzibub,Jessie: Do you know how to usea Gun?Frank: Kinda... I covered war you know.Me: Best argument EVER!!!
,Recommended,427190,25492219,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,TheBlueReaper[ßŦ],Best AI I've ever seen
,Recommended,427190,25503114,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Equation™,"Completed the game when it first released 10 years ago, the game itself is great... I love the atmosphere and the shopping mall enviroment is brill!Not much can be said about the game and gameplay that others have not already said.The port itself runs smooth as butter, no slowdown, no freezes, fast load times... I couldn't of asked for a better port than this, I thank the guys who ported this for doing a great job as I know alot of ports to PC can be rushed and end up being very dire, this port has started to give me a little bit of faith in Capcom again. Keep it up."
76561198012146238,Recommended,427190,25510530,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,McNutter,10/10 would waste time killing zombies in a shopping mall againI've covered wars you know
76561198163567435,Recommended,427190,34646662,Posted: 31 August,all,Bubeyo,One of the best games i've ever played 9/10
,Recommended,427190,34702528,Posted: 2 September,all,Foock the Trumps,"Best game in the series, replay value, 9/10 zombies"
,Recommended,427190,30366868,Posted: 6 March,all,EtaYorius,"I got gifted an xbox360 by my sister, the only three games that got my attention was TheDarkness and DeadRising. This game is pure fun with tons of Zombies."
76561198057950913,Recommended,427190,28637169,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PaloViejoPR,Dead Rising has stopped working. Thats my ♥♥♥♥ing review.
,Recommended,427190,25522175,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,VTG1800,POSITIVE:- Classic gameplay- Better graphics- ChallengesNEGATIVE:- Voice- Bad save game (No autosave)- Classic control and aimSCORE: 75/100
,Recommended,427190,25643903,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cummie Kit {E621},"It's friday night, I have no date, Phobia on the radio, and a 2 liter of Mountain Dew. Let's get crazy."
,Recommended,427190,34698924,Posted: 2 September,all,j0ny_brav0,Good Game!
,Recommended,427190,26412697,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SpyGuy,Trying to get hold of someone's hands is probably the most hardest part of the game. ._.
76561198095408505,Recommended,427190,31831760,Posted: 18 May,all,farmville rancher boy,zombies
,Recommended,427190,25488371,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Raynooor,By far the best Dead Rising out of the series. Feels and runs great.
76561198130360243,Recommended,427190,25649599,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,militarypoem64,"bro, if u get this game u r a sekist♥♥♥♥♥♥i swer is so goood even tho it haz♥♥♥♥♥♥ai and loks like potato. but bro...he covrd wars uno."
,Recommended,427190,25507529,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,renjay,"I've Made Reviews, you know?100/10 Best. Zombie. Game. Ever.I recommend buying this game!PROSIt has a good plotIt has very good psychopaths/bossesYou can use nearly everything as a weapon to beat a zombie or psychopath to deathIt's in 1080p 60 fps and it's a port, a GREAT port!The unlockables are great!If you're one of those people that like to get 100% on a game this is a great game to do it on.CONSFor some people it's a con but not for me, it's having timed missionsFor low level's it's hard to beat some psychopathsOnce you've completed the game once you still haven't experienced everything (not a con for me)."
,Recommended,427190,31440817,Posted: 29 April,all,Space Sanchez,I have been playing it for like 666 hours and I cant have enough of it.
,Recommended,427190,32326530,Posted: 10 June,all,Splinch,Best zombie killing sandbox out there.
,Recommended,427190,25504195,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Manchester VLG,"""Don't cut me off like that! It's rude!Anyway here's what I was saying.."""
,Not Recommended,427190,32844832,Posted: 27 June,all,Majora,"I originally played Dead Rising when it came out in 2006, and the same problems that plagued the game still plague this release even now. I want to love this game more, and I do love this game, but it has some of the worst AI in modern gaming. I always come back to this game like a battered wife, hoping it'll be slightly different or I won't get frustrated, but over time I slowly forget how frustrating this game truly is. In 2006, they just weren't ready to release this game, maybe it was some sort of time constraint, but the game is basically unplayable due to AI.The game runs flawlessly, and the port is great, but at the end of the day, it means nothing if you can't save survivors because they constantly get caught on objects, hit you with objects, or simply won't follow you. I wouldn't buy this game unless it was mega discounted, because as it stands now, it's still an unfixed game and needs more work under the hood as the game was broken by 2006 standards, and is mind numbingly EA-esque by today's standards. You're also constantly spammed on a very annoying walkie talkie by a well-meaning security guard named Otis...if you answer, you can't defend yourself, and if his call is interupted you have to start the process again...incredibly annoying, especially in a game that requires your undivided attention while leading people to safety...and this issue is completely unchanged and anyone who played the game will assure you that it IS an issue. I wanted keep this game, but I had to refund my purchase until I can buy it cheaper and that really bums me out because I've played this game an incredible amount.TLDR, terrible AI makes this game nearly unplayable, and extremely frustrating."
,Recommended,427190,25487890,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Joum,Back to covering wars I guess!
,Recommended,427190,25509341,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,"Grink ""Skyrim the 13th"" da Boy",hello
76561197999938428,Recommended,427190,25502975,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ultimate cody,"What are weDOINGhere?UHUUUUUUUUUHHH,UHUHUHUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHAlright...What's...happened?UHUUUUUUUUUHHH,UHUHUHUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHWhat's...happened?WAAAAAAHAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHAlright...What's...happened?What are weDOINGhere?What are weDOINGhere?UHUUUUUUUUUHHH,UHUHUHUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHH"
,Recommended,427190,25705529,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Xenomorph,"Big fan of the original game on Xbox 360, took me until 2007 to get Ending A (the true ending). Since I know the game really well due to being a HUGE fan of the franchise and multiple replays, I was able to get Ending A on my first playthrough. But the game is still challenging in a good way, and I plan to do more playthroughs to kill all the psychopaths, rescue all the survivors, kill 53594 zombies, and so on. Definitely recommend if a fan of Dead Rising on Xbox 360, the Dead Rising series, zombie games, and horror comedy in general.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,427190,25488113,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TheFlubbaPants,Frank did not go west we need to build a wall 100/11 wood boi again.
76561198169083333,Recommended,427190,25488059,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Martin,10/10 for nostalgia but its running really weirdly like its in slow-mo the beginning camera helicopter ride was fine but after that the game runs just so weird
,Recommended,427190,25490677,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,IyoBean,Dont forget small chainsaw from clown !!! 10/10
,Recommended,427190,25512859,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nick,"A solid port that features everything from the original Xbox360 version but with the option to run at a higher resolution and framerate. The only performance problem I've run into is that a few weapons (like the sledgehammer) cause massive stuttering when you kill zombies. This appears to be a problem with the remaster itself and not the PC version as this issue exists on the XboxOne/PS4 version as well.As for the game itself, it's brutally difficult with some poorly done AI and outdated controls/graphics. The map design is great with some interesting locations and lots of secrets to explore. The story is a typical Dead Rising story with terrible voice acting, stupid plotline, and terrible boss fights.So why bother with this game? Well, it's the original open world zombie game that started it all. It's a lot of fun to explore the mall and kill zombies, but just know now that it's a stupid, silly game that should never be taken seriously. The missions are poorly done and are often frustrating to complete so only the most dedicated players will even get to the end of the main questline.Overall, the $20 asking price is not high and the game is definitely worth it for that price. Though the micro-stutter issue needs to be fixed immedietly. If it's not, then you're better off waiting for a sale.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZR1t4rm7Gw&index=1&list=PLTxgzJqWtkFaUmC2PUuGngkm1K-KX4Ym6"
,Recommended,427190,28701938,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Colonel,THIS IS A GOOD POOOOOOOOOOOOOOORT
,Recommended,427190,34837266,Posted: 9 September,all,Grenadeh,"Yet another underwhelming PC port, and this one 10  years after the original release. This game was made for 360. A PowerPC 500 mhz processor with max 512mb of video memory. So the fact that it runs like butt on an old card like a 750ti is completely unacceptable, on high. I have a 1080 and it runs fine on that, but it has bad frame tearing issues too. It will also literally crash the game if you kill more than about 50 zombies at a time, which is entirely possible in the maintenance tunnels if you run over a gas canister.Other than that, it's Dead Rising 1. It has better textures than Dead Rising 2 somehow, and the blood looks better, but literally everything else about it is inferior. You can kill zombies in a variety of ways, but the best weapons pale in comparison to the later entries. There's also the photo mode, which is slightly cool. You can cross dress and wear megaman clothes, put a servbot head on a zombie, walk on their backs, rip their guts out, good wholesom fun.The mall has a decent amount of shops and many of them at least become memorable because you encounter psychopaths there - like the grocery, the hardware store, the food court, etc, but in comparison to the later games, at least 2, Willamette mall really does seem to lack soul or give a reason to thoroughly explore.It's definitely worth a play through if you never played or beat it, so go ahead and check it out. Maybe at least send Capcom the message that porting their old games to PC, even long after they're relevant, is the right thing to do."
,Recommended,427190,25585935,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Slimskin,better controls than dead rising 2.
,Recommended,427190,31558563,Posted: 5 May,all,seanyc123,Zombie/fun kino.
,Recommended,427190,34317896,Posted: 17 August,all,Jif,"THIS IS MAINLY TALKING ABOUT THE GAME AND NOT THE PORT STFUpros-fun psychopaths each completely different-nice map that works-INFINITY MODE!!!!-Long and interesting story (works more than dr2)-decent portcons-the survivors have♥♥♥♥♥♥AI what sucks as they are crucial for getting XP and alot of the time your gonna be grinding-no multiplayer! i know i know, they wouldnt just add multiplayer in a port thats way too big just for a port. but damn it would be so fun-it is unforgivably hard (i have to play for like 12 hours straight for an achievement?!)-hella overpricedConclusion: fun♥♥♥♥♥game to play, such a classic. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI that could of been updated in the port3.5/5 (BUY IT ON SALE)"
,Recommended,427190,25509874,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,that dog from heart of darkness,still super frustrating but still super great
,Recommended,427190,33883869,Posted: 29 July,all,alpha man,hours of fun for the whole family
,Recommended,427190,25832360,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,UNBREAKABLE,"Long time fan of this game since 2006.Are you a fan of the first game? Buy this.It's simply a well-made port of the original game with higher framerates and resolutions. I have no major complaints about this port, and any bugs and issues have been fixed thus far in patches already."
,Recommended,427190,29405439,Posted: 21 January,all,CaucasianCrustacean,HELLOLADIESANDGENTLEMENITSTIMEONCEAGAINFORTHESENSATIONALNEWGAMESHOWWINTHATAWARD
,Recommended,427190,31590562,Posted: 6 May,all,Capt.Crit Rocket.exe,Its like im really a fat American.
76561197971872595,Recommended,427190,34374823,Posted: 20 August,all,goat_recon,"COOL GAME, BRO."
,Recommended,427190,25519731,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mistaken For Bacon,"Dead Rising 1Cons:-Horrid AI, still. (Survivors can hardly fight for themselves)-Annoying Transceiver system makes a return.-Still plays like a 2006 game.-Graphics slightly upgraded from 2006.-Very limited voice lines for the survivors.-Still only ""Follow me."" and ""Come on.""Pros:NostalgiaStill the best Dead Rising game.Worth a repurchase as expected."
76561197996453561,Recommended,427190,25492489,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Brödrost,"Oh, the nostalgia"
76561198011102210,Recommended,427190,28355874,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Lucaszorzo123,I dont even need to explain why this game is awesome
,Recommended,427190,25490682,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,NH | Carnage,"Worth every penny. No issues on release, perfect port.So, Dead Rising from Xbox finally comes onto PC. How is it? Well, let's get to the point.As a port...it actually runs well without any issues on release.As a game...it's still the same Dead Rising you know and loved (or hated), with an unbelievably steep difficulty curve, mind-dead survivors and how could I forgot, Otis.TL;DRGreat port & great game, buy it if you were a fan of Dead Rising 1 on Xbox, a fan of Dead Rising, or just like zombie games or hard games such as Dark Souls.Score:10/10"
,Recommended,427190,25499722,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Big Nig Dibbler,this game is literally the t i t s
76561197978393853,Recommended,427190,25519282,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Young Dex,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198335860922,Recommended,427190,26413265,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Raider,NOT A BAD GAME
,Recommended,427190,25503027,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Reyes,kill me plz.
,Recommended,427190,32855204,Posted: 27 June,all,Xxx_Qwik5copez_xxX,"Don't scroll past me like that, it's rude!anyway, here's what i was sayin...53594/53594"
76561198056736756,Recommended,427190,34046839,Posted: 5 August,all,Esquivel Jr,it cool m8s my fav part is u kill bosses for 20k pp
,Recommended,427190,25495811,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,🌟 Milky Chews 🌟,Frank West covered wars you know
76561198081917899,Not Recommended,427190,34387821,Posted: 20 August,all,Kush Energy,Game runs alright. has some bugs still. looks old and dated. I bought this twice xbox 360 and xbox one... runs fine no problems.... pc ports seem to be♥♥♥♥♥♥on some games.
,Recommended,427190,34112955,Posted: 8 August,all,FastAndKul3 Aka BEEXZ'S Bitch,it's zombie game what else im I supposed to say.....
76561198326686220,Not Recommended,427190,35090635,Posted: 20 September,all,PeanutButter<3,"i used to love this game as a kid on the 360, now im back 10 years later and its not as good as id remembered, well dont get me wrong its a bloody fun game, but theirs so many annoying things in this game. Like when ♥♥♥♥ing Otis keeps ringing you every 2 seconds, its so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying!. I mean it could have totally been avoided. Weapons break waaaay to quickly aswell, also the saving and loadings all ♥♥♥♥ed up, like i saved my game and for some reason it deleted all my progress i mean like cmon wtf. Its an alright game but i remembered it being a lot better."
,Recommended,427190,25487643,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Roger Smoore,Found a rollercoaster. Ran into a clown juggling chainsaws. Instantly quit the game and uninstalled.Would get clowned again 10/10
76561198401051928,Not Recommended,427190,33160860,Posted: 2 July,all,kvance_347,kept crashing on me
76561198081666838,Not Recommended,427190,32860748,Posted: 27 June,all,MadRicksBanjo,"This game straight up won't work on my computer, every time I boot it up the game just won't respond. I have to go to task manager to shut it down. The game itself is great, the only reason I can't recommed is because of the above problem."
,Recommended,427190,32471555,Posted: 16 June,all,Gay Guillaume,FRANK WEST IS REAL AND HE TRIED TO COVER MY WAR
76561198042380403,Recommended,427190,25487549,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,AmGod,"I've covered wars, you know."
,Recommended,427190,25487414,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Henry™,10/10 best dead rising game
,Recommended,427190,26518356,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game.  Their logic behind the endings for not doing arbitrary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like talking to someone is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Most unsatisfying ending, not wasting my time with this games♥♥♥♥♥♥bosses and gameplay ever again."
,Not Recommended,427190,33493009,Posted: 12 July,all,Narth,"If you point out how not fun this game is, someone will be so mad about it that they will spam all your reviews with hate. So obviously it's true."
76561198351641194,Not Recommended,427190,29800439,Posted: 9 February,all,SINGAPORE DOG REALL NOISY,cant even start
,Recommended,427190,25501174,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,LordNiggy,This Game is Fun. Better than No Man Sky
,Recommended,427190,32113865,Posted: 1 June,all,Hank Schrader,DUDE ZOMBIES AGAIN LMAO
,Not Recommended,427190,25492626,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Gina Rinehart,"Although I love dead rising and played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it on the xbox, in its current state I can't recommend it. Although the performance is perfectly fine running at 1080p 60fps, there is a game breaking bug where the game refuses to save and instantly corrupts any auto-saves made. As there is no definitive solution for this glitch, this makes the game broken and unplayable.Once this issue is resolved, I will be changing this into a positive review."
76561198139518073,Not Recommended,427190,30132701,Posted: 23 February,all,Ze.x,While this game is very fun and a fairly solid zombie game. The mechanics feel very dated and I loved this game back on the 360 but it had a stutter effect when attacking zombies with a blunt object. This terrible effect has been brought over to the pc which is very annoying while having 60 fps hitting a zombie feels like 30fps. Don't buy if low framerate and stuters annoy you.
76561197993049634,Not Recommended,427190,29116651,Posted: 8 January,all,Sky Roxine,"The game simply won´t load for me. After the helicopter intro, the game freezes in a infinite loading screen. Tried many solutions and didn´t work any of them. In the end i had to ask for a refund unfortunately. Too bad, because i really wanted to play the first Dead Rising :("
,Not Recommended,427190,28211919,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,✪ R0STOR #ripsway,"Sadly, this also being my favorite game ever, cant play this on pc. the port is so god awful the ai is somehow dumber than in the orignal. Kent is impossible to deal with, and the controls havnent been optomised for pc, who ever did the port was so lazy and didnt care about the game enough to make it back to its orignal glory. Maybe with a gay♥♥♥♥♥steam controller..."
76561198351493573,Not Recommended,427190,28697445,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jackdavisrocks,it wont let me load my dang last save i wasted 16$  it bull crap :/ does anyone know how to load from last save cause i cant
,Not Recommended,427190,29316614,Posted: 17 January,all,Akka,"Aged like milkDead Rising is one of the most dated games I have ever beaten. If you've never played this game before, stay away. This game is loaded with clunky relics that would immediately turn you off from a contemporary game.Aiming with a gun glues your feet in placeWeapons are as durable as paper macheRe-collecting the same uzi and katana every time you leave the spawn room is tedious and a choreEndless backtrackingEscort missionsTimed escort missionsExtremely poor AI pathfinding that makes timed escort missions a nightmare from hellClunky meleeUnderwhelming final boss fightsEven more zombies on the PC release than the original due to hardware limitationsMore zombies means more pointless bullet spongesZombies pop back in when you're not lookingZero attempt at balancing the gameYou can start the game over with your current level if you dieAtrocious writing""Hey Niko let's go bowling"" but ten times worsePicking up the receiver to address these messages robs you from being able to run, jump, attack, and if you are attacked the message starts over AGAIN FROM THE BEGINNING.Dead Rising is a video game icon from multiple generations ago. There's a ton of unique personality from the vibrant cast of literal crazies out to kill you. I love the call backs to Capcom's other franchises. The photography gimmick is loads of fun and there are plenty of hilarious ways to kill zombies Within five minutes of the game you're given a prime chance to cut down a huge cloud of them with a lawn mower.Even so. it is absolutely not worth enduring this game's shortcomings to squeeze out the few droplets of quality that shine to this day. Go ahead and look at the positive reviews. They're loaded with insults. Rose-tinted glasses bind old fans from fully realizing this game is not worth playing outside of nostalgia."
76561197989882113,Not Recommended,427190,34705647,Posted: 3 September,all,99ultra,"It really needs a meh rating. I'd only recommend this game if you never experienced the first Dead Rising but always wanted to try it. The better game really is Dead Rising 2, the gameplay is just so much better, however this game has a much better atmosphere and I liked the story more than DR2. The boss fights sure aren't fun though, very frustrating."
76561198042883126,Not Recommended,427190,25777024,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mr.Anderson,Controls were painfulfanboys come out strong but the controls are still trash
76561198262062532,Not Recommended,427190,29856752,Posted: 11 February,all,mma junkie250,doesnt work . but dr 2 & 3 do . now i gotta go waste $$ on x1 version
76561198122064922,Not Recommended,427190,28472269,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,paynek,Doesn't work for me
76561198125962047,Not Recommended,427190,32750866,Posted: 24 June,all,gary coleslaw,Game will simply not start. All I get when I try to boot the game up is a black screen. I have yet even try the game
76561197970620128,Not Recommended,427190,25524731,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,[KOTN] Baby-Eating Dingo,"I never played this game when it came out on the consoles, so this review is made without all of the nostalgia and fanboy fawning that the vast majority of reviews here seem to have. It was probably good back in its day, but it does not hold up as a modern PC game. Reasons are:1. The game is Nintendo Hard. It uses save points (vomit), and the save points are few and far between, and often require killing dozens, if not hundreds of enemies to reach them. You can easily lose hours of progress trying to get to a save point. Everything is timed, and you sometimes are not given tutorials until AFTER you needed to do something, there are things you will never get right the first time, making it necessary to restart from your last save and lose hours because you did not know a needed gameplay mechanic ahead of time.2. The AI of your allies is terrible. You have to escort characters back to the saferoom, but if you don't give them a weapon, they wait til you get about 50 feet away and run straight toward you, usually right into zombies, OR if you give them a weapon they go full Leeroy Jenkins and charge at the enemy zombies, and get swarmed.3. The gun system is terrible. Not only are they impossibly weak, but they are all auto-aim, and there's no way to know what your character will shoot at. A zombie could be two feet from you and you'll shoot the gun only to hit an enemy standing 15 feet behind it. And unless you are on flat, level ground shooting at a target on the same elevation, the AI will not recognize the enemy and not shoot at it.4. Under some circumstances, enemy respawns are nearly instantaneous. You can kill 30 zombies, walk ten feet past them, and get attacked from behind because 10 more spawned in as soon as you took the camera off of their location.Overall, the gameplay is fun, but there are simply too many frustrating and unnecessary 'features' artificially increasing the difficulty to make it fun for a PC gamer."
,Not Recommended,427190,33729584,Posted: 22 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"How in the world a game of this quality has a cult following I will never understand. Dead Rising is plagued with so many bad design decisions that incentivize grinding in a game that does not need it nor does its rigid gameplay excuse the slapstick comedy it wants to heavily rely on as well as its utter lunacy of a storyline. Compared to many unfinished Early Access games, this remastered classic feels so bereft of modern quality that it could be easily confused as one when played today.As I’m sure this review will be the ire of fanboys, know that I have restarted the game not once, not twice, not thrice, but four times before I stopped fighting a gun-owner without guns or trying to swing a club at a motorcycle. The fact that I had to restart the game in order to progress at all—and yes, I know that I “could” finish the three-day limit in the sandbox mode to grind—points towards a game so thoughtlessly created that only niche audiences could accept its many flaws, and this is even before I get into the gritty details of the other ways the game feels so broken.No Matter Much You Can Make Me Laugh I’m Still the Butt of the JokeIn a medium where interactivity is king, games encourage a slapstick-manner of gameplay when they use low quality animations with the appeal of picking up any object for a weapon no matter how much they suspend the player’s disbelief. This is perhaps what the intensions were behind Dead Rising as the combat system is so shallow with a façade of depth behind its agency and comic relief that it makes a game that should encourage the player’s ingenuity with the tools rather than rewarding the only means of play to fight against bosses. It's the Three Stooges' equivalent of Resident Evil as survival horror.At first glances when you are experimenting with the tools at Frank West’s disposal, there does appear to be a little more thought behind the gameplay to make it deliberately sluggish and rigid. If you are faced with a horde of zombies blocking an outside door to the lobby, it might be worth it to get a bench or lawnmower to get them out of the way, or it might be more optimal to kick a soccer-ball to knock 20 zombies down from the ricochet of one kick. Had the game continued with this line of thought behind using props like the umbrella as a shield for bullets or alternative means of thwarting bosses and the hordes of zombies, then perhaps I would have fallen in love with the comical displays.However, it quickly becomes apparent the further you delve into the second day bosses that move so quickly and punish the player for getting too close, that the player is meant to rely on firearms and other means of projectiles to win battles that do not take the player’s slowness into consideration. The worst encounter I faced thus far was the motorcycle fight where there is such a short time-frame to aim, much less to run up and swing a melee weapon, that the fight shows how broken the core gameplay is to play. Instead of being inventive, the game rewards conventional solutions that the player won’t know unless they replay the game to anticipate bosses that require guns, so as a result the player will stick with guns the entire time rather than having fun with the props.This is a concern even before the other main issue with Dead Rising, and that is the Three Day Time Limit and the way the game enforces a grind not reliant on the player’s skill but rather their arbitrary level.At Least Groundhog Day Ended At the End of the DayAs much as people complain about the time-limit of this series, the far greater issue with the original is the way it locks behind Frank West’s capabilities behind an arbitrary leveling system that encourages more restarts of the game—or grinding out the game for the 72 hours in-game to get the player at a competent level to get past the difficulty of the bosses. It baffles me how people can praise this system when the problems it creates far outweigh the niche appeal of having effects on the whole narrative by failing parts of the story over the course of several playthroughs.For starters, Frank has specific moves that are unlocked at a certain level that can make fights even within the first day more bearable than if the player is without them such as the dodge-roll. HP bars, extra attacks and maneuvers, item limits and more are all unlocked in a meta-game progression system that doesn’t reward players who earn the upgrade but rather the patience of players to grind out these systems over the course of one or two failed complete playthroughs, or having to restart the game whenever the game pushes you up against the wall that is impossible without exploiting the game. Having to restart the game in this manner is far more annoying than it has any right to be.Adding a time-limit on top of this mess with side-objectives timers, secondary bosses on timers, story-related timers, etc. are extraneous means of making the game result in failure, which seems like the worst form of padding that makes all the AI pathing issues for escort missions seem trivial in comparison. Had the game utilized these side-objectives to reward players with enough XP to make the restarts a rare occurrence, perhaps the system could be saved; however, in the state of DR as it is, unless you are someone who knows the day-by-day timers as well as the layout of the whole mall to make use of the best weapons in every encounter, the chances are against you to be doomed to start it over again, and again, and in my case, again.Cathartic Flagellation of FunAs much as I despise DR at its core, it’s a game I always wanted to enjoy once I appreciated the appeal of Japanese western-themed cheesiness from Capcom games like Resident Evil 1 and 4. While the story remains so absurd in how serious it takes itself, Frank West is the Americanized action-hero journalist who can suspend the player’s disbelief of his abilities to fight a chainsaw wielding crazy clown or fight of a horde of raincoat cultists exclaiming the doom of the world.  The lunatics and psychopaths of DR offer something of an ironic showcase of the inner demons of humanity while the player engages in the spectacle with any prop they can find to fight them off. It’s a game embodying and displaying pure Catharism that takes itself too seriously in flagellating the player of their errors and time that it forgets to  enjoy itself rather than purging its fears and emotions."
,Not Recommended,427190,25612861,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Northyew,The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and the horrible time constraints make a pretty alright game unplayable. If you want to save all the survivors good ♥♥♥♥ing luck it's impossible. If the NPCS I had to escort didn't fight every single zombie they see the game may be fun. Skip this game and move onto Dead Rising 2.
76561198170166559,Not Recommended,427190,25528932,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,JD1605,GAME DOESNT WORK!!!i watch the first the cutscene then it goes to the next loading screen (the one with franks face on) then it freezes... i cant find any guides to fix this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,427190,30157189,Posted: 24 February,all,seanbester1,"Couldn't get the game to stop crashing after the intro helicopter part.Ended up buying this again on PS4, because I was determined to play it. I regret this decision.Gameplay is slow, buggy, and unresponsive at only the worst of times. The story and voice acting couldn't be any worse, and you'll want to skip every cutscene you accidentally happen upon (because to hell with trying to play the main route when there are things to explore, right?). Exploration is completely unrewarding, imo. Yes, you can gain levels and such, but the minimal advantages it provides are never really worth it when time is running out so fast.It bewilders me how so many people love this game, whether it be for nostalgic reasons or not. Hidden beneath it, I suppose it has the makings of an okay game, but the execution is just terrible at every turn. There is literally nothing I liked about this game aside from the concept."
76561197987853835,Not Recommended,427190,30578608,Posted: 17 March,all,Rebirth Mishap,"dosen't even boot, crashes immediately"
76561198024724648,Not Recommended,427190,25594826,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Powerful President,"Huge disappointment. Most irritating game I have ever played. The survivor AI is just so awful. I know people will say, ""it's supposed to be like how people would really act in a zombie apocalypse!"" but it is annoying when you get a call from Otis when you are carrying a survivor while at the same time a survivor that has a sledge hammer is not fighting the zombies and is just way behind you getting killed. Plus if you die or crash you will have to go far back because this game has a terrible save system."
,Not Recommended,427190,25522205,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Like taking skins from a baby...,"Capcom DID NOTHING WRONG THEY ARE SAINTS!!!COLOR DLC GOOD... WTF IS ARCADE MODE??? ALL GAMES BROKEN NOW IT ""NORMAL"" SEASON PASSES AND EARLY ACCESS GAMES WITH PAID DLC IS ""FINE""TRANSFORMER T REX LAST BOSSES ARE COOLThese are the type of people that think Capcom ports are good just cause they don't crash every 2 seconds.......ARE YOU PROFESSOINAL OR NOT?????DO I GO AROUND TRASHING YOUR LIGHTS????THEN WHY ARE YOU TRASHING MY REVIEW AND DEAD RISINGS????NOOO NOOOO I DON'T NEED ANY BROKEN GAMESThey need to STOP REALEASING CASH GRAB BROKEN ""REMASTERS"".NO Don't just be sorry THINK for a Fukking minuteWHAT DONT YOU UNDERSTAND????You got any idea how distracting it is with all these Broken Season passes Day one Patches Graphics whorre Apologists walking in the backroundLike DADA DA DA DA DAFukking AMATUERS(never had casual posers, Devs and publishers behave like this on the set before)This Version supports 21:9 just look at steam community pics.(menus text everything but cutscenes that are still 16:9)Load times are nonexistant.Plus they added 5 save slots this time (instead of just the 1 on xbox 360 and 2 more with 2 memory cards since back then you couldn't use USB storage on a device with USBs.....)That's if the game will even save for you....(some people get corrupted files when saving even with admin privileges.)Music doesn't loop and survivors get stuck running into each other or walk right up to cultists to get blown up even if you have a marker set nowhere near them....Also had the game crash and freeze in overtime right before the last item and saving on the way to the safe room in the photo shop  (crashed my entire steam)i would like to tell you about this port but Game Won't even launch just crashes on start with no error message. (Windows 7)You know they didn't fix the terrible survivor A.I. (even more broken now)(and i could run Dead Rising 3 AND Arkham Knight launch day with ZERO crashes just minor bugs)Tried1.reinstalling direct X's2.verifying game cache3.restarting steam and comp4.resetting up the config fileall just BS to get you to jump through Capcoms hoops instead of blaming their no effort lacking portsdon't waste your time...(only times games don't work for me is when they are poorly done/ported)There are already cheaters on the leaderboards....http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=762868285Capcom has also banned me from the forums till exaclty a week after release about the time they go silent and dissapear with the money with the reason box left BLANK after simply warning people of Capcom practices.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=764298349**They have now removed EVERY SINGLE ONE of my comments on the DR1 thread for mentioning T.J. Rotolo (even my helpful posts actually explaining how to get the game running)So since i can't review this crap port i will list Capcom garbage practices:1.They promised a save converter when they transfered DR2 and Off the Record to Steam from Games for Windows Live that would not only convert the save but would carry over trophies that they straight up lied about as it corrupts your save and doesn't even attempt to carry over trophies....2.Charging for Color DLC3.Charging for storage DLC when it was FREE in past games4.Crap PC ports that crash when switching to fullscreen and switching sound devices.5.Charging for ON DISK DLC and cheat codes6.Cancelling every new Megaman game including Megaman Legends 3 and then blaming the fans for not supporting it when THEY DID 100 000 strong remember that????7.Turning Dante into some Emo doouche Band Member and releasing a not even half complete DMC4 TWICE...OH YEAH and installing a root kit as a ""security"" Update for a clearly barebone Early Access Street Fighter Vee(feel free to add to the list as there are so many i don't remember them all)Capcom now pulling a Hideo Trolljima with Franks voice actor for DR4 replacing him with some random dude with some BS excuse ""he's more mature"" when his DR4 dialogue makes him seem like some social media child.Also heres the links to get Franks Voice Actor back for DR4Apparently T.J. Rotollo has signed one of these so hes definetly on board.(it worked for Hitmans Voice actor to people saying it a waste of time)https://www.change.org/p/capcom-terence-j-rotolo-as-frank-west-for-dead-rising-4https://www.change.org/p/capcom-fix-frank-west-s-face-and-his-voice-dead-rising-4and again with spaces as they will try to remove the linkshttps://www.change. org / p / capcom-terence-j-rotolo-as-frank-west-for-dead-rising-4https://www.change. org / p / capcom-fix-frank-west-s-face-and-his-voice-dead-rising-4WTF is a Frank West?!? - CapcomJust get Dead Rising 2 Off the Record Cheaper and better(DR2 OtR only uses 500 000K of memory whereas DR1 takes 1,500 000K of memory)(got the game working finally i will update my review IF and when i finish it quit downvoting this old review without sayingwhy but giving color DLC a pass)"
76561197970848559,Not Recommended,427190,25500443,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[NSA]Carnage,Fixed failed to initialise directx bug but now there is no sound. It's only this game since Mankind Divided and other new games work fine. So stay far away since Capcom are known for not fixing bugs in their games.
,Not Recommended,427190,25626350,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Frederik,"If you are thinking about buying this game: Wait. The game is filled with bugs in its current state, and is almost unplayable."
76561198068908343,Not Recommended,427190,26711489,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AnKun,"Straight to businessCons:Stupid plot and characters. Cutsences are plenty, but they're boring and empty.Unbeliavably stupid AI, making survivor escorting a nightmare.The game practically force you to repeat the same tasks over and over to level up >> Mindless grind festCan't pause the cutscene. We're in 21st century, for ♥♥♥♥s sake.Pros:Funny psychos. That's it.And I didn't play the original so I can't tell anything about this whole ""not Frank"" thing, but I still can't recommend this terrible piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to anyone but hardcore fans of the series, whose existence I can hardly comprehend, to be honest."
,Not Recommended,427190,25498299,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Darkshield,"WEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLL HE AIN'T MY BOY BUT THE PORTIN' IS HEAVYSURVIVOR AI THAT BREAKS JUST LIKE A- DON'T CUT ME OFF LIKE THAT, ITS RUDE! So anyway, as I was saying..But seriously,[TL;DR, if you don't care about putting up with the same problems the original version had, go for it.]The optimization is fine, runs super bloody well, shame that the graphical touchups they did seem to have been mostly minor and don't even look that good anyway. The survivor AI that continues to be the butt of so many jokes is STILL a thing.Difficulty curve just happens out of the blue, with little indication and bare minimum resources to prepare for it. They have not included the additions they added in DR2 onwards such as moving while aiming, checkpoints, dialogue box skipping, etc.Also, ♥♥♥♥ the convicts. Seriously. 10 years on and they still such poorly designed pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198054234829,Not Recommended,427190,25557060,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tibarnius,"Digital homicide games had better shooting mechanics than this♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously, how can any game have bad shooting controls in a world where we have had doom for over two decades. Add to that the fact that the enemies who use guns are goddamn aimbots.Then theres the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, hitboxes, and script.I don't even know why I bought this, hated it on xbox too"
,Not Recommended,427190,34347799,Posted: 19 August,all,EnsArTRance,- save system sucks- weapon aiming sucks
76561198244529568,Not Recommended,427190,26624969,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PaniniWise,holy christ was this boring
76561198118605070,Not Recommended,427190,25518670,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BLOODlessRVC420,wtf
76561198173121666,Not Recommended,427190,30158851,Posted: 24 February,all,Zelgadis29,"the bosses are bull♥♥♥♥♥♥if you say i,m a crybaby your a fanboy on ez you will never beat any boss the 1st try the good wepons r to fast to brack the rest is good"
,Recommended,427190,25507823,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Small Dog Rapist,"I'd always turn in early, just to make sure i'd never miss the deadline for a happy-go-lucky-virtual-midget-black-mall-janitor.but had absolutely no issue missing over half of my deadlines for my assessment pieces during Highschool.For a game about time management, It will not teach you how to situate and manage your time in real life.Good game though"
76561198269133436,Recommended,427190,25650089,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,KBz | Itz Shankr,"The original, the best, Dead Rising.I seen this game and gave the demo a try. I loved it, constantly replaying the demo until i finally got the money to purchase the full game. Ever since then whenever the disc would stop working i would instantly get another version. I have owned this game on the 360 more times than i can remember.But this is a review for the pc version so let me beginThis is the best port for a game i have ever seen. I have not ran into one problem myself except for a crash here and now. (It has only crashed about 3 times in total for me)The devs werent lying about constant 60 fps in 4k. My pc runs at a constant 60 fps except when it drops to 59 fps for a few seconds and goes straight back to 60 fps.The game itself is a challenge on a new save. You start off weak with low stats and no special moves, making it a real challenge to get every scoop possible complete aswell as the story.The pyschopaths are easily the best in the dead rising franchise, a crazed wat veteran, escaped convicts, a crazy cult and a crazed shop owner who hates vandolism.All in all this game is possibly my most favourite game i have ever played as i was super hyped once i heard it was coming to pc for a measly £16 ($20)I would and will definatly reccommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,427190,25490904,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Brade_Runner,"Easily one of my favorite zombie games of all time. It's so damn good and the port is amazing. Well done, Cap. Well done."
,Recommended,427190,25490962,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Connur 'Muffinka' MehGrehgur,Remember to save. Thats all I gotta say.
,Recommended,427190,25488704,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tenacious,"This is the best game in the series, and after 10 years of being an Xbox 360 exclusive it's now on the PC and the port is surprisingly good"
76561198038748885,Recommended,427190,25490054,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Raynepulse,This is the best Dead Rising out of all of them tbh.
76561198042381005,Recommended,427190,25490111,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MellowDrain,This is a PERFECT port of DR1. The nosalgia is so real. I love this game. It looks so much better on PC. It even supports xbox one controllers! Awesome! Best story out of all dead rising games and for &20 it's a steal.
,Recommended,427190,25490132,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MagTheMercenary,"No launch optimisation issues. Runs as smooth as you'd expect a proper PC port to be. The AI may be as dumb as a bag full of nails, but I'm still enjoying this game regardless because I was one of those who didn't get the chance to play it back in 2006. I've literally waited 10 years just to play this on my own, and now I finally can do a Dead Rising series marathon starting from this all the way up to Dead Rising 3. It's gonna be a fulfilling zombie-killing week for me."
76561198071288548,Recommended,427190,25493284,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,lo Dr Acula ol,"Great game. Great port.Supports 4k+ resolutions, 144hz+, borderless mode, re-bindable keys, and runs like butter (over 100 fps at 4k with my 1080 for reference).If you're a fan of the series or if you just want to live in the nostalga, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,427190,25489223,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Foley,"Excellent Game, reminds me of the good times I used to play it on my 360, but with better aiming and graphics. Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,427190,25489621,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,regoating,"I've covered games, you know.I was worried about this port due to the abysmal PC version of Dead Rising 3.But it delivers. (survivors are just as moronic as ever)If I could sum this up in one word?...Fantastic!I give Dead Rising on PC an 'I've covered wars, you know out of 10.'"
76561197972529761,Recommended,427190,25489776,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,KLIFFTAR,"It seems to be a good port but I cant save. I get the error "" Failed to save game data for unkown reason"" Then it says the data is corrupt when I try to load it."
,Recommended,427190,25489944,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SpoonKai,"One of my favorite games of all time has finally made it to PC, complete with the same annoying AI... and honestly I wouldn't have it any other way.To the non believers that doesn't think Frank West is a hero deserving of our hearts... haven't you heard? He's covered wars y'know."
76561197979377071,Recommended,427190,25491577,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ScientiaEtRatio,"DX11, 4K & 4K DSR support, completely uncapped framerate, functional mouse and keyboard controls, 8xMSAA, and extremely well optimized to boot (over 200fps on my 980ti with 8xMSAA in the park @ 1080p, 110fps~ at 4K DSR and 4xMSAA). Hopefully this port done right is something Capcom will continue to do in the future unlike their previous abysmal dead rising PC ports. Easily the best version by far as I suffered through the 720p 30fps on the 360 version three seperate times."
,Recommended,427190,25503591,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Samurai Jack TH,"Very solid port, and the game is brutally fun! But save games are hard to understand at first but will get used to it soon :) great job"
76561198016550076,Recommended,427190,25502117,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,BasedMessiah,Great port of the only dead rising game that matters.
76561198093529548,Recommended,427190,25497861,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,sexually confused sponge,"Wonderful port. Runs great. Full 144 fps, no stutters, no crazy crashes, no over-the-top glitches, nothing game-breaking besides the save function not working properly.However, the game keeps saying it failed to save. But it seems to save anyway. Then when I try to load it up, it's corrupted. If I die and choose to reload a save, it freezes. I've restarted and reinstalled like 6 times now and it keeps doing it. Currently unplayable for me.Will update review once this is fixed.Edit: Have found a fix, which is running the game as administrator. It saves now so I'll switch my rating, but it should have worked out of the gate."
,Recommended,427190,25488758,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sweet Hypocrite,Well he ain't my boy but this games a heavy
76561198025293799,Recommended,427190,25488803,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kolbe Howard,One of my favorite games comes to PC and the port is fantastic. Running completely maxed out at 144 fps without my system even breaking a sweat. Absolutely recomend picking this one up. It's a very challenging unique and crazy zombie game that still holds up to this day.
76561198096426125,Recommended,427190,25488922,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Triggered Basement Dweller,Always wanted to play this game since it came out 10 years ago but had a PS3. Finally bought a 360 years later and got it but I couldn't use it often :( Now I am so happy to have this classic on my PC. Graphics run perfectly and it brings back that original Dead Rising feel. Multiple save slots this time around so that is a plus. Happy to have this as part of my collection!
,Recommended,427190,25489000,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pro CopperTail,"A classic zombie game, also runs better than Dead Rising 3!"
,Recommended,427190,25488187,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,MasterOfPie,WEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
,Recommended,427190,25508409,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Officer Farva,"Have you played Dead Rising 2 and 3 but not 1 yet? Haven't played any of them? Do yourself a damn favor and get this game. This port of the original from 2006 runs perfectly, and it is a blast to run around in the confines of Willamette Mall once again. Although its more serious in tone than 2&3, I feel that Dead Rising is the best one and always will be because of that serious tone. As you play through the game you need (well not really but you should) to rescue any survivors that you see and are told about, while completing the main quest line, taking some pictures and dealing with psychopaths. The game truly makes you feel on edge in certain moments, like you're racing against the time that has been given to you in order to complete all the tasks that you have been put up to. And just when you think you've caught up, the clunky AI will have the 6 survivors you're transporting back to the safe house sprint endlessley into a potted plant as they get horded by zombies and scream your name for help. And then some of them die and all is lost because you really wanted to save all of them. And now your last save was an hour ago, and in Dead Rising you can only save in the bathrooms (or security room), and there's rarely auto saves (unless it's for a main quest). Frustrating, but it's part of what gives Dead Rising its charm. Having to not only deal with zombies, psychopaths, survivors and the main storyline but also the games little nuances is enough to make anyone drop the game and say ""This sucks!"" But for me it makes me appreciate it that much more, because it's just another challenge that you have to adapt to and tackle. So if you get this game, don't give up easily, or early. Keep on trying to play and beat the game. And have some perseverance through the beginning, because the more you play it gets easier and more fun :)"
,Recommended,427190,25515832,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,biffa72,10 years later and it still holds up as one of the greatest games of all time.
,Recommended,427190,25547754,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ossium,"TLDR at end for impatient people.Finally after years and years of waiting we're able to relive the original zombie slashing mayhem fest on the best platform known to man. For those of you who have played the subsequent Dead Rising games but never played this game I have a word of warning: it has aged some and if you've never played this one before you might not like it based on that alone.But, on to the good stuff. This is a rather loyal port with few issues so far. The main one was the save data corruption that's already being patched (and I was able to get around by launching steam as an admin). Weapons will be where you remembered and encounters will happen where you know they would. This does also mean that there are some negatives. Once you get that certain weapon that respawns you're pretty much set for the game (you know which one) with most bosses falling to it in a matter of a few hits. You're still planted firmly in place whenever you aim a weapon and the defualt aiming is with the stick you'd use to move (if you use a controller). This can be changed in the controls menu but it's not an obvious option.Compared to the second game in the series I have to say that this one was definitely harder when I came back to it. The hordes were denser and the survivors like to get stuck on a few zombies only to promptly be swarmed by dozens more. Unfortunately, the only way to get them out is to slice at all the zombies around them and hit them in the process. During the final few side missions for rescuing the survivors this became especially apparent and rather tiresome.Despite all this, I still found myself enjoying the game and wanting to play it. Running around with a chainsaw is still fun and using the silly weapons here and there is good for a chuckle. The psychopaths are still memorable and a very nice change of pace. The story is still there (though only picks up in the latter half) and now you have five (5!) save slots so you don' get ♥♥♥♥ed hours in by a deadline.TLDR: If you played this game when it came out and enjoyed it then you'll enjoy it now. If you've never played it before but liked the second then you'll probably like this one, just keep in mind that this game is ten years old and it shows in certain mechanics. However, if you can get past that then it's still a fun game."
,Recommended,427190,25489957,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Freakin schweet!!!,Up there in my top 10 games of all time Dead Rising is finally on Pc with honestly the best port ive ever seen runs at a constant 144 fps with no stutter and the game is still as good as I remember I say it's worth the 20 bucks
76561198030404344,Recommended,427190,25528063,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SneakyBeat,"A solid port of a fantastic game. There are some refinements later entries brought that are missed when playing this game (chiefly the decent survivor A.I) but it's still a load of fun. Fair warning to you newbies though, the game isn't properly balanced so you'll need to make liberal usage of the ability to new game + at any time you like. Only people who know the game in and out are going to get the best ending on a clean save.Oh and if you play the game in windowed mode, it will keep running if you alt tab out. Very useful when waiting for a story mission to start and I imagine it will be handy for seven day survivor."
,Recommended,427190,25533126,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Chace Graves,Dead Rising 1 is a fantastic videogame and This is a fantastic port.
,Recommended,427190,25556064,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Yamato「ダークナイト」,"Thank you Capcom, for finally bringing this game to steam so I can relive all the memories I have from playing this game. It's just as good now as it was when I first played it back in 2006, and still by far the best in the whole series. Fantastic port as well. 10/10"
,Recommended,427190,25519760,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Thug Life,"A genuine surprise. This was one of the two games I held onto my Xbox 360 forIf this is a port, it is an excellent port. and a very reasonable price.Don't look for realism here, the game is very goofy and arcadey,  but if you enjoyed it on Xbox 360, you've no reason not to pick it up for PC.Now, hoping Saints Row 1 will be remastered for current gen doesnt seem like such a pipe dream."
,Recommended,427190,25521021,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,☆Ʈɵм ₦ɵɵƘ™,"as soon as it launched on steam for pre purchase, you bet your♥♥♥♥♥♥i went straight for it, This game was and still is a great time killer of fun for me, reminds me of back in 2006 when i didnt know jack about the game, and now that i do its fun to play it in a better style making use of every move I deemed useless, and even disemboweling special forces *lel* it also looks FAN-TASTIC! comes with some basic msaa and other graphical options, nothing too advanced, but admittingly the high res textures that launched with this game back on the 360 have aged very well if i do say so myself"
76561198057915353,Recommended,427190,25521607,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,PootieTang,"Great game, I do get stuck in some never ending loading screens though."
,Recommended,427190,25520489,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BubbaLegoTep,AI still braindead. 10/10
,Recommended,427190,28010978,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,loucifer,a great port of a great game. im so happy this finally came out for PC.
76561198161383534,Recommended,427190,26394031,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,No Man,"Dead Rising 2 and 3 are WAY too easy with their O.P. combo weapons.The first one is the best one, because the lack of combo weapons show what genre it is; Survival Horror.YOU HEAR THAT CAPCOM, THE SERIES IS SURVIVAL HORROR, NOT A BEAT EM' UP, STOP ADDING FILLER O.P. COMBO WEAPONS!Ahem, Pardon my sodium-induced fanboy attack.  I would choose this over Dead Rising 2 & 3 any day."
,Recommended,427190,25495909,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,puh,this game seriously makes me the happiest personits perfectbuy it
,Recommended,427190,25498479,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Puppy,"WEEEEEELLLLLLLLL HE AIN'T MY BOY BUT THE BROTHER IS HEAVY!=====================================I remember when I just got this game on my Xbox 360 and played it non-stop and still never beat it. There is a lot to do in this game you got your own zombie infested mall to mess around in with a butt ton of cool Psychopaths (Bosses) to kill and get a deadly weapon from. There is a progression system which you get from killing zombies with either a heavy attack from some weapons, special weapons from psychopaths and you useing Frank's Camera to take sexy pictures. You have a big variety of side missions with a good story to tag along. The graphics surprisingly held up for a remaster with some new graphic features such as MSAA and depth of field and more modern graphic options such as those. The optimization is very well done with no FPS lock, there is a little lag when killing zombies but nothing to pull your hair out over.======================================9/10 would drink coffee creamer again"
76561198064316457,Recommended,427190,25499231,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Chrisoo,"Fantastic game! I highly recommend this game for people who like, survival, zombies and people who like a challenge."
,Recommended,427190,25499248,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,magicmoo,At least we'll have one good Dead Rising game this year.
76561198054382860,Recommended,427190,25516305,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mo21nk,My favorite game from the 360. The reason i bought one.
,Recommended,427190,25516605,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Marrimred,"The game is a massive improvement concerning performance and looks from it's Xbox 360 predecessor and will be a massive hit for fans of the series and the game alike.However, I and many other different users have suffered DirectX start up issues (more common on Nvidia GPU's) and if you overcome them then you have sound issues and memory leaks that raise the RAM's usage up to around 6.5GB making the game literally unplayable.I recommend waiting until the game is patched properly so these issues are fixed and with that, you will have a game that is worth the money."
,Recommended,427190,25537552,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,curvy anime girl,I photo man. We go safe place now.
,Recommended,427190,25592405,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MatteoBoa,"Still good 10 years laterDead Rising first debuted on the Xbox 360 in 2006, but only came to PC these days. With more than a few tweaks for a port's standards, it will keep you busy.+ Fun, fun, fun and smart gameplay+ Good writing+ High replayability+ Optimized- Hard to manage8/10"
,Recommended,427190,25647976,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MalkiorX,"So far Extremely pleased with the game.  Been waiting for years for this to be released on PC, now im happy."
,Recommended,427190,25644968,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,dddtechie,My all time favorite games finally comes to PC!  I now have no reason to hang on to my old Xbox 360 best part is that with the settings set to low I can play this my my Surface Pro 4 tablet!
76561198065862863,Recommended,427190,25645196,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,insane101X,"Oh boy, dis' game.The controls are so janky,Voice acting near cringe worthy,Graphics are meh....AND I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT!Also, really good port! I can play this on both my laptop and desktop!"
76561198022991970,Recommended,427190,25645701,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Nkosi30,It's very satisfying to see one of the games you grew up playing as a tween get such a good port.It's honestly the 360 version of the game but in 60 frames AND THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT SO DAMN GOOD.
76561198012276280,Recommended,427190,25645801,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Gamer09,"best daycare simulator ive everplayed    53,594/10"
46489456494354648,Recommended,427190,25762479,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sonichu,"Great game, good port."
76561198048630964,Recommended,427190,25766286,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Devilock,"Used to play hundreds of hours back in 2006, still better than the other ones. Pretty recommended."
,Recommended,427190,25893260,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CinnabonNinja,"one of my all time favorite games,deadrising is amazingand the best part of is its dark & really really good story."
,Recommended,427190,27346058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pumpkin Hill Typho,"Going for the Genocide achievement is going to be the longest 3 hours of your life, unless you decide to go for the 5 day and 7 day survivors, those will be the longest 14 hours of your life, you will cry, you will shed blood, but in the end you will reing as the ultimate survivor and run around like megaman"
,Recommended,427190,27007688,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BR,This game got what you need.It got you covered.Whatchu need fam? Oh some zombies?You know we gotchu.You into that photography♥♥♥♥♥♥ No? What about clowns?♥♥♥♥ no. Nobody likes clowns. But they got one juggling god damn chainsaws. And that's what you need in your life.Boot it up and have a blast like it's 2006 again.
,Recommended,427190,26880681,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frank east,"What can I say about this game? I remember having to ask my dad to buy it for me because it was one of the first rated M xbox 360 games I bought. I went home popped it in my Xbox 360 and ever sense I have developed a love for this game like no other. I have at least over 800 hours on this game on Xbox 360 and intend to have many more on PC.PROS------1. Better story than the others.This is subjective however I feel less is more sometimes. The story is simple, but well put together and without any SO RANDUMB twists like in DR3 ending.2. Better engine/graphics----------------------------In 2 the blood pours out in buckets, in a fight of 3 zombies you can literally be covered in GALLONS of blood head to toe. The zombies in 2 are also all oddly white, and not grey or pale I mean CHALK WHITE very unpleasing look for zombies they don't look disgusting they look plastic. This game uses the MT FRAMEWORK engine an engine used by games such as LOST PLANET, DMC4, RESIDENT EVIL 5, and many more. The particle effects are subpar but the motions, animations and overall graphics are much better than Dead Rising 2 and on some points 3. Look are the running animations of DR2vs DR1. The animations in DR1 are smoother, and more lifelike than the jagid, slow, choppy animations in DR2 and partly in DR3.3. Better Zombie AI----------------------The zombies in this game actually attack you. They might not kill you everytime you play but ending a fight with a psychopath on low health and walking through crowded areas are extremely dangerous. On DR2/3 you can literally walk through hundreds of zombies and take maybe 2-3 hits MAX. The zombies are extremely UNagressive in those games.4. Better psychopaths------------------------In 2-3 the psychopaths for the MOST part are absolutely unbelieveable and unoriginal.2= a crazy motorcycle contestant? A crazy man in a full mascot suit? A crazy virgin?3= A crazy hungry fat lady? A crazy asain KUNG FU MASTER????Are you seeing a trend here? Crazy... Everyone when you meet them is already crazy for aboslutely no reason. In Dead rising 1 most psychopaths are simply ""defending themselves"" in their mind. They are pushed into the insane realm out of desperation and fear it gives you the feeling that you are fighting survivors that are simply pushed to the edge instead of fighting insane asylum patients.5. Better placement of objects/ Better design------------------------------------------------The ENTIRE pull of Deadrising wasn't to be Saints row 3/4 with zombies. It wasn't KILL ANY ZOMBIES YOU WANT WITH WACKY LASERS AND PINK BICYCLES!!!! LOLOL SO RANDUMB!!!! It was using ANY object whenever you wanted to fight off the undead horde under a strict time limit while trying to fend off insane survivors and figure out what was going on at this mall. Throughout DR2-3 you can find objects placed for convienence for the player. Simply put, why would I ever use a teddy bear, chair, garbage can, or any other object when I can combine them on a whims notice to make a teddybear chair garbage can launcher?? In dead rising 1 you HAD to use ANY object you could to keep the aggressive zombies off of you. Chairs were placed where people would sit, power tools were in POWER TOOL stores, and sharp knives were in knife shops, and the likes. In DR2-3 you can ALWAYS find 2-3 objects to make a combo weapon in EVERY store or nearby. Why is there a newspaper and a bottle of jack in a toy store? Why is there a computer case and flashlight in a gun store? Its to make the players life easier by babyfying him.CONS---------1. Worse Survivor AI---------------------The survivor AI is noticeably worse in this game and make rescuing them a hasstle. It is one of the few things they corrected in later instalments2. Harder for beginners-------------------------The time limit will make you fail. You more than likely wont get the ""ture ending"" (inside joke for those who played the xbox 360 version) your first try. However this encourages replays. It makes you go through the game mulitple times to level up. This is were later instalments fall short. Why would I go back to a game that I beat and 100% the first time? The timer is hard but encourages you to get better. However I put it as a con becuase many people may not like it.3. Less Zombies on screen-------------------------------Since it is an older Dead Rising less zombies could be fit on screen and with zombie pop up in the background then it may not feel like a HORDE is coming your way untill you make it underground.All in all this is not only my favorite Dead Rising but my favorite video game as well. I have put countless hours into ALL the dead risings and shamefully await Dead Rising 4 just to say I played it and to see what they do with the game. My hope are not high but only time will tell.DO GET THIS GAME IF = you want a decent challenge with a ""dawn of the dead"" esque feel, use ANY weapon you can to defend yourself, or want a game with an unoriginal yet good story with no LOL IM ACTUALLY THE VILLAN moments.DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF = You don't like challenge or failing, you don't like no hand holding, you NEED to complete everything the first time around.10/101/111# gameHELLO? IS ANYONE THERE!??!!?!?"
,Recommended,427190,26059751,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Din Viesel,Tennouttaten
,Recommended,427190,25974657,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Bart,"This is so stupid and over-the-top, me and my brother are having a blast. Most zombie games take themselves so seriously, this is so silly and it's great."
76561198095299864,Recommended,427190,26715746,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Bane of Your Asshole,"Well he ain't my boy but the brother is heavyGave away my possessions and moved into a chevyVan, yeah, that's the master planDrive into the woods and eat corn out the canYeah, I gave it all away, the hard rock bandThe groupies the booze, the all night jamsNow all these fans, asking where did he go?Meditating on a rock letting go of the egoSo rappin' with the squirrels is the way of the mountainThey took half my nuts and berriesAnd riddled who's counting?Bit my finger with the truth, the blood was spoutingNow my cup overfloweth, just like a fountainSeen birds in the sky, trees inbetweenGrubs in the ground, it was so sereneThe sky was blue, yeah the grass was greenAnd that's three square meals if you know what I meanSo now I wake up every morning with a fat cup of♥♥♥♥♥♥My third eyes open so give me some swiss missSaw a thirty foot fairy walking down your streetThough I was down with God I had to yell retreatBecause I gone guru, so cut the ballyhooRock the tamborines and the didgeridooSet the animals free from the pimpin zooAnd I'll elevate your mind like airplane glueOut in the desert on a three day stintI had a revelation and I made a mintSo take a hint and won't you join the clubSend your wife to my hut for the body rubLet you go guru in the SubaruFour wheel drive to the communePick up the crewAnd we out to the zen monastery on the prairieWhere I milk the holy cow but quit the dairySnowboarding with the yeti eating vegi spaghettiDon't have to live like no refuge, peace to tom petty!Ready steady spiritually growTil' I found out my boy worked for the COINTELPROGram damn now I gots to scramAnd start handing out my leaflets in BethlehemCause the bibles played out so I'm writing a new textWe are all one, so what's the problem with group sex?And so many children want to join the foldMike Love on line two, put that sucker on holdAnd shine, to thine own self be trueThey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guruYeah shine, to thine own self be trueThey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guruYou got to shine! to thine own self be trueThey can't tell you what to do when you've gone guruGone guru in my new nehruSo rock the tamborines and the didgeridooI'll deliver whover pays what's dueThat's nine for me and one for youAw, yeah, we got it going on and it's strong up in here tonightWe got that incense, burningWe got them peacock feathers, ticklingWe got all that cuckoo karma connection, that you can useSo come on people, get with the program, we can get this together...Tonight!Too many wives for ohio they were looking to try meSo I got twelve divorces said hello HawaiiArrived without traveling they lost my bagsAnother trial for my people, don't scratch the Jag!You know they say hang loose, but they really don't mean it!Deported me to Rio and you watched it on CNETNew, chumps had me singing the bluesTil' thirty thousand showed up with the right to chooseRose petals in path milk in my bathAnd now harrison ford wants my autographI laughed when we met cause he busted a sweatThen I stuck out my tongue he donated a jetCold stole the spotlight from the Dalai LamaCause my crews coming tight in the orange pajamasGot sixteen caddies and twenty-nine rolls♥♥♥♥ the shoes I transcended the soleWith constant expansion I live in a mansionGetting jiggy with Madonna and Marilyn MansonSixty minutes expose taxes you never paidPapparazzi! code blue! down toupee!Yes I'm starting to age I can feel it in my bonesMy advisors tell me, start thinking bout clonesFound out! heaven is a place on earth!I cut off my head it cost all I was worthCryogenic robot, now my head can spinI'll be around a million years, let the party beginParty robot, now my head can spinI'll be around a million years let the party beginGone guru, new nehruRock tamborine and didgeri tooMust free animals from pimpin zooDeliver who? 2+2Gone gone g gone gone gone gone gone gone gone goneGone gone g gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone10/10 would go guru in a park again"
,Recommended,427190,26786791,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alx,"This is a very good version of a very good game. It has a lot of jank you have to look past, but that is also part of the charm."
,Recommended,427190,26776369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JustaHamsandwich,This is my favorite game of all time
,Recommended,427190,26485924,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,David0vić,"Dead rising is a very average zombie game but one that i think is still worth trying out. A lot of things annoy me about the game which prevented me from really enjoying myself like the survivors ai, their pathfinding is horrendous and when they get killed you feel like breaking something it gets really annoying. The game also has some of the worst bossfights i have ever seen in a video game.  You’re not playing this game for the story as well that’s for sure because it is unbelievably cheesy with resident evil 1 levels of writing and voice acting. The protagonist Frank West is one of the most reta*ded and unlikable characters I have ever played in a video game. You rely on the gameplay to pull yourself through the game, killing zombies and playing through those main missions is pretty fun it’s just those annoying side missions in between the main missions where you have to escort survivors back to base and the awful boss fights is what almost kills this game for me. The mall is a cool setting for the game and it allows you to be creative with the weapons you choose, the setting and freedom is what makes this game unique.5/10 (Average)"
,Recommended,427190,26981101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gothbot6k,Frigggin loved this game on the 360 so glad it came to PC years later as an awesome port! Keep up the good work capcom!
,Recommended,427190,26955214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alex,I managed to create an army of dumb AI armed to the teeth with shotguns and explosives.10/10
,Recommended,427190,25601664,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ClassicTruckGuy420,George A. Romero would be proud. 10/10 severed hands.
,Recommended,427190,26999190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viravax,"Dead Rising was one of the first games I ever played on my older cousin's Xbox 360 back in 2006. I remember playing it and immediately falling in love with the game; running around and hitting zombies and kicking the soccer ball at them always filled me with joy.Cut to about a year later and I got my very own Xbox 360 and this was the very first game I bought. I spent hundreds of hours on my Xbox, playing this game and enjoying the everliving hell out of it. Over time, my Xbox died out and I wasn't able to play the game anymore as getting any game to run on that Xbox was just a nightmare to run, and eventually I moved over to Playstation and PC, and it was a long while since I had played it.Then I see that Dead Rising was being remastered for the PC and now it's here. It's still just as amazing as I remembered it and it was great to begin playing it again from the start and rexperiencing everything that I did almost 10 years ago. Now, it's not a perfect game. There's plenty of little issues with the game (the AI companions, the shooting mechanics, etc), but the remaster kept all of those features just like how they were in the old games, which is one of the nice things of a remaster; giving the game a fresh look but keeping the exact same feel.The port runs very well for me with little to no issues and I've had a blast playing it. If you've never been able to play it before, I highly recommend picking it up when you can, becuase it is a gem of a game to play through and is the best one in the series in my opinion; and always will hold a special place in my heart for me."
76561198074319414,Recommended,427190,27007827,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Saint Seiya,"You can kill zombies and take erotic photos while using a dress, also you can kill anyone on the game, what else  is better than that? lol."
76561198119701795,Recommended,427190,26512773,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Donald Dank,"This game is my childhood, and I'm so happy to reunite with it 10 years later in 1080p 60fps! I highly recommend getting this game or even better, the Dead Rising Triple Pack!!! The first hour I played it I already got flashbacks of the following; Panicking during psychopath boss battles because I didn't save since the beginning of the game, ""I've covered wars you know"", and killing innocent survivors through out the mall. So hype for the return of Frank West in Dead Rising 4! But since this review is one mainly Dead Rising 1, I'm going to give it a; 10/10 for having fun ♥♥♥♥ing around, an 11/10 for 72 hour mode (Story Mode) difficulty, and a 10/10 for no lag and 60fps 1080p. I love this♥♥♥♥♥♥ XD"
,Recommended,427190,26380128,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,zzombie13,"Dead Rising is my absolute favorite game. I love the humor, the whimsy, the silliness but also the story, the gameplay, and while it's much easier on PC with the multiple save slots, I even enjoyed the difficulty of the 360 version back in 2006. It was unapologetically and unforgetably unique. And I believe it's safe to say that it still is.By todays standard, zombie games are a dime a dozen. Literally during some Steam Sales. But Dead Rising still stands out. It offers a huge playground full of enemies, a simply insane number of items and systems you can use to fight those enemies, and an entertaining story to tie it all together.Freelance Photojournalist Frank West is on a mission to find a story he can document and report on. His leads send him to Willamette Colorado to uncover why there is a freeze on information coming out after reports of civil unrest. Upon his arrival, he finds that this is no riot, but an outbreak of zombies unlike anything the world has known... or so he believes. As the story progresses you'll learn the major players, where the zombie virus originates, and how it found its way to this small Colorado town. And you'll have to do so while battling with a unique set of villains, labeled ""Psychopaths' in the game, who will work to thwart your attempts to uncover THE FACTS at all costs.If you were a fan of the 360 version, this new PC release is better than ever. It fixes many of the major complaints from the 2006 release. Namely the load times are now tolerable where once they were unbearable and you also now have 5 save slots rather than the original 1. The game looks great considering it's age and it plays as well as ever. Tight controls and a system for upgrading unlike any you've played before. You may start out as a lowly photographer with a gut and a bulbous nose, but by the time you reach level 50 Frank has essentially become a zombie killing machine with ninja reflexes and speed to match. Fight zombies and Psychopaths with anything you can pick up, and you can pick up almost everything, or use your bare hands as your skills moves fill out over the course of leveling up.For those who never played Dead Rising back when it was a new game, you should consider picking this game up and get ready for a treat! Admittedly though, as I said in the opening of this review, I am a full blown fan. I'd never pretend that this is a perfect game because it does have it's flaws, but they are minor and in this new PC release many of the old complaints have been fixed completely.Consider giving this one a try! I don't think you'll be disappointed. :)"
,Recommended,427190,26857155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nexvix,"Best zombie escort quest since carrying my little brother through ""Zombies Ate My Neighbors"""
,Recommended,427190,26861371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jearald,Great game. Amazing port to PC. Only downside is the survivors seem like they want to be left behind and run to push zombies sometimes
76561198046997596,Recommended,427190,26736657,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Iamurcouch,Fantastic port. Constant 60fps with good controls. Only thing is that if you use a mouse and keyboard then some of the moves can be a little tricky to pull off.
,Recommended,427190,26722457,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,wang,"a must buy for fans of the series!but unlike the other games (mostly dr3), the original requires a brain believe it or not!this is fr a masterpiece. i nearly came when i heard that it was coming back and on steam!its challenging, fun, expansive, and has soooo much replay value! jus buy it bro.."
,Recommended,427190,26920224,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PlzKillme,This game spawned a great new way of playing a zombie game. Its gameplay is so unique and then the boss fights feels just right. The story is pretty wacky but in its own way it works out. This game isn't supposed to be taken like seriously which really makes it great. I seriously recommend anyone who wants a really fun zombie survival game to play this! Nothing is more fun then mowing down zombies with a lego head or mega man helment =)
,Recommended,427190,27060621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Muffin King,This is a great port and a well done remaster. If you loved Dead Rising then get this game!
76561198048108721,Recommended,427190,27058336,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Archer, Leader of the Gorgonites",the best of the series. the ones after feel like cheap spin-offs
,Recommended,427190,27059396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lasfial,its a good game and its not Dead rising 3 or 4
76561198028490594,Recommended,427190,25931722,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chunk Spadoodie,"The dead are rising, but everyone's favorite photojournalist will make sure that they will fall again."
76561198044407166,Recommended,427190,26091116,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,HAPPYDOG4434,"10 Reasons to get this game;1. Watch as an old lady throws 2 full grown men across the room to save her ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little dog2. The first two people you save, who couldnt find each other, even though they were next to each other. Spoiler, they're the same character model. Just one looks more woman like. (Jeff)3.Blonde girl falls and breaks leg or something4.Ottis stil has no voice5.Ottis will still call you just for a chat.....Every....Damn...Minute...6.Zombies with knives7.Zombies with guns8. A room full of 40 zombies...All identical in dress....and look exactly the same... Must have been a con or something9. Putting plastic heads on zombies never gets old.10. Honestly one of the best games in in the world.. Plays so well."
,Recommended,427190,26183580,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RuleBlader,"I originally had Dead Rising for the xbox360 and I really enjoyed my time with it, needles to say I bought it as soon as I heard it came out for PC.The beginning of Dead Rising is quite punishing but gets more fun the more time passes.The game has a really strict time schedule meaning that every specific time a story elements happens if your not at the designated area at the specific time you ruin the entire story and cant get the good ending anymore.Being that Dead Rising is a semi-open world game, some people could really dislike this, I thought it was pretty interesting but also restricts you from exploring the world.Having said that, it's a really enjoyable game with smooth controls."
,Recommended,427190,25599060,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,thor32123,"It is the game that strated it all so it goes without saying that this is a good game but like the first of many things it has flaws.  I mean sure if you buy the game for the pure nostalgia then sure this game got it all but if you think they fix every thing then that's were you're wrong for the game is basically a port from the BASE GAME of the xbox so it has a few things that arn't up to par to today's game but other than that it is a fun game overall.  For those of you who want to know what's not up to par well I'm not sure if it's just me but there are times that the frame rate will drop drastically and I don't think it's my computer because I can run Fallout 4 just fine on high, another thing is when I do the jump kick move the kick lands but the zombies sometimes grab me from the air so yeah, lastly the NPCs sometimes get stuck on the step right outside the exit vent and well so far only one of the NPCs that climb up then fell through the floor and a bit later I got the message that he died so just watchout for that.I know it's an old game but the bugs are very annoying when you're trying to do something then having to restart it again.overall the game is not bad and I thnk it's like a 6.5/10 to a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,427190,25613787,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Brodeany,This is a FAN-TASTIC port of the original game that was on the 360. Runs like a dream. My only major problem with it is that even on a high end machine it crashes quite often but despite that I managed to finish the game. I'm sure Capcom will bunk out the crashing issues really soon. But for now just save often or else you will be frustrated when it craps out on you for no visible reason.
76561198061470554,Recommended,427190,25599813,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Companion Can,"WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!It's a bloody good port, the only differences from the original are a higher res, 60fps and the brilliant addition of being able to read the text. Everything else is the same, a perfect remaster and I couldn't ask for more.Cheers Capcom, you finally worked out how to do a good port of a Dead Rising game, good job it was on the original one too."
76561198232511616,Recommended,427190,25610006,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Nev,"As someone who has never played a dead rising game before I was a little put off by the first 10 minutes of gameplay and thought that was all the game had to offer. After the initial confusion I was right into the action, the in game tutorial does a good job of letting you know how to play and the game is very intuitive too.The story seemed decent however, a little confusing at times. I'm left with the sense that the story goes deeper than it first seems. This made me especially curious when I was confronted with case making gameplay.Overall for me it was a fun game, not to be taken seriously and relieves your itch for mass zombie killing with the tool of your choice.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1z1oOfhVW-g"
,Recommended,427190,25604602,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Blueninja1800,Played this game when I was a kid long ago when it game out :) The port is very good and the game is exactly as i remember it...yes including the aweful AI. Sad isnt it. But other than the few problems with the original there are few other problems. I would say pick this game up for sure if you havent played it! Has lots of replay value and you wont want to put it down.
,Recommended,427190,25599878,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Killswitch1027,Very solid port
,Recommended,427190,25488206,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Spooks McGrim,Oh no I ran into Kent.My photography PTSD is kicking in.Oh dear god.-1/10
,Recommended,427190,25488324,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ghost of the Bastard Man,GET BRAD THE DAMN MEDICINE
,Recommended,427190,25488668,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,NickInUHD,Ten years later...
76561198011361802,Recommended,427190,25488750,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SENPAI NOTICE ME!,I absolutly loved this game when it came out for the 360. I was dissapointed that they didn't have the first Dead Rising for steam for such a long time but they had the 2nd and 3rd game. As soon as I found out it was coming to steam I bought it immediatly. The game runs smoothly I thinks it's a good port.
,Recommended,427190,25721274,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Scooter (Serenausagi),I love it and it is an  excellant port first time ive played it cause i do have it on console but very fun and good grpahics considerng the year it was made. Have fun Zombie killing cause i know i will :D
,Recommended,427190,25742387,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Alan Tryth,"Probably one of my favorite zombie series of all time. Running around the mall using everything you can find to take out zombies has always been a blast, and though the crafting system in Dead Rising 2 and 3 made them more fun, you have to give props for the original.This was a good port in my opinion; controls work well, and I haven't encountered any bugs myself as of yet.It wouldn't be fair, however, to mention some of the problems that were translated over from the XBOX360 version. There is no autosave, meaning that sooner or later you're going to lose an hour of progress because of a moment of carelessness. Otis's interruptions are annoying, and can even get you killed (seriously, we couldn't have a radio off option?) and while the average zombie won't give you any problem, the psycopaths can be incredibly frustrating, easily absorbing multiple guns worth of ammo and your best weapons.On the other hand, you can save at any restroom in the mall, and you don't actually have to fight most of the psycopaths. You don't even really have to follow the story, and I would actually recommend first time players do just that; run around the mall, save a few people if you want, and experiment with the various means of zombie smashing; your level can be carried over to new games, even if you restart in mid-game. There's a lot of fun to be had here ... though I still wish Infinity mode had a multiplayer option."
,Recommended,427190,25800729,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tom,Great port. Highly recommend you use a controller.Extremely well optimized - never dropped below 60 fps with 2160x3840 resolution.
,Recommended,427190,25783492,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AbsurdBlue,"Killing zombies like it's 2006I'm so glad they decided to release this for Pc. I have been thinking about revisiting this wonderfully quirky game for years now.Despite being a decade old, the game has held up very well. They've made some visual updates, but they are just minor things, such as better textures for some characters and objects.The port is well functioning. Unlocked framerate and a few basic graphics options. The framerate and frametime is stable for most part. There is a 2 frame drop at times when you strike zombies, but I think that's an intentional effect to give combat more ""weight"" to it?This is a nice treat for all the old school fans"
76561197980653742,Recommended,427190,25784060,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Buffalo Bill,"Ah yes, the original pioneer of the open-world-crafting-zombie-apocalypse-genre, before it got unbelievably stale. This will also always be the best in the series because tonally, it strikes a nice balance between seriousness and slapstick humor, unlike 2, 3 (and now 4 based upon the previews) where everything is LOL LOOK HOW WHACKY THINGS ARE Youtuber-bait. Runs like a dream on PC, shooting controls still suck, AI is still so inept that I'm pretty positive it was a conscious design decision, and wearing the children's outfit is of course still the most horrific part of the game. Certainly recommended if you can get past some of the more archaic gameplay aspects. 9/10."
76561198082795589,Recommended,427190,25915161,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Belbew,"Very fun zombie game despite it being 10 years old. A few bugs, AI can be♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes but its super fun mowing down hordes with all different kinds of weapons. You can even liteerally mow down a horde of zombies with a lawn mover. ♥♥♥♥ing 9/10, an amazing game."
,Recommended,427190,25872815,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,GhostWolf1988,It is a REALLY fun game! 9/10 ^^
,Recommended,427190,27587543,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Minimal Wear | Black Kid,Get this instead of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 4th one
,Recommended,427190,27863325,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pydda,THIS IS MY GAAAAAAAAAAMEEEEEE!!
,Recommended,427190,33168049,Posted: 2 July,all,Stanley Yelnats IV,This game is a absoulte classic. I remember in 2006 it was the first M rated game i played. Its been 11 years and this game looks better with HD 1080P 60Fps. I would recommend.
76561198202160232,Recommended,427190,25793061,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DogeStudios,Better than 4
76561198055276201,Recommended,427190,33110774,Posted: 1 July,all,Freezer,"The game has its many issues but I'd be lying if I said this wasn't my favourite entry in the series. Each sequel made the game easier and less Dead Risingish than the last. The time limit here is phenonimal and will lead to a lot of mistakes with new players which encourages replayability and masterty. The fact you can't make your own custom over powered weapons will lead to you feeling weaker and more in danger which is a great feeling that really only the original Dead Rising accomplishes. The map is small enough to remember every inch of it but big enough to feel intimidating and time consuming to traverse. It also feels the most like a living, breathing place. Finally the story is actually good here which we all know is a rare occurance for the series.If you want a big sandbox game with zombies: play Dead Rising 4If you want a big sandbox game with zombies, a timer and some Dead Rising feel: play Dead Rising 3 (only play Nightmare mode obviously)If you want a relatively big sandbox game with a relatively more strict timer and a lot of Dead Rising feel: play Dead Rising 2 and/or Off The RecordIf you want the quintessential Dead Rising game: play this"
76561197961448101,Recommended,427190,33261954,Posted: 4 July,all,Originalgamer13,"im not sure about anyone else , but i had major controller issues using a xbox 360 controller. expected more had to refund it."
76561198065278345,Recommended,427190,33264887,Posted: 5 July,all,Mario (Real),"Very fun game. I like all the charming charaters especially the psychopaths, It just feels cool to fight them."
,Recommended,427190,28020079,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Totally not Mike Enoch,"Jessie: I've gotta help Brad... Or he is done for.Frank: Alright fine. Give me your gun. Come on. I'm the reason you just got hurt. Let me help.Proceeds to ♥♥♥♥ around, put on women's & children's clothing, save suvivors, and kill zombies for 72 hours wile Brad is still fighting carlito at the food court. some say that they're still fighting a battle across time over a stone mask."
76561198065752797,Recommended,427190,33320960,Posted: 6 July,all,I NEED HEALING,"This is one of my favorite games of all times and it, to me, aged very well over the years. While it is still easy to cheese, it was a lot of fun to perfect again, even the 7 day survivor achievement."
,Recommended,427190,33343681,Posted: 7 July,all,furiouswizz,Hello?  Anyone there?Follow Me!  C'mon!I've covered wars you know...
,Recommended,427190,33421433,Posted: 9 July,all,FRAAAAANK West,Truly one of the greatest video games of all time. Not just because you can dress Frank up in a servbot mask and dress. Honest.
,Recommended,427190,33297002,Posted: 5 July,all,mentatparadigm,"Dead Rising is the reason I bought an XBox 360 back in 2006. I have played every game in the series several times. I say this so you know where I'm coming from when I say that this game has not aged well.The graphics hold up surpringly well and performance is a non-issue; Virtually everyone should be able to play this game with the graphics settings maxed and 4K is a breeze on mid-range to high end hardware. Some of the NPC models look blocky but for a 10 year old game it holds up surprisingly well.What hasn't aged as well is the gameplay. The sequel, Dead Rising 2, had so many little, almost invisible tweaks to the formula that really made the gameplay so much more enjoyable. I had forgotten just how frustrating the first game could be. Save points are infrequent; If you don't memorize their locations and plan your trip accordingly, be prepared to repeat long stretches of difficult gameplay. Several of the bosses (called ""Psychopaths"") will have you yelling at the screen and ready to throw your controller in frustration. This game truly was the Dark Souls of its time.The Survivors' AI is every bit as terrible as you've probably heard. They'll run into walls, flail about in a crowd of zombies and will push your patience to its limits. It'll take every bit of your resolve not to murder them yourself. And oh god, I'll hear that tranceiver ringing in my sleep tonight.Like the Souls series, however, there is an immense satisfaction from coming up with a strategy and finally besting that Psychopath who's had you pulling out your hair for hours if not days. The game strongly encourages multiple playthroughs as it is virtually impossible to complete every side quest your first time through.At any point, the player can opt to save their current status and start a new game, carrying over their level from the previous playthrough. I actually did this by accident and, while I was a little annoyed by my mistake at first, starting off at lvl 20 does make the game significantly less frustrating.If you've never played a Dead Rising game, I recommend watching a few videos of the game as no words I can string together will adequately describe the chainsaw-weilding, judo-throwing, cosplay insanity that comprises the gameplay. It's not for everyone but if you like your zombies hillarious and terrifying at the same time and you're not afraid of a challenge, give Dead Rising a try."
76561198321523712,Recommended,427190,32159404,Posted: 3 June,all,cheezy621,I loved every second of this game its very fun I played on the 360 back when it first came out I was probably 6 or 7 I never beat it back then but now im finna be 17 in 19 days I've played thia game so many times on pc and beaten it at least 6 times on here i would recomend to a friend aand i love this game and the franchise :) 10/10
76561198063182141,Recommended,427190,30977001,Posted: 6 April,all,Dredded_Cyborg,"Only bug i know of, is the Original game breaking one in infinity mode on like day 4 or somthing. Completely avoidable to so no need to worry.Other than that Dead Rising is one of those games where there is literally so much to do that you can't do everything in first play through.The Story is still one of my favorite naratives for the zombie Genre.For example when I was younger I never did the 7 day survivor or the zombie genocider Achievements. They were too hard for me to do. Older me did those no problem, just time consuming and require patience. Some of the rewards for those Achievements are SUPER worth the grind, others, i still wonder why 14 hours of playing only give you Boxers to wear ( 7 day survivor).The AI is kinda klunky, atleast you can actually do stuff WITH the survivors unlike DR4.....Anyway I bought this game the moment I seen it on steam, in September of 2016. I really think it is one of the best Zombie games Ever."
,Recommended,427190,32780969,Posted: 25 June,all,Anal Crust,"First off, because like many others, I bought the other Dead Rising games on steam and was bummed out to find that they weren't optimized in the slightest. With that being said, Dead Rising runs seemingly better on PC. The controls feel much more responsive, the framerate feels improved, and they gave us more QOL things such as multiple save slots that the original version on the 360 didn'nt.Would recommend this game to anyone who loved the original on xbox or liked the other games because this game is the crown jewel of the entire series hands down."
,Recommended,427190,30291143,Posted: 3 March,all,Mom's Spaghetti,Y AC A N TB E ES R S (Serious) ? ? ? ? ?W H A TA R EW ED O I N GH E R E ? ? ? ? ?N OW A Y ! ! ! ! !M A D O N N A ! ! ! ! !
,Recommended,427190,28701058,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Orangebrew,"GreatA wacky zombie survival, where almost anything is a weapon."
,Recommended,427190,28983555,Posted: 3 January,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Beat this game long ago, try to see how far I can get playing blindly once again after all these years.Complete the obnoxious photographer quest with that creepy guy and then head outside to be greeted by the games amazing soundtrack and to greet the men in orange in the military jeep. Proceed to shotgun the man in the gunner seat like a boss and then the one with the bat and then the driver finally(shotgun was acquired at the part where you are told to run up the stairs) and then I round up some survivors and head back through the outside area to bring them back to the saferoom and behold the battle music started up again much to my confusement. The convicts were back from the dead via a glitch that I completely forgot about after all these years. I successfully fight them off with an UZI only to have the message ""____ has become undead"" pop up on the screen. (yes I really did forget how wimpy the NPCs AI survival instincts were) pushing forward despite losing a member of the living to the undead I run to get the security room spamming the COME ON! command so the AI wouldn't get stuck in a suicidal ""hey i should swing at the zombies for five hours instead of bypassing them"" loop. Needless to say I got to see the ""___has become undead"" message pop up 2 more times before i got to the security room and then i died myself after wasting all but one square of my health trying to save the mentally challenged ""survivors"" i was tasked with rescuing. 10/10 the AI is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i had to set aim to right mouse button and camera to Q so i didnt get cancer trying to use the default controls but damn this game really makes you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥when people die and actually has a nice balance of difficulty/horror/comedy/mystery/tension/action/artistry in amounts that the sequels all lacked to varying degrees. If only they could come out with coop for Dead Rising 1 and not replace a beloved voice actor and screw over everything the original experience did well with the sequels"
76561198134122075,Recommended,427190,28954289,Posted: 2 January,all,Brunkus,"This game is literally perfect. I don't know what happened between this one and the sequels, but Dead Rising 1 is the best zombie game I've played in my whole life."
,Recommended,427190,29029180,Posted: 5 January,all,Birthday Cat.,"Dead rising is a great game with fun gameplay and overall good story 10/10---------------------------------------Probably one of my favorite games to play when none of my friends are on to play and come on man, Its Frank West, the person who was the Ultra good reporter who has covered wars ya know?---------------------------------------In my final rating i would say this game is.... FANNNN-Tastic!"
,Recommended,427190,28025639,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,"Exactly as I remember it. Escorting survivors still gives me an aneurysm, and boss battles are epic as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,427190,25504365,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Bansic,"Originally I gave this game a bad review because of the Corrupted Save glitch, but since that's been patched I was finally able to play this game.Gameplay overall is pretty fun. Mindlessly barreling through zombies with a park bench is oddly satisfying and it renders using guns (a popular staple in many zombie based games) completely unnecessary except for boss fights. Also, the voice acting is actually pretty fantastic, even by today's standards.However, the AI in this game is so horribly underwhelming that every time I get a call from Otis telling me about survivors, I audibly groan because I know that more than likely the survivors will die purely because they try very hard to. It may be just because I've been spoiled by the beautiful AI in modern games, but it still bothers me incredibly that I can't do everything that the game designers wanted me to due to the sheer difficulty of doing it.While I would recommend this game, I wouldn't do so for the missions, but just the sandbox portion of it.6/10"
76561198118235378,Recommended,427190,27605617,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pelican,"Come for the nostalgia, stay for ""Gone Guru"""
76561198106338948,Recommended,427190,29254671,Posted: 14 January,all,eric310,Dead Rising is a very fun game and would recomend it to anyone looking for good laugh and or story as this game has that.This is probably the best Dead Rising game out now if your a not looking for goofy super weapons and zombies who are not even real threats anymore.
76561198032228446,Recommended,427190,29260332,Posted: 14 January,all,The Demon Of Pwnage,"While Dead Rising may not be the best in the graphics department, the gameplay is amazing! I remember going through the Willamette Mall back in 2007 and loving/dreading every painstaking minute of it. The difficulty is not as high as I remember but it is still worth it. Be it trying to fight convicts who can instantly destroy your health in seconds to a vietnam vet who was experiencing PTSD this game has the realism that the sequels could not copy. Over the years Capcom started to make each game more and more chaotic and insane when it comes to bosses and weapons. Personally none of the other games could beat the original in terms of replayability and difficulty.TL:DR Dead Rising has the challenge and realism that the newer titles have yet to copy.8/10"
76561198011125511,Recommended,427190,29724631,Posted: 5 February,all,KrYp70N-D4v1Nc1,"Deadrising was originally released on the xbox360 and at the time proved that vast zombie hordes were capable of being rendered with good graphics. The controls made sense even though being forced to stand in one place to aim was frustrating at times it still made sense due to the fact that frank even states he has never fired a weapon at someone before in the intro chapters. The AI for the humans was more than irritating though. And unless you knew exactly what to do many of the psychos were nigh impossible without tons and tons of food. This PC variant doesn't state that it is a remastering of the original even though it is and improves upon many aspects of the original game. The Graphics have improved quite drastically if you do a side by side comparison. The AI has also improved(more so for the zombies than the humans) the psychos react more appropriately to combat and the humans follow commands better. However I find that there are several human survivors more interested in sobbing in the center of a horde of zombies than fighting or following orders(can be a minimal issue with the help of a magazine that improves survivor confidence). It also seems as though all dlc is included and controller support is fully functional. The story for this thing is not entirely required to complete the game but I highly recommend playing through the story as it can be pretty interesting compared to most zombie games. The story pushes you to do things quickly so pathway flow from survivor to survivor to psycho to safe house can and is very important(be sure to plan ahead and map your route). The variety of weapons, toys, abilities, and costumes is almost unrivaled only to its sequels(some special costumes grant powerful abilities or weapons as well). There is also drivable vehicles though very few. In conclusion I highly recommend this game and I thoroughly enjoyed playing through it again."
,Recommended,427190,29675390,Posted: 3 February,all,Shmooooey :3,"The game, that started the series, about killing zombies in funny ways! Originally released in 2006, as an Xbox 360 exclusive.While it was praised, it had a lot of issues:-This game had the most notorious A.I. in gaming. Survivors were SO dumb, everyone, who played this game, hated them.-Otis Washington.F**k that guy-Weird animationsAnd that's as much as I remember...anyway, after 10 years, it was released to 8th Gen consoles. While the game is not bad at all, all the issues, that this game had a decade ago are still present...the A.I. is still braindead and there's no way to fix them.In conclusion, despite the issues, this game is not bad at all. At least, fans of the 2nd,OTR and 3rd games finally get to taste the first one.However, here's what you should consider before buying it.That is, if you played 2nd or OTR games before:-Like I said, get used to A.I.-NO. COMBO. WEAPONS.-Not as much time between the cases,like the 2nd game had-You don't have to worry about Zombrex-You don't need to earn money-Guns are more important in this game-Harsher difficulty curve-No Skateboards(Optional)-No Online ModesThose who played 3rd game and not/before 2nd or OTR, get used to:-Open world is small-Again,NO. COMBO. WEAPONS-NO. COMBO. VEHICLES.-Again. Bloody A.I.-No co-op-Hard Bosses"
,Recommended,427190,29813271,Posted: 9 February,all,MagicMairou,"I wanted this game so bad when I got my Xbox 360. It was really cheap and I could have easily acquired it, but never got around to it. Well, I decided to get this for myself as birthday present and man is it a good game. Might be the best zombie game I have ever played. The mechanics are a bit clunky, but that adds a ton of charm to this game and the game doesn't seem to have any problems graphically or gameplay wise. Losing the game, because of time limit isn't that big of a deal, because it has a sort of new game+ system that let's you start a new game on top of the failed one so you can keep all the levels you have acquired to make it easier for the second time going through it. Exploration of the mall and finding all sorts of good stuff and weapons is also very useful so keep your eyes open."
,Recommended,427190,25490078,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Awestehn,Best game in my library 10/10
,Recommended,427190,31260417,Posted: 20 April,all,[TDG] AGirlHasNoName,Love zombie games. As I'm normally a console player I tried my hand at PC instead and really enjoyed it as much as I did on PS
,Recommended,427190,25537200,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Gridalien,"First game I'd owned on the Xbox 360 back in 2006 when I was a kid. Kept the very same CD and case until about a month ago, when I'd finally decided to pawn in all the old stuff I'd played. Knew this would be coming out, so I wouldn't miss the game much.I'm pleasantly surprised at the stability of the game. I clocked in 17.3 hours in a SINGLE SESSION of gameplay, just because I was so addicted to playing the game again. Although the game is improved for PC and looking fine, framerates kinda drop when facing a horde of zeds. Oddly enough, this only really happens outside of the Maintainance Tunnel, so I guess there are a few points of optimization missed during the port. Performance will chug if you find yourself in the middle of particle effects like explosions. From what I've seen, though, mostly everyone can expect decent framerates.Controls are the same as ever, which will bug anyone that's gotten as used to the newer controls of Dead Rising 2 and so on- particularly the ability to move while aiming a weapon. If you play through with a controller like I have, you'll also be annoyed by the fact that your crosshair will drift further than the slightest nudge you tried to give it to correct your aim. I'm assuming this isn't an issue for anyone using a mouse and keyboard, but just keep in mind that, as I've said before, the controls are the same as ever.You can't complain much about the graphics, especially given the fact that you can run on resolutions not offered by the 360's hardware. Everything looks sharp unless you zoom in on certain textures with the camera, and you could expect just about the same level of detail as Dead Rising 2 + OTR. Just don't go into this expecting co-op or item combinations.All in all, this has been worth it. If a game can squeeze me for time all in one go like that, I'd call it a success. Unlike when I was a little kid and too intimidated to go very far into the game because late-game difficulty always seemed like such a grown-up thing to tackle, I've gotten used to and even enjoy challenge in games now. To top it off, I have a lot of experience in wading through this game's difficulties in the past, so some of the tricks I'd long forgotten ended up resurfacing mid-game in a satisfying way.Grab this game, especially if you haven't played anything earlier than DR2. The story and atmosphere of the first are superior to the later entries, especially given the tone put off when faced with psychopath conflicts and the deaths of certain characters. You'll feel for the events of this game far more than the unserious nature of the others."
,Recommended,427190,33644807,Posted: 18 July,all,Uh,"Great game, escort missions are♥♥♥♥♥and this game can be difficult at times it shouldn't be but I still completely recommend it. I rate it an honest 9/10."
76561198016497038,Recommended,427190,33574709,Posted: 15 July,all,sougo,"Played this on the 360 back in the day at a friends house but never played more than a few hours. Pretty fun game to play though, about to load up Dead Rising 2 now.Positives:-Lots of weapon variety, such as a soccer ball or hockey puck to kill Zombies with-I never got tired of killing so many Zombies- Lots of boss fights and they're all unique characters- Decent story lineSpeaking of 2, I hope they've fixed these things because they were the negatives on number 1.- Sloppy AI from Survivors.- Save only points, no checkpoint saving so if you die or a survivor dies (if you care about them) then you have to start from the last save.- the timing of scoops/events all seem to be around similar times making it tight to get to each area on time and then you forget to save  and the point above happens- Otis spam calling you and then you can' skip it or you can't fight or even jump during his calls."
,Recommended,427190,33741262,Posted: 23 July,all,Sugary,"Its time-based missions system and the ability to make weapons out of virtually everything in the mall creates a unique ""survival"" feel that no other series has been able to recreate without crowbaring in some sodding crafting system.That and massacring zombies with a variety of everyday objects--or swords and axes from that one place--is just damn fun.The signature Japanese silliness, like being able to turn Frank into a dress-up doll, is icing on the cake."
,Recommended,427190,34575597,Posted: 29 August,all,CitySlicker,Dead Rising is one of the best games ever made. I have nothing else to say.
,Recommended,427190,34431476,Posted: 22 August,all,Slavic Normie,It's pretty goooooooodddddd
,Recommended,427190,34567764,Posted: 28 August,all,Greenaxe,Absolute classic from the early Xbox 360
,Recommended,427190,34615942,Posted: 30 August,all,LEONTONER,OMG This game was amaaaazing on the Xbox 360 and thanks to Pc being so much faster at load screens it got me all fluttery and tingly in that game sense way!First one by far the best!!!A great nostalgia trip for previous playersOnly complaint is screenshots are so hard to take because taking a picture is so much better
,Recommended,427190,34385547,Posted: 20 August,all,Decker,i remembered playing this when it came out on the 360 still holds up
76561198067078498,Recommended,427190,34438638,Posted: 23 August,all,Eddy,great game played it on xbox 360 xbox one  ps4 now pc  its a good port but things never change  the ai . they will drive u up the wall with how broken they are but if ur just going for story and just hack and slash this game is for u
76561198037416878,Recommended,427190,34468863,Posted: 24 August,all,ytho,"A glistening example of a massive cooperation forming a great team to create a big name, only to be later ruined by greed. The first Dead Rising is in my opinion by far the best. If you know Resident Evil, you know capcom is able to create great zombie games, and this shines.It is actually fun to achievement hunt in this game, it's not all numerical, or tedious but challenging indeed. I encountered very few glitches althought targeting was always a problem. Survivors still suck but that's vanilla DR!"
,Recommended,427190,34491988,Posted: 25 August,all,Partidor,"Dead Rising is a special game. Special is a vague term that is thrown around a lot in people’s top lists of favourite video games, and rightfully so. Special means something specific to everybody, however this leads to an intrinsic lack of understanding when you hear someone say “special”. Special, to me, describes a game where I had to forcibly restart dozens of times in order to power up, and ENJOYED it. Special describes a game where I’ve put countless hours barricading myself in a jewelry store with various mall objects, something that the game does not ask you to do, but allows you to do. Special is a game that makes you play by its rules to get the most out of it. Dead Rising is a special game.Score: 53,594 greedy americans out of 10"
,Recommended,427190,34482365,Posted: 25 August,all,infector,"Dead Rising is one of my favorite games of all time. I love the mall that you're trapped in, I love the story, the characters, the real-time day/night cycles, the missions, the extra modes... So much love went into making this game. The other games in the series DO NOT COMPARE. In fact, I really don't like any of them. However, Dead Rising is a masterpiece that you must play."
,Recommended,427190,34395334,Posted: 21 August,all,El Presidente,"Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm................I actually liked this game. Can you fockin believe it?I don`t know if DR2 timer is worse than DR1 timer, but here i can complete main story and some side missions and still get enough time relax. Maybe it`s just experience.Don`t get me wrong, i don`t like timers at all. In DR1 it`s just a little better than in DR2. That`s all.There`s also no searches for zombrex in DR1.This game has some drama and interesting (for DR) plot. Some jokes, some combat, some fun.After seeing all 3 protagonists of DR games (1-3), i can say without lie that i prefer Frank.Chuck is a ""good father"" type of person. I have nothing against him, but he is dull in comparison to Frank.Nick is... should i even talk about it? Duller than Chuck.Frank on the other hand is more likeable character for me. Freelance photographer with sense of humor.Gameplay.I do like custom weapons thing in post DR1 games, but i`m not a fan of silly weapons. Boxing gloves with knives, lightsaber. Fun, but a matter of taste. DR1 has no custom weapons, which is a good thing for some people. You have to use everything to survive. In DR2 you can just craft 2-3 custom weapons and be OP.Ranged weapons work fine. They have animations and average stats. In DR2 they are almost useless.There are less items in DR1 than in DR2, survivors are still dumb, but overall i like it more than DR2: OtR."
,Recommended,427190,34468789,Posted: 24 August,all,Take A Bow,"This game is pretty funny at many times, in both the dialogue but also the actions of the player. This is the only game series where entire meals, drinks, gallons etc can be consumed by simply shoving it in your face in 2 seconds. It a fun zombie game taking place inside a dying industry of stores combined together, aka a mall lol Seriously they are dying, when restaurants leave a mall, that's when you know it's dying. Sadly all these ones are filled with zombies scratching themselves, conducting shakespeare and holding weapons they have no ability to use. I just wish there was a dead rising game that allowed you to just roam around and kill zombies and do everything there is to do in a mall, instead of doing quests (which then I feel like the character from Oblivion).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfDU-UidfMc"
76561198023881073,Recommended,427190,34625961,Posted: 30 August,all,RSM06,"Don't cut me off like that! It's rude! Anyway, here's what I was sayin'..."
,Recommended,427190,32824935,Posted: 26 June,all,Funky Fresh Anomaly,THEY CAN'T TELL YOU WHATCHA TO DO ONCE YOU'VE GONE GURU
,Recommended,427190,34896196,Posted: 11 September,all,Slippin' Jimmy,"2006's classic zombie beat 'em up with a better resolution and frame rate.Despite it's age showing a few wrinkles such as textures and the survivor AI's inconsistency, it's still a fantastic game and is definitely worthy of your time.I'd highly recommend using a controller for this one too."
,Recommended,427190,34887529,Posted: 11 September,all,Derrick,"One of the best games I've ever played. The timer creates a lot of great anxiety-induced-moments, the music choice is always on point, and there's more seriousness, drama and fear than any of the other Dead Rising games.With Dead Rising 2 onward, they introduced a system where you combine weapons; I really, really dislike it. It completely ruins my favorite thing about the first Dead Rising: exploring an abandoned, zombie filled mall and using whatever's around you as a weapon. In Dead Rising you can pick up a knife or a paint can and destroy zombies with it. There was a reason to explore and go into shops, because they might contain a useful weapon. But in the other iterations of the game, if you're not using COMBO WEAPON X or Y, then you're handicapping yourself because that's the overpowered option.It's also more of an RPG than the other games. You've got stats, level progression, items that upgrade your stats and affect how well you do in combat in certain ways. You can carry books that boost your followers' abilities, make sharp weapons last longer or do more damage, or allow you to use toys as weapons more effectively. So for me, this provides hours and hours more gameplay time because I enjoy progression, pushing to the next level, and the rewarding sense of reaching the maximum level and becoming a god-like man.spoilers ahead thoMy favorite thing about Dead Rising, without a doubt, is the 3 day limit with events that happen at certain times. It makes the world feel like it's moving, it's alive, and you're experiencing a story. It's hella cinematic. While you're trapped in the mall, within 2 or 3 days a cult begins to appear and post fliers everywhere saying they're having meetings in the theatre. At a certain time of day, the zombies become ultra powerful for a few hours. Prison inmates break free and terrorize survivors in the park.Scripted events happen at certain times and eventually (spoiler) the military busts in and kills all the zombies... There's an incredibly surreal moment where you're exploring the mall and it's DEAD quiet! No zombies, just acres of dead bodies everywhere. You'll hear a walkie talkie or a drone flying around sometimes and, like I said, it's just surreal.It's an eventful adventure with an unusually big map (or at least, it gives the illusion of being big because of how much stuff they've crammed into the little mall)."
,Recommended,427190,34696563,Posted: 2 September,all,The Broodwich,Throwing televisions at zombies is therapeutic- A Doctor
76561198109305424,Recommended,427190,35118917,Posted: 21 September,all,magiccow10,"This is honestly the best in the series...DOES CONTAIN SPOILERS.After watching the Game Grumps play a bit of this game (they have since completed it.) I decide to try this series out.I bought the first game, and I loved it! you can ask each of my friends, it was the main thing I talked about. The Story was well thought, and inspiring; the characters are memorable, (in fact i bought Dead Rising 2: Off the record just so frank could be back in a game that wasn't the wreck that Deadrising 4 is.) i even felt bad for some of the psychopaths. The gamplay was just AWESOME, while it didn't have combo weapons, and it was just in a mall, and not a whole city, the fact that you could pick something and just murder, or do no damage to a zombie was so fun. When it comes to Frank West, i could write an essay on him alone, and i hate essays, You felt you could relate to the character of frank, just because of his expressions, you could see legitament fear in his eyes during the pyschopath cutscenes, or when the zombies got in the mall, and this does not mke him a coward, plenty of people would be scared upon seeing the actual undead, or see crazy clowns with chainsaws(or soldiers calling you a communist). Even the terrorists Carlito and Isabela, they were played off just right in the way where i felt bad for them."
,Recommended,427190,35259397,Posted: 28 September,all,Andrigaar,"This is the worst escort mission simulator I have played in the past decade.  It's awful.EDIT: From Neg to PosHere's how the game works:- Enter the game blind, escort idiots that kill themselves on zombies.  Swear at your monitor.  A lot.- Screw up the story mission, game over- Newgame+ your save and try again a few times- Become God-Frank, the Bringer of Death unto Undead.It takes a few hours for the game to come together, which is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating for the first 3-5 hours.  Then it's golden until you force yourself to stop playing and begin the sequel instead--which for some insane reason moves the default first-person targetting button to L2 instead of R2."
,Recommended,427190,35498605,Posted: 5 October,all,Chicken Tenders,MASTERPIECE10 out 5
