user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,427520,22390398,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Jack Bright,"I started a co-op factory with a close friend. After a day of work, I stepped back, looked at what we built, and came to some realizations.1) I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea whats going on in this factory2) Half the components that directly interact with each other aren't even near one another, one of the machines producing copper cable for another machine to assemble into circuit boards is halfway across the god damn refinery3) 90% of the conveyor belts are underground, and the rest are going so many directions this thing looks like a ball of yarn4) There is coal ♥♥♥♥ing EVERYWHERE5) I maintain enough sanity to count to 56) Staring at this thing makes my eyes itch7) Looking away makes my brain itchThe scariest part is that it keeps getting bigger, and every time it gets bigger it somehow becomes MORE labrynthine. One of those ♥♥♥♥ing conveyor belts goes all the way around the entire factory to deliver steel plates to a single assembler thats making bloody gears, and its right next to the refinery itself!Sometimes the factory breaks. We don't usually notice because of how much of a mess this thing is, and the breaks we do spot are often half an hour old and are a recurring problem. Rather than fix it, we simply unjam the machine and ignore it until it breaks again. The biggest problem to fixing it comes from our production lines. Normal production lines look like a grid. Ours looks like you threw a bunch of squares into a bowl of spaghetti noodles and gave the bowl to a five year old for a period of one to five minutes. This proccess results in either an empty bowl and a full five year old, a floor covered in noodles, or spaghetti all over the walls and ceiling with the squares nowhere to be found. Knowing the trend in increasing chaos and complexity the factory exhibits, probably all three.The factory is an empodiment of madness incomprehensible even to the men who built it, laid every unholy circuit of conveyor belt, a thousand arms madly spinning every second, countless plates of copper and iron in a complex dance the likes of which is unseen in the realm of mere mortals. There are sections that I have no idea how they work, and I BUILT THEM.The factory grows more complex with each passing second and more convoluted every milisecond. Perhaps the reason is in part due to each segment being constructed with no plans for future additions, then the future additions were constructed by forcibly adapting the existing segments, usually by shoving more tubes into it rather than actually redesigning it, and these futrue additions are also not planned for expansion. The end result is a cluster-♥♥♥♥ so large in magnitude, the last time a cluster-♥♥♥♥ rivaled it in size, God smote the town and turned its inhabitants into salt. Unfortunately no god can save us from this... thing.Having expanded it further its almost as if the factory has a mind of its own, an ever hungry consciousness burning with dark malevolence and the need to grow. It infects all who stand in its presence, compelling them to add to it. A hundred furnaces belch smoke and the black blood of the earth is torn from its cradle to fuel the fires of industry. The ecosystem is demolished and the skin of the planet is rent and shattered for its glittering treasures, tossed into the inferno of a thousand stone and metal prisons to be transformed, used to expand the malignant blight upon the world that we brought. Ten thousand steel cogs turn and steam fills the air as the never ending fires boil the oceans away to power the sprawling spiderweb of mechanised mayhem, ordered chaos at its purest, a hundred thousand plates of steel and copper cycle and swirl in patterns barely knowable by the very people that created them.Each day, the red and green fluids are pumped into glowing crystalline globes, each sparking and burning, discovering new knowledge and new machines. The factory grows. Each advance in technology only complicates matters. The factory grows. The new advances create a need for new resources. The factory grows. The new resources require new means of transportation. The factory grows. The new transportation feeds new machines that burn the new resources to produce blue fluids to discover new technology. The factory grows. The blue fluids feed the globes to reveal new truths, beginning the vicious cycle anew, a neverending circle of destruction and growth that will only end when every corner of the planet is scoured clean. The factory grows. The planet will never be scoured clean. The factory grows. The planet is infinite in size. The factory grows. The game will never be over.The factory grows.Epilogue://: Date: 6/21/[ERROR_NULL_VALUE]Resources have dried up again. The factory consumes all within its reach, insatiable in its hunger. Though it had experienced full production stoppages in the past, the factory could never be eliminated from the planet by the natives, for the sun itself powered the beams of destruction that maintained its borders. Within the creaking, ancient cogs and permanent haze of foul and polluted smoke, a single humanoid shape slowly rises to its feet. Aged, failing flesh and bone long ago replaced with steel and chrome, once polished and clean, now weathered by uncountable years of exposure to acid rain and blackened by thick, choking smog, form its excuse for a body. It could have left while it was still human, before it was consumed in body by the foundry it created to escape. It never had a chance to leave, mind and soul devoured in the persuit of freedom. With slow, clanking steps and the steady drip of oil from its joints, like a bleeding mechanical nightmare brought to hideous life, it stands and rasps as it moves for the exit. Behind it, a thousand drones rise like a plague of locusts, ready to continue the endless harvest. As the abomination that was once a man steps towards the gates of the factory, a mighty space faring vessel lies decrept in its dry dock deep within the core of the facility. It was supposed to be a way off the planet, the whole reason for the factory's construction. But soon, the building of the factory became the means and the end, no thought other than the constant urge to grow in its mind.The only machine resembling the human form in the entire world stepped out into the barren wasteland of the ruined world. A keening, howling wind tears across the surface, forests destroyed by the ruined atmosphere no longer keeping it in check.It is the cry of a dead world, echoing forever on a planet overtaken by the machine."
76561197996594773,Recommended,427520,31108986,Posted: 12 April,all,[TAW] Mayreau,"Help for new players.Rule #1. When you think you have enough iron, you don't. Trust me.Rule #2. When you have backups in your system, don't worry, you'll have shortages later. Get more iron.Rule #3. Leave enough room to expand without having to do crazy stuff with your belts.Rule #4. When you have backups, start storing extras in chests. You'll need it later.Rule #5. Crap, I'm out of copper. Get more copper.Rule #6. Create entire factory towns for iron plates and copper plates, and build gear wheels and copper cables on site. You'll thank me later.Rule #6. Wait, there is automation for automation? Flying robots? Check.Rule #7. Aliens love radars. Don't put radars near things that matter (like your steam engines) unless you support them with a ton of turrets.Rule #7-a. Flamethrowers are your friend for killing aliens. Unless you're in the middle of your town, in which case they are not.Rule #8. Take enough ammo with you when you go to fight aliens. It's lots of fun to run out of ammo in the middle of a battle, and it goes quickly.Rule #9. Don't stand on train tracks when trains are automated.Rule #10. Blueprints are amazing.Rule #11. Deconstruction planning forests is amazing. Clear out wood and gain resources quickly.Rule #12. Logistics robots change your world.Rule #12-a. You always need more power.Rule #13. Oh, there's a better way to build that. Let me start over. Again.Rule #14. Wait, is that the sun coming up already?Rule #15. Remember your family fondly.Rule #16. Get more iron.Cracktorio is more accurate.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21813199,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lúcio,"Early Access. These words may now instantly turn you off a game after buggy games like DayZ or lack of content games like Killing Floor 2 but this game is truly different. Never have I played an early access which is so well polished, bug free and complete that it feels like you aren’t buying an early version of the game, instead you are buying a complete game which will get a load of free DLC.You start crash landed on a planet with only a few machines and your mind. You start mining some stone to build more miners but it takes too long, luckily you have a mining drill which will automatically mine for you, great! But you need a way to power it so you mine some coal and power it. But where is it going to be stored? You cut down a few trees to build a chest to place it in and then you got your first set up complete! But one machine will take ages and you got to mine more coal, copper and iron (as well as smelt it) too! After some more mining and tree cutting you have a set-up which will mine all the ores you need. But having to run around and place coal in is inefficient and having 6 different chests for each resource is messy. “There’s got to be a better way!” you say like an infomercial, well there is Kevin! Inserters which will pick up items and place them behind the inserters and conveyer belts which move items. After some fiddling around with this you make a set up which mines everything and stores it into one box. But you still have to power everything with coal, is there a way to improve it? Of course, there always is. This is the basics of the game, you are constantly improving on what you have with the goal of making the factory as efficient and automated as possible.Combat – Although this seems weird in a factory building game, it is actually implement really well. It keeps you on your toes and limits what you can do. If you focus just on production you aren’t going to be able to fight off an attack which can wipe your factory out, forcing you to start again. You can’t skimp out on any factory or risk losing everything and the more you pollute, the more powerful enemies you will have to face, the more turrets you will have to place.Weapons & defence – Fear not, you are also able to craft weapons and armour which will help you fight off enemies. Pistols, Shotguns, Grenades, Mines, even personal defence robots which automatically fire at enemies. But what about defence? Do I just have simple iron and copper armour? Nope, Power Armour! Armour which you can install modules which can increase speed, generate shields, shoot enemies and more. My personal favourite is the roboport which allows you to summon robots who can build blueprints and repair them, allowing me to set up a fortified base in seconds.Advance & interesting Technology – Later in the game you unlock more advance and interesting technology, some which allow you to automate object crafting extremely quickly which can further be improved by modules. Robots which can be ordered to supply machines with crafting components so you never have to refill one again or robots which can build entire bases and repair them when they get damaged. Cars, tanks, trains, ways to transport you and supplies around, allowing you to create separate bases with each having a different focus. You are constantly unlocking more and more technology which will make you rethink your entire factory set-up.Gameplay – I am constantly put into “the flow” where I am completely focused which causes time to go by much faster than it feels like. I am constantly fixing one thing only to find out another is broken, restructuring my factory to be more efficient, and fortifying my bases. There is something quite satisfying about having a compact base which just works.Multiplayer – This game features a full multiplayer co-op experience which works flawlessly. The only thing more fun than building a factory by yourself is building it with your mates. 50 hours on one multiplayer game, and we haven’t even modded the game yet!This is seriously one of the most interesting games I’ve played on steam, I’ve already got well over my money’s worth and I have no intention of stopping. I can't recommend this game enough to anyone who likes management games.Note: Killing Floor 2 is not a bad game at all, the way they are handling early acess is the problem."
76561197962224220,Recommended,427520,21525836,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Failsauce,"I got Factorio out of boredom. You see, I'm sick, I got the flu so I'm home and none of my usual games are doing it for me. So I got Factorio. 25 bucks, 350 MB? The hell is this? I feel I got robbed. So I give it a whirl. 14 hours later I stumble into the kitchen for my first meal of the day. Bloodshot eyes, head throbbing, ears buzzing with the sound of inserters doing their thing and then I go to sleep. I can't sleep because all I dream about is building a better automated factory.10/10 would ruin my life again."
,Recommended,427520,32013091,Posted: 27 May,all,Slashopt,"This isn't so much a game as it is a digital Zen Garden. I've lost hours (400+ apparently) tweaking my factory. Sometimes to make it look prettier. Sometimes to rebuild it because I need space for yeah another stream of components. Sometimes just because I've approached Zen and don't want to give it up.For every bottleneck in material flow you find and fix, you'll create two more. And once you've got everything working perfectly, Your factory will be stalled because of resource exhaustion, spitters and bitters, or a new production option changes your resource needs. If that sounds like the kind of challange you enjoy, this game will provide you rediculous value for your money."
,Recommended,427520,29413433,Posted: 21 January,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚 匚,Price is 20.00 not 19.99 I RESPECT THIS
76561198066039426,Recommended,427520,21960855,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,MEP52,"If you are looking for a game that requires you to manage your time, resources, power, and even amunition, look no further. I have looked for a game like this for years. A game that is survival, but you can thrive instead of just surviving by making robots and machines do everything for you. I have already recomended this game to 5 or 6 of my friends. If you have the money, and like using your brain to overcome problems and build things, BUY THIS GAME!The good-Great for unlimited play. There is always more to do.-Multiplayer is super fun, and much less laggy then anticipated.-The enemy progression system is near perfect-Runs very well, even with over 300 robots all doing different things on the screen.-Very customisable world-Very smooth controls-The combat robots are awesome-Modules and suit upgrades out the wazoo-The logic systems and rail systems are very polished and well done-Most early access games I have played, I have found many bugs. I have not found a single bug in this game.-The blueprint system is easy, efficiant, and well done.-Robots are very polished and do what they're supposed to very well.-Devs are awesome!-Best builder/tower defence game I have ever playedCould use some work-Vehicles are a little sub par, but still fun to use-Armor augmentatin system is a little broken. I should not be able to run faster then a train, or take on a max level enemy base with a shotgun-Inserter speed is limited for extreme late game. I found myself needing 2 or 3 fast inserters just to load enough copper into one assembler for wire-lack of enemy types-Water and lake boundries, and some way to clear them or build over them.-not many methods of producing powerThe Bad (most being fixed in updates coming soon most likely)-A lack of end game. Once the rocket is launched, you have nothing else to progress too, aside from expanding your current base.-Weapons. There are 6 weapons in the game, 3 are♥♥♥♥♥♥and one is god tier, will most likely be balanced soon.Things I would personally like to see/Pipe dreams-A gamemode or checkbox of ""Extreme survival"" requiring you to eat, drink, and sleep through nights. Enemies may have more advanced AI in this gamemode.-Space. Although this is a little far fetched, add the ability to set up a space station, mine astroids or even moons. Or even travel to a different planet all together. Including a sort of out of atmosphere solar panel, which was what I thought the satalite was going to do.-More biomes. Some biomes containing different enemy types, or some having extreme tempatures that require a suit module to survive in, but also much richer in resources-More power production methods! Nuclear power for examble.-A sort of ""Deep mining"" drill. A drill that extracts ore from deep underground, in a much slower, power consuming fassion. This could also be a good way to get end game ore.-End game ore. Uranium, Diamond, Platinum.-An enemy ""Hive Mind"". Sort of like the worms that spawn, only huge. Controlls the underlings, and directs them. Destroy hive mind, end all sort of alien attacks in that biome. Destroying the hive mind would need to be extreamly difficult.-Air vehices. I would love to be able to quickly get around the base or area without worrying about hitting a pipe or electrical pole. Also including a ""Sky transport"", like a end game train that does not need tracks.-Differenty types of miners, more suitable and productive for late game.-The ability to grow trees and cut them down, and produce charchoal from the wood, leading to a renewable source of coal.-Crops, either to eat and regain health, or to use as bio-fuel.-More and more exotic types of weapons. We have the alien artifacts, why not use them to make an acid launcher or a plasma beam?-More natual fluids aside from water. Have a rarer type of volcanic biome that produces lava, which can be used to power thermal generators.-More enemies! More powerfull versions of the origional enemies. A type of behomoth biter multiplied by 5. Flying enemies, subterainian enemies, water based enemies, enemy base levels, producing higher level enemies and giving more artifacts when destroyed.-Some drop from basic enemies. Chitin used for armor, Meat used to cook, Spitter acid as an alternate use to make batteries or poison bullets, worm teeth for drill augmentations, the list goes on.-Robot companions. Robots that help you with things other then fighting for 120 secconds or building stuff.-Neutral mosters. Things like wild space animals that don't want to kill you. Possibly tamable and kept as a pet or something-More train types! Trains requiring advanced fuel, or even magnetic trains that travel hundreds of miles an hour.-Teleporters(?) requring disgusting amounts of power, but able to transfer anything, including items, over great distances instantly. Cound even include coming from space or an astroid to the home world, requiring some sort of airlock.-Pressure chambers! Pressurising air to make types of materials, like alloys or more compressed liquids.-Steam workshop support! There are a lot of great mods out there, and the steam workshop just makes them accessed easier.-PvP or factions maybe?-Proximity voice chat?Simply put, I love this game. I have never even heard of these devs until now, and they are some of the best devs I have seen. If you like builders, tower defence games, survival games, or anything like those genres, buy this game. I already know you will love it."
,Recommended,427520,21564432,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TeaReks,Calling this early access is like saying the Mona Lisa isn't quite finished.  10/10
,Recommended,427520,32045126,Posted: 29 May,all,Loup-Gaeru,"This game doesn't feel like a Early Access game at all.Addicting and very satisfying when your factory works. I find myself staring at different parts of it for a few moments, it's captivating. Also frustrating when you thought something would work and it doesn't, then you have to change your setup.I never built massive factories nor did I launch a rocket, but I still enjoy making my factory grow modestly. Being attacked is an annoyance but wrecking the bugs' nests feels good...until they counterattack and wrecks your♥♥♥♥♥♥back.You will find yourself playing hours and hours, day after day. And night after night, you will dream of conveyor belts, lots of conveyor belts. Your dreams will become nightmares as you try to untangle monstruous spaghetti belts.Remember : start small, grow, automate small process, grow, automate bigger process, grow tomatoes... wait, tomatoes? No. No need to worry about starving in this game. Though you can find fishes in ponds."
,Recommended,427520,21913716,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,PancakeMix,"My experience with the game:1. Buy game2. Play for 70 minutes3. Request refund because I didn't get the point of the game4. Can't stop thinking about playing it some more an hour later5. Cancel refund request6. Play for 51 more hours in one weekI don't usually enjoy these types of games, but Factorio is a great game that grows on you the more that you play it. Give it a shot."
76561198004536801,Recommended,427520,21778078,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sorok,Simply the fact this game cost $20.00 and not $19.99 makes me like this game and trust the developers. There is no BS from these guys. I'd recommend this game on principal.
,Recommended,427520,32523649,Posted: 17 June,all,KenoKereStyle,"Me 6-7 hours ago:""Hmm, this game Factorio has good reviews, but it looks bad... let's try it... what could happen? Another refund?""...Me now:""DIE YOU ALIEN SCRUBS, RUN AWAY, RUN, YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM FACTORINATOR"" ... ""MORE STEEL, MORE BULLETS, MORE WALLS, MORE TURRETS"" ... ""RED POTION, BLUE POTION, GREEN POTION, EVERYTHING IS POTIONS""...Damn, this game is addictive as fk (6 hours and a half straight, since I've installed it)... at first touch, i thought it's bad and complicated, but easily, you'll start to understand what's happening and how to play it. It may look booring at first, but when you start crafting armor, weapons, tanks, robots, and go hunting aliens, the bloodthirst starts to kick in.11/10 Would recommend it!"
,Recommended,427520,26801236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Konargus,"This review was encouraging people to nominate this game for: ""The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award"", while it was possible.Playing this game you will think ""Just 5 More Minutes"", ""Just 5 More Items"", ""Just 5 More Hours"" and eventually ""Just 5 More Days"".It's a wonderful game for people who like to create something complex and automate it. Bring order to chaos.Discover an engineer inside yourself."
76561198010041196,Recommended,427520,29714345,Posted: 5 February,all,Papa Bless,"I torretned this game about 3 weeks ago and have been glued to it like a fly on sh*t.I went to download some mods and read a post by someone about how small the dev team are,how the community is super close knit and supportive.Immediately felt like a complete scumbag and purchased it straight away.This game is amazing. Minecraft for adults."
76561197975486363,Recommended,427520,21874395,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Holy_Sinner,I used to have a family. Now I have a factory.10/10 ruined my life
76561198001790442,Recommended,427520,23352922,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sistermatic,"I read a comment by a user saying ""If you enjoying creating your own problems and solving them this is for you."" and he was bang on the money.tl;drThe knock-on effect caused by dependencies across an entire production chain will drive you nuts and it'sthisthat makes you play and I mean MAKES you play. Sleep is not an option.FactorioEngineers rejoice. Learn Technology, Automation and Efficiency in one easy to learn package. No? Seriously. this is a hard game to put down.Let's take a typical late game scenario.Assembler #28, manufacturing Advanced Electronics (let's call it a PCB) has a bottleneck and it's dragging down the entire electronic circuit assembly line.I took a look at the insertor (a small robotic feeder arm) sitting idle as copper coils were swallowed up by the identical assemblers before it reached #28. Obviously I need to increase copper coil production.Soo... I took a look at the copper coil assemblers, already sporting a Tech III speed beacon and Tech III efficiency modules and noticed that the copper plate was in short supply.Sooo... I took a look at the copper ore smelting furnaces, also sporting (hard earned) Tech III modules and noticed the selectors feeding those were too slow and were skipping every second ore.Sooo... I upgraded the selectors to fast selectors and solved the problem.Or did I?10 minutes later, Assembler #28 is doing it again. I repeat the above mitigation steps and notice the increase in insertor efficiency at the furnaces is depleting the ore feeder line. I have to increase ore production at the mining drills. Obvious right?Sooo... my first thought is to add Tech modules to increase speed but... because the PCB production line is effectively in stasis I can't make more modules just yet so I have to do it the more obvious way. Add a new mining drill. Right?Sooo... I went to get some iron plate BUT... there is none free because it's also being used on the PCB production line. I ran down the conveyor belt, scooping up iron plate, made my mining drill, ran down to the ore fields, installed a power line, placed the drill and.... lost power.Sooo.... While I started to manufacture more panels and accumulators to add more power... the aliens came and with no power on my defenses, it took a superhuman effort to eradicate them using my flamethrower and Power Armor (Mk II of course). My personal construction bots all the while repairing what I damaged with my aggressive flame attack.Meanwhile.... Because I had stolen the iron plate off the PCB production line the copper coil problem was sorted... at least... temporarily.Then my sulfuric acid production stopped, which makes my batteries which is used to make my logistic bots that supply the whole higher end production chain... including my research.... because I ran out of..... iron plates.I'll have to redesign the whole damn thing. Tomorrow.Or maybe I can just do this little bit now.....oo00oo..To sum it up, the slowish start and slightly difficult-to-get-used-to UI initially only lasts a few minutes. There is plenty of online information to get started but half the fun is working it out for yourself. Within a few hours your plan and the objectives become clear and obvious,The best methodology required to achieve those objectives? A whole new matter.GG9/10"
76561198066174173,Recommended,427520,33930892,Posted: 31 July,all,Saggy Broccoli,Your goal in this game is to have the game play itself.
,Recommended,427520,22170964,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Tanelorn,It's March 31 and this game has a 98% approval rating from 6700 some reviews. Make that ~6700 +1. I doubt anyone will read this as there are so many good reviews already. I'm just adding my up vote because Factorio is amazing and I love it and I'm adding my vote to the massive pool of recommendations. It's wonderful and 10x better than spacechem which is saying a LOT.
,Recommended,427520,31347103,Posted: 24 April,all,cheeseburger walrus,"Pros:* Worth way more than $20* Very active developers* Very active community* Easy to spend tons of time playing itCons:* Where did the last 8 hours go?If you're into RTS/base building games, this is probably the best one that is out there. It is also the ONLY early access game that I really believe in. It feels like a pretty much finished game, but more and more keeps getting added!Buy this game. It is awesome."
,Recommended,427520,24309331,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,//Root,"Day 1: Hmm... Factorio? What idiot would buy this crap? I'll give it a shot.Day 2: I've been playing for hours now. How on earth can this game be so fun? 12:00AM Already? Dang... maybe I should stop.Day 3: I have bitten my fingers to the quicks. It keeps calling out to me I don't think I can help myself much longer. I should play. I HAVE TO PLAY.Day 4: WHY ARE THE F****ING ALIENS SO ANNOYING? MY FACTORY IS IN SHREDS.I will have my revenge.Day 5: My girlfriend came to me today. She says I should stop playing. She doesn't understand, no one understands.Day 6: My girlfriend told me to make a choice, her or Factorio. Why would she do such a thing? Can't I love both? She gave me a day to decide. I only needed seconds.Day 7: She looks longingly into my eyes, waiting for my final answer. I tell her I'm sorry. I simply cannot live without finishing my work. It has consumed me. I hurl myself into Factorio's strong arms, our bodies join in a Holy embrace between man and machine, it caresses my hair with it's machine-like hands, it tells me that I'm special. Oh Factorio, I will never leave you.Day 8: The Aliens have come back again... I fixed that problem.It's started to rain. I look up into the sky, thousands of corpses lay at my feet, I've done it, my factory is now autonomous, it no longer needs me. I wipe the remainder of purple blood from my gun as I walk towards my factory, the making of my own hands. I have done it.The End:The moon shines through my window, glistening on the metallic skin of the creature I have come to love so much.""Did you like it?"" it asks.""I loved it, but now what?"" I respond.Factorio stands and extends its hand towards me, how many times have I felt those hands guide my own?""It has only just begun, my child. Come with me, I have more to show you.""I reach out my hand, but it is no longer my own. I look into a mirror before taking that final step over the edge, I expected to see myself, but I did not. Instead, looking back at me through lifeless eyes, I saw a metallic creature. The Human Factory, everything I have ever created has led up to this, I have become a factory."
76561198025501952,Recommended,427520,28193866,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,L4Z3R37H,"Pirated it, played it, deleted it, bought it.""If you like this game, support the developers and BUY IT!"""
76561198050973554,Recommended,427520,22428025,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MrFantastic,Tier 1: You do everything manuallyTier 2: Things start being automatedTier 3: Automations can become automatedTier 4: Automated Automations will be combinedTier 5: Combined Automated Automations can be Modulated and ArrangedTier 6: Modular Arrangements of Combined Automated AutomationsTier 7: One Click -> Build Factory that can Make Everything -> Watch10/10
76561198019781694,Recommended,427520,23151527,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,E-gor,"This review is coming from a person who loves games with micromanaging and automation like Dwarf Fortress and Space Engineers. I really needed something new to play, as I got bored with Space Engineers's lack of endgame stuff, and every research I did, factorio ended up showing up.I saw the reviews on steam. People asking not to buy this game because it's a huge timesink and it ruins lives. I tried not to buy it, I really did. And so I didn't buy it, I downloaded the demo.Huge mistake. The game is so freaking good that it grabbed my interest just with its demo. I finished the demo and bought it. I told myself ""no, I will control myself. I will do the things I need to do during the week and will only play factorio a few hours each night"". I did the unbelievable achievement of donwloading the full game and then going to bed without playing it. On the next day I managed to do my important, productive stuff, kind of. Then I told myself ""well, I deserve a small break"". That's when it started.The game, as some youtube reviewer said, is pure cocaine. You can't simply stop playing, there's always something more to do. It's pure yak shaving: ""Oh crap i'm running out of coal. Better explore to find another coal deposit"". ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I need a car for that. Gotta research the automobilism tech"". ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥for that I need some fancy science packs that I'm still not producing. Gotta get some more furnaces smelting that iron!"" ""Goddamn the biters are attacking my walls again. I need to make an automatic ammo-producing facility so I can auto refill the turrets"" ""Now i'm running out of power. Better make some more steam engines"" ""Ok what was I doing again? Oh yeah the automobilism tech. Ok I just researched it"" ""...For what did I research it, again? Oh yeah to explore and find some more coal deposits"" ""Ok now I found some coal deposit. Wait there's a huge nest next to it. I need to destroy it. But I need some more firepower - I need to research tanks"" ""Ok wait now I need more copper. Gotta make more drills and furnaces."" ""Well i'm also running out of stone to make the furnaces, gotta improve my stone mine"" and this goes on and on... as I said - pure yak shaving but it's NOT a bad thing, because you feel good doing each and every one of those things - by doing them you're improving your factory and making the game more practical - never have I played a game where my progress could be measured and felt so clearly. This is like the feeling of progress you get from playing those idle games like cookie clicker, but this is so much more fun than idle games, because it has idle game elements but you can manufacture tanks and trains and make huge operations - the ""idle"" part of factorio is that after you start automating things, your factory does everything for you - at the start you're mining coal and iron by hand and placing the manually on furnaces, by mid-late game you have robots that build structures and move items for you, huge facilities that manufacture every kind of item in the game - each with their own destination, most to be manufactured into something else, which will definitely have some kind of use later.Now, remember when I said I got bored with space engineers because its lack of endgame content? I don't blame the devs, as the game is in early access (just like factorio, by the way), but factorio does something really smart to balance this. The further you move away from your spawn, bigger and more frequent enemy nests will be there. As your factory grows, so does the pollution it emmits: pollution, when it touches a nest, enrages biters and makes them attack your base. More importantly, pollution makes the biters evolve - so the small, early game biter can be killed with the starting pistol, but a behemoth, fully evolved biter, barely loses health to a machine gun turret with piercing ammo. Also, the biters can make new nests - do eventually they will start to overwhelm you, but you will have ways to defend yourself (while also enjoying the game) for a LONG time. Here's how:In games where you can automate, farm and manufacture a lot of things like space engineers and minecraft, after you focus enough on creating a basic ""item farming infrastructure"", they become really easy - in SE you can mass manufacture ammo and missiles and fighter ships and drones after you have a basic mining setup, and in minecraft you can farm arrows and make XP grinders to get powerful enchantments and make lots of armor and traps and shape the environment to your benefit. Factorio is the first game i've ever seen of this type where you can of course mass produce weapons and vehicles and ammunition and other stuff, just like in the other games I mentioned, but the hazards evolve as you get more powerful - the amazing game designers behind factorio used a simple concept that we in the game development industry call the flow theory. The flow curve in factorio is nearly perfect: the challenges scale as you get more powerful. Simple as that. In the games I mentioned, space engineers and minecraft, they start really hard (with creatures attacking and hassling you while you're trying to get your basic base setup), but after a while they get super easy - so that is an unbalanced flow curve.So to wrap this up, some pros and cons:PROS:-The game is VERY optimized - you can have a factory with thousands of items moving in conveyor belts, drones, being processed and changed, without it ever stuterring or dropping FPS-The map is infinite (you have an option to make it finite)-Has a great tutorial (part of it is available on the demo) and a not very steep learning curve-Amazing graphics, reminds me of 90's games like Commandos and the first and second Fallout-It has freaking CO-OP. Haven't hosted a server yet but I joined a friend's server - no hassle, I just put the i.p and port and bam! I was in!-I cannot stress this enough - the game is surprisingly optimized for an early access game, I have yet to find a SINGLE bug or glitch.-Not part of the game but for me it counts - the community, (at least on reddit) is very friendly and welcoming. Reminds me of Dwarf Fortress's or Kerbal Space Program's communities.-The wiki is really detailed for an early access game - most early access games I play today have really crappy wikis, some with wrong information and subjective statements.-And I think one of the most important things is how polished the game is - not just the visuals and core mechanics - if you read the weekly blog posts, you can see that the devs care about not just big features, but small interface and overall user experience details that really help and make the game practical. I've never seen so much care taken into the actual usability of an early access game. These are really small things, that really make a HUGE difference, trust me!CONS:As everyone keeps saying, this game will destroy your life. I've had it for about three days and have more than 24 hours registered on steam. On my last map, I started playing during the afternoon after programming some stuff. Time passed and I didn't notice - I accidentaly died and on the deathscreen it logged 9 freaking hours. That's when I realize the demonic potential of this game.Seriously. As a game developer, I gotta say Wube Software has found a great way to destroy competition -  they can put a stop in the productive life of everyone who plays their game.If you have productive things to do, DO NOT BUY IT! And I mean it!"
76561198210362237,Recommended,427520,34342466,Posted: 18 August,all,tea-jag,"Me: *logs 100+ hours on Factorio* You should get this game!Spouse-creature: Would you get off that stupid game?Spouse-creature: *gets game 3 days later*Me: It's 4 AM, we should go to bed... baby's about to wake up.Spouse-creature: Hm. This is a good game. Glad I found it.Me: -.-Baby: *wakes up 2 hours later*Now I'm 300+ hours at the time of this review, and my spouse-creature is at nearly 200. We play nearly every night. We lack sleep. It's not the baby's fault anymore.THANKS FOR SLEEP DEPRIVATION, FACTORIO! <3 <3 <3 (And date night - every night.)10/10 would lose sleep over this game again. Every night."
76561198091993580,Recommended,427520,34421051,Posted: 22 August,all,Where da fook is maywedda?,Bought this game to escape the stress of school....Going to school to escape the stress of this game.
76561198046194299,Recommended,427520,32555196,Posted: 18 June,all,Death,You'll make China look like a nature preserve compared to the smog you'll be belching out.10/10 Would destroy the planet again
,Recommended,427520,22123064,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,creekz,"This game is a time machine.If you play it for 30 minutes, 8 hours will have passed!"
76561198011300382,Recommended,427520,21468569,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tannumber17,"Way more fun than it looks, and if you think it looks fun it's still way more fun than it looks."
,Recommended,427520,24948264,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ClassyTurtle,"This game is early access, but not really. It's basically finished as far as I can tell. You start with a drill and a box. You have to feed your drill coal to keep it going. You craft some more drills and boxes. Then after a decent amount of iron and copper has been melted you can make automatic miners, belts and electricity, and this game becomes something truly mindblowing.Your goal is to create the universes most effective automated factory, and by god you will try. Once you automate one thing, you can then automate another, and another, and eventually you will have a sprawling, massive factory that you didn't plan very well. It will bother you, so you'll make a new section of your factory, much more organized and effective. And then you'll make it bigger, and bigger and bigger, because by this point you realize that you need true mass production of everything if you want to get all the science packs produced, and your rocket built.Then you'll look outside, or at your clock, and realize you haven't left your computer to eat, drink or sleep for five days. I'm not kidding, this game is better than crack."
,Recommended,427520,21763857,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Internet-Autist™ Hafe-chan,"Illegal aliens started pouring in. Have to build a great wall, make this factory great again!09.11.2016 LOL We did it steam!"
,Recommended,427520,21585920,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nooschwander,"I bought this game 48 hours ago and I have 21 hours of gametime in already.It's like Brood Wars met with SimCity 2000 and had cake and ice cream inside a meth addiction clinic.EDIT -Honestly though I had to come back and write some more for this review after playing another 25 hours.I find myself constantly trying to think more efficiently with every placement of an object or movement of a resource.  In fact many times I'm already thinking ""Oh man, the next game I'm going to build it like this and see how it turns out"", but what's great is many times I can just deconstruct what I was doing right there, and rebuild it how I wanted too anyways!This is the first game in a long time that whenever I look up another 45 minutes has gone by.  There is almost always something else to be doing, or some way to be doing it better. And it's a real sweet feeling to sometimes hit that moment where you zoom out and just watch the thing work....for about 30 seconds then Zerglings are destroying your west corner that you forgot to put laser turrets in and then all hell has broken loose because now your green electronics production has been halted and everything is crashing down....But then you realize you can just request some supplies from your amazing logistics robots (which change the game entirely) and get back to fixing or rebuilding it better.Again, can't recommend this game enough and I can't wait to see what the final release of the game will look like.This is the game that doesn't endYes it goes on and on my friendsSome people started playing it not knowing what it wasAnd they'll continue playing it forever just because..."
,Recommended,427520,29144302,Posted: 9 January,all,Cynimatic,"How this didn't win the ""Just 5 more minutes"" Steam award, I do not know."
,Recommended,427520,21487623,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MattG54321,"Ever since I heard about Factorio I've been eagerly awaiting a Steam release. Now it's finally here! The first few hours have been a bit daunting, but extremely enjoyable none the less. Really looking forward to exploring the more in depth mechanics of the game, and will report back later once I have!Pros:Charming aesthetic with satisfying animationsDeep gameplay and progression with a variety of strategies along the wayA huge sense of accomplishment once you finally get that belt system runningCons:Unattractive UIIn game music is nothing to write home aboutEdit: Typo, added clarity about music."
76561198152457767,Recommended,427520,25026394,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Personal_Cabinet,"The price is $20.00, not $19.99     10/10"
76561198009730233,Recommended,427520,33634574,Posted: 18 July,all,Royal,"Factorio is, in a sense, the game that I've been waiting for my whole life.There's been a ton of resource management  / base building games out there, but not in the sense I've been longing for. In those games resource management is a means to an end, usually to build an army and destroy your opponent. Typically you're restricted in some way, be it time, resources, or ultimately, space. And after your opponent is crushed, the base you spent hours building and perfecting is meaningless. You won. Go along.Not in Factorio. Here, the resource management and base building are both the means and the end. You build a factory to get stuff, and you use that stuff to build a bigger, better factory. Why? To get more stuff of course, for the bigger and better factory. There's always bottlenecks to unravel, production lines to boost, conveyor belts to draw. And you are limited in only your amount of imagination and dedication. In an endlessly generated 2D world you just take your train track a bit further for the next iron ore patch. Eventually you will consume the forests, drain the oceans, choke the air - hell, if Factorio had elevation, you bet you would grind the mountains to concrete flats. When Alien Artifacts were still around, even the enemies that tried to kill you were just resources. You didn't fight them because they were evil aliens - you fought them because you wanted their biomass. (Actually, in this sense, the evil alien is you.)I'm an engineer and I go to work to take time off Factorio."
76561197985100049,Recommended,427520,23591466,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,rotard,Do you enjoy crack but wish you could find something a bit more addictive?  Factorio may be right for you!
,Recommended,427520,21523195,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Orbie,"The game is a never ending stream of satisfaction, while still getting to use your brain to its fullest with gameplay never getting old, ever.It's an endless pursuit of building, unlocking, crafting, improving, and always trying to make your productions more efficient/faster/bigger/higher yielding, all while having to constantly protect yourself and all your carefully crafted constructions and manufacturing lines from the Zerg whose numbers seem to keep increasing. You can never, ever forget to continue to keep up with defense and weapon tech or you'll slowly become overwhelmed over time.You've played many games with systems that sound like this, but honestly nothing compares to this game. It's on another level and still manages to be extremely fun.You'll always want to be more efficient with your building and manufacturing not for the sake of being efficient because who really cares honestly, but because you need MORE THINGS FASTER! EVERYTHING, MORE! NOW! When your inefficient hastily thrown together setup is becoming bottlenecked in various places and thus isn't making your flying robots nearly fast enough to satisfy your deep, angry hunger to see what the robots actually look like in action, it'll send you on a quest to improve each step of your manufacturing setup over several hours where you'll forget you were even making robots to begin with. From the outside you may see ""tedious"", but when you're on the inside, it's ""adventure"". You discover yourself what you need to do to fix one problem, one at a time without even meaning to. Endless discovery.Highly recommend playing with a group of friends. After 15 hours or so you really start to get a real sense of what it must be like to run a company or manufacturing plant with so many moving parts. Get enough people together in a server and I'm sure you could simulate the insanity that is managing the LHC.You make a server with 3-4 friends.One friend decides to set up Iron Plate production and mining while everyone is off doing other things.After 10 hours, you realize you've always had a steady supply of Iron Plates, Steel Plates, and Copper Plates coming in to help you build your chemical plants and batteries, but you really have no idea how the Plates are being made or are even getting to you. All you know is your friend would occasionally ask if you needed some, so he would bring you materials in the form of a conveyor belt whose path you would modify to fit into your automation you're working on, and it's working very well! You're well on your way to making robots..... But never mind how all these materials are getting to me from my friend.. How did I learn to make robots in the first place?You realize your other friend has been unlocking new technology all this time with a lab setup, so you go to check it out and discover he has spent all this time setting up an automated lab researching process with 3 different products all being automatically manufactured and poured into the labs.. And guess what's being fed down there as well? Your other friends Plates, and your own Batteries and other things (since he needed some and you were like, oh I won't just give you some batteries, I'm going to give you an entire endless line of batteries). All while another friend has been managing a conveyor belt full of coal that circles every piece of equipment that uses coal, thus keeping all the machines operational, and loops back around for excess, where it is periodically stored into containers. And managing electricity grids. And turrets. Defenses. Exploring when you need more materials (stones, jfc). Killin Zerg any way you can... Or constantly trying to run away.This is just the best. That's all it is. The best.As far as Early Access goes, haven't had it crash once. Haven't run into any weird bugs yet.Cons?Only one. In multiplayer, the entire game pauses and waits for the person joining to download the map before resuming. If the person joining has a very low download speed, this usually equates to a having enough time to make a sandwich and some coffee for the group. A smoke break if that's your thing. Not too much of a bad thing really, but it would be great if the game could continue to function while the new player downloaded the map.We are.. 20 hours in or so into our map? And I still don't think we're anywhere near being able to build a rocketship. But we do finally have little flying robots repairing our base now!"
76561198106067647,Recommended,427520,23132159,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Spodermen,This game is $20. EXACTLY $20!! ITS NOT THAT $19.99 BS WHERE YOU HAVE ONE CENT REMAINING IN YOUR STEAM WALLET!!!! You should buy it just because of that.20/20
76561198070293300,Recommended,427520,31871351,Posted: 20 May,all,ven.griffenheart,"Comrades, let me tell you story. Story of game called Factorio, and man. Man who calls himself 'Tamloo'.There were 3 of us. Me being half doctor, half programmer, all mad scientist. Another who is space engineer person, with a taste for women of blue hair and assassination profession. Then, there is Tamloo. He is of teacher in real life, as we are told. And as American friend once tell me ""those who cannot do teach"". Better words have only been spoken by Comrade Putin, friends. For Tamloo does not do.We started Factorio game like any other game. We find things that need to be done so we can do more things. Except Tamloo. Tamloo does not see things to do. He sees something more, something we do not. As myself and space engineer man exchange productivity and insults, as manly men do when engaging in industry, Tamloo dreams. And when Tamloo dreams, our resources disappear like vodka on cold night in Russia.Then, myself and space engineer friend look to each other and wonder of what madness Tamloo is possessed by. He builds these massive factories. But these factories, no comrade, they are not of thought. They produce much of what is not needed, like those mall places in America do. Myself and space engineer then spend time building massive processing facilities to strip millions of resources to feed the monstrosity that is Tamloo factory.What is strange comrades is that we somehow find ourselves slowly progressing. Half of factory is either not producing, lacking of power, or being eaten by insect creatures. But does Tamloo care? No. He keeps building. And then we make great wall around factory, like president of America. And around great wall is thousands of turrets. No invaders can get in, or so we like to think. But once again we hear alarm of buildings being destroyed. We then see Tamloo outside of wall building more factory, as if generous space in wall was not enough.By this time space engineer and myself, after many exchange of сyкa 6лядь, have managed to clean up production of red and green science. But can two men celebrate great acheivement of cleaning up accident bigger than Chernobyl? No. No comrades. We do not. We move on, to go clean up the next 3 science production lines, keep producing more power, and going to invade alien territory near where Tamloo is. For if Tamloo dies, thousands of valuable resources he should not have die with him. Tamloo does not carry firearm. And it is of like watching Europe happen when he goes near alien base building. He does not see, he does not listen. And he gets swarmed like grocery store in Venezuela. Again and again. We see message ""Tamloo has died"" and worry how many thousands more processing units and robots have been died with him.We know base is shut down again until Tamloo finishes making more of resources he lost, rather than finding his corpse. So myself and space engineer friend go and look for body. We go in tanks with uranium bullets and hundreds of combat robots each. For when Tamloo dies, it is like horde of horny 'immigrants' around primary schoolgirl. We mow them down and lose more robots than Stalin killed people, but eventually we recover corpse of Tamloo. Thank the developers that tanks have inventory, as we need 2 tanks to carry what we picked up of Tamloo.Speaking of developers, of what miracles did they make this game? We have giant Tamloo factory, and my computer, which is as old as MiG-29, still runs like Russian boar when drunk man is standing on back. And my computer is host of game too. Now to be fair when Tamloo is holding flamethrower, I know tenement will not need radiator anymore, since computer becomes radiator. But still is not as bas as Star Citizen, which when playing computer makes entire Russia become summer. KGB has asked not to play anymore, because people think Global Warming is real.Now if you are still reading, I thank you for listening to my story. If you are still wondering if game is good, wonder no more. It is more than good, and you don't need crazy teacher friend to enjoy. It can be enjoyed single player, and there are many puzzle maps for those who like games such as Portal and The Witness. But multiplayer is where it is at. And with seemless integration of mods thanks to great thinking of developers, game which may seem to become boring gets new, and another 50 hours of life go missing."
76561197972656202,Recommended,427520,21959593,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Haney,"Saw the game on top seller list. Didn't look particularly appealing. Lame-ish graphics, another management sim, yadda-yadda. I bought it with the intent to try it for an hour and likely refund it....it is now 24 hours later. I have spent 19 of those hours playing this game. What have you DONE to me?! How many wheels within wheels have you spun, how many layers upon layers have you built?! THIS IS MADNESS."
,Recommended,427520,29911741,Posted: 13 February,all,Xero | Syndicate,"There is something inherently strange about this game. It plays nothing like it looks. It's the average person at the bar that you just can't get a good look at but every once in a while they turn around and your heart skips a beat. What is it about this person that is so enthralling? You have to go up and talk to them regardless of what your friends think. Turns out you have the most amazing conversation ever and watch the sun come up in the parking lot, not once making a single move on them. You go home happy, revitalized and content, patiently waiting for them to text you.On the surface it appears to be a management simulator, chock full of interesting things to do, with equally as many ways to do them. Beneath the surface lies something that I didn't expect, something that didn't quite sink its teeth into me until around 20 hours in; there is always a better way to do things and you will dream about them regardless of how often you play. Belt systems can be merged, split and re-routed in a million different ways, smelting grids can be reformatted to minimize their footprint but maximize their output. Electricity becomes an art as you weave power lines aesthetically around your base being extra careful not to create a criss-cross which, while functional, looks terrible and we can't have terrible looking things in our base...You start to grow content with your output, making mental notes of how you would like to move things around to make room for future upgrades. You sit back and enjoy your creation and how well everything is running. Suddenly, a red exclamation point shows up next to your toolbelt...hmmm, what's that? Your map shows it as well. You mouse over it, thinking that maybe you ran out of power or something simple, then it happens...The biters are ripping through your iron mining in the northwest corner of your base! They are shredding metal like hot butter. The miners are taken out and the biters turn their sights on you. With almost supernatural speed they race toward you, fangs wet with a taste for blood. You have only a pistol to protect you. 10 measily bullets because you didn't spend the research points to get weaponized. The screen goes red and your stats are shown.You vow to do things better. You will be ready the next time they attempt to breach your walls. Your factory will be stronger. You will be faster. They will be deader. This means war."
,Recommended,427520,23816378,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,(-WA-) Prof. Pocket ™,"Purchased this game on June 23rd, 2016 at approximately 10:00 pm PST.It is now June 25th, 2016, at 10:30 pm PST.It's been 48.5 hours since purchase.I have 41 hours in game.I have only eaten once.I have no desire to sleep.Cracktorio.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,28470610,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TheMadCapper,F*** this game for being so addicting. When I close eyes I now see conveyor belts.
76561198071736560,Recommended,427520,32881239,Posted: 27 June,all,bastronaut,Its a steal for this price.Time flies if you play this game.Great game to play.
,Recommended,427520,33981619,Posted: 2 August,all,Silencer,"The only game where you crash land on a planet, pollute the air, destroy the ecosystem, steal the natives resources, shoot up their schools, burn down their cities and still play the victim.Real life colony simulator 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,28462069,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mister Artorias,"Frequent updates? Check.Loads of content? Check.Active and helpful community? Check.Online multiplayer? Check.Free Demo? Check.Purchasable at a reasonable price? Annnnd Check.TL ; DR - If you happen to enjoy the satisfaction of building automated logistical structures, chances are, you will enjoy your time with Factorio. Don't know what I mean? Try the demo!In Factorio, the premise is simple; Build factories, kill aliens, and make a rocket which will ultimately blast you into space and win you the game. It sounds simple, but it's easier said than done. You'll start out small with very basic resources at your disposal. You will use these resources to slowly progress into the game by expanding your industrial complex and research new technologies. The game has a slight learning curve, but luckily, there's a tutorial that can teach you the basics of the game. Not to mention the extremely helpful and friendly community on the forums."
,Recommended,427520,24642736,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,eclps,"It's kinda like.... Rollercoaster Tycoon meets Starcraft and some analytical math, and then they stay up all night together smoking crack cocaine. In a good way."
,Recommended,427520,21528331,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MentalRobot,"Decided to buy the game and give it a try when i saw it on steam. After i got done playing and closed the game, i had 17 hours on record.Edit: My hours continue to grow, the main game about is figureing out what you need, how to get it, how to refine/process it, and deciding what to process it into next. Until to my understanding, you are able to launch a rocket into space, which is where the current game ends, but is planned to be expanded on.Do not however let this turn you away, the amount of content and thinking that goes into making your factory makes for endless hours of entertainment.Do you want to go for that next logistics upgrade to start produceing robots to manage your inventory for you? or try to mass produce express belts to speed up your entire factory?Do you want to go for the the power armor module upgrades to customise your very own suit? or maybe grab a friend and a couple of tanks to go blow the crap out of some aliens for some more factory space?The choice is yours!P.S. if you are in debate, don't forget about the free demo on their website."
,Recommended,427520,21903928,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,mtw,"An utterly addicting blend of Prison Architect, Minecraft, tower defense/RTS, and cocaine."
,Recommended,427520,21555154,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Fry The Brain,"Fry The Brain: You see what I have successfully accomplished in my 6 hours of playing this game, is I have managed to create a self functioning resource gathering facility. I have near limitless amounts of copper, iron, and coal.Fry The Brain: Now I am trying to create a self functioning research lab that incorporates my resource facilityFry The Brain: I am currently making assemblers to create the components needed to create two different kinds of research ingredients in order to advance my technologies....So I sent this message to a friend, and realized this is probably the best and only way I am going to fully describe this game, which is only barely scratching at the surface of how deep Factorio delves...I am hesitant to call it a game. This enigmatic program engages and commands you to use different parts of your brain in order to achieve objectives that you have never previously encountered within the virtual world. There is NO instant gratification! You must work in order to feel accomplished, like you have actually learned, and done something useful, without leaving the computer chair. It is truly an experience that we all should enjoy at least once in our lives."
76561198027008121,Recommended,427520,26112789,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dave,"Deserves its overwhelmingly positive rating. If you like resource management, base-building, automation - give it a try.The devs are active and there are tons of mods that make the game even more enjoyable (or ridiculously more complex, if that's what you're after)."
,Recommended,427520,22480914,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jagzeplin,Best $20 I ever spent. If you have a little OCD in you like myself then beware. This game may consume you for a while. It seems quaint and harmless at first but immediately after you get the satisfaction of automating red science production you figure out how to increase efficiency by changing something over here...but no now i need more iron ore to supply smelters...then more coal...yay done. Now green science...holy crap i need way more stuff...etc. There is a wonderful feeling that comes from watching my huge factory complex function at full capacity and I think thats the best part about Factorio. That inner satisfaction you get from building something cool in minecraft but better because in Factorio your constructions continue to be useful as opposed to just aesthetically pleasing. It must be played to be understood. Buy. It. Now.
,Recommended,427520,25498672,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Meritic,"Process of buying this game is a milestone in your life.You will make one automated thing... but wait i need to automate more stuff... oooo just a second that can be automated too?Then you tell yourself4hours of sleep are enough ...32 ? Well who need for sleep anyway.My machines doing all the pity work, all the hard work, all the complicated work,ALL THE WORK. Soon it will be done.I can finally send rocket to space and be free from this game. My wife might recognize me. I probably wasn't fired. But i enjoyed this time building my stuff.I cant ever lunch that cursed game again... I would loose all I have...Also what are MODS?1/1 = 10/10One of the best games I ever playedPS: MODS installed. Haven't eaten in a 5 daysSEND HELP"
,Recommended,427520,28921357,Posted: 1 January,all,Floodo1,"Currently at 629 hours.Both because this game is great and because it's a time-melter (""let me do just one more thing and then I'll be done ...""). Good from the beginning through to the very ""end"" game (giant factories).I wont cover what this game is like/about (watch a few vids on youtube, esp anything titled 'megabase'), but instead cover why I have playtime equivalent to a full-time job for nearly 4 months!Biggest upside to this game is that the dev team is still expanding and VERY involved with the community. The game has slowly gotten better, patch by patch. It was good when I started playing it but it has been improved in EVERY way since I purchased it, and will continue to improve for the foreseeable future. Each major version (0.13 -> 0.14 -> 0.15) has brought significant changes and the minor versions have lot of fixes/tweaks. The devs actually make fixes for minor issues in Reddit threads sometimes (-8Second upside is that there is a lot of fun (for some) to be had just optimizing your factory. It creates a progression in itself because you can play through the game to launch your first rocket. Then you can optimize your factory so that you can launch your second rocket much quicker than the first. Once you've played this game for awhile then besides the progression this game is really about 'optimizing' your production .. you already know how to build everything so the fun becomes either building things differently or optimizing what you've built so that it can produce more and more!This is where the time-melting really comes in (typical example) --> need to produce more 'red circuits' but that means I need more 'green circuit' production which means that my Iron Plate production needs improved which means my Iron Ore mining needs expanded ... BOOM, one simple task 'produce more red circuits' ends up melting hours as you get lost tweaking your new Iron Ore base, maybe so much that you forget why you even set out to improve Iron Ore production but you do remember the Copper Plate production problem taht you first noticed a couple of days ago ... ... ... (dozens of hours go by) ... ... ... 'Oh yeah, looks like red circuit production needs improved' ... (-8Third upside is the mods. LOTS of super helfpul/useful mods really expand the game. Mods like SmartTrain let you build some amazing systems (trains that automatically travel between remote mining outposts and production facilities that deliver resources to your main factory which feeds a production system to launch rockets every minute) or Bob's Mod which extends nearly every aspect of the game (much longer progression).I will say, this game isn't for everyone (my mom wouldn't play it) but if you're into this kind of thing then buy Factorio. It is the gold standard for this type of game and overall is VERY well made, by a team of devs who love what they've made and continue to develop it.Few games are worthy of so much play time and even fewer still actually get it, so watch some vids and trust me: this game is GOOD!Edit: cleaned up spelling mistakes and made the 'second upside' more clear."
76561198077406340,Recommended,427520,24383041,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Baba Booey,I had to cut out crack-cocaine becuase it was interfering with factorio.10/10
,Recommended,427520,26366405,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Abbatoth,"This is how early access is supposed to be. The developers listen to the community and respond quickly.This is also one of the BEST Early access games I have ever played. It has ""One more turn"" down pat, the challenge is set almost entirely by the player; half of the problems you run into are working around your earlier decisions. It is well optimized, multiplayer is only a littlke laggy, decided pretty much entirely by the internet connetions of the various players.BEST GAME"
76561197982727216,Recommended,427520,26708921,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,alanisman1,"When I saw the pics for this game I thought ""Yeah, it looks fun.""  When I played the demo I thought ""Yeah, it's pretty fun."" But when I actually bought the game (which never goes on sale to my knowledge) it was WAY BETTER than I imagined.  If you enjoy the logistics of moving raw materials, crafting, base-building, and alien worm-biter-spitter combat, this game will not disappoint.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!PROS+ Campaign missions seamlessly introduce you to game systems+ Very fun learning the game and figuring out how things work+ Flow of research flawlessly integrates more advanced tools and weapons+ Game is almost perfectly balanced and never feels unfair+ Excellent controls and interface leave you in complete control of your success+ Very satisfying when you solve problems and increase production+ Many ways to customize the game including sandbox, peaceful, and modsCONS- Only one simple goal (build a rocket and escape) leaves the game feeling stale and lifeless- Some items are poorly explained or have no tool tips (no in-game glossary or HELP section)- Can get frustrating trying to figure out how to get this thing waaay over there- Sound and music are almost non-existent- Crack-level of addiction has caused me to lose sleep"
76561198118788841,Recommended,427520,23116527,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LocalShitpostalAdmin,"Pros:-insanely entertaining-good for flexing your brain-native modding support-active subreddit-friendly communityCons:-kills social life-removes free time (streak free)-i don't think I've eaten in several days nowThis game is making me sink Minecraft-tier amounts of time into it because of mods. Played the entire game through and wanted a more challenging, or more complex playthrough? Want to launch ion cannons into space and use them to destroy the aliens? Want new ways to produce energy, new resources, and tons of new recipes? Mods have got you covered."
,Recommended,427520,26650196,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TragicWorld,"First off BUY THIS GAME12:00 am: Eh, this is interesting1:00 am: Ill lay down in about 10 minutes6:00 am: I hAvE tO AuToMatE ThIS One LaSt ThInG12:00 pm: *factory has become self aware. It is now plotting its escape from the game*"
,Recommended,427520,22809163,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Solorvox,"It is what we you always dreamed Space Engineers would be, but never was.  Automation on everything from ore extraction to factories.  Tens of thousands of items moving around all at once.  Thousands of flying robots delivering goods, repairing structures all the time under attack from large 100+ group monsters.If you like building bases, managing details like power lines and placing conveyor belts, then this is the game for you.Start of small and build your way to a massive base, connected by train tracks.  Have robots that can fly around and repair or even rebuild destroyed structures.  Tons of mods and fairly active dev team.  One of the few quality early access titles.Pros:- Automation done right, everything can be automated- Build complex supply and manufacturing areas to produce science, to unlock more stuff- Team up with friends to build in coop- To win the basic game goal takes around 30-35h, tons of tweakable settings to change to your liking- Lots of mods that completely change the game and tons of new contentCons:- Some of the later tech (blue science) takes a LOT of resources, you can spend a bit of time just waiting for things to finish- UI needs a bit of love in areas, (devs are working on that from what I read)- Trains are a wreck (yes a pun, but they are really painful to lay track and need a bit of work)- Not many AU/NZ players, game is very sensitive to lagOverall great game, active devs and should provide hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,427520,21875893,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Rosen Ritter,"Technological advance is an inherently iterative process. One does not simply take sand from the beach and produce a Dataprobe. We use crude tools to fashion better tools, and then our better tools to fashion more precise tools, and so on. Each minor refinement is a step in the process, and all of the steps must be taken."
,Recommended,427520,23415169,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,James Voldemor,Have a few hours to kill b4 lunch.Decide to play Factorio.Play a bit and look at the clock.Dinner time already.Time Machine Confirmed.10/10 would warp again.
,Recommended,427520,25082383,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,"Robo Handies, $19.99 p/h p/h","Day 42Last night I had a dream. I flew high above the Earth and I gazed down at Creation. 'Twas not the Creation of a superior being, free and clean, clear and majestic, beautiful, bright, a world of magic and wonderment. No, the creation I looked upon was chaotic, frightening, full of over-complication and madness, dark, made by the hand of a lowly creature who's mind was twisted with the thoughts of the Unspeakable Creatures from the Other Places. Motivated by the inability to stop, he toiled away, adding to the monster he was creating, with no thoughts of orginization or coherence; it just had to fit. The veins of this creature covered the land, ever moving, little hands grabbing all as if for nourishment, but never satisfied. I watched the lungs of the beast breathe energy into it's nerves, fueling it's desire to consume the world. I could hear the scraping of it's jaws as it chewed at the Earth, swallowing it's riches only to spit them back up moments later.As I watched from the ethereal, the Mad One ran about this leviathan as if he were a crazed Frankentein, bringing Life and movement to things that should be kept still. All of a sudden, he stopped. His eyes turned up to observe me, and I knew at once the horrible truth: this small, tireless worker for the Dark Ones, who's life was driven only by pain and insanity, this creature was me....I awoke in a panic, sweat pooling around me. I knew I could never rest, never sleep; They won't let me. I can only build, only continue Their work. The designs don't make sense, but it doesn't matter; it works, and I must continue. We are close to our Goal, They say, though I know not what it is.I log on once more. Peace will come only when I'm done..."
76561198178237913,Recommended,427520,29136379,Posted: 9 January,all,ElderFlame,"16 Hours played.. Purchased the game 24 hours ago, called out sick out of work and missed my kids 11th birthday... on the bright side i finally got train system working* Only purchase if you don't mind runing your life"
76561198058472947,Recommended,427520,31725564,Posted: 13 May,all,Viv,"How Factorio plays every time.1.  Start a new game2.  Spend hours playing it3.  Kind of finish the game4.  Not entirely satisfied with how you played it5.  Go to Step 1Seriously, the pinnacle of management games."
,Recommended,427520,21944923,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Caffeinecat,"One of those games that makes you go, ""just five more minutes to finish this one thing"" and suddenly it's 6 o'clock in the morning. 10/10 would skip sleep again.Addendum:I guess I called it?"
76561198035316734,Recommended,427520,25819681,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Roadie,"Finnaly another diamond in the rough!186 hours in about a month and I put in 44+ hours of RL work 6 days a week. My house is in shambles and the cats are starving.This game resparks the addictive insperation and flowing mechanics to keep playing over and over and over.Master of orion 2 achieved this, Xcom apocolypse achieved this, Minecraft achieved this, Fallout 2 achieved this. Also lets not forget the recent, Stardew Valley and now we have Factorio. ""one more turn , more more build, 3 hours later,,, crap, I gotta be to work in 4 hours and I havnt slept yet."".A instant classic.The thought and execution of how this game works and how it is put together is astounding to todays standards.It has a balance and flow that doesnt force a player into a instant meta as in ""you have to do this like this all the time"" but instead says, ""it is your game too, play on."".This is not one of those games you finish in a few hours, then again why would you want to? Some folks have over 500+ hours on one map! I have one that has 96 hours currently.This game has a soul, you can feel it by how the controls and overall game mechanics flow seamlessly together. A lot of thought and some pure old school genius is at work here.If you loved the games from the 90's that relied on game mechanics and getting the most depth out of a little space then here it is.Parts of this game remind me of, Roller coaster tycoon, Minecraft, Sim city, and oddly Commando from a over head view ""old NES version"". It even has the flavor of a train simulator. It also is a puzzle game and really makes you think in a good way. _how can I build this-how can I make this better-how much bigger can I make it.ConsI gotta add the negitives as well but there are not much to add; At first the game can seem daunting or even overwhelming when it comes to figuring out how things go together and work but that soon passes.  Starting the tutorial campaign helps with this.I would give this game a easy 10/10 but I give it a 9/10 because it is not finished yet.I strongly reccomend this game for those who like a building sandbox game where you feel you are achieving somthing every step of the way."
,Recommended,427520,21732613,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Tux,Food? What's that? Can I automate it? What do you mean I have to sleep?
76561198021099875,Recommended,427520,21578383,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,twitch,Don't buy this if you have something you need to do. Like remembering to eat...
76561198088603494,Recommended,427520,22323178,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Mediocre Moth,The Lorax would not be pleased
,Recommended,427520,29523015,Posted: 27 January,all,Lilly Stromfall,OCD Simulator 201610\10
,Recommended,427520,28141353,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mechanical Lions,"A strong recommend for lovers of tweaking systems for the betterment of themselves and the worsening of everything around them.The true genius of this game is that it's actually a masterclass in logistics programming that tricks you into wanting to eradicate aliens for their resources. It's the agony of always being one part short to complete your fancy new subsystem that's connected to a main line of cargo that you've already spent hours carefully connecting only to realize that you could move something just 2 tiles and add one more inserter here or there to improve it by only 0.25%. That's a huge number in the world of this many moving parts and most players of this game would likely agree.The sense of progression is something akin to Civilization where the start of the game provides you with 2 sticks that you can rub together to make your first furnace glow that will have to be powered by fuel you hand gather. By the end you'll be in charge of a giant series of machines that spans across a literally infinite map that just simply wants more and more. Your robot army will help put fuel in your tank so that you can drive to site, destroy all of the aliens around it, design a new system on top of it, add it to a blueprint and plop it down with one mouse click right next to your new train depot that's piping ore into smelters 10 minutes (in train speed) away in the other direction.If you get lost, there's a lot... and I mean a lot of information out there from other players that also realize this game is as much of a theory and programming language as it is a game. I personally think experimenting until everything on fire is the best kind of science so I've spent quite a few hours now just hooking things up to things and trying to figure out exactly just how far I can take the programming circuits. Sure I could have played the game and won several times over, but this very much the hybrid between real-time strategy base building and Transport Tycoon I didn't know I really wanted until I just blew almost a whole week of free time playing it.Of course YOU can play this game exactly how you want, because after all it's multiple games at once. It's a formidble tower defense game and turtling is a viable strategy. You can turn the aliens off and just build a fancy factory that hordes resource, or you can play the game the ""right"" way and work towards building a rocket to get off of this alien infested rock. A very supportive mod community makes a ton of completely optional enhancements that do very minor things like improve quality of life, or add complete overhauls that seemingly have created expansions for the base game. I just experimented with a mod that overhauled how the game generates resources, which drastically changed my entire strategy. Again, I say option because the base game already offers 100's of hours of enjoyment if you find what it is that I personally enjoy:Destroying an entire planet..efficiently!9.5/10 mechafistsside note: if this were an Early Access alpha standard, I may not regret 97% of the other abandoned trash fires I pointlessly invested in. This game is still heavily supported and maintained each week after FOUR years."
,Recommended,427520,21715786,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CommissarBRO,"This is probably one of the best games I've ever played. Keep in mind, I don't make that statement lightly. Factorio is one part real-time strategy game, one part management tycoon-esque game, and another part survival game. You start with some iron in your inventory and after about 10 hours in, you have an absolutely massive automated factory generally too big for you to see all on one screen yet for some reason you never forget what each part of the factory is doing. You'll go from coal powered machinery billowing out clouds of smog to electric furnaces buzzing with logistic robots. By the end you will see thousands of machine arms moving resources/goods to storage containers, furnaces or assembling machines and assuming you've done it right, it will all go off without a hitch. Trains delivering fresh ore to the main factory lines being unloaded in perfect unison onto conveyor belts to be refined into intermediate products which allow for research and more intense production. I don't even know where to start or end when discussing this game because it's just so damn well done and it's so much fun to play. If ever there was a game worth grabbing for 20 bucks and playing with friends, it was definitely Factorio. I promise you won't regret it.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1a1jUsfYBE"
,Recommended,427520,22123592,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,C.L.U.,"I have quite a few games, I've been playing them for over two decades or so, it's a bold claim when I say this; this may be the finest, most intelligent, in depth game to be ever created, to date, it is totally mind-blowingly enthralling.It's a resource sim, it's real-time strategy, it's a science sandbox, it's so many things you'll love to discover.Pick this up, $€20 is a steal, this is the game you've been waiting for."
,Recommended,427520,22625084,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Nick The Dad,"Playing this game is like eating ice cream while being lactose intolerant. You know you're going to suffer the next day, or maybe sooner when you're up in the middle of the night, but it is so good that you simply don't care. If only they made Preparation H for your brain.In all seriousness, I can't recommend this game highly enough. It is one of the most intelligent, entertaining, and brain-expanding games I have ever played in over 30 years of gaming. I've put well over a hundred hours into this game and still haven't done everything there is to do. If you only buy one game this year, make it FACTORIO!"
,Recommended,427520,22024398,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,FAXE,"Day 1:""Ok, looks simple. Looks a little bit like Minecraft and Terraria. Thats not that difficult.""Day 8:""How should that work? ... Ahhhh Ok I got it""Day 16:""What the F*ck was that! Oh my god help Help HELP!!!!""Day 21:""Ok, I got attacked but now I have walls and turrets so I think I`m good to go.""Day 83:""I don`t know what time it is, but everything works. What was that?!?! Oh, I need more of steel ... good ... Good!!!""Day 192:""...""Day 436:""I think I need a break ... Nah, I`m fine! lets move on!""Day 587:""I think I beat the game ... I dont want to quit playing!!! I just make everything better and bigger, yeeees ...""[That was my time playing Factorio: Am I addicted? Nooo! I just love this game!]"
76561197998853039,Recommended,427520,24698527,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,xavious,"Buy This.Just make sure all your affairs are in order first, cause you ain't gonna get to them later."
76561198011767503,Recommended,427520,22518553,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SamTulster,More addictive than drugs. Less expensive than gambling.10/10
,Recommended,427520,30841660,Posted: 30 March,all,Zipur,Great Game 10/10Me: Lets build a row of steam enginesInner me: Build ten thousand solar panels
,Recommended,427520,31876740,Posted: 21 May,all,Nalyk,"I know I am a failure.  I must accept it, I must overcome it.  I must do better, I must start over.  Again.  And again. And again.  More trains, better trains, faster iron and copper smelting, more circuts for the love of heaven, more circuts.And as I lie broken on the alter of effeciency, it begins to rain.   Thunder rings out across my factory, barely overcoming the deafening sound of a thousand conveyor belts squeaking.  If I close my eyes tight enough I can see their twists and turns, weaving in and out and around everything and nothing.  Lightening tears at the night sky fracturing it, breaking it down, piece by piece, as I am doing to this lonley world.The air is acrid and choked with smog of my own making, rain doing nothing to clean the air.  And over everything, the incessant buzz of tens of thousands of logi bots flitting this way and that.  Just as their masses begin to block out the sun I suddenly realize, I will never leave this place on the rocket I have made.  It is a lie.  A false achievement, a false god and a goal that means less and less even as I hear the claxtons blaring in the distance.  Batteries exhausted my weary legs empowered by exotic means become leaden and I drift away.Suddenly I'm awake, I'm home, in my bed, not 10's of thousands of light years away on a distant planet, I blink, and I still see conveyor belts a dim memory fading in a balmy night.  I will lie awake, unable to leave the twisting conveyors of my dreams behind.10/10Would dream about conveyor belts again.Also, if someone really wants to risk litigation, a 40k mod about a forge world for this game would be pretty spot on...."
76561198035809038,Recommended,427520,30333873,Posted: 5 March,all,Windybeard,Pros1 - Complex and rewarding throughout2 - Intelligent game play3 - Building super factories is simple and difficult in all the right ways4 - Multiplayer factory building5 - Depth of game mechanics always provides new and better ways to do things6 - Infinite replayability7 - Regular content updates8 - Visual design perfect for the game9 - Requires thought and consideration to perfect designsCons1 - Scenario's are not as good as they should be2 - Tutorial system a little weak3 - User interface could use some work
,Recommended,427520,24966789,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Very Bad Rat,"I've never played a game for more than 4 hours straight without getting bored, I played Factorio for 10 hours straight without even thinking of closing the game.Wonderful game."
,Recommended,427520,29398716,Posted: 21 January,all,Pheydar,"Alright this game when i first got it i wasnt expecting much and after an hour im like this is it. All i do is build factories and optimize those factories and upgrading those factories and making red,blue,green,purple potions with my factories to research how to make better factories and after making those better factories you make more factories and it goes on and on and your like ""Oh ♥♥♥♥ its sunrise"".All seriousness though this game is amazing haven't felt like this since playing minecraft for the first time. The depth you can go into is astounding and you will be obsessed with micromaning belts and trying to optimize your layout till you realize every thing is possible with robots and solar panels so you just resort to sitting back and staring at your factory until you realize you made a giant mechanical bee hive. There are aliens but i played on peaceful and when we wanted to clear them out me and my friend just got a flamethrower and span around like balerinas (dunno bout that spieling though(mispel intented)) until we found out the flamethrower destroys everything including your worst enemy.....trees. Yes you can start your own bushfires Victora or California style or your national equivalent(soz for sick sense of humor) as trees do nothing but get in the way of the hive.This game is an easy 10/10 and it stands as a prime example of what early access should be weekly posts detailing updates and development progress and optimization which is on point though your probably think  dafaq this game getting gold medal for optimization it looks like some Command and Conquer: Tiberium Sun level♥♥♥♥♥♥but the game handles excellently with massive factories without any fps drops or overuse of cpu usage. Anyway im gonna shut up now so yeah ....... get it.......its gud.........better than cocaine.......even though i dont know what cocaine is like.........still better than sex........♥♥♥♥♥♥...dunno wot thats like either..........bye now....im going to cry......and probably play more cocaine...i mean sex...i mean factorio."
76561198036489070,Recommended,427520,30058077,Posted: 20 February,all,mikeday,"Ever wanted to:+ design and build a massive factory and watch it work?+ create your own rail system to ship huge quantities of ore, metal, intermediate products, and final products throughout your network of mega-factories?+ upgrade your capabilities through and beyond industrial age tech, military tech, robotic logicistics, even rocketry?+ start out barely able to defend yourself with a simple handgun, collecting rock and coal with hard work and a simple pickaxe, and advance to be an unstoppable god of destruction who can level forests and enormous enemy bases simply by walking through them, letting your army of flying autonomous combat and construction robots do all the work for you?There so much here, all of it of incredibly high quality, and its not even a full release.  The devs are the most professional, dedicated team I've ever had the pleasure of giving my money to, every penny worth it.Can't say enough good about this game."
,Recommended,427520,21536994,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,fizruk,best game 2016 r8ed 8/8on a more serious noteif you have the patience and dedication you can make almost anything in this gamevery consumingyou will die a virgin
,Recommended,427520,32396002,Posted: 13 June,all,Rage_Mode,"10/10Sorry for the short Review but I have to keep playing, no time for long texts"
76561198102499039,Recommended,427520,26208271,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,General Discomfort,"236.8 hours on record so far and probably 100 of them have been logged late at night as I promise myself that THIS will be the last thing I build, collect, research or attack before turning in for bed. 10/10 will rebuild and blast off again."
,Recommended,427520,34544963,Posted: 27 August,all,Sirloyn,I hope you have time. Lots and lots of time.
,Recommended,427520,24046389,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,300 Angry Kittens,"Started playing the game yesterday with my brother in a two player co-op. 14 hours later (with one stop to cram a pizza down) we decided we had better call it a day, to be continured tomorrow.Several cups of tea were brought to us and largely ignored because the game demands full interest. From a British gentlemen there can be no higher compliment than to put something else before a cup of tea."
,Recommended,427520,21972050,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,slippifishi,"It is like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of sim city and minecraft, playing settlers 2 while talking to command and conquer on the phone, swapping stories about theme park and transport tycoon.It is the best bits of all these games, rolled into one."
,Recommended,427520,29048685,Posted: 5 January,all,Lucky,"Its a trap! don't play the demo unless you have $20.Edit: I have conveyor belt fetish now, send help."
,Recommended,427520,21807397,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fraiser,Bought game in the morning. Researched a few things. Looked outside and saw it was dark.I didn't even eat anything all day.10/10 would starve again.
76561197963768175,Recommended,427520,31077996,Posted: 11 April,all,Mday,"I don't usually post reviews, but when I do...This game is such a marvel. You start from scratch, and then you optimize, optimize, scrap it all, and rebuild it again till you're unsure how this oiled factory could ever come from two coal drillers and a conveyor belt.One thing of particular note: The developers deserve praise. They listen to the community, keep you updated and they are passionate in their work. It shows in every aspect of this game - and it can become so addictive that even a lack of end-game isn't that much of an issue. Stop reading. Play the demo, pay the (measly) twenty bucks. It's absolutely the definition of 'worth it'."
,Recommended,427520,22042142,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Snakey,You can basically create a modern-day China in this game11/10 would China again
,Recommended,427520,22838257,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ohmusama,"So, this game is basically amazing. You start out by picking rocks up off the ground, and end the game leisurly watching your robot army fly around moving resources and building your base while you lay back and soak up some alien sunshine.I beat the game, decided I wanted to play it again, but harder so...Added mods (BOBs mods) to make harder, more complexity == more fun!,Added more mods, and made everything very low spawn chance, so I had to build trains out to all sorts of resources, trains == even more fun! (don't get squished!)Easy to pick up, hard to master the efficiencies.7/5"
,Recommended,427520,21735647,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Funonly,87.3 hrs last two weeks / 87.3 hrs on record... I (still) have a full time job nuf said
76561198030735740,Recommended,427520,24548741,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MysticWanderer,"This game will eat your soul.  Do not install this until you have a clear calender for at least 3 days.  Stock up on snacks and drinks first too.  Heck hire a maid/cook for the week.  This ""early access"" game is more fleshed out than many full release games that have had a patch or two and that cost much more."
76561197996675673,Recommended,427520,25767123,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Skix,"I stood there, wreathed in flame. A stupid smile was on my face. I was experiencing (with unrepentant joy) the awesome power of having both energy shields, and a flame thrower. Wave after wave of enemies mindlessly flung themselves at me, each one died like the last: Drowned in a sea fire. Their screams of anger and despair melded together in a cacophonous symphony of pain within my headphones as I sprayed their nests with liquid death. They had fought Valiantly. Desperately. But had not been enough. All was silent now. I could here the wind blowing, The quiet, near non-existant ambient soundtrack hit a somber chord. Smoke was still rising. During my rampage, a forest to the east had been lit aflame. The fire spread throughout it, a blazing wall of destruction, keen on consuming the whole of the forest. Left behind were only a scant few charred, smoking husks of what once were trees.Low on power and ammo, I decided to make my way back to the car so I could return to base and resupply.But I had... Difficultly. The world had changed in the few minutes that had passed since I had left it. As I passed the innumerable corpses and husks of earlier conquests... The once lush and green forests that i had litterally needed to hack through to proceed were gone. Replaced only with barren, charred wasteland. As I became more and more lost in my own destruction, I began to feel a twinge of guilt. I was just one guy, and yet here I was, destroying an entire world, and for what?And then, almost as if on cue:Congratulations! You've Earned an Achievement!Pyromaniac: Destroy 10,000 Trees with Fire.10/10Would Burn the world again."
76561198028499230,Recommended,427520,24503469,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Froth,I dream about how to improve my factory.  Send help.
,Recommended,427520,34216092,Posted: 13 August,all,Anbertrandt,I procrastinated in real life. Now I do it in factorio.
,Recommended,427520,23810204,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KatherineOfSky,"Ever since I was a little child, I dreamed about a game involving conveyor belts... where items would move along assembly lines, and be transformed into other products... which would also travellate along the streams of ever-moving belts leading to ever more consumers...My friend, my dream has come true! It's called: FACTORIO.Pros:+ Conveyor Belts!!!+ Decent Campaign (read ""Tutorial"") to learn the ropes+ Freeplay: where you will test your mettle against the hostile aliens of the planet!+ ... or not.  Peaceful Mode allows you to remove the military threat.+ From simple beginnings, you can create a factory that will grow in size and complexity+ Freedom in design -- make things as sloppy or as efficient as your style allows.+ Production ratios allow you to min/max, but the game is forgiving if you want to play it casually.+ Multiplayer allows you to design factories cooperatively+ As you get better at the game, you'll find yourself thinking of new ways to construct things, making things more efficient.+ Trains!+ Power armor & various cool offensive items like Destroyer drones.+ Many many hours of content.+ Logistics robots that bring you stuff, and construct things according to your wishes!+ The devs are actively working on the game, and present Factorio Friday Facts weekly.+ They made my dream come TRUE!Early Access:+ Runs extremely stably -- never experienced a crash or game-breaking bug in nearly 300 hours.Cons:- Even though there is TONS of content... we want more!  We want it all!!! ;-)TL;DRWith nearly 300 hours in-game as of writing this review, I can say that I have gotten MUCH MORE than my money's worth... and the devs aren’t even done yet!Factorio is game about automation.... building a factory a piece at a time until you have either: 1. a spaghetti mass of belts going everywhere, or 2. a streamlined main bus design, or 3. a mega factory that launches a rocket every second!If you still need more convincing, check out my game guide here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=661582295"
,Recommended,427520,22598750,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CakemixV3,"I recomend this game so hard, but it takes a while so I'm going to automatically produce reviews."
,Recommended,427520,32888221,Posted: 27 June,all,Slacks,"Day#1(Ingame): eh Not that hard to play, Pretty Easy,Day#2: Oh sweet now I dont have to do anything!Day#7: Rail Line is now set up, time to set up mini-factories nowDay#15: Haven't slept in about 2 days, Oh wellDay#22:Robotic's district up and running,Day#23: Ugh my Copper production district is broken, Stupid aliens,Day#30: Oh an update? Uranium??Day#45: I need to sleep.Day#60:huh, my Steam Production isnt working at all due to this update, Oh well time to get the new ratioDay#80: Finnaly I got my rocket.Day#81: Finnaly I beat the game, and I haven't slept in 3 days,*Creates new game*Day#1:time to rebuild it all"
,Recommended,427520,30113717,Posted: 22 February,all,Scarecrow,"Do you play modded Minecraft? Do you love setting up elaborate factories using IC2, Gregtech and a myriad other pain in the♥♥♥♥♥mods so you can build the utimate armor and weapons?If so... this game is nothing but that!Factorio is the epitomy of setting up epic Minecraft factories in order to fuel your fusion reactors or create enough iridium to build your graviton suit!Start with a single mining machine and harvest the materials you need to automate mining of iron, copper, stone and coal. Build epic factories where you channel your raw materials into various assemblers to build more and more complex items. Research and unlock new technologies. Leave the game idling in the background for hours as you wait for things to finish!If that's what you enjoy... just hit the buy button now and get going.If that made no sense to you or you were making strange faces while reading that... move along."
,Recommended,427520,25737669,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Snicker,This game is as deep as No Mans sky is wide.
,Recommended,427520,25579642,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,-JVox- Toadally,"Dᴀʏ 1I've just spawned in, I have this furnace and a burner mining drill, and a stuffed pony I've had for my entire life. I place the drill down and start mining, and eventually create an electrical system to do it without fuel.Dᴀʏ 2I've started researching new technologies to enhance my automation. I start building turrets, walls, and automated assembly machines for automation. Eventually, I automate all of these.Dᴀʏ 3Aliens have attacked, and all of my assemblers have been destroyed. My mind is itching from having to handcraft the assemblers instead of having them be automated.Dᴀʏ 12My base is now approximately two miles wide and a three quarters of a mile tall. I've got railroad systems bringing oil back and forth to the central processing system. Three friends join me and we hop inside tanks and kill the aliens and take their artifacts to use.Dᴀʏ 27Finally researched rockets, and my team is about to launch one tomorrow. We're all so hyped for it, that we create a circuit network firework show out of lamps that activate once the rocket launches.Dᴀʏ 28We launched the rocket, and it went perfectly! We've sent a satellite to space and we've got information on everything on this planet. But we're not done yetDᴀʏ 54We don't have enough resources to satisfy our factories anymore, we can barely produce 500 electronic circuits a second.Dᴀʏ 57My friends have quit, I was fired from my job and my girlfriend dumped me, my life is in ruin. But I must continue. I must get more resources!Dᴀʏ 59Furnaces are no longer running, my steam engines have stopped, my solar panels cannot receive any more light due to the amount of pollution in the air. But, there is one way I can get my factory back. I must fuel my boilers. Desperate to continue my legacy, I walk over to the boilers. I check my inventory for anything I can fuel it with, and I find something. After a couple deep breaths contemplating on if this will solve my power issues, I pick up the stuffed pony, and I put it inside the boiler.10/10 would destroy personally important objects again"
,Recommended,427520,22596129,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Some Guy,"""Just one more drill"" I said...just one moreand anotherand anotherand anotherIt develops a mind of its own, you know? It takes over, starts making itself. But, once you realize it, its too late. All you can see is factories. Drills dropping ores onto conveyor belts, machines picking the ore up and smelting it into a plate, machines taking those plates and making parts, machines turning those parts into more drills and more machines. It's endless, but you don't care. By that point you've already offed most of the native wildlife and the planet is covered in a thick smog. ""It's more efficient,"" you say ""just one more drill.""justonemore"
,Recommended,427520,24542623,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Plentin,Don't get this game if you love your family.
,Recommended,427520,30451153,Posted: 11 March,all,Xuniak,"Your first factory endgame - tangled mess of random conveyor belts, transportation problems, too small production of many things and general cluster of machinery - you run around like a headless chicken.Your second factory endgame - neatly arranged belts coming to neatly designated enormous areas of production and tons of ""spaghetti lines"" train tracks to everywhere - you run around constucting and fighting biters.Your third and following factories endgame - big main bus for resources, compact yet gigantic production lines, thought out complicated train lines with multiple tracks and signalisation system, gigantic perimeter wall litered with turrets, fields of solar panels and tons of robots flying everywhere - you sit back and just tell your robots what to build/kill.Warning: This game is Extremely addicting and time consuming - you sit down to improve one of your numerous production lines, you do so in what feels like 10 minutes then you look at the clock and realize two hours have passed.Also, there is always something to do in Factorio, never a dull moment :)"
76561198014926590,Recommended,427520,25071216,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Skathmaine,"i could not recommend this game more,tldr: in 20 years of gaming its the best money i ever spent on any game everaproaching 700 hours of gameplay and no sign of slowing game timethe game is simple, yet engaging in a way that is hard to explainyour a single guy who lands on a planet, you start with very little and have to develop the 6 resource types through a tech eveolution starting with steam and ending up with launching a satalite into orbit.  the wildlife isnt friendly and evolves as you make a mess of their planet.  you have to balance resource aquisition with factory design and base defences to survive the alien planet.  there is no right way to win and your free to try many different methods. many many times i have sat down to play for a few hours only to find out i missed lunch, dinner, bed time and that light beaming into my eyes is tommorrows dawn reminding me i missed another day to this game.  and i dont care this game is just that amazing.  I could rave for hours, trains, oil refining, combinators, replayability, multi player, it just goes on and on.  you have to try this game.   do it, do it now.And Now at 1200 hours, still not slowing down.  still the best game i ever bought1600 hours, game still awesome3000 hours, still the best money i spent on a game"
76561198085391841,Recommended,427520,31276457,Posted: 21 April,all,Grossout,"This game is good, addictive as F, and with mods even better. I've been playing 350 hours this month and still going.It is good.And by ""good"" I mean GODDAAM DUDE!Scratches the same itch for me than anno 2070 did, I love this kind of logistic micromanagement. It takes away the sence of time and few times I have been playing for about 32 hours straight in one sitting.I was checking this game for a long time but the price felt always too high, being 20€. Now after 350 hours I feel like I have robbed this game developer, since I feel like I paid way too little for this.This game would deserve more poetic and verbally talented reviewer than me, but I just want to say that you should buy this game."
,Recommended,427520,22292452,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,smokey,"I've had this game for 3 days and already have 22 hours in it, but just figured out you can catch raw fish.10/10gameplay-amazingsounds-amazinggraphics-decentaddictive-yesEven better if you play multiplayer with friends.Wish to be able to be able to craft something so i can cross water such as a bridge and would love if there was steam supported multiplayer. Other than that the devs are doing an amazing job, haven't found a single bug in the game yet either.*EDIT*-They have implemented a feature where you can extend/add land to cross water.Also added steam multiplayer."
,Recommended,427520,21802824,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Vikky,You start the game by scrounging bits and pieces from the land in mediocre amounts.In the middle of the game you have automated everything to the point you can construct construction units.By the end of the game you realize your factory layout is complete trash and you need to rebuild it.10/10 I want my life back
,Recommended,427520,24171051,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Notorious P.I.G.,"You, the sole worker, control the means of production. Karl Marx would be proud.This is one of those games that once you pick up, you will never put back down."
,Recommended,427520,22203132,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Someone_u_may_know,"Saw that it was rated #1 on steam, looked at it and said ""this game looks boring""-Torrent-50hours playing the game-went to buy it-this is just the starti need help, send help"
76561197980696176,Recommended,427520,25399230,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,VaFO,"This game is amazing. From min-max production management to fully fledged pasta cooking, it will make hours fly faster than fully upgraded conveyor belts.Over 600h+ in, I haven't even got started with logical circuits. OR EVEN MULTYPLAYER!!Mods are aplenty and the community is very active, as is the developer team. A must have for any Minecraft or Transport Tycoon aficionados, even being a completely different game."
,Recommended,427520,22488731,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,thegregoman,"Hexis Simulator 2016!In this game, you find yourself stranded in a pristine alien landscape.  The game progresses as you clear-cut the forests and extract every last resource you can to make more widgets.What are the widgets for?  I dunno, rockets or something.What about the angry natives whose habitat is being destroyed?  Bullets seem to work.When I take a moment to zoom out and look at the miles and miles of barren wasteland criss-crossed with conveyor belts, refineries, and the dead carcasses of an extinct species, I can't help but swell with pride."
,Recommended,427520,21601959,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,laurent,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR THE FOLLOWING WILL HAPPEN TO YOU:- lack of sleep- when you collapse you will dream of conveyor belts- loss of appetite- accumulation of restaurant coupons- voicemail forever full- loss of hair- loss of libido- girlfriend dumps you (if you have one)- you will die alone- resurected as a biter, a small one that dies quickly to be resurected as a tree"
,Recommended,427520,21516092,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Celador,"While normally i would nitpick and write a negative review just to get the game down from 99% i must admit that it's hard to find any serious flaws with Factorio.I've been following it since 2014 and i can say that i've yet to encounter a broken release or a serious game breaking bug despite the game being in an alpha stage. The steady stream of decent updates and developer communication is what puts this game on par with kerbal space program, prison architect, grim dawn or craft the world and it's just one of those early access games done right for a change.What you should understand about Factorio that it's not a minecraftesque game. It's not Starbound, it's not Terraria and it's not a crafting-survival game to begin with. It's closer to Big Pharma, Capitalism or Settlers as you are tasked with building numerous production chains rather than specific items for a specific purpose. It also has elements of tower defence/base building and just a bit of strategy gameplay for when you attack alien nests but that's it - this is mostly an economical micromanagement game which relies heavily on it's fanbase and people like me who actually enjoy micromanaging stuff.While some will inevitably dislike the whole concept - i find having a lot of ""stuff"" to manage and build more liberating than having to simply dig dirt and build houses... even though i admit that i like crafting games too.From what i've seen over the years this game can only get better as the developers seem to understand how good games suppose to work - there's balance between building, defending, expanding and recently they added an end goal as well. I can only imagine what would modders do to this game after they add workshop and in game mod support since it's quite easy to add new stuff and overhaul the game completely.Even in it's current state it is definitely worth trying so i can actually recommend it. But if you want to wait - wait for a version 0.13 which is going to add a lot of new stuff or for a workshop support."
76561198023635071,Recommended,427520,31346772,Posted: 24 April,all,Malformator,"I didn't like the look of it at first.Played the demo because of positive reviews.Bought game immediately.Even if you're not into these games, seriously try it out it's pretty damn fun."
,Recommended,427520,22350730,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,̸̵̴̷̴̸̷̴̖̭̞̙͖̖͚̞̈́̉͊̃͂̈́̉͊,"I didn't just give up $20, I gave up my life."
,Recommended,427520,24390980,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,kileak,Hi! I'm a factory manager in real life (no lie) and I thought I'd give my impressions of this game so far.My initial impressions of this game was this it was an interesting spin on the basics of city building games that allow you to EH WAIT WTF WHY ISNT THIS CONVEYOR BELT CARRYING IRON PLATES OH GOD WHY IS THERE SO MUCH COAL WHERE ARE ALL THESE COAL COMING FROM HEY WHY ISN'T THERE ENOUGH ELECTRIC AHHHHH GO AWAY ALIENS CAN'T YOU SEE I'M TRYING TO BUILD STUFF HERE NO WAIT DONT BITE THAT CABLE DAMMIT NOW I HAVE TO SEE WHY ISNT THAT CLUSTER OF FACTORIES WORKING NO NO NO WHY IS THERE SO MUCH COAL I GOT KILLED BY MY OWN TRAIN THATS SO CHEAP I DIDN'T EVEN SEE IT COMING NO NO NO ALIENS NOT NOW I'M TYRING TO BUILD AHHHHHHH WHO IS THIS WOMAN IN MY HOUSE WHY IS SHE LOOKING AT ME WITH ANGRY FACE OH WELL SHE IS OFFERING FOOD I CAN'T COMPLAIN10/10 would fight with my cat for the mouse for my computer to play Factorio again
,Recommended,427520,21575219,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kubik,Started playing after dinner.  Then realized it was 3am.  Next day I made a dedicated server for coop multiplayer with friends.  This game is amazing!!
76561197983786651,Recommended,427520,21674239,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Starbug,"This game is either an allegory of indigenous residents rising up against over-industrialization.Or it's an amazingly addictive puzzle / strategy game. It's the seemingly infinite map size that gives you - as chief polluter - a massive canvas to spread your creation over. Have one mega base, dotted outposts or link everything up with trains into a massive megalopolis of dirty industry.It's fantastic.Buy this if you are :-The sort of person who loves creating problems.The sort of person who loves solving problems.Very, very good indeed. So good that you could easily overlook the fact that it's early access. Can only imagine what else the developers have in mind to add next. From what I've read, we have fire mechanics, space platforms and other strategy layers to look forward to.Would like to mention the enemy progression system. Enemies ""level"" up, or evolve based on your pollution output. Run a green factory and you might never see an enemy. Run it the other way and the pollution is eaten (??) by the enemies, making them stronger and evolving them into new forms, like Pokemon did (or so I'm told).Give it a try, and curse the developer for making such a compelling experience that you've sat through 5+ hours in the mistaken belief you've only been playing for an hour or two."
,Recommended,427520,24172132,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,lili,"I bought the game feeling a bit skeptical of its entertainment value, worried that its complexity will quickly turn stale for someone not ovely fond of meticulous planning and theorycrafting.If you have the same reservations, fear not! 20 hours of game time later, I am still in the ""early-game"" stage (due to a few false starts), and I am definitely still having a blast. Even if you don't aim to create the perfectly efficient, fully optimized build, the game is very much enjoyable.Just be warned that you will probably never sleep again. Even if you somehow manage to force yourself away from the game long enough to go to bed, your dreams will be haunted by mines and assembly lines.Update:I've now spent much more time with it and yes, it's still a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,427520,23512476,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,maple,"be glad this game doesnt cost the $5,000,000,000,000,000 it's worth. amazing game, amazing price."
,Recommended,427520,21720022,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Snake,The only downside of this game is that the reviews are not 100% positive.
,Recommended,427520,26121686,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Katoosie,"A very fun and time consuming construction game. I did not play it a lot at first since everything seemed so complicated but after sticking with it I learned a lot and building your factories is really rewarding and gratifying.I would recommend the game to anyone, full price. Can't wait for future updates!Go Factorio!"
,Recommended,427520,25316442,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BlackPhoenix,"I bought this game and it downloaded relativley fast with a small download size and i said ""huh, might be a nice hour or two worth of gameplay here"".How wrong I was, 17 Days later I emerged into the sunlight yelling ""WHAT YEAR IS IT?!""11/10, Would tech tree again"
76561198013561959,Recommended,427520,34223524,Posted: 13 August,all,Tigerman McCool,"I bought this game thinking it would be boring and complicated and I was half right.I bought this for me and a couple friends and we played for 10 hours strait and didnt even know we had , hell I was starving and didnt even realize it untill we took a break,I am currently at 30 hours and in this game means I am still a mega NOOB my first world with my friends we did it all wrong had so much pollution and had biters on our♥♥♥♥♥every second. It was probaly salvageable but instead we started again and its going better we probaly are doing it wrong still but thats how this game works learn from your mistakes and get better.I can see this game being the first on steam I play till 1000 Hours because even if you master the base game (which is a feat in and of itself) you have a whole heap of mods that can change the game in the smallest ways to complete game changers. So I say this game is well worth the $20s and I have enjoyed it more than some of the newer triple A games I have played this year. If you like complex puzzle like building and strategy then this game is for you. If you like non stop action then maybe try this anyway you might find it itches your brain in a way you never knew you liked."
,Recommended,427520,21487314,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Bagman,"Addictive and rewarding with plenty of depth to keep you coming back after what could be hundreds of hours. The game  performs well on most systems, even when factory's get hectic. The games unique game play is incredibly refreshing and with plenty of Polish. The game is currently in early access but game performs like a charm with plenty of game play, this game will have you glued to you chair as you jump from task to task building up your factory. If you were/are a fan of games like dwarf fortress or modded minecraft you'll be sure to love this title too. If you aren't already persuaded try out the demo!"
76561198218959781,Recommended,427520,32003927,Posted: 27 May,all,PineappleFury,"This game has killed its own genre. Because it's just too darn perfect. Nothing can actually be made that's better than this. Just...just get the demo and see for yourself. I would say more and describe the squeak of pumpjacks, the rolling sound of belts, the roar of furnaces, the cry of biters, the booming, ever so triumphant sound of your rocket launching that might even make you cry...but thinking about Factorio has just forced me to play. FACTORIES A PLENTY ARE CALLING ME. I MUST OBEY"
76561198173066269,Recommended,427520,22211117,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Iliterallyfucksmallrodents,It's Stardew Valley for men.
76561198005494584,Recommended,427520,21727288,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Quasar,The final nail in the coffin of my university career. 10/10 would fail year again
,Recommended,427520,25475640,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,alrecenk,"This game is listed as early access, but really you could remove like half of the game and it would still be a great game. Mines, factories, grabbers, conveyors, and some aliens to fight and it would be good, but there are also trains and circuits and logistic robots and modular power armor and tanks and oils, and you can automate everything. Oh, and did I mention it's multiplayer?The most important thing to note if you're thinking about getting Factorio is that you still need to eat and sleep."
76561198284005935,Recommended,427520,30808000,Posted: 28 March,all,CozyTheMighty,Its pretty neat until  you get hit by a train
,Recommended,427520,34811801,Posted: 8 September,all,{SG} Phantom Wolf,"look at my play time.now look at me,back to my play time,back to me,i work for a living, i pay bills, i take out the trash, i cook, ext ext.i have logged in excess of 1500 hours into this game. hours i will never get back, sleep i will never get back.my day consists of:play Factorioget ready for workplay Factorioworkplay Factoriogot homeplay Factoriocook dinnerplay Factorioeatplay Factoriosleep for 2 hoursrepeateven without the 100+ mods i have installed this game has an incredible replayability to it. the only game i have logged more hours into is Space Engineers and...well, i didn't have a job back then so yea.for an early access game i have got to say, i don't believe in the 1500+ hours my my life i have ever encountered a bug.if you like resource management games, buy it.if you like time wasters, but itif you hate spending time with other people, buy it!if you hate bugs..... BUY IT!"
,Recommended,427520,32052250,Posted: 29 May,all,Max,Quite possibly the best game I've ever played. The fact that you can play cooperatively puts it at 11/10
,Recommended,427520,34482495,Posted: 25 August,all,mengmengsimon,First game in my life that makes me want to spend even more time playing it despite the 60+ hours I've already spent.10/10 SERIOUSLY
,Recommended,427520,29748571,Posted: 6 February,all,Archande,"Before I started playing this game I had no idea how to make spaghetti, but now I can do it without even trying. It's actually becoming somewhat of a problem. Speaking of spaghetti it is also a great game to play if you want to forget to eat or drink throughout the day, but maybe that's just me.There is so much to do in this game once you get past the initial gathering of resources to start building your factory, you will not likely find a moment in the game where there isnt something you can be building or improving. I also found it very interesting to just figure out how everything works on my own, which is easily possible for the most part, though there is some more advanced stuff to learn that you might need outside help for. Your first few factories are more than likely going to be absolutely awful, but once you finally figure out how to make a good one there is such a great feeling of satisfaction.It is of course still an early access game, but at this point there is more than enough to keep you occupied for a good long while. There is also plenty of interesting stuff to be added in future updates to look forward to, so I guess that also gives a good reason to come back to it every now and then.In any case, this game is perfectly ideal for any person who highly values efficiency and is suitable for people who like Breen energy and killing the planet alike."
,Recommended,427520,24184114,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kazumi,"If you found IndustrialCraft confusing and makes no sense to you, try this game.After you get familiarized with the mechanism, you'll find that... wait what were we talking about days ago?"
,Recommended,427520,22567711,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Fern,"This game is really really fun, in an odd highly addictive and not entirely healthy way.The game is about factories, you build, design and impliment various ideas which evolve over time and eventually become massive interconnnected networked factories that harvest resources, construct machines, reserch new technologies and defend your assets from the local wildlife.The game looks very complicated on the surface, but is in fact a very simple game about problem solving, you build factories, those factories need resources, you send those factories the right resources, the game is about getting those resources to the right places and doing it all so you don't have to dirty your own precious hands with touching those filty resources, BLECH coal? pfft thats what robots are for, not my precious white collar hands!So as you progress beyond the base game of just getting stuff out of the ground and refined, you find yourself needing to build things out of your base resources, this is generally to save yourself time from building them yourselves and for producing science packs to reserch more useful things to build.To do this effectively, you have to manage lots of different resources, manufactured products and power. so you design systems and connect them together. gradually you get better at it and your systems need less and less imput from you to keep functioning.By the end your basically should be able to prettymuch sit back with an unbrella and deckchair, sipping mojhitos. if it werent for those cursed aliens dirtying up your pristine new world!Now the aim of the game is prettymuch to launch satelites into orbit, which takes AGES and lots and lots of work, but in freemode you could prettymuch just build a world encompasing factory if you really wanted to ecept that like minecraft, the world has no edges!Multiplayer?yep, it is indeed multiplayer, currently as of its most recent build 12.somethingorother  it has multiplayer co-op, apparently hundreds of players can play simultaneously on one map building factories, now bear in mind it is CO-OP so your working together and can do things to eachothers stuff, no permissions or anything like that, you can build seperate and share resources using trains and powerlines, that kind of thing if you like. or work directly with eachother in the same area.fight the aliens as a group in tanks. ect. its fun!although you can't really ""lose"" in multiplayer as anyone who dies respawns, but the aliens can certainly wreck your stuff.Its a fun and addictive game, ive spent some hours working out how to elegantly create uncloggable factories to build my shiny things, and likely if you buy it you will do the same!TLDR?its a good game, its about building factories, its about fighting off alien hordes, its about problem solving and design.do I like it? yep, its highly addictive and has multiplayer so you can play with lots and lots of your friends."
76561198079098412,Recommended,427520,30914080,Posted: 2 April,all,Natsu,prepare to waste away the rest of your life in this game
,Recommended,427520,30398885,Posted: 8 March,all,TypoMatser,"If you can wrap your head around losing countless hours of your life to managing a virtual factory with no fanfare, this game is for you.Pros:Game is incredibleCons:I've forgotten how to sleep"
76561198065301635,Recommended,427520,29385428,Posted: 20 January,all,Metal,"""Factorio: A Life Worth Losing"""
,Recommended,427520,24453479,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Wolfram Zeta,"Absolutely love this game. It'll have you going ""just a few more minutes"" or ""just till the research is done."" And then the research is done, and you think another won't hurt. And then it's 2 AM and you're still not tired.Jokes aside, factorio is a lovely game. While in early access it feels like a finished game. And while you can get to the end goal of putting a satellite in space (I haven't done that yet as of 87 hours!) there isnt a specific way that it's done, every time your factory is different, and highly unorganized until you really get the hang of the game, unlike me. I am part of the church of the flying spaghetti factory.Gameplay is simple. You start off with nothing (I think, it may be a furnace and drill. Doesn't make much of a difference) and slowly begin to automate. First, you automate mining, then refining, then science, crafting, oil refining and so on in the order you please. Science is most likely going to be your first major automation after ore processing and mining, as science is what gets research done, which allows you to ""level up"" per say, and unlock higher levels items, and weapons, which are needed to defend yourself from the hostile tree-hugging native insects who don't take kindly to your pollution of their homeworld.And not only can you automate processing, but you can make computers! Fully functional with displays, as long as you are dedicated enough.All in all, great game for the money, with near infinite replayability."
76561198035359427,Recommended,427520,23151835,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Moony,I have had this game for a week. I have already played 52 hours. I had played the demo for numerous hours before purchasing. I can honestly say that this is my most favorite game. I have not had this much fun in ages.
76561197992928723,Recommended,427520,21588635,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Velks Suisonic,"So this game is one of the most addicting games Ive ever played, one of only a few that I have lost hours with.  Make a cup of coffee....play Factorio for a few mins, take a drink...Coffees cold and the coffee maker has turned it self off.  2 hours gone in the blink of an eye.You already know if this is your type of game before even reading this review so let me just say that its well worth the 20 buck asking price, and the fact that is EA means it will only get better( as long as its just more added and the gameplay doesnt change) .Dont be turned off by how complexe the photos and videos look, The truth after 70 hours of gameplay I have yet to make anything as grand as what you see there, that would require a complete breakdown and replacing of the system you have to start over to make it look sooo smooth.  Thats a 200 hour goal i would say.  But even tho my creations have not been as grand in scale yet, it was a lot of fun getting to where i got and find myself almost school girl giddle about restarting from scratch to do things better.Ive never been good at describing features for reviews, but one thing i can say is that with the way each and every part is useful in its own way, the the attention to detail of the way the game plays, the Devs must really love this type of game.Gives me hope for the Early Access system, even if just a little, after Starforge and DF-9."
,Recommended,427520,28568350,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Brain Prime,"I LOVE IT!, it get's the brain juices flowin and takes up a lot of time. can't wait for more updates in the future."
76561197969216254,Recommended,427520,21924015,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Shonnas,"Edit, Previouisly gave negative review , after about 4 -5 hours gameplay, However, once over the inital hump of slightly fiddly interface, I now love this game, be warned its a life stealer.  Top work"
76561197965435788,Recommended,427520,25846756,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Acarin,"Once upon a time, I had a life.  Then I discovered Factorio.800+ hours in-game later, I surfaced long enough to write a review before going to catch a few hours of desperately-needed sleep...If you are at all OCD, this game is for you.  If you like Minecraft, this game is for you.  If you like to be able to design layouts and optimise the flow of things, (yes, you guessed it) this game is for you.  If you like fast-paces action shooters with state-of-the-art graphics... well, this game may or may not be for you but, as so many others have said, if it appeals to you then Factorio is like the gaming equivalent of a crack pipe.You start with just a few iron plates and a couple of other items, and a whole (infinite) map to explore.  The first hour or so is pretty boring, running around and collecting iron plates out of your furnace, chopping down trees for fuel, setting up miners and smelters, but then the tech tree starts to kick in.  Automation.  Logistics.  Defenses against the pesky native spawns.  Electricity.  Oil processing.  Trains.  The list goes on, and each level introduces new and wonderful things to build and play with.  CIrcuit networks!  People have built entire CPU models within the game, not to mention the automation facilities that you can put into practice with a bit of work (okay, and an understanding of Boolean logic or some in-depth forum research) :-)Eventually, you will get to launch a rocket.  ""I win!""But... you know, I could have built that base a bit neater.  And a LOT bigger.  And it would be kinda cool to launch more than one rocket.  Or one rocket every 10 minutes.  Or one rocket a minute.  Oh yeah, then there are the mods which introduce all kinds of other stuff if you ever get bored or dissatisfied with the vanilla game.£15?  The sheer amount of entertainment that I have received from this game would make it cheap at 5x the price!"
,Recommended,427520,21674990,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Reflex,"No time to eat, must build factories!"
,Recommended,427520,26587733,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Blackfrost,"3 copies purchased, this is a excellent game with incredible replay and multiplayer value. It may be Early Access but this isn't a let down like DayZ.. These devs actually care about this game and I fully stand behind and support it."
,Recommended,427520,23286237,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,supernet2,"Alrighty Review as promised, 7/1/2016After playing around i found 0.13.0 to be quite pleasing. Given it was rapidly updated within the last 3 days to 0.13.2 some noticeable improvements, for me the core difference was the reworking of their network, offering much needed stability vs the old fashion p2p networking.Alongside that, flamethrowers! Flamethrower turret, and the flamethrower itself was beautifully done, although LAGGY if you spam it hardcore (in multiplayer that is), its amazing, and the server easily stabalizies within seconds of stopping the jetstream of death you shoot. Now you truly are a mobile tank, with or with out the tank and destroyer capsules.This being said though, you'll enjoy improved game stability, alot more features that were corrected/patched in the 0.13.2 build. Personally, you'll love the new network scheme, if you buy your game throughfactorio.comor through steam (i suggest steam, and then link it tofactorio.combut either or), you will gain access to a new online hub, where you can see others who host servers, and hop in. Thats a major convience given now you do not need to know diddly about port forwarding, let alone configurations to host a temperary non headless server. Alot of new commands like kick, ban, promote, etc.... the admin commands are definitely a start.All in all, i personally enjoyed this game, if you like games that involve low taxing of the machine, runs on windows xp (32bit and 64bit builds), the fact you can run it on a low end gaming rig (raspberry pi Mk3 can play this through the linux steam build), you will certainlly want to take a crack at this game. The games that involve survival is what makes this game fun. But like games like minecraft, terraria are your thing? You'll like factorio. The game truly is limited to your imagination, and the cool part? All the infinite number of ways to optimize your own factory. Its a amazing idea starter game. Once you demo it, or really get into it, consider buying a copy. As for me, i bought 5 copies altogether, and i still have 2 in my steam inventory to gift out randomly. Think you like it? Respond with your most favorite like about factorio. For the next two weeks ill give out 2 copies of factorio, 1 copy a week. Consider this my Early Happy 4th of julyCheers"
,Recommended,427520,21535164,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,unsound,"""I could probably make this more efficient..."" and the next thing I knew 2 days had passed."
76561198112085648,Recommended,427520,32885538,Posted: 27 June,all,pinguin,"+ Get ready to take notes and spend the night figuring out what the perfect ratio is.+ Very addictive+ responsive community and developers (reddit) and a lot of patches when needed- has a learning curve that has to be passed, you can sometimes lose yourself when picking this game up for the first time"
76561198084712985,Recommended,427520,34909884,Posted: 12 September,all,sychris9,I enjoy games that are focused on crafting and invite thought with near unlimited expansion like they were drugs...  My playtime speeks for itself.
,Recommended,427520,23112406,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sonba,"A friend of mine got me to buy this game. At first I was a bit sceptical, because of the rather high price, but I got it anyway and don't regret it in the slightest. I already sunk countless hours into this lovely game without even realising it.0.12.33 Review:Pros:+ Unlimited Map size is an option+ Looks simple, but gets complex very quickly+ You can pretty much automize every single Production line+ Turrets, Walls and later Armor Piercing Rounds are your best friend+ There are already some interesting Mods out there+ Great way to kill Time+ Addicting & fun+ Even better with friends+ 2D Graphics are simple, yet beautiful+ Runs smoothly and stable+ Doesn't need much HD Space+ TanksCons:- You start of rather slowly- You also move slowly, until much later in the game- Enemies are quiet deadly in big numbers and apply the ""Zerg-Rush"" tactics- Enemies spawn insanely fast, when you attack their ""Villages"", the only reliable way to get rid of them is with the Tank- Early production lines can create Pollution-Clouds, making enemies more likely to attack- Tank can get easily overrun by larger Enemies. The Tank also takes a lot of damage from larger Worms- No alternative ""green"" route in the early game. Good ol'Coal stays with you until much later- Maps with unlimited size can get very big in file size- Story & Music need some improvementsNeutral:Space-Managment is a necessity, along with playing defensively and planing aheadYou need EVERY Ressource in the game all the time, 'cept woodSince automatic Train Routes are a bit complicated, reading/watching Guides will help youBeating the Game requires you to have enemies on the Map, since their buildings have a unique drop after being destroyed, which is necessary for researching technology and craftingOn of the few games with a fixed buying price of 20€ instead of the usual 19,99€TL;DR:Fun & Addicting game, where you create huge Production lines to make your life easier. It is in Early Access and obviously not perfect, but it runs smoothly and stable, so far, I didn't crashed once. While the Start and Player Movement is slow, after ca. 2 hours, it will run much faster. You don't have to make everything yourself, just make Machines that craft everything for you. There is a bit of balance issue between larger Enemies and you. From a defensive view, enough Turrets can fend of all enemies, but from an offensive viewpoint, the only safe way to kill enemies and destroy their spawners is with a Tank, but when the Enemies evolve into larger Beasts, the Tank struggles a bit. The Music imo is also not very noticeable. Story lacks a bit, I feel it's a basic story, that works.It's a good game overall, I do recommend it, if you like Sandbox games, or complex games."
,Recommended,427520,27392400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chixdiggit,Love this game. Well worth the money as it sits in Early Access. Can't wait to see the finished product.
76561198052272990,Recommended,427520,22324234,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jamesbond0025,"If you have no dreams for the future, you maywant to place your trust in the power of Factorio."
76561197961571258,Recommended,427520,22275686,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Coffee_Zombie,"This goddamn game has ruined my vacation.  I used to go the beach, drink rum at a swim up bar, look at girls in bikinis.  Now I sort out production lines.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,26123973,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Surtursfire,"Considering this game isnt even finished, the quality is astounding. I can easily see myself dumping 200+ hours into this game, and mods not only improve the vanilla game, but also add additional gameplay elements. Well worth, I would pay double."
,Recommended,427520,22786476,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Макдоналдс Биг Мак,"I've built intricate pathways, going over and under, every which way, spanning hundreds, maybe thousands of blocks away. I've created completely automated mining systems with iron and copper plates being made hundreds by the minute. I've concoted systems of power requiring thousands of metric tons of coal, generating power for my constant grind to the end. I've put everything in the exact right place, doing the exact thing I intended it to to and doing it at exactly the speed I want it to go.And I have absolutely no idea what I'm looking at.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,30273720,Posted: 1 March,all,Gramlights,"If you have a midterm tomorrow or any sort of test, don't buy this..................................Me: Hmmm, interesting game. Just gonna dabble on it a bit and play it tomorrow after my test1 hour laterMe: Hmm only a hour? I still got time to play a bitAnother 1 hour laterMe: Yeah let me just upgrade this one single belt then I'll study afterMoments laterMe: B R U H it's 5am"
,Recommended,427520,30805955,Posted: 28 March,all,AlewdPotato~,This is gonna ruin my lifeOh well:)its totally worth it  XD
,Recommended,427520,21854247,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jenial,02:00: Just one more thing before bed.....
76561198072060351,Recommended,427520,22258020,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hex Decimus,"You hear the phrase ""well that was X amount of time I'll never get back.""  Look at the number of hours I spent playing this game.  I don't ever want that time back, it was spent playing Factorio. I have no regrets.  This is everything I wanted from Minecraft but never got.Do you hate grinding in video games?  Factorio is only grindey if your factory sucks.  There's not a single progress bar that you can't fill faster by playing efficiently.  There's always something you could be doing better, and that's where the game excites the mind and fascinates the player.This game is so good it will ruin your life.  Approach with caution."
,Recommended,427520,30628046,Posted: 19 March,all,sexxxkittens,I am not an efficient man.
76561198089939259,Recommended,427520,23421424,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,EuphoricLlama,"I'm awful at reviews in general so I guess I'll just talk about the pros and cons from my personal experiance.Pros:+ I'm 30+ hours into one save and there's still so many things to do and research+ Everything seems to have been designed for the player, filters in the hotbar, organised inventory, smart placing of objects automatically and easy ways of transfering items between containers.+ Your only objective is to build a rocket which allows you to achive this goal however you like and play at any pace you choose.+ Campaign mode teaches you the basics that you need to know very well while still giving you freedom to do it your way.+ Very easy to scrap entire parts of your base quickly if you're not happy with it which becomes increasingly important as the game progesses.+ I made a save which had about 10 hours progress and I accidentally deleted it but I actually really looked forward starting again and acting on what I had learned from the first save.+ Difficulty can be modified in many ways rather than just making the enemies hit harder.+ Nice to see the exponential growth in enemy difficulty but does level out rather fast (see cons).Cons:- Some aspects of the midgame (especially trains and logistics/construction robots) are not exaplained at all in the campaign and are quite difficult to understand in the first place without internet seaching.- Quite unbalanced combat, you get the combat shotgun, all other weaponry is made completly obsolete.- After about 25-30 hours on normal difficulty - around the time I got power armor - all challenge seemed to drop out the game from the aliens. Attacks on my outposts and main factories were fended off with ease and even the largest bases stood no chance against my combat shotgun and defender combo.EDIT: Remove niggle about lack of bridges, issue has now been adressed by adding landfil to the game."
76561198057993955,Recommended,427520,21735553,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,| MegaTime | Jamie |,"A day in the life of a Factorio player:8am: Eat Breakfast9am: Start Playing10pm: Realise you missed Lunch, Dinner, The Toilet and a Social Life11pm: Having caught up with your day collapse into BedRepeat"
,Recommended,427520,21776498,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cake 🎂,It's like modded Minecraft without the Minecraft.
,Recommended,427520,31335293,Posted: 24 April,all,Shelby Foote,"I may have spent more hours total on other games, but this is the only game that has made me forget to eat. Worth every penny and then some!"
,Recommended,427520,27393579,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:The whole efficiency of building a great base and more and getter better/faster with each new playthroughThe constant drip feed of new tech and mostly balanced progressionWhat You Need to Know:The game has a goal for those that need it, you need to launch a rocket to get off the planet to officially “beat” the game and you can continue after you launch it.The main draw I think for most people will be designing and expanding their base and bases, and coming up with new ways to be more efficient and maybe going off the belt system all together. So it has tons of replay value if you’re into thatThe combat in this game isn’t a main draw. It is fun if you go overboard with hundreds of laser turrets or drones and destroy aliens faster and better than trump couldThe progression of new tech and scaling of your base on a new player is good until you get to the blue tier and fails on the last tier (which is going to changehttps://www.factorio.com/blog/post/fff-159). So for newer players this will ease the spike of complexity that might turn some off from the game.I’ve played through the game both single and co-op. This game is fun either way as long as your other players are willing to co-operate and work together. Mostly we just worked on separate projects for the overall goal. There will be some disagreement on how efficient and scalable a part of your base is. But that’s part of the fun XDAlso mods which are so great, some making it into the game, like the oil tanker. They add new variations on almost every item, like turrets, trains, mines etc. Overhauls like Bob’s Mods. Trust me the modding community is strong and great.I know most people only play through a game once, so they won’t fully experience Factorio. Even if you play the game once, it’s still worth it.Also they added achievements after I played through the game, they add a lot of reasons to replay the game differently, like beating the game without using logistic robots, crafting things by hand, on solar panels, or within 8 hours. All I plan on doing. Even mass production achievements to test your scaling. What I’m saying is they give you more reasons to replay the game.My only warning to potential new buyers is this, are you ok with setting your own goals? The game does guide you with the rocket for the end, but it’s up to you how to build your base to make the items to progress. This is similar to Terraria in that having little direction on what to do can turn off players. So if that’s you don’t get it. Otherwise you will enjoy this game so ♥♥♥♥ing muchMy Score:A+Paid:$20Completed once:  40 hoursGames similar:LOGistICALRimworldFactoryidle ( it's an idle game that is so ♥♥♥♥ing good for what is the stupidest genre of games)Infinifactory"
76561198159671229,Recommended,427520,26120668,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SirTaylor1011,"This game will blow your mind with the amount of crap you have to comprehend.IT FEELS AMAZING!(When you do something useful...)When playing this game, you will only find good fun and difficult challenges.Personally, I think that anyone who loves technology should play this game as it is the best ones I have ever seen in my life!I hope anyone who comes after me enjoys this beutiful creation as much as I."
76561198021833186,Recommended,427520,21765822,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Fat Gordy,"This game is so much fun to play.  My 9 year old daughter and 7 year old son watched me play for 30 minutes over my shoulder and started jumping up and down asking me to buy them copies so that we could all play together in multiplayer.  Now it's almost like a ritual for us to turn on the game and go hunting for biters when we get home from school and work.The game can be so incredibly complex yet is so intuitive.  I read another review that likened the game to writing code and I would have to say I agree, except so much more fun!  This is a great game to play with friends or your kids in co-op mode.  The factory layout possibilities are endless and you can optimize until your heart is content.It will take you a few hours to figure out what all of the hotkeys are and what all of the machines do, but you will stumble across most of the game on your own and in a enjoyable and natural progression.  For everything else, there is a Factorio wiki already in the works with a lot of definitions.This game definitely has a bright future when it goes gold."
,Recommended,427520,34305470,Posted: 17 August,all,❄❄Ripper.Pebble❄❄,Building and defending your base and automating ur factory what is better then doing this ?
,Recommended,427520,22164311,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xslare,"Illegal aliens started pouring in breaking my machines. Had to build a great wall, but I've make the factory great again!"
,Recommended,427520,31785562,Posted: 16 May,all,pumpkingPariah,"I'm a huge nerd.This game is for huge nerds.Therefore, I love this game."
,Recommended,427520,28229719,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,FabledChicken3,"Hey, you know that time when you have a spare hopur or two at 5:00PM and you want to do something that is not super boring for a while?  Well this is the game that you are looking for, it is the game that you start playing for a while and next thing you know it is 3:00 AM... that about summerises it."
,Recommended,427520,23627530,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Kulpas,"Me and my bud tried to rebuild Poland in this game.We acomplished literally nothing.""It does kinda look like Poland doesn't it?""10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22870019,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Tjordas,"8/1050 hours of mind-twisting fun, 5 hours of boredom. The progression of difficulty is almost perfect. Most of the time, your production can always be done the slow and manual, or the complicated automatic way, so that you will never feel overwhelmed by new items and their production lines, since you could also just produce the items by hand without much thought. Tus, it almost always feels like it was your choice to develop new factory systems and you will not quit playing the game because the next step is to hard to achieve.Some say, the enemies are just annoying and should be turned off, but I think they add a lot to the game, since you always need to consider, if a new production is really necessary to build, or if the resulting pollution could lure in too many enemies.The only thing I didn't like is the late game shortly before you finish it. Your goal is to build a giant rocket with a satellite aboard and to send it to space. As soon as you managed to develop every production line for this, the last 5-10 hours of the game are just an annoying repetition of firstly fending of the same enemies over and over again with no chance of destroying their spawn ultimately and secondly of finding new sources of ore as soon as the old mines are depleted. The rest of the time is waiting for the damn production to finish, as speding up your production would only lure in more enemies.Some features of the game seemed relatively useless though: The train system looks nice, but you will not really need many trains to finish the game and thus a complex rail signal network seems pointless. The same is true for the signal network, which I did not use at all (also because the game does not explain anything about how it works). And as cool as the logistic robots seem to be, most of the time they just seem to be useful, when you are too lazy to set up organized transport belts, as the robots are just too expensive, slow and lacking inventory space. In general, most of the technology you can research in the game is a bit disappointing when you finally come to use it. Why build a sophisticated armor with energy fields, when your trusty old tank is still the best bet in the end? Why should you surround yourself with extremely expensive short-lived combat drones that require huge amounts of research, if you never face an enemy without walls or a tank between you?But apart from the rather boring last hours and many pointless, though interesting features, it is still a great game that pushes your strategic thinking to the limit so that you can stare at your own factory in awe."
,Recommended,427520,23013704,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ZerolessmusicDTD,"The one game I have found that makes 5.25 hours feel like 30 minutes... If you are addicted to drugs, you will probably find a new addiction to this, good luck."
,Recommended,427520,28463134,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Gonzako,"A great example of a well though out game. Great tutorial and great base mechanics, will recommend 24/7. Also, please play the demo, its there for something."
,Recommended,427520,23475366,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Wolfykins,The game is worth the solid non-sale giving 20 bucks. The only limit is you when it comes to what you can do with this game..
76561198017966075,Recommended,427520,22813018,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kinder Lijk,This game will kill your social life faster than Skyrim.
76561198030622641,Recommended,427520,25587793,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Victorious Tortoise,Easily one of the best games on Steam.
,Recommended,427520,33581299,Posted: 16 July,all,Pyrowman,"This game might seem intimidatingly complex at first, but has a really nice curve to it. I love the technical mod packs for Minecraft, but the problem with those is that there's no clear path to take; it's just one big jumble of resources, machines and crafting recipes. Factorio solves that problem by implementing a technology tree. For instance: in order to build a diesel locomotive, you first need to understand logistics, automation and engines. This way, you won't get overwhelmed with choices and can take your time understanding each new tech you unlock.If you're looking for a solid game to really sink some time into, look no further."
76561197977755899,Recommended,427520,30379279,Posted: 7 March,all,zogg,"This game is so addictive; the quality is amazing for an early access game, also with so much customization and replay ability. 10/10"
76561197965419981,Recommended,427520,23387695,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Van Ham,This game is like crack
,Recommended,427520,21993503,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"As insanely addictive as it is fun, Factorio caught me completely by surprise.  I picked the game up after hearing from a bunch of friends that it was great and also due to the fact that it had a 99% overwhelmingly positive rating on Steam.  The videos and screenshots didn't have me entirely sold on it but I decided to give it a go and within an hour I was hooked on it.  So hooked, in fact, that it became the only game that I played for nearly a week.The premise of Factorio is that your ship crashlanded on an alien planet that is rich in raw materials and packed full of hostile creatures.  At first you'll be harvesting resources by hand and trying to set up a small outpost but within a short period of time you'll have set up the basics of your ever-growing industrial assembly network that will process all kinds of resources and goods into increasingly more complex goods.  As your technology level rises the variety and potency of your production will continue to increase.Gameplay clips and screenshots won't give you even a glimpse of the true game experience, which is unfortunate, and because of that I almost passed entirely on this great game.  If you're on the fence at all about it I highly recommend that you pick it up.  You won't be disappointed.  There are few games out there that can give you the feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction that Factorio does all while having a lot of fun putting it together."
,Recommended,427520,21844987,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BabaYaga,I think I spent 24 hours playing over a period of 48 hours...And I have a very busy life.This game is killing me.Enough said.
,Recommended,427520,31678709,Posted: 11 May,all,Chicauxerrus,"Boy oh Boy this game is awesomeI'm generally not interested in indie games, solo games, early access gamesAnd despites all of that I consider Factorio as one of my favorite gameThe gameplay feels so original and refreshing, nothing comes close to what i've ever seen. And who thought solving logistic issue could be so fun ?I spend way to much time trying to have the prefect designs that when i'm done researching all of the blue techs I still havnt properly set up my oil procesing, my train network and my logistic robots networkThis game is awesome, this game will eat your free time like an american eats his mcdonnalds and just like him you will ask for more"
,Recommended,427520,29547609,Posted: 28 January,all,Artechz,Best OCD game ever.10/10
,Recommended,427520,24767731,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,GanJa #Holiday,40h at 4 day = almost lose the jobPs. Would explain again on disciplinary meeting that i wasn't well :)
76561198012088610,Recommended,427520,21738542,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Archaon,Just one more conveyor belt...
,Recommended,427520,21775708,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,bloodreaver,"I am in love with this game. It feels like a breath of fresh air, it's unique, fun, challenging....I've often just sat back and watched everything run for 5 minutes at a time, it's simply beautiful."
76561197993604865,Recommended,427520,23237598,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,CC,"Your life will be assimilated into the machines that you will build to automate everything.Most ideal game I have ever played. I can play campaign maps, infinite freeplay worlds, supply and logistic challenges and blow native life into oblivion.Best part of the game is extending the game with mods that are build by other players or by my self for an extra challenging experience.Played about 180 hours in the first month and will continue playing cause I need to build many more factories.So many items, so many possibilities, so many ways to extend your factory to continually produce faster. Until all surrounding native life will come at you and destroy everything.The ""Just 5 More Minutes"" Award."
76561197966009849,Recommended,427520,22216279,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Nemesis,Now I just need to automate my sleep so I can keep on playing this game
76561198005183296,Recommended,427520,30183005,Posted: 25 February,all,Sir Podge,"This game has infected my brain to the point where whenever I look at a power line I think ""is that efficient enough"", so 10/10 would let take over life again."
76561198054039692,Recommended,427520,21749184,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,TheSexyCucumber,china simulator 201611/10 would pollute the ♥♥♥♥ out of an alien world
76561198017065468,Recommended,427520,22807650,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jorrrrrn,"Yeah, you're reading that right...98% rating on an Early Access game. I've definitely been burned before on an EA title or two, but this one is up there with Kerbal Space Program and Prison Architect--it's not even officially done yet and it already reeks of Awesome.Factorio takes a very simple base concept and executes it in incredible fashion. You start from standing around, all by yourself, on a desolate landscape with nothing but a pickaxe, and work your way up through increasingly complex chains of research and resource management until you create SkyNet's deranged cousin out of 5,000,000,000 tons of steel and electronic circuits.Along the way you're faced with increasingly difficult dilemmas, as your industrial machine continues to grow organically and you're forced to deal with the consequences of every single decision you've made. You're not producing enough Copper Wire... Then you're producing too much and it's jamming up the works... Then you relieve the pressure but accidentally scramble part of the supply chain... Then you reach a new technological breakthrough that suddenly requires 5x more wiring... Then your copper mine runs out while you were trying to fix all of this, and you need to install a rail line to a new complex... Then you realize that you haven't fixed ANY of this stuff while you've been staring at the screen for 5 minutes trying to figure out what to do next, and suddenly aliens rush in and eat your face. It's these weird moments that spring up that really make the game work for me. The frantic pace of the mining equipment, the assembly plants, and on and on can lead you to implement imperfect, spur-of-the-moment solutions to problems, which in turn create new situations that need to be dealt with in the neverending spiral of madness.The giant automated monstrosity you will eventually create is almost like a physical manifestation of your own creativity and intellect combined in one huge, robotic mass. The game gives you the building blocks, but in a way you generate your own content, because your own play style and aesthetic sensibilities will determine what problems you face moving forward, and how often you face them, and how severe they are. Even the most well-oiled and carefully planned designs you come up with will have minor flaws in them (at best), and it's minimizing/mitigating these imperfections that becomes the heart of gameplay. There are a million solutions to each problem you face, and a billion problems from each solution you create. It's frustrating, engrossing, and rewarding all at the same time.The game's campaign does a good job of introducing its core concepts in a steady progression. Sandbox Mode allows you to tweak every little factor of your procedurally generated world, to make it as easy or as difficult as you'd like. I haven't played multiplayer yet, but I plan to jump in as soon as I feel like I have a more solid mastery of the game; I'll certainly update my review then.I can say, though, that at 20 hours of game time I feel like I'm just scratching the surface of what Factorio has to offer... At $20, I'd say that that's definitely on the right track, even if my cargo trains aren't."
,Recommended,427520,21722555,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Defender of Sexyness,"Amazing game and addictive AF. Does not feel like an early access game at all. Looks and runs great. yet to notice anything that would hinder the game.Defile and pollute a rich fertile land, build networks of factories and murder the local inhabitants.A great game that really makes the most of a players problem solving skills, and imagination. Even better with friends to play with.New favourite of mine. Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,427520,25980208,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,|BE| Vakonof,Great game. Much fun to be had with mods and with your friends in multiplayer. #Just5MoreMinutes
76561197960467524,Recommended,427520,25698572,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,UncertainAmbivalence,10 out 10 would Automate again
,Recommended,427520,34887815,Posted: 11 September,all,Khaln,Amazing game. Accessible but you can nerd out endlessly developing an ever more complex contraption.
,Recommended,427520,21933766,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Solarstrike,"This is quite simply one of the greatest games ever created. In almost 40 years never have i played a game so addictive, so detailed, so intricate in design and functionality, that i question whether the developer(s) is really a human and not some highly intelligent alien. Don't let the ""simple"" graphics style fool you. Very highly recommended and my choice for PC Game of the Year.Pros:-Insanely addictive gameplay-Highly detailed animations-Great music and sound effects which enhance the games' atmosphere-Unlimited replay factor-WUBE Software LTD.Cons:-None"
76561198062087271,Recommended,427520,24524503,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Marsman,You will spend hours making a complex system to create green science packs then you split four things off that line and spend another hour finding and fixing the problem. Then you will zoom out to see what it all looks like and wonder how in the world does it all work. a month later you fire up your old save to see what you can do and realize you have no idea how any of this works
76561198011597778,Recommended,427520,21524529,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Noosebrother,"All the screens you see are wonderfull, ordered, beautifully placed circuits of perfection.once i start playing it i quickly end up with the spaghetti from hell.not that this is a bad thing, far from it.it's like that minecraft thing where others build the most epic houses and you just plonk down a box.it's like that.and like minecraft (this game resembles minecraft in no way by the way) you can turn the hostile aliens into peacefull ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.a good one to do when starting out because you will find making the tracks and stuff hard enough in the beginning without having to worry about getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥bitten off.it's a resource manager and circuit fetishist's wet dream.and it keeps me awake.seriously, i keep thinking about factory layouts...i need help."
76561197976563687,Recommended,427520,34827095,Posted: 8 September,all,A+,"Do believe the reviews stating that this game will make you lose days of your life and leave you starving for food on a consistent basis. I decided to download the demo thinking 'Hey, what is all this fuss about, I mean, the graphics aren't even that good...?', little did I know. Once the demo ended, I promptly bought the game, and proceeded to binge play until the wee hours of the next morning.You might be asking the same questions I asked initially; ‘What is this game about?’, and ‘What do I do in this game?’. Basically it’s a base builder that lets you automate any process you might need for protecting, building, powering and maintaining your base… plus its multiplayer!If you enjoy logical games, that require you to think ahead about logistics as well as discovering new technology or faster and more efficient ways of doing things, this game is for you! I highly recommend getting a copy of this game, even in its early access state. There is much to do, and endless ways to do everything!Note: It would be wise to play the tutorial, as well as seek Google/YouTube for how to’s, as things can get very complex."
76561198015450793,Recommended,427520,33165440,Posted: 2 July,all,Byron thor,"Launched a rocket. Started again lauched it quicker. Started again only hand craft 110 items launched a rocket. Installed mods - really complex didnt launch rocket. Looked at achievements I havent received, proceed to die to train, then proceeded to put power armor on and stop a train using my body Put fish in a rocket. Didnt use logisits or Solar launched rocket. Made a base to build a train ASAP. Made a base dedicated to producing green circuits. Reasearched all Technologies. Installed 0.15 launched a rocket. Started a marathon mode game currrently at purple science increasing my resource input to my factory - hopefully will launch a rocket."
,Recommended,427520,31708489,Posted: 12 May,all,Entity,"This game is way too cheap for what it is.If you are even remotely interested, just buy it already.Don't let the Early Access tag fool you either; this game puts manyactually releasedgames to shame in terms of quality and content. And that's not even counting the full modding support.Pretty much the best game of its kind out there at the moment."
,Recommended,427520,21678352,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Huyster,Drove into an electric poleshut out the poweralien raidedgot rekt10/10
,Recommended,427520,22155118,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Gabe Jacobs,"Good luck getting your school work done, this game will make you the most production non-productive person on Earth. The game starts out small, a couple conveyer belts here, a couple conveyer belts there. 4 hours in and ""HOLY♥♥♥♥SHIT LOOK AT THIS MONSTER MACHINERY I HAVE CREATED!!!!""It's like playing a top down version of Terraria/Minecraft, except you don't have to tell your parents you're gay, because it's nothing like either of those games. It's a game of it's own, unique is an understatement. It feels like a fully complete game as well, very well polished and ZERO bugs.10/10 Would purchase this game."
,Recommended,427520,25652915,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ludo237👽🤖,This game is so addictive that I barely sleep in recent weeks.INEEDTOAUTOMATETHINGI MEANALL THE THING!!!
76561198163649747,Recommended,427520,31576362,Posted: 6 May,all,mrsmeads1975,best game ever !!!!
,Recommended,427520,21723258,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,oooootktktk,"Pollute the planet, kill hostile natives, pollute more, kill all natives, burn down their houses and eat alien sashimi to gain health, 10/10."
,Recommended,427520,21694514,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Judy Hopps,"You know the feeling of victory and satisfaction when you manage to untangle a pair of headphones that got washed?It's that, with robots."
,Recommended,427520,21981924,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Wince,"Great concept. Research, unlock, face new problems & improve.Create a delivery network for you're new home, research new stuff, face each new unlock required component problematics depending your current needs, improve your network, manage and optimize various needs (energy, cooling, transport, ressources, components, defense, etc.) with each tech tree steps.Deal with thelocalsthat react to the pollution you create.The main campaign is nice.Puzzle game mode.Freeplay & creative mode(+ modding eventually)Overall lot lot of fun.@22/03/2016 side notes:- actually mid+/late gameplay flow could be a bit slow, with long waiting phases, depending some of your managing, expansion scales & headings choices.- Much more is planned, but what's currently available is already very distracting and interesting.- Pipes network mechanics are a bit shady actually: pressure, speed need some more in game tooltips and helper- Rail network could eventually use a few more upgrade like ""electric"" Overhead line"
,Recommended,427520,23593319,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Panzerdivision3[ITA],"Take Minecraft, instal the mods ComputerCraft, IndustrialCraft, BuildCraftand the Spacecraft, play in 3rd person and what do you'll get? FACTORIO! I really enjoy this game. A the beginning is a little bit difficult to understand how all machinery works, but if you watch some tutorials on YT (there are septillion of tutorials), you'll learn how it works. Because, when you understand how it works, the game is done! This game, in fact, is based on logical process, so when you realize this logic, you can do everything you want: enormous assembly lines, fully automated systems and this is AMAZING! Especially when they work well. It's also developing a very big mod-community. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the the successor of Minecraft!"
76561198058668312,Recommended,427520,21957235,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,TheSmokeyBandit,Simply one of the best games on Steam.  Make sure to get it with a friend.
,Recommended,427520,21589925,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,FloomingGonzo,This game is like an ugly person with a great personality. 10/10  Love it :)
76561198041468431,Recommended,427520,22173145,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Danny Mac,Only game I've ever felt compelled to leave a review for. Amazing game. Buy it
76561197992688262,Recommended,427520,33126730,Posted: 2 July,all,Bizoudours,"Greatest game in a very long time for me.Always finding new ways to do things better, restarting is not getting old because you do things better and discover new ways every single time.First review ever because it really deserves it.Gotta try to get back to life now... or maybe scale up to a rocket every 30 seconds ?"
76561197981660725,Recommended,427520,21725822,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Skitz,"Ah, ah, ah, what a wonderful world we sometimes live in!This, my fellow gamers, is one of those true indie gems where you can actually feel the love of the developers.I have played a tremendous amount of tycoon/simulator games in my life and this piece takes me right back to simcity 2000 and themepark. That same nostalgy and sense of boundless enthousiasm only kids and teenagers experience, thats what Factorio does to me.It has a lot of depth, the amount of building and research is great with some intricate and surprisingly fresh takes like the Roboport and Blueprints and what that means for base development.It is superstable, running at 60fps constantly, even in multiplayer, with no gamebreaking bugs detected (only a very few smalltime things that are easily fixed).It is an early access which means it isnt finished. Something that is noticeable endgame, when all that there is left is killing alien camps for artifacts to continue research and development. This is the point where the game gets in abit of a  slowdown and a bit tedious but by far not enough to stop me from trying to achieve the ultimate goal.I am looking forward to what the devs are planning to add and seeing how they have been working on this title for 4 years i am pretty confident it will be good.All in all i can safely say that this is one of the best tycoon/simulator games i have ever played, its right next to Cities: skylines and Prison Architect.Strongly recommended for afficionados of this genre, it has abit of a learning curve so beginners (and even more experienced) might need a youtube tutorial for certain aspects of the game.Dont miss this title, triple A games eat♥♥♥♥♥♥when indies like this come out."
76561198001129276,Recommended,427520,22360184,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Perdendum,"Build car. Run into trees. Crash car. Lose items.Build tank. Run through trees. Run through enemies. Run through enemy bases. Drive home.Also, build factories or something.9.9/10 Because I can't drive."
76561197982530266,Recommended,427520,21522422,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jimmy James,"It's incredibly satisfying to construct a complicated supply chain and then doubly so to tie that into others, and sit back and watch what you've created go to work. If you've played and enjoyed games like FortressCraft or enjoy supply chain aspects of other games do yourself a favor and pick this up."
,Recommended,427520,22486869,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cyberboi,"Sat down to play with a friend for a half-an-hour session, I peeled myself off my chair the following day. 10/10 would recommend livestreaming it."
,Recommended,427520,21701627,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,wishsong,"There should be a timer that hard pauses the game after 10 hours; count down 10 minutes so I can run to the bathroom and grab a bite to eat. I started this game chopping down a tree, now I am trying to figure out what chems to combine so I can produce more power for my factories. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,31798192,Posted: 16 May,all,The Pope's Face,"200 hours later, still can't get the cracktorio out of my veins... send help."
76561197994839071,Recommended,427520,22096556,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,huggy88,"Well I did have other plans for my 3 day weekend, but I stumbled upon this game in my recommended games and I thought I would give it a try. Every day this weekend there was a time I ""come up for air"" and I check the time and the whole day was gone and I forgot to eat and do anything else, yesterday I forgot to sleep and I went to bed this morning at 5:30am. Thank you Factorio. I put in more hours on this game in three days than I would in a full time job. Excellent game."
,Recommended,427520,21818737,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Vittorio E,"Allow me to throw my positive review on the mountain of other positive reviews.  If you're the kind of person who gets satisfaction out of automating resource collection and production (and who isn't?), this is the game for you.  The first time I got a train network set up with multiple stops I felt like a god.  I've probably only seen 2/3 of the technologies so far, and it's already more game than I could ask for.  Even the parts of the game not related to production are fun - the combat is slightly simplified but it allows just enough control to be satisfying, and I love driving around in the little car to visit my various outposts.  On top of everything else, there are already hundreds of mods available for customizing your game or adding features you think might be missing.Forget the ""Early Access"" tag - you won't even notice (except maybe the bland options menu)."
,Recommended,427520,22221915,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Guess I'll die,"An amazing game. At first it seems dawnting to play but it's very easy to get the hang of. Next thing you know, many hours have passed you're trying to find the most efficient ways to make green science packs."
,Recommended,427520,25708490,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Bomberlt,"Perfect game for Minecraft and management games fans.You get all the excitement of creating stuff like in Minecraft, but instead of boring mining you get to manage automation. If you like you can just create simple automation with no optimization and it's fine. But you can optimise layout a lot if you like games like Sim City or Tycoons.Not finished campaign yet, which seems to be quite long (at least 30+ hours) but doesn't feel long. Which conludes to my main point:Be warned - this game is really addictive and takes time as fast as other time eating games.Cons (keep in mind it's early access):- I guess for some people it could be boring/annoying to manage all the stuff (you really need more space sometimes and it takes time to spread all the stuff to get more space)- Enemies seems to be getting stronger (not sure) but player cannot see how strong they become- A bit hard to know all the stuff without in game info search (most of the stuff you get in tutorial/campaign, but there a bit things that are not mentioned)- Technology reseaching seems unfinished and a bit hard to know how it's structured.Pros:- Awesome extensive crafting with lots of stuff and not overwhelming.- Nice enemies - you always need to keep in mind them and at the same time they don't make game like some war game- Very interesting transport system(s)- Interesting campaign- Game is not finished, yet it feels like full fledged - something like Prison Architect, just feels like this game has much more content"
76561197995214515,Recommended,427520,21617902,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Andromedean,"It's one part SimCity, one part Dwarf Fortress, and one part OpenTTD.Needless to say if you like any of those, you're probably going to like this too.Though it may be billed as early access, almost all of the groundwork is already done, the game is already more or less complete and can only get more complete.Graphically the game isn't all that impressive.  There's some jankiness to some animations, and the world is rather bland visually.  There's not too many different types of terrain, not that terrain makes that much of a difference.  The graphics are just there so you can tell different things apart, pretty much, and for that it accomplishes it's purpose.  Even though the graphics aren't that impressive in themselves, seeing the way your factory moves and works together is always a treat.  The zoom level being alterable on the fly is amazing, and it's actually useable zoom compared to what you'll find in a lot of variable zoom games.Sound and music are more suiting ambience for a factory theme.  There are touch pieces of music that will mostly stay in the background and not irritate you.  That's pretty much what you want from this type of game anyway.  Most of the buildings have appropriate sound effects which is a nice touch.  Accumulator's buzz while charging, assembly machines have pleasing 'Ka-thunk's to them, and so on.Obviously the meat of the game is in it's gameplay, and how wonderful it is.  It's a game of constantly expanding scale.  As you go on you get faster and more efficient at doing more and greater things, but you need to keep two steps ahead if you want those greater things not to crumble before your eyes.  Your resources don't last forever, you need to expand, expanding takes resources.  You need to be reaching out before it's too late.  There are always easy ways to transport goods huge distances, but the more expansions you make the less attention you can give to each.  You need to plan them to fend for themselves, because you'll have other things to deal with.  Five million other things, and if you solve one, three more things will appear.You have a vast, infinite and expansive world to build your factory, but somehow you'll always be faced with difficulties trying to find space.  You need to connect resource A to Factory B, but Factory C's connection to Resource Y is in the way, and there's pipes from Resource K where you want your line to go.  If you don't want your factory looking like a spaghetti nightmare, you need to keep organized and manage your space well.  New resources and available goods will always add new difficulties in trying to hook everything up.The enemies live on the frontier, making you think twice about expansion.  The game tempts you to sit on that iron until it's gone, but this is folly.  You'll learn where and when to expand, how to do it, and how to deal with the enemies you face.  The more you pollute, the stronger and more numerous your enemy, and the sooner they will be upon your doorstep.  The existence of hostiles makes tension from an infinite land, you try to remain tight as possible to reduce your footprint creeping up to the enemy bases, a delicate balance of clunking machines.  It's actually kind of brilliant.The enclosed campaign mode is quite short, but it eases you in most of the game.  I hope that this section will be expanded before early access is over.  The last campaign mission ends with you having only maybe half of the tech-tree unlocked.  The later stuff definitely could use scenarios too, because the later stuff is game changing and can be a headache in itself.  This is where things can fall apart, as the game does not always give you all the information that you need to advance.  While it's in early access, expect to look to wikis, forums, videos and the like to get the basics down.  Once you UNDERSTAND everything that's available to you (which is quite a feat in itself), you'll start making better decisions, better factories.If you like building games, If you like sandbox games, if you like sim games, don't hesitate.  Get this.  You'll love it.If you like games that make you use your brain, definitely, there's enough teasing and conveyor belt puzzles in here for days.It's an amazing enough game to convince me to write my first Steam Review, and I know there may be thousands of others saying good things, but I felt it important enough.  We need games like this, we need MORE games like this.  There are things that could be more fleshed out, but this is an absolute 100% recommend from me."
76561198078478857,Recommended,427520,21654972,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Targoth,"well here is the breakdown1. spawn on a fresh map... tons of resources available to me2. start setting up base3. got a few visits from the friendly locals... (pumping lead into their shells lol ! )4. expanding and remodeling the base5. needing more resources but none in general vacinity... ok, set up outposts and transfer everything i need back to main base with the use of multiple trains6. Bots minions to do all the leg works from point A to point B... FANTASTIC !!!7. locals getting very angry with me and evolving ... taking out some of my valuable outposts... time for retaliation !!!8. lazer turrets are your best friend !9. pushed back bugs far enought so they dont delay my Rocket silo production10. have a last look around at all the work i've done to get to the last precious point in the game11. probably the most satisfying moment of the whole game... placing the satelite on the Rocket and launch it into space !!!Now... i have spent alot of time on a lot of games... and with the whole tedious resource gathering in this one... It was so worth it !!!Loved every second of Factorio, you would never think it right off the hop at first glance, but there is way more into this game then you think.  so much designing, researching, bug extermination. the biggest thing i find that really sparks it all up. there is a definit sence of responsibility. The bugs are very unforgiving and will try every way to kill you... and once you die, its game over. No respawns if you die. 1 Life, 1 missions. survive so you can get off the damn planet !for sure 10/10 ... wish there were more games like this one****( there is one thing i was thinking thou... would be absolutly awesome if there was at a point in the game where an alien race lands on the planet aswell and builds a giant base just like you... and fights the bugs aswell ... but is also working against you mining the resources... Now THAT would be awesome and so much more challenging )***"
,Recommended,427520,21725007,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Generic Blonde Loli,"This game tickles those nostalgia strings about old 2D Management games. The main goal is to expand your factory infinitely to launch a rocket into space (or just build 'till your computer explodes) in an infinitely generated world while fighting monsters and creatures (peaceful mode exists). If you were to ask me, the biggest monster to fight is tending to your ever growing factory. Why? Well creature combat is as easy as pressing the Space bar (Literally xD) and factory management will test your exponential planning skills since leaving things unattended will cause things to clog and be unefficient at producing materials. That is where this game shines, it integrated its building mechanic into its strategy mechanic, with little to no confusion on how to use anything or how to use the tech tree. When I first started this game, I had no idea what to do, but with a few hours in, everything just fell into place like icing on the cake. This game is a game that puts you in the hotseat, makes you do a job, in which you enjoy doing, and you actually learn something from it to use on the next part of what you'll create. Learning on the job is fun in its own right but even I can say that I've had inefficient builds, clogged up conveyor belts, and have monsters ravage me and my base. Did that stop me from playing even if it takes time and dedication to get yourself drowning in materials? Nope. this game is too highly addicting and mezmerizing in its own right, it made me want to improve and learn more, like a good strategy game, failure comes with its own reward, knowledge and experience.Overall, this game will forever remain on my favorite games list in my library, even with the ever growing gaming industry I find myself coming back to the good 'ol 2d factory builder (It shows only around 2 hours of gameplay as I write this review since I play offline most of the time). This means a lot, not just to me, but to what games are today, Not about the fancy graphics, but the gameplay itself. I even bought the Soundtrack DLC as well, not just to show my gratitude, but because the music added the right atmosphere to the game, the feeling of being alone, no companions or pets but just you and your trusty brain to build to the 2d horizon.Early Access? For 4 Years? Talk about dedication for a game that'll make my history books. Keep up the work Devs. You have my support (virtual pat on the back) all the way."
76561198118247819,Recommended,427520,23553451,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Groundwalker,"TL;DR - this game has 98% positive reviews for a reason, ITS DAMN GOOD. Buy this game if you like this genre.-PLAY THE DEMO.Thats only 10% of the game.(If you like the demo instantly buy it, has hundreds of hours of game time)-Still in alpha (and updating) BUT its basically a fully finished game, I'd say it has 85-95% of features finished-IT EVEN HAS MULTIPLAYER-Devs are CONSTATLY updating10/10 One of the few proper ""makes you lose sleep"" games"
,Recommended,427520,22183995,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,finsky,buys gameplays gamenever sees light againonly sees conveyor beltsriperino in factorino
,Recommended,427520,21843955,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Varaosa,"ENG:WOW, I love this a game!One of the best Indie a game in this year for sure! I love to buy &could even buy this game again!One of the best a game what i was buy in this year!10/10FIN:WOW, Rakastan tätä peliä!Yksi vuoden parhaista indie peli julkaisuista tänä vuonna ihan varmasti!Voisin vaikka ostaa tämän peli uudestaan!Yksi parhaista peleistä jonka olen ostanut tänä vuonna!10/10"
76561198083652907,Recommended,427520,33214869,Posted: 3 July,all,Darstro,Cable Management Simulator 201610/10Would untie and tie again.
76561198202464161,Recommended,427520,21721938,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BurningPrograde,48 hours in 5 days.   I believe that tells it own story.  This is a fantstic game.
,Recommended,427520,24563383,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,The Great War | hellcase.com,"Factorio is one of my favorite games in my library. Campaign is an option but I'd prefer the free mode type thing. I have a few suggestions for the developer though,-Add Boats they'd be great for getting over water-Make different objectives rather then just launch a rocket into space-More resources-Different mining options rather then the two drills and by handAs far as everything else, I'm fine with it. It's a great game totally worth the $20. I make youtube videos on me trying to beat it if you'd like to see me progress. My channel is RpMxLemon crs if your that intrested. I post every two days for now."
,Recommended,427520,21942455,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Musa.Joker,"I'm in love with this game.Even though this is an early access game, theONLYbug i found was the game sometimes (maybe every half hour) freezes for 3 seconds and it continues. Or it doesn't do that entirely. That's it.[the bug doesn't happen after a while] Now i cannot really explain what you can do in this game, because im in the early stages myself but the main goal is to make a rocket silo and launch a satellite into orbit. On the way, you will make many remarkable contraptions that you will be proud of.I really can't find a way to describe this game so go check out some other reviews. I just felt like i had to share this game's beauty with the people in my steam friends list. This game has 99% positive reviews, too. I guess that should explain what other people think of this game.Now if you will excuse me, i will go back to making the Great Wall of Musa. Those damn aliens better stay away from my factory.PS Note:The kind of freeze im talking about is not the autosave. When the autosave happens it happens pretty quickly and it even notifies me of it.The kind of freeze im talking about is my character is unable to move and im also unable to open the steam overlay. A few seconds later the game kind of ""fast forwards"" to the point the time was supposed to be. And also if i pressed or did anything during the freeze i do those things while the game ""fast forwards"""
,Recommended,427520,21866125,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,QuantumFauxtonZ,"Everyone just buy this game, now. If you enjoy automation and min-maxing then this game is heaven. Could not ask for a better game. So much content for Early Access on top of it. If this game is not good then Santa is not real.spoilers"
76561197962259381,Recommended,427520,21980381,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Clean Gun,"Do you like building a base, and defending it while collecting resources? Then get this game, because this is the best base building game there had been in a long while, if not ever!It's called Factorio because it's based on the idea of building a factory, but like many RTS games, you have to obtain and manage resources - building one thing that leads to another, and then another, while defending yourself on an alien world.But it's the way that you go about this that is so compelling about this game, and that's where the factory bit comes in. And basically you are building a factory, a factory where you have to intrically manage the distribution of every resource you collect, there is nothing abstract, you see it all, on conveyerbelts, in storage boxes, in your production machines, or in your personal storage. It is, therefore, a clear, closed logical system, which you have to manage, and where you can see and manipulate every single element.This is the games strength. More than any other game I have played, it satisfies the itch to manage a logistical system, and make it as efficient and beautiful as you possibly can. Add to that the fact that you have to defend this againt hostile creatures, and integrate a system to do this into your base, and you have a very satisfying and addictive game.The game includes:* Tech tree - you have to make the resources for research* Walls, turrets and gates* A railroad system for getting resources from outposts, including signals and schedules! You can get in the trains!!* Total control over the layout of a massive system of conveyorbelts* Automated systems of stock control and resource distribution* Direct fuel, electricity, and solar power* Combat, featuring self-powered armour and portable shield and lasers* There's even a logic circuit system in the game that you can use to do pretty much anything* So much more it would take pages to describeThere is no better game for designing a system of bases to manage resources and achieve goals while integrating a defense system, not that I know of anyway, and I have played most of them. If you like RTS or resource management games at all, this one is a no brainer. It's got the highest ever Steam rating for a reason - it's that good!Oh and the fact that it's in Alpha is a red herring, there is more to enjoy here than most completed games (absolutely no exaggeration), and I have never had a crash or seen a bug once.Buy it!"
76561198043704073,Recommended,427520,21633775,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dick Sledge,"This game is a drug. It starts with you mining by hand. First some stone, then coal, copper and finally iron. then you can build a burner mining drill and a stone furnace, Then you think ""hey i can make those automated by adding some inserters in the right places"" but now you need a steam engine to get things really working.Then you remember your surroundings, your mind turns off auto drive and turns back to manual. You find yourself looking down upon an automated machine the size of a province and at first you wonder how someone could make such a thing.And then it hits you, every detail, every movement. You know what each inch of your assembly line is for. You know which assembling machines produce iron gear wheels and you know exactly how long the conveyor belt is before they are turned into inserters. This is your work, your mind, every single piece of it.You will be ashamed with how much time you spent on this.You will be disgusted with how much time you spent on this.You will consider how much of your life you are missing because of this.You will realize that if you rearanged your conveyor belts you could produce your green sience 15% faster.Kiss the next week of your life goodbye.10/10 JUST INJECT IT INTO MY VEINS!"
,Recommended,427520,21674837,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MudBu3,You will see conveyer belts and pivoting robotic arms everytime you close your eyes after playing this.
,Recommended,427520,26843275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ł@ŭяєη$,Still in early access but already a great game that provides many hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,427520,27169986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,knah,"An incredibly solid early access game.Don't get me started on time sinking qualities of the game. I've spent some time on it on steam, but I played it even more off steam, using various preview builds and drm-free versions for modding.The base game itself is fairly well-made and entertaining, and once you get sick of it, you can just get a couple of mods, and keep playing with new shiny toys.The performance is extremely good - it runs fairly well on my crappy laptop, multiplayer works well over slow wifi even on larger maps, and there is a high resolution texture pack in the works for one of the future updates.The devs provide excellent communication, updates keep coming in."
76561198159596218,Recommended,427520,32130793,Posted: 2 June,all,supahfly®,Machine automation erotica
76561197970845141,Recommended,427520,21488155,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Vikings,Amazing game.  This is well worth the asking price.  These devs are well worth supporting.  This game is well thought out and leaves you wanting more.  I have quite a few hours logged already prior to this purchase and you can just watch my hours go up and up on my Steam version now.  Great games are ALWAYS worth supporting.
,Recommended,427520,21724179,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Skymea,I can't sleep anymore. It's one of the best games.
76561198021884120,Recommended,427520,21595723,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AdamW,The only game i've ever had to uninstall out of concern it would actually ruin my life. 100000/10
76561198081042820,Recommended,427520,21598265,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,NETHER SKY,I did not know I had OCD until I started to play this game.
76561198060100285,Recommended,427520,21827225,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,creeper_butler,I think this is a great game for thinking outside the box and can be used as a puzzle game but as the advantage of that you are not limited by the levels of the normal puzzle games.
,Recommended,427520,22228743,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jamalaman,"Keeps me up at night,thinking about improvements to my factory, and hearing the sounds of machines constantly.10/10 Would lose sleep again."
76561197962171007,Recommended,427520,21475334,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Rastapopoulos,Played the pre-steam Factorio and lost all track of time. Now im afraid i'll never get back on it
,Recommended,427520,27754880,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daenou,"Even though this game is early access, you can sink hundrets of hours into it. Great developers, a great community; complex, but very interesting game mechanics; mod support for a lot of extra quality content.. You won't regret these 20$."
,Recommended,427520,24903193,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ariades,"In the moment of writing, I have 83 hours logged on Factorio.Usually, I'll get tired of a game pretty quickly, or I'll just play for a few hours at a time.None the less, this was my Saturday night:1900: All right, it's 7 in the evening. I'll go play some Factorio.2100: Man, I love this game. I'll go to bed soon. Just have to optimize these transport belts.2300: Oh, right, I was going to go to bed. Hm, I'll just fix this electricity shortage first.0100: Pretty sure I was supposed to do something now... Oh well, better crush some aliens with my tank.0300: Hot damn, those aliens are getting pretty angry. Better put up a proper perimeter defence. And then go sleep.0500: Okay, right, right, I've finally got some clever designs. Better redesign my entire factory. WAIT, WHAT TIME IS IT?0630: WHAT DO YOU MEAN IT'S 0630 IN THE MORNING? BUT IT'S STILL DAR... No, okay, apparently it's light outside.0640: Okay, okay, okay, I'll just write a Steam review for Factorio. Then go sleep. Yeah. Sleep. And dream. Of Factorio.Somebody once asked if androids dream of electric sheep. I can assure you that Factorio players dream of factory optimization.11/10 will need professional help again."
,Recommended,427520,25727968,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DouxIsDead,"Amazing game,Hours will be sunk into this game. So much to do, and theres so much thinking that goes into it. I've learned and have been taught from this game.TLDR: Get it."
,Recommended,427520,25596984,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,тuba,yes
76561198069014752,Recommended,427520,32094220,Posted: 31 May,all,Draessi,"Absolutely recommend this game if:1) You feel proud after building something remotely complicated2) You aesthetically enjoy symmetry and such3) You like to challenge your brain4) You've played more challenging modded minecraft (DireWolf, Agrarian Skies, etc.)After you finish the game normally, I recommend using mods (All of Bob's Mods, Resources Overhaul, etc.) found on factorio's mod page.I played this game with a friend, and I'm not sure If I would have enjoyed it as much as I did without them.Definitely recommend playing with at least one other person."
76561198013536103,Recommended,427520,24166874,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,elf_man,"I am hesitent to spend $ on early access.  Abadonware does not interest me at all.  Factorio already has enough content to be considered a full game, AND fills the optimization/building niche MUCH better than many other games I have played."
,Recommended,427520,21551390,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Triple_T,"Pros:- Extremely satisfying gameplay- Building a factory from the ground up using automation and trying to find new ways to exploit your own system is euphoric- Tons of interesting combinations of machines to give you a beautiful work of art that continues to evolve as you play- Combat is gratifying and straight-forward - evolves in difficulty over time and also quite satisfying - adding the icing on the factory-building cake- Play with tons friends in multiplayer (apparently the deelopers have plans for 65k player games?), working together is both fun, rewarding and almost entirely crucial as your factory can get quite large - most crafting games almost encourage you to compete and work against each other for land and resources but for some reason Factorio does it just right- Game never ceases to satisfy - I'm only writing this review because I can't physically play it right now :(- Modding support- Smooth, seemingly bug-free gameplayCons:- What cons?Factorio is perfect.  I don't usually say this but this game hits every note perfectly.  It's innovative, deep, rewarding, action-packed and yet at the end of the day it's incredibly satisfying.  Fans of games like minecraft (particularly with mods like Tekkit) will pour their lifespan into this game easily.  It's sometimes difficult to sleep because all you can think about is how you're going to optimize your factory and make it somehow more ridiculously awesome!If you're on the fence with this game, stop thinking about it and buy this game already! Seriously what are you waiting for? Stop reading this and go!"
76561198041244094,Recommended,427520,21546085,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Azrith,"Oh man, this game is good. I guess it's sort of like a city builder, but the whole goal is to automate production of stuff. To build something really cool, you first need to build the components. To build those components, you have to build the sub components. To build those sub components, you need the materials. To forge those materials, you need to mind the raw ones and get them to the forges. Everything is connected and circular.It starts off pretty simple and gets very detailed.Play the campaign tutorial first. It will get you started."
,Recommended,427520,27577179,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Svarr Chanston!,"This is a game you can really lose track of time on, not because you're grinding for levels or anything but because of pure creative fun and many possible playstyles, If you're a technical thinker this is the game for you."
76561198215786952,Recommended,427520,23698320,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,tdjames101,"This game is absolutely amazing! You start the game by mining into some coal, powering up a drill, and the complexity grows from there (the game gets VERY VERY VERY complex and crazy), you start automation, trains, military weapons and turrets, and work your way to launching a rocket to space. This game will HURT YOUR BRAIN as you sit and try to figure out how to automate this, route that to fit this, arrange this to be on the other side of the belt, get this to that, while staying near the resources that you need.The game is limitless, with good combat (controls take some getting used to), an everexpanding area to work, and hours of fun on single and multiplayer"
76561198013978438,Recommended,427520,25825941,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Fawar,"This game is a worthy replacement of Minecraft FTB, so much fun and performance a great.Worth every penny"
76561198004311371,Recommended,427520,32927951,Posted: 28 June,all,GD119,"Factorio... One of the best game i ever played in is genre.I Played more then 3200 hours on Minecraft with all kind of mods in fact i probably did 80% off all known mods.If you played Buildcraft, industrial craft, redpower 2 and like doing pipe linked to each other and doing mass construction for mass production and always need more and more, well this game is for you. It's in fact like you removed the mods and make a game with it, well you got factorio.Beware this isn't Minecraft, it's not a ""3d world voxel"" but more like a ""2d open world"" style with beautiful 3d texture and effect + a well design world.It seem like lot of people complain about enemies, guess what there's an option to make them peaceful, but personally i like it, the more you product the more you pollute if don't pay attention, then more enemies gonna attack you for destroying their world and they gonna evolve the more you pollute either.Their's even more for you when you finish the game, cause their's mods support, search bob's mods factorio and you'll see you are far far away of finishing the game :pThe only thing would like to see is maybe a market system wich you can trade or sell even buying stuff. I get my inspiration from ""Off world trading company"" game and buckit from minecraft with economy add on it.All in all the dev are going such a good work since the start and put update every friday what can you ask more?!"
,Recommended,427520,21468752,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,"I'll likely update this review with more information as I dive further into the game, but as it stands, Factorio feels a whole lot like a really in-depth mod for Minecraft, but top-down. It's kind of like your standard survival-crafting style game that's so popular at the moment, but instead of base building being your priority, automation is.You start from the bottom with absolutely no form of automation, and your goal is to gather resources manually, so you can eventually build an elaborate series of machines including auto-miners, conveyors, chests, electrical wiring, electricity generators, etc... To gather your standard resources as efficiently as possible. On top of all that, you have to also build up your defenses, including weapons and armor for yourself, and automated turrets for the portions of your factory that you're not currently at, in order to defend from randomly appearing waves of enemies that vary in difficulty.Better yet, the game isn't even remotely difficult to get a grasp of. The single-player campaign is basically a series of easy-to-understand tutorials, and whenever you feel you understand enough of the game, you can quickly start up a fully customizable sandbox-style game.The community for this game has existed for quite some time prior to its release on Steam today, so there's plenty of massive mods you can download and mess around with whenever you're finished with the 100s of hours worth of content the vanilla game promises to offer up."
,Recommended,427520,34619590,Posted: 30 August,all,The Degenerate,"If you enjoy problem solving, base-building, resource management, and survival-type games, you will fall in absolute love with Factorio.This game has eaten away a lot of time from the stress of real life because I can just toss myself into this virtual world to harvest more resources, expand my base/factory, and solve all sorts of problems that genuinely feel rewarding.No loot boxes, no level progression. Just you, in an infinte world with evolving eneimes with a single goal that is so far off you can't see it until you start researching the VERY last of your tech.In my current hours played, I have yet to beat Factorio because I literally either keep restarting out of ""A NEW IDEA!"" or because I want to experiment with a new factory idea. I learn something new every run and it makes my next one all the better.This game is easily worth the $20.00 and is beyond optimized and one of the best examples of early access. If you like what you saw in the trailers and what you read here, pick it up and join the world of Factorio.TL;DR: Eco-terrorism Simulator 201610/10"
,Recommended,427520,21633343,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Voodoo,"The game that broke my ""No Early Access, No Indie"" purchases.Its that good, holy hell is it that good. Factorio is an amazing mix of critical thinking, logistics, and pure entertainment. Simple, but beautiful graphics. Looking at your entire over all production and feeling damn good you've gotten to that point and yet, constantly want to improve it. Shave a few seconds off the delivery, double production, work on defending a critical area.A game that broke a year of no ea, no indie games. It was completely worth it. The biggest point I have to give it through is how INSANELY optimized it is.Truly an amazing game worth $20."
76561197993869948,Recommended,427520,21671129,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Superscope,"Mass production.Sweet, sweet automated mass production.Building a massive system that builds things for you has never been so fun."
,Recommended,427520,21705235,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Lucius Greystone,This is an insidiously addictive game that will make you question the need to go outside ever again.
76561197982848969,Recommended,427520,33371047,Posted: 8 July,all,finisterra,"This is the best game I have played about factory and production. Simple and beauty, with nontrivial problems and interesting solutions."
,Recommended,427520,22147945,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bansh,"I first looked at this game a while ago, one trailer and a few screenshots. ""What the hell is this crap?"" I thought. A while later I saw there was a demo, includes the first 3 scenario levels that give you an idea of what the game is about. I was sold instantly after finishing that.Try the demo, in itself a rarity amongst Early Access games. Even better? The demo is actually representative of the actual game.If I had one complaint it would be that after the tutorial scenarios are over, you get thrown in to the main freeplay mode of the game that opens up tons of items and machines you have never seen, nor much, if any explanation of what they do. Thankfully some very helpful people have created very useful guides for Factorio.While I lose many many hours of my life to this game, I'm reminded of Towns. Not Towns as the burning, radioactive train wreck it is now, but Towns a few years back, where the Devs still gave a damn, had the basics of an amazing game with almost unlimited potential. Factorio tickles the same part of my brain that Towns did except instead you use conveyor belts and automated drones instead of civillians and you place buildings down to create production complexes rather than bricks to make a building."
,Recommended,427520,22209403,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bobert™,Fantastic game... So fun.
,Recommended,427520,22153194,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BtaylorTheRogue,"This game has been sucking the hours out of my week.  It's a blast.  If you're into KSP or Minecraft, or if you enjoy things like Sim City, Prison Sim, etc, please grab the demo or just buy it."
76561198047400259,Recommended,427520,22153446,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Teory,"DO not buy this game if you have something to do the day you buy it... You will find yourself making difficult decisions on rescheduling whatever has to be done, or cutting it short to get back to playing.I'm suprised I could unglue myself long enough to write this review."
76561198089170341,Recommended,427520,22137173,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Paul,Even when things go horribly wrong this game is a delight.
,Recommended,427520,22136996,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Raw_key,"This is by far one of my favorite games. It is a fairly simple to play game with mechanics that allowthe experienced player take it to the next level of complex. I'm extremely excited to see where this game goes, especially since the developers continue to push out updates along with weekly postsregarding not only the game but the staff behind the game. Good Job. I would easily pay double what this game is currently marketed for."
,Recommended,427520,33162278,Posted: 2 July,all,『Uχǿzi』™,"That amazing feel when you have put all your love, work and dedication into machines that produce resssources to make even more ressources and you see everything being automated and working for you and becoming bigger and bigger. I just LOVE these type of games. Even though 20 Euro is a bit much, i have 0 regrets of buying it. It's one of the best rated games on steam, and for good reasons. Just buy the game and if you don't like it (you probably will) then just refund. If you want to get more info about the game, gameplay, mechanics,.. Don't watch let's plays episodes that are far ahead into the late game, because you won't understand what's going on. That's what demotivated me from buying it, you need to see step by step how is everything working from the beginning. But the best option to try the game is obviously by playing the demo, when I first tried it, it was love at first sight. Even if there wasn't much content in the demo. But when i bought the game and saw all the crafts and items available that weren't in the demo, I had just too much fun. When you finish a machine or understand something new, you feel like a god of automatisation. I could talk too about the aliens and the different types of weapons and tools but that review is already too long. Thank you for reading and excuse me for my not perfect English. Oh and by the way ignore my playtime on steam which is innacurate. I have played lots of hours offline and on the non-steam version. That's all, thanks a lot.This review was written at 3AM, if you see grammatical errors or anything, don't blame me, blame my brain which is OFF at night."
,Recommended,427520,24905446,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Sqummanator,10/10 would spend 18 hours straight building copper lines only to get hit by a train
,Recommended,427520,21524849,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Haruna,2D Minecraft with automatic production line and mining equipments mod10/10 better than Minecraft玩到最后都不知道是游戏本身程序的bug还是我自己搞出来的bug制作组的细心程度高得无法想象，所有细节基本上都是尽善尽美，尤其是蒸汽机的动画够看一年。联网虽然比较麻烦，但是我和我哥们试了一次直接成功，只是port forwarding需要一些技术门槛。话说我发现我有个特殊技能，就是每当复习考试的时候就会在Steam上发掘出好游戏
,Recommended,427520,21759147,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Zed,"The end all be all management game. Seriously, this game will suck up all of your free time if you let it. The vanilla experience is amazing, and once you start adding mods, the complexity can ramp up as much as anyone could desire. Great game, 10/10, would bang over and over and over."
,Recommended,427520,22397058,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Matlok,"I made the mistake of buying Factorio Sunday evening. As of now, I clocked 39 hours (it is Wednesday). This game is like heroin: do not buy if you have to learn or write a seminar paper!10/10, would skip writing master's thesis againI really should take a shower."
,Recommended,427520,24383360,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,HiddenWenis,I have seen the face of madness and its flesh is made of conveyor belts.
,Recommended,427520,21606830,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,EnchStyle,"Your girlfriend complains you are not romantic? This game is for you. Only with this game you will be able to send her a lovely photo of sunrise at 4 am (sorry, works in summer only), or a ""good morning"" text masage (all year round)."
76561198013602176,Recommended,427520,26587990,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,boecht,It's okay for a few hours of fun.
,Recommended,427520,22638223,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sectoid,"One of my favourite games ever. Picked this up 4 days ago as of writing this and already have 30 hours.One of the most addicting, original and interesting games that I have ever seen.Would absolutely recommend this to anyone who likes a slow-paced industrial game, with plenty of alien invasions to keep you on your toes."
76561198080232220,Recommended,427520,22278946,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ｓｔｒｏｄｕｓ 憂欝,Get this if you enjoy thinking that you've played the game for 5 mins when it actually has been 7 hours
,Recommended,427520,21994007,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BlacKcuD,"Prepare to wreck your real life.Pros:* addicting gameplay.* thought through game mechanics.* excellent code base, which allows for...* ...huge amount of community mods already there.* ...seamless switching between singleplayer and multiplayer.* ...even the crazy largest bases cause no lags at all.* ...cross platform multiplayer.* offline play available. no always-online or registration crap.* regular development updates and blogs.* no bugs and lots of content despite being early access.Cons:* combat is a bit boring* forget the campaign. the focus here is on freeplay. if you are looking for story, you are mistaken.* once you've completed the late-game objectives, there is nothing left to do apart from mods and speed runningI never recommend pre-ordering stuff or early access games, but this is an exception."
76561198060478194,Recommended,427520,23914266,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,~Darkone,10/10
,Recommended,427520,22094338,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Gravage,"First time I'm writing a review, and it's amazing I can tear myself away from the game long enough to write it. Absolutely addicting! Amazing game, you never feel like you're quite finished, but still at any point you've got something you're proud of. Excellent dopamine producer :)"
76561198161171632,Recommended,427520,21983942,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TsarFace,"A constant, ever changing, 'base building' epic. So long as you aren't a self confessed 'meat head', you have even the faintest of interests in problem solving, and long for a game to continuously engage your brain, then you will see what 99% of all Steam reviewers have seen already.Bought it, 2 days later bought 3 copies for others. They'd never played it, yet I'd never been more confident that a gift would be so well received.A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,427520,21840753,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Spagett,"As Saruman the White once said, ""Together, my lord Sauron, we shall rule this Middle-earth. The old world will burn in the fires of industry. Forests will fall. A new order will rise. We will drive the machine of war with the sword and the spear and the iron fist of the orc. "" This game is all about industry, making machines work for you in perfect unison and it creates an addicting sensation. Once you pick this game up and learn the ropes, it is a blast. If you are thinking about purchasing this, do it, worth every cent."
,Recommended,427520,23742538,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,thehoove,"I'd watch out; this game is a complete time suck. It's rare that a game holds me for as long as Factorio did.You'll have fits figuring out assembly lines, pipes, biters, etc -- but you'll have a blast doing so. The sense of achievement you get when you launch it is unrivalled.Highly recommended game."
,Recommended,427520,21577642,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,couchqq,gg
,Recommended,427520,22422432,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Higar von Peonik,"Dear everyone,Please, help me. My factory (my ... 5th one ? I can't remember) is working amzingly. But I'm starting to consider buying an ostomy bag and a year worth of frozen food to enhance my availability for my factory ...If you want to feel what ""sleep deprivation"" truly means, join us.20/10"
,Recommended,427520,26935272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Princess Denni~,Most addictive game on steam.
76561198032193049,Recommended,427520,33167680,Posted: 2 July,all,Aeschylus,Probably the most interesting and captivating game that I've played.
76561198014927534,Recommended,427520,32930372,Posted: 28 June,all,Falchion,Great game.
,Recommended,427520,21802480,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hightechfool,"How'd they make something so complicated so simple?  When you look at the trailer for this game, it seems impossible.. but you'll be building machines like that in no time!  Throw in some aliens to shoot at and this game has infinite replayability.  Highly recommended"
,Recommended,427520,21733908,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Twisternick,"This game takes '""I'll go to bed in another hour"" multiple times' to the next level."
,Recommended,427520,21546462,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Synthe,This is one of those beautiful games that manages to be incredibly simple and yet so painfully complex at the same time.
,Recommended,427520,32868416,Posted: 27 June,all,Skuldran,I like trains alot.
76561198119494337,Recommended,427520,24969904,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,cwrwan,"this is a thoroughly amazing game. its all about automating production of different things and building a massive factory. the art style is one of the most astheticaly pleasing ones ive seen in a while and looks to be inspired by fallout 1&2. great value for money, would definetily recommend."
76561198072349623,Recommended,427520,30403709,Posted: 8 March,all,Toxie,"I'm just shy of 40 hours at making this review and I already know this is just the beggining of a beautiful relationship. I think that the fact that this is my first review of a game in all my years on steam should speak for itself. I would want everyone to own this game, that is if your up to learn how an entire new world works.Playing this game is like learning a new skill. You can brute force through only so far before you realise you need to learn how the game really works. Then you make a new factory and realise you have to try again... and again. finally, after many attempts, you have gotten through the mid game and now have to figure out how to launch a rocket. Then you realise you are not producing nearly enough, but you are so close, so you struggle through to the end game. But when that suker is launched into space, you know it was worth every second. But... Then you start a new game and you want, no have, no NEED to do it faster. Then FASTER! Till your mind is numb and you can't sleep for weeks. But, boy does it feel good to see your creations grow and work in automated harmony.I dont like giving number scores, but this is definitely a favorite of mine."
76561198268634921,Recommended,427520,22391028,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Jake the Hawkeye,">buy game>play 11 hours straight>phone is 2 feet in front of my face>don't notice gf texted for two hours>forget to eat all day>forget laundry in apt complex room for five hours>don't even put a video on 2nd screen like normal all session>first session ends because automatic updates i didn't notice10/10, would shirk all responsibilities again"
,Recommended,427520,21494407,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LbISS,"Really amazing game, reminds me old TTD, when you struggle with complex logistic problems, but now with fancy graphic, atmospheric sound and with more various mechanisms."
,Recommended,427520,21536432,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Murk,Remember when you first played Minecraft years ago and you had that feeling of wonder and discovery that you haven't had before and never had anything to match it since?This is what you're looking for.
,Recommended,427520,25021212,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Schoolboy,Alpha??? This feels complete! Tho I wouldn't ague about more stuff added to the game :) Worth every penny having so much fun playing this game.
,Recommended,427520,22027099,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Simplyuri,"I normally enjoy games with a staggering amount of depth but I was still taken aback by this game. The thing that gets me is that it is extremely accessible but yet still retains such a massive amount of functions and gameplay quirks. Everything functions and it's simple enough to where it's not overwhelming with only a handful of natural resources but the amount of creativity you can put into this is insane. The game is about efficiency and hence the game's mechanics are just that as well. Starting from old fashioned drills burning hydrocarbons manually and digging up ores by hand to eventually creating vapor power cycle monstrosities that belch out smoke and exhaust in synchronization to the belts feeding coal down the line to where robotic arms grab and place into the boilers which then funnels water to the steam turbines to generate electricity to then feed your new electric mines in an ongoing effort to automate everything, and I mean everything. Planning it all out and seeing it all work is a real joy, having to look around and fix mistakes and to really think about how to optimize the entire setup. But there are also bugs to deal with. It's an ugly planet, it's a bug planet. I am really happy that the development team is very on top of this game and constantly adding new features and mechanics as I think this could be something very very special. It's everything I always wanted out of a late 90's RTS ala Command and Conquer Tiberian Sun mixed with the open world building of Minecraft, but it does the latter extremely well.Overall, a fantastic time sink with a huge array of researchables and building potential."
76561197999482159,Recommended,427520,26718112,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,is319917,Probably the best $20 I have ever spent on Steam.
76561198065585409,Recommended,427520,31618503,Posted: 7 May,all,Oi,This game is actually such a great game i normally dont do reviews on games because i cant really be bothered to write it. But this game is actually just so fun and I have been playing it nonstop since i got it a few days ago its just very well made and pretty easy to understand and is just a great game that was nice and cheap too.
76561198170307409,Recommended,427520,31692550,Posted: 11 May,all,supineant562693,This game at first glace looks like its complicated but once you get started everything will just flow. If you look at this game and think you wont be able to understand it or it looks to hard; dont be intimidated. I would highly recommend as I at the moment have 223 hours in the game with more to come!
,Recommended,427520,31781764,Posted: 15 May,all,Viniquio,"This is the game that I finally felt in love with, one of the best games i've ever played, 100% recommendation."
,Recommended,427520,23010905,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,SirCryo,"This game is a great game for anyone that want's to paly around with different types of machienes and builings. I've palyed it for around 35 hours and it's still a fun, but time consumming game. I recommend it to everyone how loves tech and complicated machines!!"
76561197966803528,Recommended,427520,34057847,Posted: 6 August,all,FourWindBadger,"i love this game! its soo amazing, it have everything i want in a game!You really need to plan ahead, and think about what you are doing (properly why i suck at it haha! ) if i could give it stars from 1 to 10 i would give it 10! Really good!"
,Recommended,427520,28811584,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,9 year old,"I love this game myself, however, it isn't for everyone. Before you purchase, try the demo and see if you like it."
,Recommended,427520,27428484,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SandScorpion,It's the best production and logistics game out there.Try the demo and be surprised by this gem!
76561198077301318,Recommended,427520,33554894,Posted: 15 July,all,Makita ◢◤,"Factorio is really fun to play, one thing that triggers me, is when I build a big empire, then some little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster comes and start breaking all my stuff! And then I build an even bigger Empire with guns :)"
76561198361273325,Recommended,427520,31334220,Posted: 23 April,all,KezzaTheHappyGamer,I love this game personally. its addicting! There is a lot to learn to get good and it has an infinite map to let you get really creative with your assembly lines. I like how you can change the difficulty before generating a map and every map is different. It brings a new experience every time you play!
,Recommended,427520,31530059,Posted: 3 May,all,Krystianosik,My head hurts :v but I can't stop
,Recommended,427520,34574020,Posted: 29 August,all,glitchdx,"I usually avoid early access games like the plague. However, with this being my second most played game on steam, right behind Warframe and just ahead of Civ5, I don't think I need to specify how much I like this game.This game is very much for the lazy man. You make things to make things to do things for you. Automation is the point of the game, and the challenge is setting up your factory in such a way that it can do everything you need it to with you doing as little as possible to keep it going.Setting up your factory is one big math and logic puzzle. You have to figure out how the parts fit together, and what's the best way to do so.I can't stand playing Minecraft (or any survival sandbox game for that matter) solo anymore because of this game. Gathering resources is a waste of time that is better allocated to machines.Also, the dev team is extremely active. They push updates frequently. They post on the dev blog every friday to inform the community about future stuff. They even interact with the community on the factorio subreddit. These guys care about making a good game.At the time of writing, I'm 425 hours in. I just installed Bob's mods and Angel's mods which together make the game 100,000,000,000x more complicated and I'm loving it.It's not for everyone though. If you played any significant amount of Minecraft and never made a wheat auto-harvester, you probably won't have a good time with Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,35173676,Posted: 24 September,all,Cog117,"Absolute masterpiece.Pros:+The best logical puzzle game I have played+You create your own challenges and goals at your own pace (sandbox, but not too open to start off like many others)+You can change map settings to suite your own playstyle however you want (basic sandbox settings, I know, but still very useful)+Very easy to get into+Extremely addictiveCons:-You will be thinking about this game all the time-If you thought Civ V made you lose track of time..."
,Recommended,427520,22116957,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BadSniper,"This game is seriously incredible. Must play for anyone who enjoys challenging puzzle/logistic games, rts style or games that make you think! Try the demo first.I also love the very active development team. When they push a major update they really listen to the community to tweak things, and fix bugs inhumanly fast.The best thing about Factorio is it can be as simple or complicated as you want it to be."
76561198060524202,Recommended,427520,21641256,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ashrak,"Adictive, fun, intelligent!I'm 30 years old and I though I was moving away from gaming. I just could't find any game that gave me fun enough. With factorio I have reinvigorated my passion for gaming, It has been at least 10 years since I didn't enjoy a game like this.Factorio is an ADICTIVE game because it puts you with a gigantic goal that seems impossible, yet the progression to that point is so well achieved that you just don't notice it. Every time you start a new game you have learnt from you past mistakes and you feel that you do a lot better and a lot faster, again, and again, and again, I have played this game for almost one year and I still feel my skills at this game gets better and better. It's a game very difficult to master yet simple to start with. It's FUN, because of that and the feeling of achievement you get when you   figure out a better or more efficient way of doing thing, which is no easy task, it requieres a lot of planning and thinking, hours of work, but the reward is great: lots of fun!.Buy it now!"
76561197984037489,Recommended,427520,21673233,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Xilin,"This game does so many things so perfect on so many levels that I feel like an idiot not hearing about this game sooner. In one sentence, if you like creating stuff while figuring out problems at every step of your production cycle, then this game is for you 100%.Another thing to like it's that it's not an easy game but it's not a hard game either. It's not putting anything in front of you, but as long as you're applying brain power to your issues, you will figure out pretty quickly what you need to do in order to make it work. Having co-op is a godsend as you can spend hours with a friend or two trying to make it work better, more efficient, faster.The game does have a game mode for playing normally with your character (which btw, if he dies, the game is over), which means you need to move your character everywhere you want to build/inspect/see. The other alternative is sandbox where you have no character, you can move and build freely, but it still requires you to build stuff manually before you can automate it. Personally I prefer the freeplay mode, with the character - somehow if doesn't feel detached at all and you're there, overviewing your entire process.Recommend ? YES! You will lose hours trying to create your automatic processes while only scratching the surface of what you can do while at the same time trying to fend off the ""inhabitants"" of the planet (thankfully, they're not too bad).Buy it, try it, get a friend and start having fun while creating!"
,Recommended,427520,21629336,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,diplomic LFA,"As of right now, ive had the game for 72 hours, and I've put 31.1 hours into it. Very addicting, 10/10,  no ragrets so far."
,Recommended,427520,21656879,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,StartRestart,RCT + Tiberian Sun + The Incredible Machine.  Absolutely nailed my childhood in 1 game.
76561198053029747,Recommended,427520,21734520,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Kofi_dag (Fishmax),WELLL...today is the 9/3/16 i bought it on the 5th 33hrs of gametimethats says enoughstop wasting money on different things buy factorio!
,Recommended,427520,22114852,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BEEEEEES,"Factorio strikes a wonderful balance between enemy agression and overcoming the complexity of the tasks at hand. This is not an RTS or isometric shooter, it's a randomly generated puzzle you figure out each time. There's a huge variety of things to do and ways to accomplish them. There's also mod support - though not through steam workshop at this time; visitFactorio.com'sforums for mods. This game's value far exceeds its meager asking price AND has single / multiplayer co-op or versus."
,Recommended,427520,21628465,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bladebuddy,"This is everything I wanted in a game.The automation gameplay is astounding. Its easy to learn, hard to master.Game is very stable as of steam release."
,Recommended,427520,21666294,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Shinotama™,"So I'm not going to lie, I've never heard of this game prior to a few days ago on its steam release, which is a shame really because I am normally quite happy to support some indie games from the start if they show promise, obviously taking advantage of getting the game for a cheap price would have been nice to but I can happily say now after taking the £15 steam plunge I am very happy with my purchase.To start this review as an example, I started playing at 6pm, I stopped playing at 4am.I started out by doing the first 3 tutorials thanks to watching the space engineer’s chief playing it on twitch I wanted to know what it was all about.I stopped playing that to go straight to playing the game with a friend that I convinced to buy it also, I changed the default port to the 'Minecraft' port to avoid another setting on the port forwarding on my router, this is a practice I do all the time along with most people I know now to make everything easier, it’s almost like it’s become the default 'Gaming Port'.We both spawned in, right next to some materials with little to know idea what they are for, a quick 3 minutes floating around the menu system and I've got the controls down with no issue. I even re-binding the talk key to the `¬¦ key next to 1 as I find this to be my default 'console' key since the burnt orange golden days of 'Half-Life', I am to yet use the console but now I have the facility to add commands if I need to fix the game or edit something beyond my control, which is a nice feature to debug any game rather than just give up.The base game is ""Gather X, Smelt in Y, Create Z, Repeat"" until you have basic systems in place, needless to say getting these systems up and running take a while but once you do its very therapeutic having it all work while you sit back and wait for your tech tree research (Default T) to trickle down the timer to unlock the next challenge to learn.The learning curve at the start is very high, but in reality its literally just building blocks over the base items, i.e. Faster loading arms, special task arms, faster loading belts, underground belts, electric over fuel burning furnaces etc.Once you have conquered that base knowledge you will be well on your way to conquering the rest of the game and getting smashed by the 'Zerg' like aliens that are attracted to your base by the pollution you create.The graphics? Old school Starcraft / Fallout 1 style, an art type I can appreciate for years when done well in the mix of fluid animations such as a the steam and fire.Gameplay? Loving it, totally addicted but I can already foresee it not being for everyone that enjoys micro system management.Value for money? 100%, I believe any game that can hold my attention for large blocks of time and that can give myself equal to double hour per £/$ is worth it, if you pay £1 per play of 'Time Crisis' or any other popular arcade games for 15 minutes tops then its totally worth 1hr - £/$1. This game has already drawn in 11 hours for its £15 purchase and that’s after one play through.Fun element? Very, I vastly believe however that the game is / will be more fun when playing with other people just like most of these games like 'Space Engineers', 'Minecraft' or 'Terraria' etc, again the fun element depends on the learning ability of your team and what you each like to specialize in.I'd say I would give this game a solid 8.5/10 so far, that I could see going up, as I have not fully explored it as of the time of writing this review, giving it some form of steam workshop modding compatibility will vastly further the life of the game I feel like 'Space Engineers' has done.If I was to give this game a review in one sentence, I would finish it off with:- ""A game where you manage your management and lose your evenings with OCD overload."""
76561197980686357,Recommended,427520,21723741,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,anglefroghammer,This game is fantastic. I can honestly say that I've not noticed a single bug yet or had a single crash. If you have ever played Fortress craft this is like the 2D version of that. Normally that would be a bad thing but this game is better for it. There are 97 items to research each unlocking new buildings and or resources which seems like a enough to keep me going for a while. The enemies in the game seem to ramp up there attacks as you progress which means you don't get overwhelmed straight away and that later on you will have a challenge. I would highly recommend.
,Recommended,427520,22986024,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,parkace,"This game is Donald Trump Simulator 2016. Wanna know why?You start with you doing things using you hands, and then you get more materials.You use the materials to start to automate the work you previously did to get more materials.You use those resources to research new topics so you can automate the work you had to do manually.Then you use the resources to build transports to travel to new places for more resources.Then you use the materials to automate building, so you NEVER need to move again.Then you build a rocket, and GG.However, as you Trump along, wanting things to get BIGGER and BETTER and BIGGER and BIGGER and BIGGER, (like a Capitalist) the environmentalists will come along and ruin your fun.The environmentalists said, ""To hell with speaches and preaches! We'll just use canabalistic force and power to BULLDOZE you entire factory!""You must stop these enviromentalists, how? By murder and guns, of course! Defend your land by crafting weapons.You can also automate shooting guns, so you don't need to defend.You can also build walls, just like your mother told you to do!You can also research new weapons, and become a Pyro from TF2! Or a Soldier with rocket spam. Either or.You can also research new armor to make yourself the most OP person in town....However, the enviromentalists are not going to let you ""trump"" them. (No pun intended)  When they realize how much your polluting the land, they will get MAD. They will upgrade their forces overtime, and start moving closer to your factory. They will use ranged attackers, strong melee chargers, worm-like tower defenses, and expanding THEIR land as well.However, you can just research drones to just kill them all, and plunder them to steal their artifacts so you can ERASE THEIR EXISTANCE.Then you start again, claiming new land, and making sure you get BIGGER and BETTER than your last attempt.12/10"
,Recommended,427520,25084348,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Artur,"""Crap, ran out of iron plates..."" ""Okay got some... wait why did I need these?"""
,Recommended,427520,22126971,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,CPU,"If this game were meth, I would be dead. I can't stop playing.The plot of this game is essentially The Martian - You're stuck on a planet and you have to science your way off of it.  If you like Sim City and Minecraft, this game is for you."
76561198056151975,Recommended,427520,22154361,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,StankyLeg,I am too stupid to play this game.
,Recommended,427520,22154466,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Canadian Moose,"I have never had so much fun in any other game.Plays amazingly in multiplayer with friends, fighting off droves of Alien life in a desperate attempt to survive on a hostile planet."
76561198005932228,Recommended,427520,22154975,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lando,Ive had it for 2 days and have 22hrs logged.. Need I say more?
76561198043593589,Recommended,427520,22152854,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,sargentmki,"I never belived a game could get so complicated, yet be so fun. Still in development, but this game is still fantastic as a puzzler/RTS/SimCity. One of, if not the BEST ""builder"" game I have every played."
76561198071327218,Recommended,427520,35479802,Posted: 4 October,all,bucolucas,"Lots of fun hours on this game. Sometimes I sit back and watch the factory churn like the semi-well oiled machine it is.Always something to fix, to make better, to micro manage.Stay up late playing Factorio. Stress out during the day because not enough sleep. Play Factorio at night to relax from said stress.11/10 would lose another job for it."
,Recommended,427520,24334266,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,kjeksy,"If you start playing Factorio, then you'll never get away from it again. This is pure addiction. If you go to fix one thing in your factory, you find another thing you need to fix, and another thing, and another thing, and this keeps happening for over 3 hours until you finally get around to what you wanted to do. Go buy this game, it's great. (Oh, and then you realise that it's 2:30AM)"
,Recommended,427520,26613451,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,QVdK,"Played a few hours, liked it."
,Recommended,427520,32872538,Posted: 27 June,all,Equinoxe089,"Alien: ReverseRating: R (for sci-fi violence, bloody images)Genre: Action & Adventure, Mystery & Suspense, Science Fiction & FantasyWritten and directed by: [INSERT YOUR NAME HERE]In Displays: 25 Feb, 2016Runtime: Infinite and beyondStudio: Wube Software LTD.An instant sci-fi horror classic. Play as the last surviving crew member of a corporate spaceship destroyed after an attack and crashlanded to a remote planet.The human starts stalking the aliens, pitting biters and spitters (also worms) against malevolent killing machines with only one goal in mind: conquer the planet.Several future stars made early career appearances in Factorio including Behemoth Biter 269 and Big Worm 55.Behemoth Biter 269 was nominated for RACSO - BEST ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE for his ""sacrifice at the metal gates"" scene."
,Recommended,427520,23282176,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nicolas Mongrain-Lacombe,"Very addictive game. Definately worth the 25$. If you like to build thing, to automate production and to optimise, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,427520,21830744,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,htoby,"Great game, love mechanic based games. Would have liked it if the graphics were a little more detailed as I do not believe it helps with the aesthetic."
,Recommended,427520,26127280,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Hawkeye,"This game brings to life the tinkerer, the engineer, the architect, and well, to a lesser extend., the warlord in anyones heart. This game is witty, imaginative and very forward thinking in mechanics. You have an amazing sense of satisfaction in watching a massive mechanical empire rise from just a furnace and a coal powered miner in the beginning. This game works for everyone., be it a super massive OCD Nightmare factory or a super efficient Factory dream machine, its all up to you. With a infinite world and Evolving aliens hell bent on reclaiming what is theirs, you will guaranteed find hours of challenge and fun in this game. and with bending the worlds will to your whim this game will be a game you will play perhaps for a generation.and hey, if its too hard for you? BRING A WHOLE ARMY! (participated in games 110+ players big)10/10 Deeply loved playing and rating this game. Incredibly well done game. this is an absolute essential for my library now no matter what :DWould strongly recommend to people to buy this game. To not do so will probably be among the stupider shopping choices of the year ;)"
76561197993486028,Recommended,427520,21804506,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bill Nye Your Moms A Guy,"Iron. Copper. oil. electricity. My friend used to tell me stories about the old days, a time of automation when the factories kept on smelting and producing. Iron, copper, oil, and electricity. But all that changed when THE STUPID AS HELL ♥♥♥♥ING TINY SPITTER ♥♥♥♥♥S STARTING SHOOTING AT MY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING FACTORY BREACHING MY DAMN WALLS AND ♥♥♥♥ING ME UP THE♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would be ♥♥♥♥ed up the♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,427520,24331261,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wraldpyk,"So... I saw the trailer and thought. Wtf is this game, why in the world would I want to build a factory. What is the point?I was curious because of all the positive reviews.... so I downloaded the demo. I figured, I'll just play the demo and be done with it. At least I know what the game is.Boy was I wrong. I finished the demo in about 2 hours including a couple retries. And when I wanted to build more I couldn't, the demo was finished. I instantly bought the game and now, 81 hours played I'm still far from done. I've only launched 1 rocket so far. And when I launched that rocket I was frustrated by the slowness the rocket was launched and how insanely long it would take to launch a 2nd one. So, I started a new game and with all the trades I learned from the first I now am creating a much more efficient factory that'll hopefully be able to launch more rockets easily.I'm only 81 hours in. It is almost my ""top"" game on Steam, it'll surpass the 100 hours soon I expect, and I think it'll only be a fraction of what I'll put into this game.To everyone. If you think the game sucks based on the trailer/screenshots, be aware. You might actually like it very very much. Just try the demo and you'll be addicted just like me."
76561197978085518,Recommended,427520,21543856,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jolf,"I was afraid that this could be boring, because I never played sth. similiar but the rating of this game made me curious. So, I just started the Factorio with a good friend of mine and then it begans....we haven't any Idea what we should do now. We started to figure it out how it works, step by step and suddenly I felt that the game just caught my whole attention.It was an exploration into sth. new, you are gathering rescources, starting your research and you are discovering a lot of several methods to optimize your production.WARNING: It's definetly addictable!I cannot tell you guys that much, because I played it for about 3,2 hourse and we've been just at the beginning of a very interesting journey!!!Thumbs up! Good job devs! Hope you'll consider your ""optimization"" for the Multiplayer Menu in the future development progress ;)))So, I can just recommend it, it worths the money."
,Recommended,427520,21878528,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Gaddivo,You'll have no life. Seriously. I want my time back. T.T
,Recommended,427520,25589692,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,r7liph,無mod可以玩50小時coop再玩50小時加左mod可以再玩500小時20美元(150港元)實在太便宜(玩緊mega base無限擴建中)
76561197966835726,Recommended,427520,31617027,Posted: 7 May,all,Pototron,OCD Paradise or nightmare. Depend on your point on view. there is A LOT of things to fiddle and thinker with.(This is no joke if you are boderline OCD in games)
,Recommended,427520,32852731,Posted: 27 June,all,MrSunshine,great game please help
,Recommended,427520,29470637,Posted: 24 January,all,MrNiceGuy,"OMG!  Run... run now...this game will suck you in like no other.  It's too late for me, but you can still save yourself.Minecraft for engineers."
76561198060378818,Recommended,427520,24448142,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[AA] Bluesky,"Sometimes, you're going to spend 3 hours to build a big factory, just to figure out at the end of the 3 hours that it can't work and you've got to rethink and rebuild everything.10/10 would smash my head on my keyboard again.(but when it works it feels great)"
,Recommended,427520,23106585,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,camux,"TL;DR:State of the game as of 3/25/2017-Even before it began venturing into the wealth of content that Factorio has seen since being added to Steam, it stands as a rogue product- this is Early Access done right.  There is easily enough here to justify the price, which now seems mighty tiny in comparison to many games in my library I forgot about long ago.Early Access done well and the developers genuinely care about their game.  Buying now is not a referendum on all you hold dear in terms of Video Game Angst, but rather a testament to the early access platform executed with finess.  In case you're having trouble following me,this game is great, the core mechanics are very well done, there are thousands of hours available just in the vanilla experience itself, and you can probably find a mod for anything else.People think they're being coy when they troll about the game's price, entitlement culture and all that.  Like my review said, when it was simpler like my factories were, when I only had a hundred or so  hours in:  If I had to choose 5 games that I could only play for rest of my life, Factorio would be #1 on that list.How I interpret ""video games"" changed immediately and permanently thanks to Factorio.A game I thought would scratch my strategy/city itch, one of the only instant-buys that I did not follow prior to paying.I'm nearing the 600 hour mark and the game has lost none of it's gloss.  I haven't used any mods that change vanilla mechanics, whatsoever.  I'm now going through my first early-game map to get the achievements, I haven't started over from scratch since hour 300 or so.  I'm learning so much more all over again about this glorious, dizzying game of ingenuity.I jumped into Factorio with one promise to myself:  That I would not once look up a Wiki or search for help with the game.  I was going to figure it all out without ANY ephemeral information.It was agorgeousexperience."
,Recommended,427520,23859041,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[JP]zak XD¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"at 8:00am-ok let play this game,today let me make some railway and destory some bug hive.2000years later,ok done (look at the clock)holy ♥♥♥♥ already 2000years!?------------------------------------------------main-------------------------------------this game like minecraft but it have more hard thing you need to do,like let your factory full auto,let the rail help you to take more iron copper to your factory.you need to use your bring to think how to let it be came true and you also need to def the bug atkyou are this Planet Intruder first you will not make prllution.when your factory more bigger and need more power you will make prllution the bug will protect they planet to atk you.you need to upgread your tower your def system and uplv your gun's make the tank destory they hive,last you need to launch the rocket to the space let your earth to help you out---------------------------9/10-------------------------------it's fun to play with friends it can be mod and they keep updateing"
76561198001379789,Recommended,427520,21476584,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Odilein,Really nice game! It is like Minecraft combined with Star Craft. :)
,Recommended,427520,21761642,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sjoelback,"Factorio is a game in which you start with nothing and end up with a hell of a lot more. You start to mine coal and iron by hand, until you can automate that. Then automate the automated, and so on.Be prepared to spend a lot of time going back to your earlier designs to remake them more efficient. And while doing that, get distracted by having not enough power, so you go and remake your power plant. And while doing that get distracted by that one line of iron which isn't full enough, so you go and place some splitters so you can balance that out. And while doing that, get distracted by.... You get the point.As RPS said it: Show's over, building games. It's time to go home."
,Recommended,427520,29212880,Posted: 12 January,all,SquarelyCircle,"This game is probably one of those where you either love it or you hate it. But I love it. It's one of the most addictive games out there. It gives you a few serious thrills that few other games give you.  These are the thrills of:1) Productivity - You feel like you've got tons of things to manage as you play this game.  You need to increase your electrical output, but for some reason you've stopped getting iron plates, so you can't get pipes for the boilers and steam engines to work. So, you go to your iron smelting area to figure out what the hold up is, only to discover that a lone alien has been chombing away at your stuff. If only you had heeded the warnings earlier! (... but you were too busy, to pay attention, right?)2) Scope (as in scale) - You start off by hitting rocks with sticks, and by the very late game you have robots flying to do your bidding at a snap. Every little tiny advancement seems to matter so much, there are hundreds of advancements, several points where you feel like you just hit a major milestone in development (electricity, automated research, oil refining, etc), and it all adds up to become this insane power (addressed next).3) Earned Omnipotence - When you're able to tell your robots to build a massive solar farm, turret outposts, and additional entire mining and smelting facilities, and they put it up in a matter of seconds... you feel sooooo awesome. But it's not until you've worked your butt off that you get to that point. You've earned it, every step of the way.This game was apparently single player for a long time, but now that it's multiplayer, I'd say that's the only way to play! Get 2-5 people together to have a lot of fun.It's also a highly moddable game, so there are lots of great mods out. Consider your first 40 hour play through a tutorial so that you'll know enough about the game to know which mods you like. You'll have to decide which ones you like the most on your own, but some that I've played with that I've really enjoyed (I don't remember their exact names, but you'll notice them if you're searching) are the colored chunks mod, the iron letters mod, the rampant AI and Natural Evolution (harder/smarter enemies) mods, Bobs warfare (gives you military options that make the tougher enemies manageable),  the improved stone/concrete walls, Bob's inserters (lets you turn which direction the inserters pick up from),  lighted electric poles, ""bottleneck"" (shows an icon indicating if machines are undersupplied, functioning normally, or unable to drop off their product), tombstone (lets you get your items back when you died; for me and my friends, we modified the tombstone to take 1/3 as long to break down, since the mod makes it take an insanely long time - like a full minute of uninterupted mining), alien biomes (just for the visual diversity), autofill (to simplify placing down new items), chainsaw (a balanced mid game tool for clearing wood faster), filtered deconstruction planner, handy hands (for queueing items to build when you're not building anything else), Personal Spawns, nuclear reactors, upgrade planner, and dozens more.Note that this game had NEVER (up to the time of this writing) gone on any kind of sale. So don't waste your time waiting. Just grab the demo, and if you like it, buy it."
,Recommended,427520,21538389,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DC,This is by far the most interesting game I have played in a while.
,Recommended,427520,22138597,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MidnightFuzzz,holy crap!- day 1: makes small mining post and sets uo first conveyor belts-day 10 : starts researching automation and new technologies- day 20: builds power plants and completes building the electric grid- day 100: gets trains down and everything is done- day 100.1 : finds the alt button enters a detailed view- day 100.2 : oh♥♥♥♥♥♥biters- day 100.3 ; biten to death by huge cockroach looking thingsGame Over11/10 would be killed by a cockroach again
,Recommended,427520,28230440,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Reyla,"This new Tekkit texture pack is AMAZING!If you want a game that makes stupid people (me) feel smart, then this is the game for you and your friends"
76561198118421288,Recommended,427520,33622009,Posted: 17 July,all,I am Toast,CONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTSCONVEYORBELTS
,Recommended,427520,29850284,Posted: 11 February,all,Mike Pence's Skin,"It was way past midnight when the famous philosopher Wube Software LTD started working on this game that he finished in just under 8 hours inside a dirty garage all by himself and without any experience in producing any software. Once he had finished, majorly dehydrated and inconveniently dressed, he was the proud independant producer of the first ego shooting RTS puzzle action adventure RPG simulation. He swore that he would never corrupt it by making it early access without ever publishing it officially, took a zip of his fourty-second coffee this night and pressed the release button.That was the day Factorium appeared out of nowhere and without any announcement. It crashed into people's world, changed their view of things and had almost all players reconsider their life choices by the new philosophy that just entered their mind.The meaning of FactorTheGame, the stunning story, the beautiful voice-acting, infamous AAA-graphics, its participation in the philosophical debate of today with its radical new ideas and approaches is something that is far beyond what you can cover in a review. However, in the next few hours and days, I will give it a try.It all started in 1935, Lincoln Elldalek and Herbert Hollick-Cumberdale started the first Antarctia flight over the entire continent in the history of man. They saw the deadly beauty and the dangerous sharpness of the almost endless desert of ice. Their emotions and their thoughts surely were beyond anything us lesser beings can imagine nowadays, where there are no comparable riddles left to be solved.Nietzsche said that god is dead and that we killed him and that is surely what he meant by that. The philosophy of FactsUnited, a game that is circled around building up something that does need everything to function automatically, is something so complicated, so beyond comprehension that it might stun you when you first experience the value of yourself and what you mean to the world.You start off as a regular worker inside a complex society on some alien-infested planet. Your daily job is standing around and make sure the sinister aliens don't smell your red boxes on the map so that they don't come over and attack you.Then you start building the first energetic perpetuum mobile by placing a self-fueling burner miner on some coal that will continue to run forever as long as there is coal to mine and due to the effectiveness you sadly end up with overflow which then leads to new dangerous developments like the first idea to produce red test tubes automatically and your damnation begins.Minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years, centuries, millenia pass and you build up something that is so automated, so perfect, that it can stay online forever. It will continue to do what you build it for as long as the entropy in the universe is below 1, as long as there is some sort of concentrated energy available in the entire universe.You then start to realize that what you build is very similar to what Nietzsche said, only in a whole new perspective. You are the god and the machines are the ones speaking the idea out. They killed you, even though you were the one who created them. You were their god and now that they function automatically, the only redundant thing, the only thing that no longer has any purpose neither in the system that you created nor in the greater universe and all infinite parallel universes around you, is you, the player.You made something so great and so automated that it's independant of its own creator. The creator, you, have only one action left that might give you a temporary feel of being something of note: Destroy what you created and make yourself needed again.What value does your life contain when even though you are capable of developing entire worlds you can not find anything of note to do? Is your entire existance only necessary to create something that is then independant of you so that you have to destroy it to be necessary again?Those are the actual questions that Factorissimo arises. It's less than a game than a metaphysical dissertation around the usual concerns of existentialism, along with a harsh portion of cosmic pessimism as already know it illustrated by Eugene Thacker.The horrors of the world-in-itself, as Thacker put it, are brought to life in FactsReloaded, where you face the aliens that want to eat your brains and suck out ear juice because you are destroying their environment. Doesn't this make the insane contrast between you as creator and you as demolisher even more obvious? Not only that all you can create is imperfect until you automated it to a point where it does not need you, you also are not able to accomplish that without crashing the reality of lesser beings than yourself, stealing their world, stealing their ressources and killing them using a fatass German Panzer that - ironically - built fromtheirressources.Factorheyo is an existentialistic philosophy around creating something destructive that you have to destroy in order to prevail with your own significance. Or in other words - what meaning does your product have, when you are of no meaning at all? What value does your yes have, when you are not willing to let action follow it?If you are able to face those questions, if you are able to live with the knowledge that might suck you into the depth of nihilism, if you are capable of enduring despite the pressure ofnothingriding down your self-esteem, then go forth and read Funtorio.I do however suggest that if you want to maintain happiness in your life, it's better to not ask questions and not touch this society-endangering masterpiece that is Fact. Keep your eyes closed and continue to imagine that validity and genesis are directly connected to each other.It's a lot healthier for our very human mind to do that instead."
,Recommended,427520,21962721,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Rizz,it's a logistical nightmare
76561198038260259,Recommended,427520,28992872,Posted: 3 January,all,GameTech101,"100/10: Will play till cant do maths again.Side NoteAAA GamesHalo 3 Legendary Edition $200 ~500 Hours PlayedHalo 4 Collectors Edition $100 ~ 60 Hours PlayedHalo 5 Legendary Edition $200 ~70 Hours PlayedWatch Dogs $60 ~ 120 Hours PlayedBattlefield 3 $40 ~ .5 Hours PlayedCall of Duty BO 2 $60 ~ 40 Hours PlayedDestiny $60 ~160 Hours PlayedF2P/Indie GamesWarframe F2P ~ 1,200 HoursFactorio $20 ~ 800 HoursMinecraft $15 (Alpha purchase) ~ 1,800+Space Engineers $20 ~ 1,300Do you see a pattern? I have. I stopped buying big AAA titles. In short they suck and in most cases just barely make a $1/Hour value. Indie and F2P has (assuming 20-40 for F2P) between a 2-5 cent per hour cost. This game is wonderful it has devs who care and a concept that will continue on even after they feel like they are ""done"". You cant beat building massive automated bases. With the right mod you can have the base build itself."
,Recommended,427520,21706084,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Kozmiic,"If you want to know why people think this game is really good (99% positive) you have to expierience the game yourself.You start off not knowing much but as you get better you become more creative and always try new things to better improve your factory. This game is great you will never get bored even once you unlock everything through the games research system, there is still unlimited possiblilities for what your factory could be like. The only donwisde is the unnatractive UI but who really cares. This game proves gameplay is all that matters, and its not even complete.10/10"
76561198052641504,Recommended,427520,29750217,Posted: 6 February,all,Aristóteles,CHINA SIMULATOR
76561198028029171,Recommended,427520,26165240,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Not a Thief,"The Only game priced at $20 even, that's when you know it's a good game."
76561198190793869,Recommended,427520,21862041,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Darthamius,I love this game. I dont like it I LOVE it. This game is one of the most fun games I have ever played.  You can tell that it has had alot of work put into itt and it is amazingly optimized. It can run perfectly on my less than perfect laptop and i promise no amter what you are playing on (ranging from super computer to toaster) you will be able to play it. Defenatly worth the buy. i would pay $60 dollars for it(:
,Recommended,427520,29890537,Posted: 12 February,all,jrmars07,Just let me just make this area of my factory more productive.10 areas later you are right back where you started.Highly addictive and OCD.
,Recommended,427520,25482420,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Alpha,"This is the most addicting game that i have in my library, absolutly love it!"
,Recommended,427520,22235062,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mr.Elektro,mom's spaghetti.
76561197994185050,Recommended,427520,22859385,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,flyerbait,"An interesting game. when you first play it, check the box not to have the natives attack without you attacking them first, else you might have a very short game other wise ;). The more you play it, the more you learn how to set up your base, and your production lines, most bases are constantly being made over as you increase your tech, you will use coal for fuel less for material production, and more just for power supply or making plastics. My problem is, when i figure out how to do something easier or simpler i want to restart again (so i do most times). I learn more with every game. its worth the 20$."
,Recommended,427520,22805397,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lava84flow,This game is awesomely addicting and you should play it.
,Recommended,427520,22877678,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Diegovano [ELGB],"This game is amazing, I was hesitant at first but once you start playing and understand the basic mechanics, the game plays itself, you can restart and every time the factories that you created get more and more complex and efficient. To be honest my favourite feature are the trains, I love the signalling system! The only thing that could be better is maybe an good tutorial on the circuit network, I'd love to use that.Overall this game is definitely worth the £15 if you love open-world simulation management games.EDIT: This game has just kept getting better, the developpers are in the stage of increasing the quality of sprites. That will make this game much better."
76561198093709004,Recommended,427520,23546605,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,googoogly,"Factorio is a very fun game that is very fun, and has automatey stuff and stuff like that, but the ending is extremely anti-climactic and stuff and it should have more stuff and stuff"
76561198010970918,Recommended,427520,24071093,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Straponfist,"love the game...only one thing is missing.... robot armies. the kind that we can mass produce to kill the aliens some thing we can mass produce to send off into the wastelands on a train to attack hives... something the we have to manage like ammo and/ or battery life (or a fuel that increase pollution so that your bots exhaust a cloud where ever they go).... and we have to assemble them piece by piece with modular parts so we can have different types of bots... some with flamethrower attached some with shotguns attached and some that run on fuel or could some on batteries so u have different choices depending on your needs or resources... just something to else we can focus our factories to do that we normally only make once or twice when needed like body armor, weapons, ammo and tanks... and always have them be inferior to the aliens, forcing you to make more so that way a mission into a alien hive will have high casualty rate among your bots insuring they wont be op and forcing you to always make more and keep expanding and fighting and increasing against an evolving alien foe unless they are used defensively where the repair drones could keep the repaired or be used with the trains as a QRF for when aliens attack an outpost... idk just a man with an idea just with i had the time to mod this in. i just feel like the game about automation and combat is not automating the combat part of the game.... i mean ive gotten to the point where i have to much of anything and no reason to stretch my borders in the alien wasteland and the aliens are not in range of my pollution to attack me... causing me to lose interest and just finish the game.... i mean imagine if i had to dedicate a 1/3rd of my resources to build some of the thing u wouldn't build but once or twice to make a scrap bot humanoid army ( like the ones from SW attack of the clones) have them put on a train so when an outpost was attack the train would automatically rush out and bots would auto deploy and engage the aliens attempt to attack the hive the came from die while the train returns to pick up more reinforcements till the hive is destroyed causing the aliens to evolve as if the player was killing them causing you to expand your train and factory to make more bots (cause u cant make them to much stronger or smarter so you only advantage is in numbers) forcing your factories to get bigger and your resource draw to grow forcing more expansion into the wasteland and more alien confrontation all while u try to escape on a rocket (if you're a coward) ... it could change a 1 day play thru to a week long military campaign that's never the same from map to map. and just imagine the pvp!"
,Recommended,427520,24012999,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,benza435,"So... 110 hours on recortd, still haven't beat it yet.Not because I couldn't though - more because I'm a chronic perfectionist and every time I get near the end I realise a more efficient method and start again from the beginning.  I don't even mind starting again.My top tip for first time players is to ergonomically optimise your gaming area and book a week off work before you start playing.110/10"
,Recommended,427520,24035191,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RabidLlama8,"If you're into detailed logistics chains and almost full control over every aspect of it, this game is for you.  If you don't like that kind of stuff, steer clear."
,Recommended,427520,27599401,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alanis Percocet,Just five more minutes
,Recommended,427520,22075537,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,vacha,I've played this game for 50 hours in less than two weeks. I didn't think I had that sort of spare time.There is something supremely satisfying about trying different layouts for getting resources from one assembly machine to another. I could probably spend another 50 hours trying to perfect it. And the developers plan on adding more things to this game? Madness.
,Recommended,427520,21956933,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Auto Rockwell,"I highly recommend this game if you're into building things, seeing how things work, and especially the idea of assembly lines. It's just challenging enough that you won't get bored, but not so challenging that you won't ""get it"" right away.Few games get the balance of fun to customizability. This game strikes it like an expert smith."
76561197960422850,Recommended,427520,21486622,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KickyMcAssington,"Played co-op for 7 hours strait with my friend and couldnt put the game down, only reason i did eventually was the sun came up...10/10"
76561197988022848,Recommended,427520,21987030,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SamBreezy,"I love this game, it appeals to the logical part of my brain that most games dont appeal to and its just amazing all around. I fear with this game in my library I may never see the light of the outside world again, at least I have the multitude of transport belts and inserters of my factory to keep me company."
,Recommended,427520,22086970,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,fossifoo,awesome
76561197970278686,Recommended,427520,21954282,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,cswiger,"Crashland on a planet.  Start building an economy from scratch.Learn that the planet doesn't like you or your factories' pollution.They start off small and mostly harmless.  A pistol seems fine.They become larger, armored, and not even vaguely harmless."
,Recommended,427520,22326085,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CefL,"10/10 game, well worth the £15.There is no end game, you just keep getting bigger and better, more and more complicated and kill kill kill.However, there is a lot to the game.. much learning to do."
,Recommended,427520,21761769,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Azurian,spaghetti sorting simulator 2016
,Recommended,427520,25358678,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Staiden,"Factorio is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. 20 bucks, and ive played for over 1100 hours! The team that works on this game goes above and beyond what they need to make sure this is a quality game."
76561198208948569,Recommended,427520,24526200,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mr. Swanky,Amazing game worth way more than 20$ 5 Stars to the factorio crew!
,Recommended,427520,22886921,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,langkopf,"Unarguably one of the best games i have ever played.cant wait for ""Factorio Colonize"" with the goal to populate the whole planet, automated agriculture and supply for the living habiats.some other general ideas:- more dangerous nature, more and different kinds of bugs around the map- colonizing other planets, basically just maps with different properties and new resources- colony vs colony multiplayer pvp. use population as soldiers and give factorio the real time war strategy to make it more rogue-like. right now you are pretty safe behind your walls and turrets.you guys are amazing. this game really does everything right. it would be amazing to see it expand in a direction that will give it more replay value."
76561198160742546,Recommended,427520,23743967,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ryry000,"I enjoy this game and look forward to the future updates.  it starts out a little slow, but it speeds up, and the only bad thing is it starts to slow again (to me at least) around the blue science packs in technology since they take a long time to create"
,Recommended,427520,21888958,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ukgamer,"This game will devour hours of your life as you seek to maintain, protect and upgrade your factories.Runs and looks great, simple to learn but difficult to master and the devs are very involved with the community and their feedback.The building damaged alert sound is forever engraved into my brain.Recommended for anyone who loves building and strategy games."
,Recommended,427520,25409414,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Odin,"This is one of those games where you start playing then, like 2 hours later look up and realise that 5 hours have passed, but you need to just fix this one belt... then the mines, now power is low. Adding in the multiplayer element is absolutely great!"
76561198062570118,Recommended,427520,21757659,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sneaky Squid,"If you enjoy games such as minecraft and especially the tekkit mods for it, there is nothing about Factorio you will not adore. Factorio is all about automation. And let me tell you, it is incredible. Starting out building smelteries, following to the beginnings of electricity with steam power, evolving to labs for scientific research to build new inventions, this is all great. Then you get into automating your research, making machines build old machines to help you build even newer machines, building personal transportation and railway systems, creating entire electrical grids to power all your creations. After you get advanced you can look forward to massive military operations with turrets, guns, etc., or if you aren't into that feel free to build in game supercomputers and actually program in the game. Not a techy or a fighter? Dedicate yourself to the game's overall goal, advance your technology and industry into the sky, literally. Research and continue the path until you launch a rocket into space. Truly, one of the best games of the genre. 12/10"
,Recommended,427520,24276324,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PlattFish,"Cracktorio is an amazing game. However, it burns time like a mother, prepare to wonder why you are still playing on your computer at 3am on a Monday Night."
76561198135343582,Recommended,427520,24154259,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[BKNE] CubeMaster_1,"Factorio is like a puzzle game about machines, but you will notice that only after you finished your factory..."
,Recommended,427520,22785009,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vortex_647,"Will I tell you what I hate about this game???... It's still in early access but it is better than most full games and it is soo polished except with some saves like I put 50 hrs in a world and its gone :( But I think it's with the mods I have installed. And yes I reccomend this game as you can see. But you have to play the game to actually understand it or to get a ""feel"" of the game. Hope this helped and cya on the next post :)"
,Recommended,427520,23733209,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Shuveria,"This game is a time sink.Very fun.Very addictive.Brings out the engineer in you.Protip: before you play, make sure you don't have school or work the next day."
76561197994894010,Recommended,427520,28459754,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Elseif,"This game is amazing.  This ""early access"" is a better game than most."
76561197999394859,Recommended,427520,21483453,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,melanclock,This game is amazing. Makes me nostolgic for playing with old minecraft mods but of course far surpasses things like industrialcraft. The gameplay is great. I highly recommend designing factories through experimentation and planning rather than looking up designs. The graphics are kinda dingy but they are good enough and have a sort of retro look.
,Recommended,427520,31343079,Posted: 24 April,all,Thaaron,It is an amazing game with extremely active developers constantly working to make it even better.I'm 600 hours in and could easily see myself putting in another 600.
,Recommended,427520,21499070,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Franglais,"One of the best games I've played in recent times and I've barely scratched the surface! Same addictive making complex transport systems as transport tycoon but with wires and ores instead of passengers and freight. Very simple concept, already a deep game (and still in early access!)The dude who made it went for a job at mojang, didn't get it so made this instead. Thank goodness for that!"
76561198011144440,Recommended,427520,22827178,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Arch Judge,"Lost track of time playing Factorio, tried sleeping but couldn't, woke up from a nightmare, dreamt that trees were growing inside the factory.10/10 superb game"
,Recommended,427520,25613727,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,fleur,Do you like watching How It's Made and wish you could star in your very own episode? Like automation? Mass production? The feeling when a bunch of zerglings run up to your manned bunker? Trains? Industrial robots? The movie Starship Troopers? Literally seizing the means of production?Are you the type of person to spend hours tweaking something until it's working just right? Do you get off to efficiency? Hate the fact that you have to eat and sleep?Buy Factorio.
76561198004474840,Recommended,427520,32780578,Posted: 25 June,all,weter_palters,"Amazing game - the ultimate in puzzle solving / engineering. The most fun you can have while doing something educational!If you're not sure, trust me. Buy it."
,Recommended,427520,21696710,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Josh123,"Im so burnt out on early access games, i now simply refused to buy them. Because of all the money wasted on incomplete games over the years that still arent complete to this day.That being said, this is the one game i do not regret paying for in this early access phase. because it still delivers a fully playable game and doesnt use the Early access flag as a method to get money from people for a crappy unfished game.My only regret is finding out this game is almost 3 years old and i just found out about it last week...."
,Recommended,427520,31811753,Posted: 17 May,all,Pake,A solid base game for its price but modding is what makes good games great nowadays.With as many mods as your build can handle this is a 10/10.
,Recommended,427520,28380189,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Prestidigitator,I love this game... it might have taken my life away from me.Although I think it needs to have more content and items to make last even longer.
76561197985063992,Recommended,427520,25732641,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,OMGSPY!,"To the indigenous tribes of that planet I just left. I am sorry.Perhaps that is not the statement you expected to hear from me. But looking back on the months I have spent living along side of you, I am filled with regret. My behavior was innappropriate and I can not expect forgiveness. I think it was I who fired the opening shots in this misunderstanding. I built laser turrets next to your homes, knowing full well that it would decimate your little colony. I was concerned for the nearby copper mine that your people lived on. I felt that this copper mine could be better used for things like constructing laser turrets. Ironic, I know.Then there was that time when I drove a tank right over a few dozen of you. In fairness it may have been more than a dozen. It may very well have been in the hundreds. Please understand that I was angry that you had destroyed my radar system. With out my radar system I could not see where you all were and that made it difficult to effectively plan my expansion(s). I overreacted. I am sorry.Finally there was the issue with the flamethrower. I can not offer an explanation for that. One of my logistics robots told me it would be funny. I regret that, at the time, I did find it very amusing.Regarding the flying robot army that I constructed and unleashed upon your planet with the single purpose of identifying and exterminating your kind.... well..... you know what... I am just going to go. Once again. I am so so sorry."
,Recommended,427520,26901833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woah,"Not since Portal 2 has a game made me feel so smart!This is, in my oppinion, one of the greatest world building games out there.  Clean, and so satisifying.  Everything you solve a logistical problem, you're going to feel like a freaking genius.  It gets even MORE fun as a co-op game, as you'll return to your five year old self and say, ""come look at this, look, look-it, looooooook at my GENIUS"".Seriously, you need this game in your life.Achievements are also all achieveable HUGE plus!"
,Recommended,427520,27028741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HamSandwich,This feels like my job at work sometimes.  But I still don't stop playing.
,Recommended,427520,26625789,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SSTR,"First I said Ill take a look and probably get bored in 1 hour, next thing I remember is looking outside of my window seeing sun is rising from horizon and I have been playing since 16 hours... my sleep cycle is ruined new but it was totally worth it"
,Recommended,427520,27166485,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Klingenmeister,"This game could be the future of survival crafting games.Seeing the big problem of endless ressource grind in all of those crafting games and minecraft clones, it took this problem, turned it around and made it its main feature. Seeing all those machines working and gathering ressources for you is one of the most satisfing feeling Ive ever had in a game.(full review coming with game release)"
76561197995209569,Recommended,427520,25237662,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Zal,Send help
,Recommended,427520,28967750,Posted: 2 January,all,レム,Played with my friends.Spent 10 hours building solar pannels and capacitors.Still want to build more.10/10.
76561198003659909,Recommended,427520,29155548,Posted: 9 January,all,Viktor,"Day 22,Ive finally managed to fight off those beasts that keep throwing themselves against my walls and turrets, its nice to have some breathing room or as much as my steam engines allow.But that's just it my steam engines are slowly burning through my dwindling supply of coal, goddamnit i should have invested some time in producing a more sustainable energy source.Too late now to be cursing my technological choices I'll just have to hope i manage to find a fresh supply of coal or I might find myself in the dark with those creatures...Day 25,My Coal supply is almost non-existent and it's been slowly pushing my wits to the limit, but all is not lost.Luckily I managed to spot a new source of Coal today on one of my expeditions.Now I only need to setup a suitable outpost to protect my newfound resources aswell as building suitable means to transport it safely back to my base.Then i should finally be able to build that rocket i need to get off this stinking planet.Day 26,Progress has been slow but ive finally managed to build a suitable means to bring the coal back to my base, now all that is left is to connect the outpost to my main power grid and we should be in business... Why! why did the coal supply have to run out now of all times im so close! Don't worry it's ok i can still mine the coal to get things going manually...They came for me! I dont know how they knew but they must have sensed that i had been pre-occupied with trying to retrieve my new source of power and had barely spared a moment for anything else, especially bullets to keep my turrets capable of protecting my base while it was suffering from the power outage. They are slowly over running my defences i dont have any time to salvage anything,if i dont escape soon i believe ill become just another bundle of bones marking this planets surface....Day 27,I used the last of the coal that i had managed to mine to fuel my car to escape the infernal beasts... I dont know where I am or if im even out of harms way.I keep asking myself if i had have done things differently would I not now be already launching that rocket to freedom and kissing goodbye this planet and the monstrosities that inhabit it.Yet here I am lost without the resources to construct the machines that were providing the ease of automation.But all is not lost I still have my axe and I can rebuild that which i lost, aslong as I keep ahead of those things that chase me and who knows? one day I might see my home again..."
,Recommended,427520,29930567,Posted: 14 February,all,拿乔王,good game.
76561198032043197,Recommended,427520,29670805,Posted: 3 February,all,_Helton_,Everything I loved from modded minecraft but in the vanilla game.
,Recommended,427520,22258538,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bacony Infusion,"I'm thinking about how i can improve my factory when i sleep...This game is a BLAST to play. I haven't touched on the multiplayer aspect, but I imagine that it would be tons of fun to play with a couple of friends.First off: This game might look overwhelming, and you might be scared on how complex some of the players factories are. The fact is, that it is incredibly easy to get started, and making a factory is not a ""puzzle"" like it might look. You do sometimes come across a problem, that requires you to think a bit, but there is ALWAYS an obvious solution. There is always a simple way to do stuff, you only come across the ""puzzly"" parts if you try to do thinks the most compact or smartest ways.You, as a player, starts out small, and you gradually add more and more. Starting off creating simple stuff, and then when it becomes necessary to craft more advanced stuff you often use some of the materials you have previously produced, and therefor rarely create a factory that builds some item from scratch, but instead you are connecting outputs from previous production to achieve more advanced stuff.I mainly play on a peaceful save, as i really enjoy the build aspect, and like to think how to make it the smartest, most systematized and pretty looking factory and building upon it. I have played a dosen of hours on the normal mode, and it is definetly lots of fun. Imagine you building a huge wall around a factory, guarded by turrets, that you automaticly fill with ammo, that you have automaticly created in your factory.This game is amazing, I'm out of words."
,Recommended,427520,23263543,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dr Soda,Automate all the things!
,Recommended,427520,27836996,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tmin10,It's very interesting and replayable game!
,Recommended,427520,21895949,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Materia,"This game is as puzzleing as you want to make it.  You know that next factory will be easily built elsewhere but it might just fit in the middle with all the existing infrastructure with a few minor changes and some brainwork.Although you could sit back and watch the factory work, there's always something else you could set up for automation.Very satisfying.  Would automate again."
,Recommended,427520,27215319,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fspirit,"This game sucks you in like a vacuum cleaner, be very cautious.Definitely not for everyone, and it's a bit pricy at full price, but when it's on sale I'd say give it a shot.You might really like this one"
,Recommended,427520,23473173,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Keldow,Adeptus Mechanicus simulator!ever wanted to be an Adeptus Mechanicus Magos? well now you can!
76561197971549083,Recommended,427520,25663420,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sup,"Sweet jesus just buy this thing already, all of my freetime has now been eliminated."
76561197995542475,Recommended,427520,22875531,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Shin,One of the best games I bought. It's really addicting. Even for Early access it really feels like a complete game (also it is very stable and I didn't encounter any bugs so far). And there will be even more new stuff added in the future! You get so much content for just twenty bucks and you can play it for so many hours. And if that's not enough there is also a huge modding community which supports the game with so many interesting mods.This game really tests your creativity. There are so many ways you can build your factory to solve a problem. I love it!Thank you developer team for such an great game. I wish you much luck and success for the future and hope that even after full release there will be more content. This game is really something unique.I highly recommend this game! You get a lot of fun for so less money! If you are still not sure you can play the demo.I played it too and wanted more after that. So I bought it and now I'm addicted and telling all my friends to buy it so we can build a huge factory in the multiplayer. xD
,Recommended,427520,22222055,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,saunika,"First off, my first thought when I came across this game was, ""This is not my kind of game."" This game looks so bad based on just the screenshots and basic gameplay videos but I tried it anyway because it had great reviews and I was pretty bored of my current games.I also had the misconception that this was another tedious ""crafting"" game. This game is NOT that. Its all about automation so that you DON'T have to do any of the crafting at all. If you've ever programmed at all, even just a tiny bit, this game is basically a fun, easy-to-learn version of programming. I know that sounds like a boring concept for a game, but this thing hooks you in like crack.Its a very straight forward learning curve and is not as intimidating as it seems. $20 seems like a lot for a game that could have been released in the late 90's but it is totally worth it. Really goes to show that visuals aren't what make games good.I would call this a puzzle game if I had to categorize it but its a fairly untraditional game. Worth checking out, even if it seems like you wouldn't like this game."
76561198120797642,Recommended,427520,21950286,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,peagleman,This is how Early Access Games should be whenever they are released.
76561198043991981,Recommended,427520,23108164,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Robots_FTW,Played for 10 hours straight the first day I got it. Directly converts time into Factorios.
,Recommended,427520,23543408,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,big o' pupper,i suck at this game
,Recommended,427520,21515295,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rogue Coder,"- See game trailer, decide to try it out- Download game and start a co-op game with your friend- Look at the time after a few minutes and realize 6 hours has passed, it's 3 in the morning, and you have to work the next day- Continue playing anyway10/10 highly recommended."
76561198116906434,Recommended,427520,23737411,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,xXDroc1986Xx,"I have been playing video games for almost 30 years, and this game has been by far the most addictive games I have ever played. There is always so much to do to keep you involved, and always one last thing to do before you can log off. I have logged over 115 hours in 2 weeks and almost 250 hours in the month I have owned it. Highly recommended, but kiss your life goodbye!"
,Recommended,427520,22020707,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Galiya,This game is absolutely amazing.Its well optimized too. Im getting 60fps on an amd radeon hd 6450.Well worth 20 eurobucks for the content that it already has.I've played Factorio for 100+ hours and I havent even launched a rocket yet.
,Recommended,427520,22112167,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Cubity_First,"I woke up, noticed this was trending on steam and decided to check it out, i started at about 10am and ended up getting up about 12 hours later to go to the loo, and went, wait, its dark outside?This game is the pure definition of addiction."
76561197993175597,Recommended,427520,24190662,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,loran7866,looks stupid simple at first then it becomes a wonderfully creative exercise in efficiency and adapting to a random environment. Incredible  This is like Rollercoaster Sim if you were on a starship troopers planet and the coasters feed factories churning out more and more complex things leading up to oppression of the local population....welcome to the evolution of life
,Recommended,427520,25169890,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[TDNL]SiC,"There's several moments to this game which make it brilliant.That moment where you feel really smart after setting up a system that works completely on it's own...Then the next moment where you come back to a map after a while and have no clue how the system that you set up and which made complete sense actually works.Then the moment where you think: I can do this better, and rework the entire thing. Then the moment where the same thing happens again, and again, and every time you end up with something that can't be described as anything but a beautiful mess."
76561198079202839,Recommended,427520,23003266,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,BhopSeed,Step I :do everything manuallyStep II:Automate mining and craftingStep III:Automate AutomationStep IV:WaitStep V:RocketRATING:10/10
,Recommended,427520,21609239,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SirManBeard,"I'm Sorry My Girlfriend... I've always said I be there for you. I swear that 55 hours in the past 5 days is not that much, really! I am eco friendly even, see all those 150 solar panels, that only took 5 hours but i SAVED the enviroment. See that tank in the garage, that's your new car. See I told you I would make money some day. Love Your Girlfiend, I'm heading out to step on bugs nuts and eat their coal.P.S. I promise you'll get a few hours of my time by next month."
,Recommended,427520,21881418,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,( ),One-man communism simulator 2016
76561198067000016,Recommended,427520,21893779,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,✗άλφαPlaGuE✗,This game is amazing. it looks like another money grab from the developers. BUT ITS NOT!!!this game was well thought out and will eventually rule in this catagory of gaming. the only problem is when i close my eyes all I see is conveyor belts. now stop wasting your time reading this and JUST BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,427520,21934372,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,AstroNut,>build factory>realize factory is unprotected>build wall to protect factory from illegal aliens>must make factory great again10/10 Best Trump Simulator 2016
76561198282761748,Recommended,427520,22651337,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,gremblo,10/10
,Recommended,427520,24904109,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Wayz,"Once you start playing, you can't stop!Truely a great game already and it's only in early access!"
76561198080032755,Recommended,427520,24814665,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Doug86,"Seriously good game. Have lost days to it so far.If you like problem solving, planning and constuction, this is an absolute must."
,Recommended,427520,24132468,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Madolite,"My only criticism, after about 35h played, is that the world generator is a bit sloppy. You can adjust the random generation, but it's badly explained, and the actual world creation is too variable and general in its RNG. I.e. I think they could've done a much better job with the ""generation rules"", to converge all map generation to a similar starting point result. Many ""default-amount"" maps (medium amounts of everything) are literally unplayable because you're stuck on an island, resources are too scarce or enemies spawn too close (so you'll get attacked a bit too early).Thankfully, restarting the game will randomize a new world in seconds and, if you do this maybe 10-15 times at most, you'll eventually find a suitable location.So, what's the game itself like? Well, this is THE factory game out there. Incredibly deep with things to research and build. Also, being a manufacturing game, the game is an interesting puzzle when it comes to automating the construction of components like these massive mutli-step Rube Goldberg machines.The game is really addictive, there's tons to discover, tweak and improve (without having a too steep learning curve) and it's super fun if you love building things and to figure out how to optimize things etc.I'm absolutely recommending this game. Verdict - 9/10I'm also making my own Youtube series on this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMOMZKXnFh4"
76561197974459940,Recommended,427520,23938845,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cosmic,"Now this game isn't for everyone but hats off to Wube Software as you can try the demo to find out.Start off about how even if it's an early access game they have created a solid game. I think they pride themselves on how stable and optimized it is and I would be too in their shoes. Great job!I do hope they make it easier to host games as you do need to know how to forward ports on your router (but it is in the works).  Mutiplayer map syncing can take a bit as you'll notice after a few days of playing with others. Using Mods seem to be a hit or miss in multiplayer but sthey do extend the replay value of the game.Myself I can lose hours to redesigning areas for better efficencey or solving a self made issue while fighting off the bugs. Map options when you start a new map can take it from easy to hard depending how you use your resources and a bit of luck with the spawn locations. If you want to just take it easy and build they give you that option also, other wise it's just a mater of time as the bugs are comming =P"
76561198072913534,Recommended,427520,24076268,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Papa Bear,"This game is pretty much like what every otehr positive comment there is, Crack. you try it once and your not sure about it... but then the craving comes, you do it again and uh oh, your hooked no going back now. buy cracktorio at your own risk of losing most of a day... or four. (This game requires at least SOME smarts just a little.)"
,Recommended,427520,22883879,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Red Solis,"There once was a planet in a galexy far away that was peacefull and full of shiny rocks.........THEN one day this bob the builder lookin azz mofo decided he was too lazy to make everything by hand. He burned the forrests , created treadmills for miles , and killed the natives of that planet. The end.remember kids , if you crash land on another planet - be sure and create factories and screw the natives over.10/10 would exploit again"
76561198285189384,Recommended,427520,23557933,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,JasonW2004,when i launch it stops at 10% and errorssomeone tell how to fix
,Recommended,427520,21948094,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Fefe Johnson,"Factorio is a fantastic sandbox game where you can build and automate a factory. You start off on an alien planet, with nothing but a drill, a furnace, and enough iron plates to make a pickaxe. Forced to build things yourself, you slowly build your factory. Your start automating things, like iron plates and copper plates. Then you automate more things like ammunition for turrets or your weapons, but why do you need weapons? Well, the more your factory polutes the alien world, the more evolved the aliens become. They will attack your factory and you need to defend it. You might wall off a section of your factory, placing turrets behind the walls for defense, or you may go out and kill the well guarded alien spawners to stop them from spawning.Pro's-Can make you play for hours on end-Makes you think-Defense against evolving aliens-Automate anything you want to automate-Doesnt require a beafy computer (unless you are building a huge megabase)-Gives you freedom to do what you'd like to do-Very Refined (I haven't found one bug yet)-Tons of content (The game could have been released how it is now, even though its early access)-Mods (if you get bored of vanilla, there are tons of mods you can get)-MultiplayerNeutral's-GraphicsWhy neutral? Alot of people think that the graphics are ugly or arent that good, but I personally think that they look great.Con's-Tutorial'sWhile the game does have a few tutorials, they don't go into that much detail. When you start your first game after the tutorials you might not know what to doSummaryIf you like defense games and sandbox games, you will most definately like this game. It is well worth the price and I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,427520,27614505,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NickTheHip,"factorio is a great game. very satisfying and challenging, and requires very long term planning to succeed"
76561197966266126,Recommended,427520,22642024,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Thoola,"Suprisingly addicting. And time flies by, you can play chilled with little to no aliens. Or stressed with alot of em:PReally fun game."
,Recommended,427520,21715673,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,TheIndestructibleMushu,"Great game. Underrated, unfortunatly. Highly addicting and extremely fun. I definately recommend this game."
,Recommended,427520,23421893,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Elf,"""Oh, you don't like it when I steal your natural resources and pollute your home? TOO BAD, EAT A BULLET."""
76561198009314206,Recommended,427520,24261662,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,parks.85,"This game is amazing and extremely addictive. I often find myself daydreaming about what needs to be done next while at work or trying to sleep. If I'm not thinking about expanding my factory’s boundaries, I’m thinking on how to better structure it."
,Recommended,427520,25723870,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Black Kite,I have lost 20 Kg over the last day and a half due to feeding the factory rather than mysef.10/10 best weight loss program out there
,Recommended,427520,22292419,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Blueshirt,Oh this looks like a neat little game I wonder what oh god where did all the time in the day go
76561198038500302,Recommended,427520,25566023,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bastargre,Day 1:Build a solar-powered factory.Night 1:That was not a smart move.
,Recommended,427520,23564735,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Mazian,"To quote someone else in the Factorio Forums:Minimum Requirements: CuriosityRecommended Requirements: OCDUpdate 11/23After a conservative 800 hours of playtime, I finally feel qualified to review this game. Unfortunately, until you start dreaming about combinatory logic and assembler chains, you'd never understand. I'm still waiting for the alien planet to respond to my job application; I'd much rather be doing this job than the one I get paid to do.11/10 Would crash land on an alien planet and exterminate all indigenous life again."
,Recommended,427520,23448963,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Alovard,"I came across Factorio courtesy of following Markiplier on Youtube. Now honestly it failed to get my attention until he began oild production. At that point I was wanting a new game to kill some time at work during my lunches. So I went and grabbed the demo and after about two or three times through, I jokingly described it to my friends as a ""40k Forge World Simulator"".Then I bought the game, and found out how true this was. Maintaining ore feeds by multiple tram lines leading to coal, iron, copper, as well as oil bring brought back in barrels for large scale processing. The core of my base being fed by all machines to research the needed Science packs to unlock more machines. Turrets and robots aroudn the perimeter to keep out the locals.At the time of this review I am 40% completed on the freeplay object: Build a rocket and launch a satelite. I have diverted mass amounts of resources from research to the end game goal mainly due to the increasing hostility of the locals and higher level bases they are creating, making it hard to get close to them to use my tank and robots to clear them away. Constant alerts as mutants attempt to end my life before the rocket goes up.All in all, I will prevail. With my trusty tanks (yes tanks), combat drones, turrets, and my own personal arnaments I will hold my ground. Even as I type this the defenses are ringing thier macabre chorus of shells and laser bolts, with the ever chugging machine that is my home never stopping, never slowing. GLORY BE TO THE OHMNISSIAH AND HIS WORKS!"
,Recommended,427520,23591622,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dolche,"100% true story incoming..I play factorio with mods.I start a new game after being overrun by large biters and spitters.I set up basic function mines and automate red science packs.Look at the clock, time for bed.Two hours later now, my head is buzzing and whirring.. Planning...Should I do the mines like this?...What's the best way to set up processing?...Distribution...  Is it possible, or a pipe dream?How should I set up production?...!?!?I lay here in bed, writing this on my phone, as my sanity drains away slowly... The seconds and minutes creeping by,  work coming closer and closer... Should I even bother sleeping? Where's the NyQuil? Empty...I guess tonight is going to be a long night.....To think..  I thought the reviews were just funny.. Man was I wrong... They were foretelling what would happen to me!! Curses..."
,Recommended,427520,23059952,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sp2nal,This game is by far one of my favourite games on steam right now!Everything is awesome and probably is the best of its kind. I don't really know what to say other than it's a great game if you have absolutely no life!
76561198084206333,Recommended,427520,21831032,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mrwissan,"Alright, plain and simple. Like puzzles? Get the game. Like shooting aliens in the face? Get the game. Like trains? Get the game. Like shooting aliens in a maze of tracks on a train? Get the damn game already. Best 20 I've spent on a game in a long time. 11/10 Will run over aliens in tanks again."
,Recommended,427520,23668277,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,GodOfHyperdeath,Beautiful building sandbox game!
,Recommended,427520,28770013,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"Great relaxing game, for those with OCD, construction tendencies and a fondess for creating systems. Oh and you can kill stuff as well, once you find yourself in need of something to use your incridible complex ressource system for."
,Recommended,427520,21607758,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Kadins,"30 hours in (in 4 days) and I would have to say this game is the equivilent of a book you can't put down. It's one of those games you think about when not playing, trying to design more efficient factories and setups... And the train setup, it's amazing. This game could JUST be a train sim it's that good. But for real.... send help...... *gets distracted by conveyor belts*10/10"
76561198064596302,Recommended,427520,23689847,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,t('.'t),Warning: This game is VERY addictive. You can lose your life to this game
76561198034156176,Recommended,427520,22640294,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,DartMouth,"I didn't know what I was getting into when I bought this game. My 40 or so hours come from 4 or 5 days straight of playing. I look forward to coming back in a year when it's even better and doing it all over again! This game took the survival genre (which usually bores me pretty quickly) and turned one of the most tedious parts of that genre (collecting/crafting) and turned into a glorious puzzle that you slowly discover, build, and solve yourself! I was as little worried I wouldn't find it compelling enough, but I could NOT put this game for the life of me. Factorio may not be everyone's jam, but it will scratch itches you never knew existed!"
,Recommended,427520,22641218,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Gwailin,"Just bought it, played for four hours, and it is the best four hours I have ever played. Buy it, I will be playing more."
76561198088976502,Recommended,427520,25409625,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Whyteman,It's the game I have always wanted and more.
76561198074171051,Recommended,427520,21984749,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Semi-Trash,Instead of doing lines of cocaine now i'm doing lines of production.-10/10 money saver
,Recommended,427520,21987846,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bodhicitta,"Bought Factorio.Opened it.Figured out how to set my router up as a server to play with my cousin.*36 hours later*""I'm getting sleepy....but I just...have...to place... one more... conveyer belt.""HOLY F@#$ IT'S BEEN ALMOST 2 DAYS.10/10 would fall into time warp again."
76561198111773906,Recommended,427520,23623700,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sparckels,"-graphics: meh-genre: survival(meh)-first reaction: meh-20 minuets later: i don't think i can stop!-2 hours later: everything is so complecated... but i love it!-10 hours later: just keep building...just keep building...just keep building...just keep building...(i have a problem)-70 hours later: it's done, the rocket is done... wait, they added achievments...oh god not again-1 eterinity later: still will never be done with this game(multiplayer is so much better, but single player is still pretty addicting)"
,Recommended,427520,29459818,Posted: 24 January,all,❉Squirrel❉,If you like hardcore drugs you'll like this.
,Recommended,427520,22020113,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Fiyah,I have to use inserters to get me into bed.10/10 Would recommend to everyone (especially to factory workers).
,Recommended,427520,31677916,Posted: 10 May,all,PaperSamurai,Its a great addicting gameThe factory - the more complicated and larger it gets the better it gets
76561198036412587,Recommended,427520,31747071,Posted: 14 May,all,˻˹ALI˺˼,very fun! best played with friendsconstant need to increase productivity leads to loads of fun fighting to survive the alien biters attacksend games da bomb ;)
76561198028683538,Recommended,427520,31758913,Posted: 14 May,all,Bobby,More addictive than crack cocaine
,Recommended,427520,31089320,Posted: 11 April,all,Astrex,"Sometimes you just have to sit back, relax, and watch your factory work. What you have managed to create astounds you... and then you realize you could've spent those 5 seconds upgrading your factory. Get back to work."
,Recommended,427520,29414779,Posted: 21 January,all,Papa_Kissner,"1""Why the hell has power gone out?""2""There's a single power pole gone. Did you run it over?""Flashback to a few seconds ago, running through entire base with tank,1""Impossible."""
76561198084961980,Recommended,427520,22075975,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,|NeX| Revengeance,"Made a train. Wouldn't move. Fixed it. Immediately walked onto track. Run over by train game over 10/10 would get run over again.OK legit tho, this game is a black hole. I'm going to spend the next few hours making my base entirely dependent on robots and hook up another optimum solar farm with accumulators. I CAN'T STOP. THERE'S SO MUCH TO DO ITS RIDICULOUS"
,Recommended,427520,31408529,Posted: 27 April,all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,"This is one of those games you can ALWAYS PLAY; if your sick, at work, at school, asleep, doesn't matter, just set up some mining machines and you can play forever no matter where you are. This is truly one of my favourite games, and is worth the $20 easily.Oh, and probably the most useful advice I could give to new players is: press alt, it shows what everything is making and what everything has inside it."
,Recommended,427520,31034094,Posted: 9 April,all,[JP]流,"Game is teaching me Science, and that science gone too far."
,Recommended,427520,31809277,Posted: 17 May,all,The Rolling Gherkin,"We must satisfy the insatiable urge of the factory to grow, to consume minerals, to pollute the very earth on which we stand. It's hunger can never be quenched, it must always grow. It will never be satisfied.We must abide by its demands, inflate its ever expanding output to more and more advanced technology. It will never be satisfied.We must praise the factory, care for it, defend it against the never ending onslaught of those who seek it reclaim its riches. It will never be satisfied.We must refine the factory, improve it, increase its output to levels never before seen, the horizon will be naught but conveyor belts, and it will be good. It will never be satisfied.We are the factory, we are the answer, we are legion, for we are many, it will never be satisfied.It will never be satisfied."
,Recommended,427520,25397539,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Voodoo Pork,"Factorio is a game about designing a game you don't have to play. Automation is the key here, and you design a factory on a desolate planet to leave the game you're currently playing which at some point, if developed correctly, plays itself. It rewards ingenuity through sheer laziness, the hallmark of industrial civilization. Mining by hand takes too long, so you build a driller, which needs fuel, so you develop a system of automated feeding belt. You need other materials to make these, and the next thing you know it's 2 AM.I have actually no idea if this game is any good. It's compelling and addictive, but I don't know if I would call it ""good"" or ""fun"". You have to be a very specific type of person to ""get"" this, and I'm definitely that person, but I'm not sure if I have it in me to go the distance with this one. I garnered an unhealthy obsession with this title for more than 50 hours, and I left it mainly because I felt like I was playing but not progressing very far. It will draw you in like few other titles, and hours will melt away, for better or worse. You can spend hours chasing a problem to its source and then forget what you were originally trying to do.What the gameplay loop boils down to here is to solve a continually escalating series of problems you create with innovative solutions you design. This is a puzzle game at its core: how do you go from coal miner with a pickaxe to developing a rocket engine; the industrial revolution in microcosm. It's infuriating, challenging, time-consuming, and kind of brilliant.PROS:- Fair escalation of difficulty based on your own pace- Mentally challenging puzzles- Fascinating exploration of automation mechanics- Sandbox world allows experimentation- Extremely moddable (and recommended)Cons:- Needs a better tutorial, especially for rails, circuits, and blueprints.- Once you figure out an optimal solution you like, gameplay can become a tech tree grind- Fiddly, annoying interface at times- Overly complicated tech trees that don't show progression very well.- Difficult to correct crtical errors early in game- Defense from enemy mobs is a chore- Large maps are annoying to navigate on foot"
,Recommended,427520,25055893,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Joorka,Never have I felt so proud of what I've created in a game. Spending 2 hours on a huge and efficient factory feels so satisfying and rewarding when you're done.
,Recommended,427520,21648281,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,FacePlus,Now only if you could go to space...DO IT OR SO GOD HELP ME...
,Recommended,427520,27598939,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reznor,Build a factory. Make all the things.
76561198146535730,Recommended,427520,22228875,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MonkeyActio,"This is purely a would you recommend this game, it used to be not recommended but the mod portal really fixed it for me. Its a really good mod portal in game. Really excited for the future of the game.Pros:1. Game is really fun with friends.2. Game is fairly cheap3. Mods are super easy to install and run without any 3rd party software.4. Amazing Mod portal in game, its super good.5. easy to update mods in game. -Super good6. Devs really care about the game.7. Very addicting.8. very fun to watch your factory run, very little lag even when watching the whole thing.Cons:1. Joining a multiplayer game is still difficult (sometimes) but much much easier since update.2. Playing by yourself can be really really boring (depending on how you play, mods help).3. No invite system for having friends join.4. Little in the way of mods by version, meaning some compatibility issues (this is really a minor issue as the mod portal fixed alot of this, alot of the mods are getting updated).5. The community around the game will rip into you if they disagree with you, this doesnt allow the Devs to get honest feedback. (this does not apply to the Devs, they are cool)Edit: Wow slindenau, you are correct. congrats. I love how everyone reads this and thinks I hate this game. I love this game very much and play it for hours on end. I do love how on consoles people are all friendly and you get on PC and everyone freaks out just because they don't agree with you. calm down people the game is in PreRelease. Also anyone that isn't constructive on new people joining factorio or looking to as in the below suggestions or offers of help will be deleted. Keep it friendly guys."
,Recommended,427520,22328176,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lighty_46,
,Recommended,427520,23339277,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mraadx,"This is the first game that I bought at full price because I want to support the developer for creating this awesome masterpiece. It even runs well at my GT 630m Laptop.Make sure you have full control on your gaming habit or this game will affect your health and real life.""let's just play for another 10 minutes I have work tomorrow... let me build another mine in here... HOLLY COW it's 5AM!"""
76561198042692984,Recommended,427520,23403981,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mister_Meddler,I love this game for the relaxation and catharsis I get from managing a little factory on a hostile alien world.
,Recommended,427520,23518981,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SergyP,"This game is awesome, and getting better by the minute. Even in its early access state Factorio is fully playable and the developers are constantly improving it and adding new features. Highly recomendable"
76561198048473831,Recommended,427520,23643445,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mooshie,"Started out mining stone with my bare hands, now I'm watching as my swarm of automated robots build a rocket for me."
76561198112168053,Recommended,427520,24671159,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheNightmare,Hello id like to make a request!Can you add steam multiplayer? Plz?EDIT: Thank you so much for adding it. You are the best game creators in the entire world!!!Edit 2: lovely game but the campaign is a bit too hard... Well i still love​ the game.
76561197993409465,Recommended,427520,24683976,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,p0xy,Moar!
76561198052166516,Recommended,427520,24911446,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MinestoPix,It's simply the best.Better than all the rest.Better than anything.Anything I ever played.
76561198025165191,Recommended,427520,24926269,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,zjwillie,Holy hell this game is brilliant!
,Recommended,427520,24935693,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[SF]Chanyman,"My first review! There you go!I'm a big fan of this sort of stuff. In Minecraft, I always played modded versions with Buildcraft and Industrial Craft, and this game satisfies those cravings on so many levels. I have pretty much been playing this game non-stop. With about 30 hours on 1 save, I have these insights:The game is quite challenging and enjoyable. It's easy to loose yourself into developing your factory further, and the maps are very customisable.After a while, the tech tree becomes a little bit bland, but otherwise has a clear progression. You can't really enhance a lot of your existing tech so much as upgrade some new parts and stuff, which is  shame because it would be awesome if you could follow more tech trees.Over all I'd give this game a 30/48 hours! Its a fantastic game and would recommend to anyone who likes crafting, construction or base building!"
76561198153191743,Recommended,427520,24948921,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,lkl112,"Why don't you own this game? Why are you even in the review section? I tried looking for a bad review too. You won't find one. This game has the community of Kerbal, addictiveness of Civ V, management of Rollercoaster Tycoon, Zerg-ish aliens, and the AFK punishment of any good RTS. The aliens are far from your worst enemy however. 99% of death is from being hit by your trains.There's a free demo too."
,Recommended,427520,24951540,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Peksy,It's in alpha and has ridiculously many features. Can't wait til it gets to beta
,Recommended,427520,24956146,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,unusualcrow,Factorio or: How I Learned To Stop Wasting Energy And Love Planning
76561198035966204,Recommended,427520,24967771,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,JRS,"Great game. Endgame is still a work in progress, but I loved it up till then."
,Recommended,427520,24978025,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Puru,"I bought this game because I saw people playing it.And I couldn't really stop ever since.Even though it is a bit overwhelming at first, it gets rather interesting later on.Managing resources, space, transport, energy, enemy attacks.....Okay I lied, it gets worse... it can get panic-inducing really quick.""Do I have enough resources to keep producing ***?""""How much time until my emissions reach the big red spot on the map?""""GOD HOW MUCH SPACE DO I NEED TO PRODUCE THOSE BLUE SCIENCE PACKS? I NEED THEM FOR WEAPON AND ARMOR RESEARCH TO DESTROY ALL THOSE BASES SURROUNDING ME, PLEASE, I DON'T WANT TO LOSE EVERYTHING I WORKED SO HARD ON""In that regard, this game is like Stockholm syndrome pressed into a game.Even though I know aliens will♥♥♥♥♥♥over everything I created in a heartbeat at some point,it's still fun to work to that point.One day, I will surpass this point.... one day...."
,Recommended,427520,24984000,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,JimboHostetler,"I didn't want to like this game...  What a boring idea, do something enough that you can automate it?  But holy crap is it fun and addicting!  It takes some brain power and attention to detail, but it's very rewarding."
76561198288737855,Recommended,427520,25026284,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ChibaPet,"This game is ridiculously fun. I've just started getting into multi-train railroads and I've realized I can mow down aliens in a tank. What's not to like? In addition to the simple pleasure of playing, this game makes me think about resource development in the real world, and the visceral drive for expansion even as we try to escape from the chains of fossil fuels.Wasn't on sale when I bought it. Would buy it again, as it's worth more than what they're charging. Fantastic game."
,Recommended,427520,24946221,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Carlos Danger,"I'm going to die here, on this evil little hellscape of a planet. My laser defenses are down because there's no solid fuel for the boilers powering the steam engines because the chemical plants have no light oil to work with because the refineries shut down because the petroleum gas has backlogged the pipes because plastic is being overproduced because science packs aren't being made because there aren't any advanced circuits because electronic circuits are being stolen from advanced circuit assemblers by inserter assemblers because there aren't enough copper cables to make the electronic circuits because the furnaces supplying copper got stuck on some iron because I overlooked a single square of iron when I placed my drills.10/10 would get bitten again."
76561198037271551,Recommended,427520,24949457,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ashkante,"Simply amazing game. Really scratches that engineering itch.It's still in Early Access, but it's a full-fledged game and the devs are constantly adding stuff and improving it.Would recommend if you like puzzles, strategy and simulation, all rolled into one."
,Recommended,427520,31526691,Posted: 3 May,all,TheDisreputableKitten,10/10 would tear up my factory and make a new one again
76561198086831826,Recommended,427520,25136613,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,stettafire,Only ever experienced one crash with this game and that was with experimental updates turned on. Very fun and challenging game. All about logistics and automation.
76561198031128730,Recommended,427520,21544109,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,BarryChuckle,Turns out my social life or education isnt automated. Factorio needs to patch these in ASAP
,Recommended,427520,21698826,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Retrogamepak,"I've barely played any other game since I've gotten this; I've barely done anything.  For years I've been looking for a game like this, almost none has come close to this. If you wanna build a bigass complicated factory this is the game for you.As someone who exclusively buys games on sale, pay full price; this masterpiece ♥♥♥♥ing worth it.Forget Minecraft and uninstall Tekkit, this is the best game about mining. Period."
,Recommended,427520,32661306,Posted: 22 June,all,TheAntiSocialButterfly,"THIS GAME IS HIGHLY ADICTIVE. I got this game with my friends a few days ago and the next thing i knew i have no friends, no family, and no life..... all that doesnt matter now..... my factory is more efficient......."
,Recommended,427520,28994007,Posted: 3 January,all,Hydra Dominatus,"This is the only game that really satisfy my OCD for efficient systems.That being said, I have nothing but praise for this game : It's just so incredibly satisfying to make virtual factories and constantly find new ways to make it more efficient. Not only that but the game also looks very good, so I'm always zooming out everynow and then to watch the latest addition to my factory and enjoy the sight of my mechanicaly living and breathing factory. All thoses inserters, conveyor belts, trains, etc working together is nothing short of amazing to witness.No other game makes me want to plan my ideas on AutoCAD for ""fun"" before implementing them in game, that's saying something.If you too suffer from some sort of OCD about efficiency you should definitely buy this game, it's cheaper and more satisfying than therapy.If making complex, intertwined systems give you a hard on, boy, you're in for a ride.And if you played other building games (like Space Engineers or Besiege) for the sole purpose of making complicated systems, you'll find here a very solid alternative while being far less punishing for computers who aren't top of the line.I'd like to add that the devs keep giving this game constant updates, that plus the incredible replayability (and it's moddable too), more than make up for the mere 20€ asked for such a great game."
76561198062429878,Recommended,427520,26753060,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Zenovia,"Poor that razrobochiki to change in course in online play would make it to the server when you create Shoal through Steam, and I with a friend to play can not, the server is there but they have either flogged or redundant fashion and does not go there without whipped but there's at Play and lag, and so the game just do super"
,Recommended,427520,26065031,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dandy Randy,when did it turn 4am
,Recommended,427520,33283577,Posted: 5 July,all,ToastyJ,Factorio is everything that someone who loves automating and building systems would love. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,427520,25053186,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Immabird,"If you love micro-managing a gigantic production line factorio is the game for you. Also there are aliens who try to disturbe you while you work, they are primarely there so you can test out your lazor turrits and run their homes over with a tank. 10/10 would factorio again."
,Recommended,427520,24717030,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DEVOBEL,The Best Sandbox Singleplayer/Multiplayer game i played for a Long time.An Easy to learn but hard to Master game.Pros:High PerformanceEasy to LearnTinkering around to solve proplems does not get boring (atleast for me)Lots of Hours can be put into the vanilla game.Modding support!And a good Developer team.Cons:Multiplayer is still developing (you can feel that if you are playing online)But thats all. Its a great game you should try out once. (Just download the Demo)
76561198030784556,Recommended,427520,24720842,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lonerock,"Best $20 I've spent on a game ever. Sure its in need of a great UI designer, as teh key commands are kinda klunky, but thats the only quibble. Awesome fun."
,Recommended,427520,22297300,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Cr4zy,I CANT STOP PLAYING THIS GAME. HELP.
76561198110543319,Recommended,427520,21800639,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,jakubnech,"A really well made and thought through game, it's a really stable early access game which has alot of potential and i am sure it will improve even more as the time goes.This game is the type of game that'll make you have many hours of fun and always come back for more, it is really worth the buy.Also, most accurate human simulator out there..."
,Recommended,427520,21699335,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Max,This game is well made and really addictive. Totally recomend it ;)
,Recommended,427520,33194382,Posted: 3 July,all,Mahgeetah,"Easy to get yourself into, and even easier to get addicted. There's a reason it's the highest rated non-Valve game, and that's because there's nothing wrong with it (unless you post a negative review because you never liked simulation games to begin with).Favorite thing about the game: Quite possibly the only Early Access game available right now that is continuously updated and bug-fixed by the developers. I'm talking 1-2 a week. Plus, they're active on their forums and Reddit, and don't plan to stop any time soon.If you think you'll like this game, you will. You won't regret it.P.S. Not going on sale any time soon, if ever. No reason to not get it now."
,Recommended,427520,22920272,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Tamloo,"Very addicting game and great to play with friends in a co-op factory. Lots of things that you can do and automate and many different strategies and improvements can be used to keep the factory running in tip-top condition. It took me about 37 hours to ""finish"" my first multiplayer factory (launching the rocket with the satellite). The only complaints I have about the game are two things. 1) When I craft a pipe-to-ground I wish that it would not use my existing normal pipes. And 2) there needs to be more oil either on the map and/or in the reserves. Running out of oil (or possibly my misunderstanding) is very taxing on the factory and will halt science production and building the rocket as it uses various liquids to build certain products needed to keep advancing and to keep many things in the factory running.Despite being ran over by my own train several times and losing very important resources and products, I would highly recommend this game. Well worth the price I paid ($20)!"
,Recommended,427520,33511797,Posted: 13 July,all,Kold,"The best $25 anyone interested in programming, microcontrollers or complex systems anyone could spend. Unless they were buying more Arduinos and parts."
,Recommended,427520,23015376,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,{DP} rjames,"This game has met and exceeded expectations, and the dev team is regularly updating and making improvements!"
76561198067472088,Recommended,427520,31616600,Posted: 7 May,all,Mr. Steel Yo' Grill,A game that's as simple or as complex as you want it to be.
,Recommended,427520,24984771,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SnackyMan,so much fun!!!
,Recommended,427520,31692814,Posted: 11 May,all,Chill,Dont think about it if you like resource management games
,Recommended,427520,29511381,Posted: 26 January,all,Brayzen,This game has so much to do. Optimizing and redesigning is addicting in order to achieve top performance. I strongly recommend this for anyone who wants a laidback game to sink many hours into.
76561198203795260,Recommended,427520,21493796,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,m.mill3085,cool game and awesome building very innoative for a game.
76561198011388424,Recommended,427520,30618313,Posted: 19 March,all,wikey9,"Have you ever played Simcity and found yourself maximizing the efficiency of every single tile? Does your Stardew Valley farm look like a Monsanto operation? Have you ever set up a giant automatic mob farm in Minecraft and sat at the bottom, laughing at the universe that hangs helplessly around you, begging for mercy from your logistical prowess?You will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,427520,21566543,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,i59,"Amazingly fun and addictive game, big props to the devs!"
,Recommended,427520,26788892,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skaboomatude,10/10Would♥♥♥♥♥♥off the natives and destroy their planet for resources again.
,Recommended,427520,21494330,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zavage,"I would hate to compare this to minecraft since Factorio is almost an entirely different experience, But for the sake of argument for someone who has never heard of Factorio, Imagine starting off in minecraft collecting resources manually (that's basically where the similarities end) but almost immediately you drop that pickaxe and you start building drills and machines powered by coal or use water sources for electricity to collect resources automatically (coal, iron, copper) and conveyor belts and robotic arms to transfer them to either be melted or simply stored.As you consume resourses faster and faster and as your factory gets bigger and bigger you and your creations are endangered by inhabitants in the planet that just want to kill you, and destroy your♥♥♥♥♥♥Build turrents, make weapons, destroy the ecosystem, and suck the planet dry of every natural resource.I can't stop playing, 10/10. The game does a remarkable job in teaching you the simple steps but the campaign is such a small fragment of the bigger experience."
,Recommended,427520,21492848,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ammy,eats up your time like civ v but unlike civ v it stays fun even after marathoning for 15 hours straight.
,Recommended,427520,22236371,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Eleventh Doctor,"An amazing game for people that are into automating work, surviving, micro managing and such. It has an Incredibly high addiction risk, I got the game about 4 days ago (03.30.16) and am already at 32.4 hours in gameplay time. I can only recommend this game :)"
76561198077977260,Recommended,427520,25020196,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Matmanps2,"I don't normally take the time to give games a rating on steam but holy crap you need to get this game. Don't let the Early Access part scare you, the game is rather complete and I am pretty sure they are just adding new things.Multiplayer is a hassle to connect but it is really fun playing with someone else.The only thing I would change is the science pack icons, I call them potions as it stands.10/10 would automate this review next time"
,Recommended,427520,25026238,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,13lizzy,"So far, make sure you dont have any stupid pestering life people by you. Second, if you have ever played Tekkit for Minecraft, it is next to exact for it. I know the majority of what I am doing because of Tekkit.Please buy this game and enjoy.Creating a multiplayer match was a small hassle, but nothing impossible. Hamachi works best, port forwarding is a last resort deal."
,Recommended,427520,25266373,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,A great game for building your factory dreams. Even better when played with friends!
76561198050846278,Recommended,427520,24539428,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Jive Turkey,I don't play anymore cause I could not stop the first day I played it..... It's more of a problem how addicting it is.I should say not recommended because of how addicting it is
,Recommended,427520,21782566,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,koomorang,Logistics isn't boring to me anymore! :)
,Recommended,427520,29155867,Posted: 9 January,all,Syrup Sandwiches,"""We Need More ____"" Simulator.10/10Definitely one of the best investments I have ever made in gaming. I usually go by the rule that I should get an hour of gameplay per each dollar that I spend on the game. Given I have already put in 65 hours into the game in little more than one week, I would say it was more than worth the money I paid for it. Most of my friends who own the game already have more than 100-200 hours played.I loved this game so much, I bought it for my friend to play with me and he loved it.I watched a few YouTube videos on the game before I bought it and every video had a very complex base I never would have been able to make.Your factory starts off very simple and bare. But you need certain items to research and advance so you build a small factory to make the items for you. Eventually you wind up with a gigantic factory that you zoom out and look at every once in a while and begin to wonder how you even built it.Don't be afraid to play the tutorial or watch a YouTube video to learn how to play.And the game has a demo so you literally have no reason to not try the game out.I give this game a 10/10 because I believe there's no other game that should get your $20 but this one.BUY THE GAME.GET THE DEMO IF YOU ARE SKEPTICAL"
,Recommended,427520,25624412,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ｐｅｔｅｒ •  Ｍｏｎ,Amazing Game. Must play
,Recommended,427520,34148364,Posted: 10 August,all,Riddlewrong,"I'm leaving a positive review, because I did getsomeenjoyment out of the game, but I really wish I could give it aneutralrating. I'll explain.I bought the game and sunk about 50 hours into it so far. I really liked the gameplay at first, and things seemed challenging but reasonable.Getting to the end of the game is just research, so it's really just automating all the material components to make the 'science vials' of a particular color to pump into labs en masse. Of course, each new color of ""science"" requires an increasingly convoluted setup to automate.Once I got over the learning curve of automation efficiency (and how to design for future needs) I started to feel like I was a rabbit in a lab chasing carrots on sticks. Good job getting the red carrot, now jump through these hoops and get a greeeen one. Oooh. I got to the point where I was producing red, green, blue, black and purple. Just one more carrot away from the end... but I couldn't force myself to continue.I was burnt out once I got that purple drank. The very thought of extending a new production chain for the yellow vial just annoyed me to no end. I started to wander around putting it off, wondering if there was somethingfunI could do instead.The aliens in the game serve as unwitting antagonists in your industrial adventure, but they were barely in the back of my mind for the entire playthrough. Every so often, the aliens will get closer and closer to your base by building small bases of their own. It happens constantly -- to a point. They'll never build one directly in 'aggro' range of your structures, but the assumption is that you'll be polluting enough that your pollution cloud will reach their bases (which are often pretty close) and thus aggravate them and cause them to evolve and become stronger with passing time.However...My base generated very low pollution -- I had a solar field the size of a small country, so the aliens had very little interest in my main compound or any of its satellite facilities. If you don't produce much pollution, the game is almost entirely uneventful. Despite the fact that I was completely surrounded by countless alien spawners, they rarely ever attacked me. Over the course of the game, I probably shot a total of around 50 aliens with turrets. I personally only witnessed it happening twice. I was always miles away with my conveyor belts. Fiddling. There was only one alien camp close enough to get slightly tickled by my fumes, and I never had a need to go out and personally shoot them myself.So I decided I'd procrastinate from crafting the final yellow research vial and go see what these aliens were about. What if they were behind everything this whole time!? What a twist, I thought. The aliens made me build a VERY implausible factory for no reason, didn't they? I marched out onto the battlefield with my gun in hand. I'd get some answers, I thought. They didn't want to talk, so I resorted to some assault rifle diplomacy.Either way, I shot up one of their little bases and felt a slight sense of accomplishment. My radar network informed me that there were like 8000 more on the map, though, and I wondered if there was any reason to even go outside my walls. I had plenty of resources in safe areas, and my wandering outside didn't reveal anything of interest. There was nothing to discover, no events, no interesting scenery, lore, or anything that I could justify exploring for. Soon, I would produce the yellow vial and with it, rocket off this planet never to return.Best to just stay at home and craft that yellow vial....Yup..I sure will...<_<>_>"
,Recommended,427520,21932358,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Optymystical,"I don't usually write reviews, but this game deserves one.Factorio is an Ore Mining, Alien Defense, Crafting King mashup of a game.It's base idea is; You crashed, you must mine coal, copper, iron, and drill oil, and somehow make a rocket to escape.Easy? Nope.One single play session will take AT LEAST 12 hours, that's if you're speeding and have high resources. In a normal game, it will take anything from 12-XX hours to complete.It looks EXTREMELY COMPLICATED, but it isn't, it's all about ""Take ores here, craft stuff, get item.""You could technically play this without ANY automation, but where's the fun in that?Sorry for the rather broken review, I'm not good at writing these.TL:DR;Great game, not as complicated as it looks, has more hours playable than most 60$ games I know, and has Zerglings (Biters)."
76561198125912167,Recommended,427520,33102911,Posted: 1 July,all,thedoctor120,10/10must have
,Recommended,427520,33285889,Posted: 5 July,all,valbreker,"its just an awsome game if u like building a factory, just play the demo, i cant describe it."
,Recommended,427520,33810225,Posted: 26 July,all,VideoStorm,Entered the game started with a coal mine got to a big factory in 2 minutes. *Checks time* Oh I didn't see that I got to a big factory in 13h. I just wasted all my time for exams playing this. Great game 10/10
76374656454653456,Recommended,427520,24800839,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Kang of Canada,It's pure cocaine!
76561198242050690,Recommended,427520,23030084,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,commandergecko2,"Well worth the price, this game will hook you for hours by always presenting an incentive to expand your factory and to continually increase its production rates.  Before you know it, you're looking back at an efficient, sprawling factory with dozens of intricate parts all working together - which was entirely designed by you!  The bottom line is that Factorio is a seriously satisfying game with significant replayability due to the fact that no two factories are alike."
,Recommended,427520,34319171,Posted: 17 August,all,chasemuss,This game is highly addictive. I've spent way too much time on it and have loved every minute
76561198143293935,Recommended,427520,34378697,Posted: 20 August,all,Smith3,"Great game! You can lose a hole day to this game its so fun and addicting that it just eats up time. ""ill just be on for 5 min-..5 hours later"""
,Recommended,427520,34048608,Posted: 5 August,all,Sven Viking,"Essentially SpaceChem as a sandbox survival game. Campaign is fairly good at introducing you to intimidating features gradually without being a boring hand-holding tutorial. Smelt steel and build programmable automated railway systems etc. while occasionally fighting aliens.Brilliant game, unusually well made, lots of features. Highly recommended.-P.S. I don't recommend waiting for a cheaper price as I'm not sure it ever goes on special. The demo should give you a fairly good idea of whether it's your type of game."
,Recommended,427520,34380345,Posted: 20 August,all,YurBoiRene,made thousands of robots to make more robots 9/10 needs more iron
,Recommended,427520,33785498,Posted: 25 July,all,Razzle,"There's a reason why they call it Cracktorio.If the idea of trying to perfect a mechanism to the point where it is perfectly autonomous tickles your satisfaction kink, then good luck with this, you'll be chasing that kink for hours/days/months on end.You'll always have something to build, something to modify, something to defend and somewhere to expand.The game does have a bit of a learning curve, but with the introduction of tutorials, as well as a super helpful community, you'll be cranking out large scale factories and losing hours of sleep in no time.10/10 would overload my mind with factory combinations and path planning again."
,Recommended,427520,32884603,Posted: 27 June,all,Simsmax,"Excelent game, addictive and very fun! perfect to play alone or with friends.The game doesn't feel like an Early Access game at all!A masterpiece of building/crafting/management."
,Recommended,427520,23180906,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Bunta Fujiwara | CapN_Cook,Make your inner OCD go nuts and create your own big factory!From all the Early access game's I've bought this one is the best one by far!They make regular updates and there are a sh!t ton of mods for to make your game even more fun and harder!11/10
00200220020220202,Recommended,427520,22637913,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SUPER SANIC 2.0,I recommend this game to ANYONE. If you have $20 GET THIS GAME.
,Recommended,427520,26336153,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jenilya,"One of the best games on Early Access at the moment.Factorio is a fun and creative concept. It starts out innocent enough with you mining resources by hand with you eventually having machines doing everything for you. The satisfaction you get when you have a massive base that is fully automated is wonderful.The game is as complex or as simple as you make it. You can keep your designs simple and efficent, or do elaborate and complex designs that make people's heads spin. It is really up to you, which makes the game easily accessible for anyone. It can take a minutes to learn the basics but once you do you are all set.If you are into any sort of resource management game then this is a definite purchase even at its base price, and it is a steal on sale. It's extremely relaxing and fun. It is easy to pick up and play, then drop whenever you need to stop. Not to mention the fun of co-op with a few friends. My only warning is it is very easy to lose yourself for several hours in this game."
76561198169906278,Recommended,427520,25619693,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Sapphire,this game make me think in places i did not even know i hadover all great game#remakeinfirstpersonany one that like building and thinking get the game
,Recommended,427520,34943371,Posted: 13 September,all,Tegiminis,"it's so easy to fall down the rabbit hole of factory optimizations and economies of scale and correct ratios and distribution efficiency.it's so worth it. best economy sim i've ever played, besides maybe dwarf fortress. servers, mods, scenarios, and procgen mean you could devote your life to this game, if you wanted to."
,Recommended,427520,34916341,Posted: 13 September,all,fxi2025,over 600h played and still enjoying every second.
76561198004686757,Recommended,427520,34887087,Posted: 11 September,all,Trim,"I've played 115 hours so I feel duty bound to give it a recommend; the devs deserve it, but my heart isn't in it.It's a nice concept well executed, but I came to find it uninspiring and frustrating. It's probably true to say that the game is a challenge, but it's basically the same challenge repeated over and over again. As you progress, you get different ways of dealing with it (not all of which I've explored, I'll admit), but that's as much excitement as it gets.Try the freebe demo, and imagine this multiplied up a hundred or thousand times doing endless research, using enough resources so each patch in turn runs out, with fiercer enemies (but only finitely fiercer - they stop getting worse after a bit) and you'll have a fair idea of what the game conisists of."
,Recommended,427520,34576479,Posted: 29 August,all,MartyPG13,"This is the greatest game ever created. It's super well optimised for an early access game (it'll even run on my work laptop - installed just for testing purposes you understand, boss).I haven't had a game keep me up till the early hours of the morning without even realising it in years - hours evaporate in the game without noticing it, it's just that absorbing.Everything hangs well together in the UI, although some things like raw resources reserves could use better information panels and sometimes it's not obvious why factories and other buildings have stopped producing - but given it's early access these minor gripes are forgivable.This would be my desert island game without a doubt."
76561198066267992,Recommended,427520,34758113,Posted: 5 September,all,k800ic,World of Warcraft was defined as World of Warcrack............Factorio will therefore be named FacWhereDidMyTwohoursgo.
76561198050127809,Recommended,427520,34648366,Posted: 31 August,all,Hartgebackener Zwieback Mann,"I´ll start off with the cons:- Where did the last 8 Hours go?- Did i eat for the last 8 Hours ? Dont think so- Did i drink for the last 8 Hours? Cant remember, prob no- Did i went to the fkin Bathroom in the last 8 Hours ?♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit noPros:- You hear your Conevyor Belts when you try to sleep.10/10"
76561198362530080,Recommended,427520,34837169,Posted: 9 September,all,FullHam23,"This is, in my opinion, probably the best strategie, recource management, sandbox game out there. It has a lot of content and you can loose whole days playing it trough only one time. If you like strategy and sandbox I would definitely reccomend this game to you.Positive:- basically pure strategie- one of the most mod friendly games- very community friendly- adjustable and very good controls- multiplayer- menu is clear structured and not cluttered with useless info- good tutorial for beginners- it has some puzzles- nice sound desing- you can play it on a potatoNeutral:- no story (this is a sandbox game so story isnt the main aspect of it anyways)Negative:- i cant actually think of anything negativeThis is one of those games, where you feel the love that has gone into it. And it has continuous support. Bugs get fixed fast and the devs keep the community section alive.A really well made game.- 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,34413905,Posted: 22 August,all,Pigger,"Honestly the patch notes alone make this gem worth while. The dev gives remarkably detailed explanations of game mechanics, ideas for furture patches, and the process for creating the current patches.The game itself is a masterpiece, even in it's current state and has only been getting better. No hand holding, no insulting the player's intelligence. A simple premise with complexe tools and the freedom to play how you want.Most importantly this game has two aspects most survival games don't:a) Genuine danger, the aliens everywhere, they are growing, and they will notice you.b) An actual end goal, you are going to need a LOT of infrastructure if you want to get off this planet sometime this year.Add on the recent ability to ramp difficulty up with higher research costs and material costs and you get a flexible experience with limitless replayability.Hero of steam."
76561198051049980,Recommended,427520,34380426,Posted: 20 August,all,Pfannkuchen,"I've just ""finished"" a 30 hour game and the first thing I did was think, 'ok, how can I halve my time?'. I also played peaceful with rich resources - there is literally SO much more for me to achieve (complex train networks, defences, outposts) and I can't wait to start my next play-through.I say ""finished"" because can you ever really complete Factorio? Any seasoned player knows that there is ALWAYS something else to improve, always a belt that needs more throughput, always more power to generate.If you're a fan of non-linear sandbox games which have no right way of playing, you will adore this game. For £15.00 (I can't remember how much I bought it for) it's a steal really for the amount of time you get out of it. Don't be put off by the learning curve or looking at other players' huge factories. Take it at your own pace and find your favourite ways of building. It receives regular meaningful updates and I don't think in my 160+ hours of play that I have experienced one crash.Just remember, you can never have enough iron."
76561198090507393,Recommended,427520,34893654,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"If you want to see extreme industrial works, then this is the game for you. Factorio is a game were you land on a planet filled with life and resources, and it is your job to harvest the resources, and your two biggest enemies will be wiring the machines and treads, and the wild life, the wretched wild life will attack you if you pollute the map too much, and they come in swarms, and with each kill, they adapt to the weapon that killed them. But the game may take awhile to set up. Mine resources, research new tech, and finally, you will contruct a rocket when ready to leave. Simple isn't it? Well setting up the machines may prove to be a challenge and when resources dry up you'll need to set up somewhere else and start over the process. So if you love nature, I recommend this game for its dedication to planet life, and how to crush it."
76561198046854719,Recommended,427520,33657427,Posted: 19 July,all,Xeypher,"Don't let the graphics fool you, play this game a couple hours and you'll be hooked. I put off getting this game for waaay longer than I should've.Outstanding gameplay with lots of replayability and good updates. Also has mods that are easy to download from directly in-game so you can tailor you experience however you want.Even though it's labeled ""early access"" it plays and handles like a fully finished game. Haven't run into any bugs with 115 hours played so far.Bottom line: If you're thinking about getting this game, JUST GET IT!!! Future you will thank me."
,Recommended,427520,33750700,Posted: 23 July,all,Kalkune,One of the best games because it's $20.00 and not $19.99 or things like that. It only costs dollars and no cents.
,Recommended,427520,34979141,Posted: 15 September,all,shazmo,"Takes some time to get into, but it's definetly worth it, even so early in it's development stage!"
76561198152242425,Recommended,427520,33641697,Posted: 18 July,all,andreim.damian,One of the most enjoyable games I played in the past few years. If you like sandbox games this is a definite must have.
76561198149721927,Recommended,427520,30688575,Posted: 23 March,all,Shoey,"If you decide to slip into the void that is factorio please heed my warning. The phrase ""just 5 more minutes"" has never been better exemplified by a game to my knowledge. I havent had this game for more than a few months and already I have amassed what I deem a considerable amount of time played. I found myself being pleasantly suprised by the game's mechanics, small and large, and felt like the Factorio team truly cares about the fluidity of their game. An excellent purchase through and through."
,Recommended,427520,29594065,Posted: 30 January,all,Zoofhouse,After over 100 hours in this game I can confidently say it is well worth the $20. Anybody who enjoyed tech mods in Minecraft that automated stuff would absolutely love this game. 10/10
76561197977667818,Recommended,427520,33331859,Posted: 6 July,all,mitthrawn,Steampunk SimCity with some huge (micro)management. Highly recommended for people who like to optimize stuff.
76561198035601517,Recommended,427520,23013457,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Redhawk_uk,"Built simple automatic mining system for iron, copper and coal decided its time to take a break but found myself 20 hours later with a massive factory of automation creating weapons of mass destruction while another factory creates science to research more weapons of mass destructions, with pollution so extreme, China called to get advice. Corpses of the natives lined the walls showing that my human ""explorer"" side was effectivly in play."
,Recommended,427520,23012468,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[DONGER] Loolwut420,"Pictures don't do this game justice. My friend wanted me to play this with him, I looked at pictures and thought it wasn't my type of game. He kept pressuring me to try it so I downloaded the demo, after playing a couple of the intro missions I bought the game and then put like 50 hours into it the first week.Will suck you into the world of Factorio.Multiplayer works while kind of wonky in this stage. P2P seems to only work between 2 clients, but not 3. Once you do get connected it is very stable and seemingly lag free for the most part."
76561197963327201,Recommended,427520,21677979,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jhyrok,Factorio I found a good learning curve that allows you to explore the mechanics of the game.( I did have to tube for a little help). But once you have the basicis down the technology and fun increase.Seen the steam engine work harder when you pull more current out of the electrical system is fantastic.I very much enjoy just watching the machines work happily along.Worth every cent!J :D
,Recommended,427520,25746263,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ninja Ferret,"If you think you will like this game, play the demo. The full version is a lot more of that.It is one of the best games I own."
76561197998458634,Recommended,427520,31421728,Posted: 28 April,all,cluegiver,"If you like big, fat 1980s CEO lines of cocaine, you might also enjoy Factorio.Shove your money into the dev's money hole and stay up all night making things efficient as ♥♥♥♥.  You'll be glad you did.428/10. Efficiency is life."
,Recommended,427520,34667426,Posted: 1 September,all,MunKy,This is the most addictive game i've played in a long time!!
76561198272047892,Recommended,427520,22293345,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nick_Npc,"This game is the best game I have... it takes your time up and before you konw it , it has been 3 hours playing this game. It is so fun you really do not take your eyes off of it. GET THIS GAME !!!"
,Recommended,427520,21507296,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,pulse,This really spergs my autism glands.
,Recommended,427520,24542586,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,A_Dimwitted_Tree,"Cracktorio is love, cracktorio is life"
,Recommended,427520,25075879,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,CrushU,"Great game, I keep forgetting what time it is... Making automatic factories to take iron, copper, and oil, then make solar panels and laser weaponry. Super fun."
76561198121222309,Recommended,427520,30949807,Posted: 4 April,all,Credible Gaming,This game is awesome. It has a slight learning curve that is overcome easily with the senario campaign which is sort of a tutorial. The Campaign will give you great ideas in building your factory and how to overcome the alien threat. Alltogether it is awesome and I highly recomend other peaple give it a try or look up videos of gameplay.
76561197964866568,Recommended,427520,22871966,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"I thought it's not worth so much cash, but I spent 11 hours straight ingame just after I bought it.This game is addictive and so complex, that it will give you hours and hours of fun before you even figure out everything there is to build and unlock. After 11 hours I know I didn't.That which can be a good thing to some, might be a bad thing to others though. The game IS very complex and managing everything will require quite the skill at both micro and macro management.Fighting is pretty cheap though. You use turrets to defend and tanks to attack. That's it really. But the core of the game is building and maintaining supply routes. That's where the fun comes from! Especially in freemode.Campaign is there, but, well... It's boring. Tutorials are a necessity and campaign probably helps with the steep learning curve.Anyways - it sure is worth the attention. If you can't spend so much cash on this title, than at least wait for a promo."
,Recommended,427520,27791969,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Groquest,A game with unlimited potential. I can't wait to see its final form.
76561197993296142,Recommended,427520,31853520,Posted: 19 May,all,Rambob,"They did A LOT of design for this game, I'm sure.  Great game to feed your inner-engineer.The game could benefit much from some extra elements surrounding end game.  Such as having queen hives which give bonuses (no, not alien artifacts) when cleared out... make it hard.  Give cooler machine guns (maybe shoot cannon shells as well) and bullet based personal defense for suit."
,Recommended,427520,24417707,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mr.Lavaman916 ✪,"This game is fkin addicitve. Like many others, I bought the game, and 24 hours later, I found myself playing it for 12h.The game is awesome and if you like RTS and amutomatization of your base, then look no further :PJust buy it ;)"
,Recommended,427520,35152845,Posted: 23 September,all,Saint Trojan Burger,Sick of Early access games that don't deliver on promises? Buy the Antidote right here!
,Recommended,427520,35160150,Posted: 23 September,all,Butts?,"This game is basically crack. Once you learn about the main bus, there's no going back. 100% reccomend, unless you have responsibilities."
,Recommended,427520,21573904,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Desim,"===Be the Henry Ford of next millenium===_Mine ore, some coal and stone, refine into higher tier products_Make an assembly line_Improve it, defend it, rebuild it and research better stuff._Go kick some alien bugs.Repeat...Woot laser turrets :3This game about assembly lines seems tedious but it doesn't get old because of all the things you'll have to do.In it's Alpha state, this game is literally bugfree, it didn't feel like an alpha.I paid the game in full and I honestly don't feel like that's overpriced for the complexity it offers.The video shows some huge factory complexes and while I barely scratched the surface, I highly anticipate the headaches it'll give me to make everything run smoothly.If you didn't already, try at least the demo, it gives a good intro to the game (go find it on the developpers' site)."
,Recommended,427520,35149607,Posted: 23 September,all,SoUlFaThEr,"Some Games will make you stop making your own game because they are awe inspiring. I just stopped making my own game.For simulator lovers, this is what you've been waiting for and I am REALLY wondering why I have not seen this game until now. A game like this will broaden your ""attention to detail"" horizons and if you had OCD, this will surely feed that need.I have not gone far in the game, but when looking only at the depth of the tech tree, and the depth of the online tutorials and wiki........a whole new world just opened up.If you got 20 and like simulators, GET IT"
76561197999440615,Recommended,427520,21864528,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,DaDangerDog,"I cant even tell you how many times I started the game at a reasonable time and before I knew it, it was 2am and I felt like I had been playing for 30 minutes. I LOVE this game. It pushes you to learn without being pushy. You optimize as you go, you learn based on your very own actions, not the games punishments. Its just great."
76561198036391819,Recommended,427520,22344168,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Qe5rt,Stop reading reviews and buy it.
,Recommended,427520,21536878,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,"Billy, King of Autistland","It's a game about optimizing production and automating it.You start off with nothing and gradually generate a larger and larger factory-assembly.The end goal in free-form mode (not the campaign) is to launch a rocket into space, which requires a lot of resources, and a fairly optimized assembly.Great game. Very easy to forget time when you're playing."
,Recommended,427520,31106688,Posted: 12 April,all,GTX 1080ti,"This game is very good, its much more fun with friends to mess around with, do speedruns... and winning your first time feels amazing!!! 9/10 I took off 1 because its not 15 dollars but still great game!!!"
76561198038572496,Recommended,427520,34861269,Posted: 10 September,all,Vaultdweller,"""What was I working on again?"""
76561198117391036,Recommended,427520,21902726,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DustBust,"The day I downloaded this game, I did not sleep the first night, played for 26hrs in 3 days and they say this is ALPHA?No BugsNo IssuesPlenty of Content#1 game in my library. 99% Positive Reviews.... no game has that."
,Recommended,427520,21627231,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Smokey da Burrr,"Being a veteran Dwarf Fortress player, I can find it pretty difficult to find games that properly put me in the spectrum of autism.That said, this game came up in my queue and after looking at it for about 2 minutes I purchased it, and then played it for 17 hours on the first go.Normally I might wait a bit longer to judge the replayability of a game or find things I dislike about it but the only negative I can think of is the image of converyer belts and electric furnaces that was burned into my eyelids when I finally managed to peel my face off my monitor and lay down.7/7 dancing skeletons."
76561198071094709,Recommended,427520,21675451,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,dic,Got to much time on your hands and $25? Well you've come to the right place.
76561198027261540,Recommended,427520,21613886,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BeEfY,"I hate this game.  I hate this game because I am  addicted to it.  I hate this game because I woke up today for work and I only had 2 hours of sleep.   I hate this game because when I was finally able to fall asleep I actually had a dream about this game.   I hate this game because I am going to do it again tonight.this message was automated and will self distruct in 5,4,3,2,1"
,Recommended,427520,21618552,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Gazathebanana,"Bought the game, decided to build a coal and copper manufactury. Didn't know how to do that. 3 hours later, accidentally built a fort that runs on Steam and Coal power."
76561197969202845,Recommended,427520,21662231,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Colm,"Don't worry about the sleep you will lose, worry about the time of life that will be gone... I regret nothing! Excellent game, would buy again!The gameplay start simple and gets fascinatingly complicated rather fast once you start expanding your factory, automation  and your ressource mining operations. The interface and control scheme are very easy to learn and use for such a surprisingly deep game."
76561198182005391,Recommended,427520,21668387,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TK423,"What can i say:  the reviews were right.  After only a few days i'm hopelessly addicted.The sheer simplicity of the game combined with so many possibilities makes even the early game annoyingly entertaining.The sheer simplicity of the game combined with so many possibilities makes even the early game annoyingly entertaining.The sheer simplicity of the game combined with so many possibilities makes even the early game annoyingly entertaining.The sheer simplicity of the game combined with so many possibilities makes even the early game annoyingly entertaining.The sheer simplicity of the game combined with so many possibilities makes even the early game annoyingly entertaining.oops, i apologize for that: the game took over for a moment and i automated my review."
,Recommended,427520,21670460,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Taconic,A extremly well made game with deep mechanics and university semester has just started. this does not bode well for me. RiP Post-Graduate degree.
76561198011037112,Recommended,427520,21704318,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,evansdn,"Oh my, this game is awesome.I remember all those days lost to The Settlers... well this is a sci-fi version that you can lose weeks to very easily.  I usually steer clear of early access games (errors like Planetary Annihilation and 7 Days to Die spring to mind!), but Factorio seems like a finished game already, so I am hoping it will be like Kerbal Space Program... new major updates every few months that keep dragging me back.Buy this is you are an efficiency geek :)"
,Recommended,427520,21616368,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[Tech] Nogohoho,"This is a game I hadn't realized I've wanted for years now. Build up from nothing into an amazing factory seemingly without any effort or much thought, and wonder at your screens full of creations.Then tear out huge sections of it because it's not as efficent as you would like, and rebuild in half the space, producind twice the goods.Start having all your dreams and free time thinking about how you might make a better assembly line.Get killed by bugs and start it all over, but your not even mad because you should have had your defences set up days earlier and just got distracted.I don't want to play any other games. Now there is only Factorio."
76561198038528679,Recommended,427520,21646426,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SpazedMick,Superb mouse trap! Awesome game that provides a good challenge and is fun to boot. Be prepared for a bit of a learning curve as you figure out how to build things to reflect your own personality.
76561198089326845,Recommended,427520,21665389,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nathas79,"Got this game last friday. the day after the release, and since them I have almost completed a day (24hours) of gameplay.The game is indeed complex to play but easy to learn about. The brief campain mode is more than recomended to learn the basics. I have starter 4 freeplay sandbox games since finishing the campaing and each time I start a new one is because I have better ideas to make the factory I am building simplier and better oriented. There are a lot of things to research in the games as well as a lot to built which shows to me that I have only passed through the surface and no more.As an early access game it does what is supposed to do, with having an incomplete brief campaign and not many modes but the sandbox is almost complete meaning that the lack of further levels does not have a huge impact in gameplay. I have to note down, a tiny downside, not all the buildables are explained by them self, as there is no description and it should be added in an upcoming update.Nevertheless, I suggest this game to anyone who likes sandbox games with a sense of strategy and also some action during alien attacks, well worth the 20euros for the content and replayability."
,Recommended,427520,22117380,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Boxanne,"Factorio is a neat factory management game. At first I was skeptical about the game, a few of my friends hounded me to get it and I checked it out, I was pretty meh about getting it but I finally bought this game and I don't regret it.I do have a few issues, which I'm hoping are fixed or incorporated in later updates, but I'll get to that later.Hilarity may insue when you're playing with friends, as an example: The very first time I ever played, I got connected to my friends game (through Evolve) and I was just starting to get the hang of it, built an SMG to battle the hoard of Biters, Sptitters, Worms and Spawners that was preventing us from creating a rail system, the minute I got to the front lines of battle, I was ran over by a tank.Never tab out while on train tracks, you may tab back into the game and see yourself get mowed over by a high speed train.The game, right now, in its curent state, I'm gonna give it an 8.5/10Pros:-Noob friendly with crafting-Easy to pick up-Good visuals-Multiplayer capability-Mods-Provides hours of funCons:-Bad lag while playing on a friends serverSome issues I hope to see fixed or incorporated:-Steam intergration, by that, I mean, I don't want to keep using the Evolve/Hamachi client to connect to a friends server, I want to be able to just join a friends game through Steam.-Ceilings... Wait why ceilings? Well, I think it's a little odd that you have massive factories just sitting outside, mostly, I would like to ceilings for immersion purposes.-Weather-Different alien types, aside from the Biters, Spitters and Worms along with the spawners, it gets pretty boring killing the same thing over and over.That's about all I can think of, anyway, I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys these types of games."
,Recommended,427520,26960591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaddy Games,Amazing game!Although I don't really understand why all those screenshots of very complicated factories with belts everywhere. A single large line of belts and factories on each side is so much simple (but maybe a little boring)
76561198307803974,Recommended,427520,34337782,Posted: 18 August,all,OlympicSloth,11 papas out of a papajohn pizza pie
,Recommended,427520,35415624,Posted: 2 October,all,Stugoo,"A deep, absorbing game of logistics and planning. That might not sound compelling, until you realise that somehow 8 hours have vanished into thin air while you fine-tuned your factory's production lines. Probably the best value for money I've ever had on a game. Thoroughly recommended."
,Recommended,427520,34917269,Posted: 13 September,all,Not A Zebra,rip life
,Recommended,427520,32777412,Posted: 25 June,all,watercoconut,all the people in the negative reviews just dont know how to play the game and are saying there is not enough stuff in it yet they have only played for 1.6 hours. the game takes a while to beat without making everything automated to perfection and takes even longer if you want to make the perfect factory. there is alot of content in the game since there is research you can do to unlock more things as well as there are mods on the internet that allow way more complex things. overall this game is amazing and i recommend you buy it because as long as you take the time to learn it you wont regret it.
,Recommended,427520,23957042,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Feijão,"Really complex, but super fun at the same time. Kinda like programming and gaming combined!"
,Recommended,427520,27193729,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nickelbee,"""Okay I'll just make like one little change to this factory to optimize it...""*Four hours later*""Well. There goes my day."""
,Recommended,427520,21874536,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,dretahølk,It never ends... Machine that builds machines inception OCD overload....
76561197961406863,Recommended,427520,22131683,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Pottah,"Amazing game, hard to put down.Many hours of fun."
76561198084220467,Recommended,427520,22136557,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rohlex32,In two weeks I have put 37 hours into this game and I wish I could have added more
,Recommended,427520,22136598,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ElfNeedsFoodBad,"Great game!  Very addictive!  It takes some time to tune the ""just in time"" feeding of your factory."
76561198142820019,Recommended,427520,22138409,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,janno42,Simply awesome. And time consuming. But awesome.
,Recommended,427520,22141422,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Junaii,"The best early access game I've played hands down. Factorio is easy to learn and hard to master. Its addictive, rewarding, fun and has huge amounts of depth and freedom. After 45+ hours I'm still discovering new things.This is only technically an early access game. Its stable, runs great, has plenty of content. As another (better) reviewer put it, think of it as a finished title with plenty of free dlc coming.A top down, open world sci-fi survival and crafting game, its fairly unique and hard to summarise. It mixes many elements together. You will see bits of top down GTA games, Prison Architect, Minecraft's Tekkit mod, Command and Conquer, SimCity, The Martian and even Starship Troopers.You are an astronaut crash landed on an alien planet. Your objective is to survive and extract enough natural resources to build a rocket to escape. At the start you dig up some materials by hand, until you have enough to create an automated mine. Then you gradually build up your production to meet your ever growing needs with more mines to extract ore, furnaces to smelt metals, conveyor belts to carry materials around and much, much more. As you raise your tech level you can build fancier machines, but to do this you need more advanced materials and so on.There are native aliens that are hostile and attack your factory like the swarms of bugs from Starship troopers. You will need walls and turrets to defend from attacks. You will need to research and build armour, weapons and vehicles to go out and destroy hives that have grown to large. But to do this you will need to make sure your factory is processing enough raw materials to make the ammo and components you need.The upgrade research path is sublimely balanced in the early-mid game. You are not punished for naive research choices while learning the ropes. As you get more adept at the game, it gives you a sense that your choices are having a real strategic impact but steers clear of following a linear formula. It does become a bit less important later on as you just try to get as much researched as possible.Older systems and materials become obsolete as you move up the tech tree. For instance coal powered furnaces become obsolete as you research electric ones. But your conveyor system is designed to deliver coal to your furnaces. So you have to tweak your system bring it up to date and keep your processed iron flowing to the factories that need it.For me there are three big reasons to give this a go:1. There is always something to do. Theres always an assembly line to tweak to give better output, base improvements to make or exploring & combat to carry out. It never gets overwhelming but does give you that ""Just one more turn"" addictiveness that you get with a Civ game.2. Freedom. The terrain and resources are procedurally generated so no two factories/bases are the same and multiple styles and approaches work. One big base with mining and assembly all together? sure. Outpost bases each working on one specific resource and delivering its output by train? why not?3. Its so satisfying. As I said at the start, its easy to pick up, you wont be overwhelmed, you can pick anything up after laying it down so you are free to experiment with layouts and find out how each system or building works. But its hard to master. There are some really complex and smart logistics things you can do in the late game.You are missing out on a gem if you don't give this a go. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22141582,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,fakeoutt,"It's my second job, for now. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22143712,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Rutiluswarlock,"I only just bought this game the other day, say 3 days ago and if I'm honest I'm not sure where the time has gone as I've only just got oil automated, yes I'm that slow but I'm enjoying it so meh.So far is give this game an 8/10 not like that matters, if and if only I get to the end game stuff I'll still have mods so I can see myself sinking plenty of hours into this.Also, I'm extremely happy that it runs on my potato.What are you waiting for... This game is cheap considering what's it's offering.Don't be afraid because it's in early access, it's practically finished and polished very well, there's probably a few bugs out there, I've yet to experience them.Plus there's cute robots, it's a win win.Edit* Best £15 I've ever spent, on an early access game that is."
,Recommended,427520,22146826,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ov3rkill,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Insane.Not super sold on the graphics but wow this game is fun as hell and addictive with it. Genuinely one of the best games I've played in a long long time, definitely something I am going to go back to again and again, there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of playtime in this.And on top of all of that it's early access. I'm not usually a fan of early access - ordinarily you pay a premium for an unfinished buggy mess and you can't complain because 'its early access' - not Factorio though; I've played released AAAs which are buggier, nowhere near the fun and can't match the longevity. Super excited to see how this grows. If you are into base builders, absolutely buy it - it's worth every penny and I guarantee you won't regret it (although you may regret the lost sleep from playing it)."
,Recommended,427520,22151378,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,WalrusQuake,"It's actually a very nice game, but the only thing it's missing are foreign sweatshop workers to really put an umph behind the communist system I was trying to implement on this planet, but other than that it's pretty good."
,Recommended,427520,22154578,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Heimbad,"Really good game, well thought, LOTS of logistics to do, LOTS of options to enhance effectiveness of your production lines, nice progression. Graphics could be a little higher res, but absolutely recommend this if you like this type of game."
,Recommended,427520,22180733,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[SWITCH]100.000 Bier,Factorio converts all your spare time into space factories. And thats a good thing.
,Recommended,427520,22190146,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,⣿ZAPP£R☠➠,This game seems to be quite addicting...
,Recommended,427520,22192399,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Floki,"Good, worth the buy but gets grindy towards the end"
,Recommended,427520,22193699,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Big-D,"This game stole 80 hours of my life. The story is, you seem to be an engineer who gets stranded on a remote planet. Your goal is to harvest material and refine them to build a communications satellite and mount a rescue. All without dying to the native creatures who will slowly adapt to remove your forign presence.Its so simple its a little stupid, but designing the most efficent extraction and refining process will hasten your development of the technology that will ultimately save you in the end.This game is currently in early access and is still in development. I would definitely like to see improved creature mechanics. Maybe development of a colonization effort. There are many possibilities that can be taken and this game has some amazing potential."
,Recommended,427520,22207415,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Buckeye,Bought the game last week and have over 40 hours on it already. It is quite addicting. I have most new AAA releases and expansions in my game library yet I can't pull myself away from factorio.
76561198158669442,Recommended,427520,22209260,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheOnlyEngineer,"This game is great and it's what I like in a game I see that this game has a lot of potential to become great once it's out of early access. Something else I would like to mention is about end game *WARNING! SPOILERS AHEAD* apparently in the past you had to protect a rocket landing pad for your rescue and defend it. What if you had to launch your rocket with the satellite, build a rocket landing, Then defend the pad like the satellite sent a signal for a rescue some how.The only thing I have to say bad about this game is, well it gets frustrating and repetitive after awhile."
,Recommended,427520,22358535,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,YUNG TWANG,Remnicent of the good old days of Minecraft. Spend 3 hours playing and you won't be able to stop thereafter.10/10
76561197991126058,Recommended,427520,22131667,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ho Most Unmost,"This game is absolutely insane.Its rule set is very simple to understand. Every component is easy to grasp and you quickly work out how to use them at their basic level. However the depth that slowly reveals itself from these components is crazy and the satisfaction you get from figuring stuff out and executing it dizzying.At it's core it's a game about problem solving, logistics and automation. It's simple, deep, elegant and open ended and I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,427520,22135917,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DragonFire,I Love this game
76561197970896300,Recommended,427520,22136422,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,gwapolaub,LOVE THIS GAME!!!!! This is a rare game that is getting it right in Early Access! Well thought out mechanics! I'll be spending as much time on this as Fallout 4 :-D
,Recommended,427520,22141605,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,rushworld,"Don't get this game. I don't remember what I did with myself before I got this game. Please help me.Absolutely amazing and detailed. It's brilliant how the creators have been able to create a world and resources that link so well together. The game has natural ""phases"" you go through as you progress through the different levels of technology and advancement and it flows seemlessly.The best thing about this game is the challenge isn't forced, the challenge comes from improving your own designs and own plans and the game makes you want to play over and over and over again.Although I do not have a lot of hours played, most games I don't come close to 70+. I have a very short attention span and Factorio kept me interested - a very hard task :)"
76561198008649347,Recommended,427520,22154638,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,»»|Sh0tgun™|««,Amasing adictive. Hard to stop playing.
,Recommended,427520,22156330,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Felix,"this is a really fun game, great for playing with friends"
76561198145587864,Recommended,427520,22178154,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,WingR,"Last year my vote would still go to Cities Skylines, but this year i would vote for Factorio for my ""Game of the Year"". Really, for me it is the most innovative game since Minecraft and DayZ, with the addiction of Skylines/Minecraft.You start to play and think ""what to do?"". Even after 90 hours played i still learn new things. Right now i learn to deal with the drones and i love to watch them doing their work. This is my 4th or 5th map and also the first time i build a train network... AWESOME!Based on the fakt that we play version 0,12 i really, really wonder what the DEVs have planed for the future.I cant even tell you what it is that makes this game so great... is it the building? The fakt that you have a new map anytime you want to play a new round? The fakt that you dont really have a goal? Yes, you ""want"" to leave the planet, but for me it feels more like ""have... to... get... more... ore.. more... oil...more, more, more"".If you didnt try the game so far, then you should give it a try. Get yourself a tank and roll out... BEST GAME EVER!"
76561198070744753,Recommended,427520,22183823,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,bluemntgirl,:)
,Recommended,427520,22189421,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cold_Pop,yooo lit
,Recommended,427520,22192339,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Das Arschloch,Probably my favorite crafting style game. I don't know what it is about trying to optimize an automated factory but I just can't stop. 17 hours over 2 gaming sessions. I haven't played a game this long since my 3rd turn in civ 5. If you are considering if you should play this game or not... you should.
,Recommended,427520,22194633,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Rhubarb Fantastic,"Absolutely fantastic game that is as if sim city, C&C, Anno 2070 had some trio-love child and then that child became a puzzle game crack-cocaine dealer. One of my favorite games in the past few years. I have not come across a single bug, it is absolutely content STUFFED and could quite easily be passed as a finished game there is so much content and polish and yet the devs have clearly stated it is still in alpha with much more to come.The developers are in constant contact with the community and even ask their opinions on certain decisions with the game. A game i cannot highly enough reccomend.But ye be warned, one does not simply have a ""quick"" game of Factorio, a quick ""oh il just log on for 5 min to fix XYZ"" will incredibly quickly turn into 2 hours....and then 3...until suddenly you see the sun coming up after originally logged on at 6pm the previous day having not eaten or slept.Absolute pure crack cocaine with blue meth, but the best kind there is. I cannot reccomend it high enough."
76561198092131232,Recommended,427520,22214892,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,May,Extremely addictive.
,Recommended,427520,22218497,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bregma,"I f you buy this game be prepared to pay the high cost.The high cost of lack of sleep, of reduced personal hygeine, of inadequate nutrition, and of little to no social life.  The cost of finding a new job when you fail to show up at work for a week without explanation.I have already spent too much time on this review:  I just found a motherlode of iron ore and need to extend my rail line to bring it on home to papa's little smelting works right after I clear out that massive infestation of buggers that is in my way."
,Recommended,427520,22156667,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Burial,Factorio + Fallout 1-2 series Soundtrack = <3Minecraft meets Dune.
,Recommended,427520,22181728,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kam3k,Scarily addictive. Best thing I've played since Minecraft.
76561198121141656,Recommended,427520,22190031,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Leo The Lion,"I'm completely new to this game and i was introduced by the YOGSCAST (75% of the games i own were introduced to me through them) but i was debating this game is kinda complicated for me, theres nor real end goals, and the price is a bit steep. but afer playing the first tuTORIEL ;) i found this game despite being early access isnt the common buy early while its still cheap and wait for it to be actually playable. (I'M LOOKING AT YOU SUBNAUTICA!)but on to  he review the game is fun and its very customizable. it'll seem boring and pointless at first and then you'll get the urge and get really into it. my tip is wait until its on sale bigger bang for your buck.my main complaint is its not yuet open to szteam workshop even though i heard it is moddable steam workshop is built for this!EDIT:THANKS A TON YOU REMOVED 1 OF THE BEST BUGS! they removed the coalmine 2 and 4 way link systemM=miner><v^=directional outputM<M^    vM>Mthis WAS basically infite coal until it reaches the stack cap of 50give us this bug back!"
,Recommended,427520,22201868,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Grey Hawk,I am very much enjoying this game. I just started a multplayer map with friends.
,Recommended,427520,22354799,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,00,"Read a couple of really compelling reviewsPlayed the demo for like two minutesWent to Wal-Mart at 3 in the morning to buy a $20 steam card.Gave a good reviewWrote that stuff down thereSteam said I have to play for five minutesPlayed for at least five minutesPosted the reviewBasically, I haven't even reallyplayedthe game and I recommend it.Just everything about this game is a win. This is a solid example of what Early Access was supposed to be.I've played the full game now. Super addicting. This is $20 well spent."
76561197973182043,Recommended,427520,22145353,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,johnhenman,IT IS A GOOD GAME BUT KAN YOU MAKE IT EASYER TO MAKE A SERVER
76561198065720404,Recommended,427520,22208490,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Syperius,Really Good Game for just relaxing and takin it easy.
,Recommended,427520,22215235,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,donkey (VERY SPOOKY),0/10 no quickscoping
,Recommended,427520,22146941,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,nou 死神,Great game
,Recommended,427520,22156669,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,nota,This is crack cocaine.50% Tower defense50% OTTD50% Puzzle solving=150% awesomeI used to have a girlfriend but three is a crowd so now it's just me and factorio.
,Recommended,427520,22125343,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Kroggy,"So, this is my review of the game...It's an early phased game, but nothing you will notice as it's pretty much complete! or the things missing, is not something that you will notice... I've tried the campaign on higher difficulty and i got stuck. Can't seem to get through the map even tho i ran youtube videos of other gamers, completing the darn thing... What they do tho, seems simple... When i do it, i get overrun and exposed... It's a challange, and that's something i like!Anyways, i learned the basics through campaign and invited a friend to play.He spent a couple of hours on the campaign aswell, but nothing major, he got the basics tho but still a few things to catch on as we proceded to multiplayer.Holy freaking hell! I mean, we spent, through the holidays we just had, 53 hours on a single map, researching, improving, expanding, learning the use of blueprints and the use of robots... and so on... Basicly, we stood up from bed, sat infront of the computer, waited for the other to get up and get started, playing the game till 2 in the night to get up again at 7 (maybe 8). You get THAT hooked... The wifey came in once in a while, to see if we were still playing and if she could have some attention aswell... Didn't go well with our plan :DSo, 53 hours, to finally get the rocket to launch and complete the game... Darn...What the hell are we gonna do now?I'm actually thinking of starting another map and run solo, but not sure if im really ready to spend that much time on a map right now... Later, deffently... now? Hm... Guess i'll maybe have a look and see how it goes :DBut...If you are thinking of playing the game, reserve a couple of days for it.You WILL get hooked !Oh... And if you are getting started, do yourself a favor and check our some of the mods on the different sites, and maybe also the blueprints. They are deffently worth trying out, as there's some sick designs out there :D"
,Recommended,427520,22137644,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BelltowerJockey,"Pure genius title! If you love micro-management and don't mind the sort of game that makes you say to yourself six times an hour: ""just ten more minutes"", this is for you."
76561198027873498,Recommended,427520,22144883,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tsain,"Do not let the Early Access tag trick you.I'm one of those guys that never goes for early access games. If you are that way too, let me just tell you that this game does NOT play like an early access title. It was in development for four years already before it came to steam, and it is VERY solid. It already has 50+ hours worth of content inside, and after my 90+ hours of gameplay I have yet to encounter a single bug.Plus, there is a huge modding community that produces some great stuff"
76561198017051189,Recommended,427520,22167341,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Beuker,What a great game!!! I liked Minecraft and Transport Tycoon and this is the ideal combination of both!!!WOW!!! I'm addicted!!!
76561198202993125,Recommended,427520,22168549,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,eldeltaigel,"Amazing, I had never seen a job so well thought and elaborated in a game of this genre. You can spend hours of entertainment and clearly see the fruit of your effort."
,Recommended,427520,22179995,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Trucker Doge,Stay up till 3 am every night with friends 10/10 never sleep again
76561198193595999,Recommended,427520,22488908,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,moto23,best game i've played in awhile.  cant stop playing it!
,Recommended,427520,22135832,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,walnut49,"Addictive, challenging, and engaging, but never overwhelming. It's accessible to anyone who can understand minecraft but always a struggle to maximize the efficiency of your design. The game itself runs butter-smooth on modest hardware even with a ton of things going on at once. The cooperative multiplayer is an unexpected bonus. By any reasonable standard this is already a complete and well-executed game."
,Recommended,427520,22137908,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,A Lightswitch,"Me and my friends have been looking for a good game to play at LAN parties, and factorio has proved to be an amazing game for this purpose. Would definitly recommend if youre looking for a game to play with a few buddies on an afternoon, but keep in mind you will end up playing much more than that."
,Recommended,427520,22139675,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Liquid Origami,"This game is great if you enjoy resource managment and base building. The goal is to automate everything while working towards building a rocket and deffending yourself from the local wildlife. You'll run into problems and pull your hair out trying to solve them. The devs are great about adding small tweaks and updates that make your life a little easier. For example when you place power lines you can hold left click and run to place the line as far as it will go, the community wanted a similar mechanic for underground belts and pipes and the devs responded by adding it. Seriously one of my best purchases in awhile."
,Recommended,427520,22212597,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,inetd,This game is amazing. Great performance & excellent pacing. There's no penalty for correcting your design mistakes so it's easy to keep pushing on through problems.
76561198031519384,Recommended,427520,22153690,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,divergence,"Meh...It is kind of fun. Nothing incredibly great, nothing bad either. At least it isn't buggy. Feels a bit too much like minecraft tekkit without the fun of minecraft."
76561198256193947,Recommended,427520,22215592,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Roolo173,"I have not written a review for a game before, but this one was too good not to. Absolutely sensational game. I cannot say it enough, it is the perfect game; it has no cons, or 'bad' things about it. Completely worth my money, and yours. It has so much playability, so much to do, and so much fun! Im pretty sure the weaponry and action side of the game is better than most games which are completetly dedicated to those things, and this game is about factories! Totally recomend it, BUY IT NOW."
76561197977220332,Recommended,427520,35479637,Posted: 4 October,all,BigMoser,"Build a rocket silo and launch a rocket?  Sure.  What do I need to do?Research my way through the tech tree to be able to build the silo and launch a rocket?  No problem.*Looks at research tree to get to Rocket Silo*  This doesn't seem like a lot to research.Before I know it I realize there is a lot to put into researching the different aspects of Factorio and instead of winning the game I want to research everything on my first (well, second map after getting used to the controls) playthrough while trying to get achievements along the way.In the beginning it's up to you to gather the resources needed to get your factory started.  Turning ore into plates and feeding coal into the machines that make the plates.  Before you know it, you have made this process automate itself so you can move on to other projects, then you automate those projects to move on to bigger things, etc etc until you win the game... which I haven't yet because my process is slow.There are tons of guides out there to help get an idea of how to better your factory, but I like to do things my own way even though it's not fast.  I'll get there eventually.Now, I turn it on when AFK or running an errand so the game will create products automatically to help with research.  When I get back on I'll research the next part in the tree until I launch that first rocket.Recommended for those who love automation."
76561198003497831,Recommended,427520,34243729,Posted: 14 August,all,Barthir,"This game is so addictive that the first steps in the game feels life minutes when in reality its been hours, there is never a moment to rest when you have a factory with constant need for upgrade which then makes you keep on going just to get that tiny bit extra for the next step in evolution.I strongly recommend to atleast try this game before rolling it of as just another mediocre game."
76561198136981317,Recommended,427520,35429924,Posted: 2 October,all,Ctrl+Alt+Gamez,It's an amazing game. One problem i think it needs a workshop for steam for oyur factorys.
,Recommended,427520,24334016,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dio Kizu,If you like building a machine to automate anything in the entire world. Then this is the game for you! Start off small and grow! Massive walls! Massive turrets! Massive aliens?! The world is unlimited and amazing!! Factorio is an awesome game!On a serious note... Factorio literally has Factory in the name. This game is a game about automation and thinking (some space management too!) This is so worth the $20 (exactly!) I paid!
,Recommended,427520,25940492,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Deus Vult,The best base-building game on steam imo. Game continues to be developed as well as have a great community.
76561198076624298,Recommended,427520,21735464,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,JAKERS,This game so good i stopped jerking off to women. Now i jerk off to Robots.
,Recommended,427520,24496821,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,brain malfunction,"You have a life, don't buy this game.It eats your soul."
76561198094009059,Recommended,427520,24330197,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Ronald Bruner Jr.,played 28 hours of this game in 3 minutes.what.better than drugs.9/10
76561198219239268,Recommended,427520,21979569,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Lardhead,"I like the game for the micromanagement. You have to make stuff that is needed for other stuff. But the stuff is also needed for some other stuff. The stuff you eventually make is needed for the other stuff, etc. etc.Then there are the natives. Biting and spitting. A real pain in the rear end! So just kill them!This is a fast paced game (if you want it to) but you can also play it on a slow pace.A solid 5/7!"
,Recommended,427520,21561014,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kasp3r,"This game is awesome!If you like building things you will like this.But my friend said it is an autism simulator, that might be right but he is an emo.Only negative thing is that multiplayer stutters a little bit from time to time.But thats elisa ""viihde"" for you."
,Recommended,427520,23892722,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,sploof,"Sploof's family found him months later in a pile of his own filth next to the smoking remains of his computer. His room was littered with flowcharts, diagrams, and blueprints. Scrawled on the wall in a mixture of ashes, blood, and cheeto dust was one word:THROUGHPUTFactorio addiction kills thousands of innocents every year. Symptoms may include losing all contact with the outside world, open-eye transport belt hallucinations, expanded reproduction, carpal tunnel syndrome, accidental time travel, tendonitis, mass extinction events, mother♥♥♥♥ing trains, or death-by-ecobug. If you think you or somebody you know might not have a Factorio problem, buy this game immediately."
,Recommended,427520,24334137,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,axilas,"I'm an aged gamer, so I came from the oldies like Transport Tycoon. There have being some games that touched this logistic problems theme, but there's being quite a while that I have played a game that played so much like Transport Tycoon.Factorio is Transport Tycoon improved 1000%. It's pretty deep in logistic resolving. I love this game, just wish I have more time to play it.11/10. If that's your thing, buy it, you won't regret."
,Recommended,427520,32662876,Posted: 22 June,all,MistressBlue,"Small learning curve with the logistics, overall a fun play. Not too complicated."
76561198172120910,Recommended,427520,29861243,Posted: 11 February,all,Ca$h Cab,Use Pickaxes to mine trees10/10
76561198027311704,Recommended,427520,25158826,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lagertha ♈,"""Limit time playing FactorioFor some players it is difficult to stop playing. We recommend to install some program to limit the time in front of your computer.""A game where you are encouraged not to play too much"
,Recommended,427520,30548085,Posted: 16 March,all,zirr,It's a fun game. I recommend it a lot!
,Recommended,427520,33573265,Posted: 15 July,all,KT,"This game is absorbing and so much fun, the level of detail and develpment during the game is awesome, On the downside the replayability is a little on the low side due to the single track development, there are no real continuing goals once you have sent a satellite into orbit, although I have seen that they are developing some satellite usefulness it would be nice to see a continuing story goal and perhaps tech tree. I loved playing this."
76561198111076916,Recommended,427520,24268654,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yilmaz,Buys factorioDoes first campaign missionskips reststarts new game2 sec inThe Hell am I doing?Continue for an hour to mindlessly attempt at building factory10/10 would buy and play again
76561198050623390,Recommended,427520,24147523,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Archivis,It's ok.
,Recommended,427520,30974417,Posted: 5 April,all,SheetOfPiss,>be me>tfw no gf>steam inventory (93)>no games to play>.> wallet <.< wut.jpg>find factorio 20 bucks>meh>eat tendy while orange game downloaads>tendy not even half in mouth when game done>tfw 475mb>kek>press start see boring menu five buttons>2005 looking♥♥♥♥♥♥>be orange guy>I look ripped>goddamn trees everywere>kill a few>fast forward 52.8 hrs>making is for normies>automate everything>automate mining>automate conveyor belts>automate robots that build more robots>what is sleep?>idea.auto>automate sleep>still no rocket♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,427520,33639912,Posted: 18 July,all,Hickeyman?,"Next on my ""to do"" list: Automate my nonexistent social life!"
76561198212801543,Recommended,427520,32052390,Posted: 29 May,all,Lackyb,"Love it, love it, love it. Be careful, this game will take over your life."
76561198165007224,Recommended,427520,34093956,Posted: 7 August,all,zombie111145,"this is one of the best game , i  have play in my life."
76561198041914370,Recommended,427520,31335276,Posted: 24 April,all,That Sly Fox,a great way to kill an intire week AAA+++
,Recommended,427520,21573586,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,fakkov,"- Completed the first tutorial.- Thought to myself; ""Yea I got this, let's do it.""- Go through the basic motions, build myself a lab.- Tech tree opens up and I stare at it blankly for a good 5 minutes.- ""...Jesus.""Had some preconceptions about what this game might be and they were totally smashed, an amazing achievement."
76561197980136129,Recommended,427520,26594329,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Yes,Send Help.
,Recommended,427520,21558547,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Viper,I want a refund... of my life.
,Recommended,427520,21607713,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Darkireland,This is transport tycoon deluxe for a more modren age and that is just about as awesome as a game can be.Fair warning tho you will lose hours of your life to simply ensureing you have enough iron ore but you wont care.
,Recommended,427520,21537649,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Podrock,"Wow, this is the first game that has really challenged me on both a intellectual and creative level. In addition to being very challenging it also is very fun to play, Bravo."
76561197997875391,Recommended,427520,25403827,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,leonard0,This is the best game.
,Recommended,427520,25104881,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ScissorKick104,"Where to start with Factorio?Factorio is one of those games where you buy it, play for ages, then close down to play a different game with your friends. Factorio then sits and gathers dust in the corner of your game library to be played again a month later. I mainly have 3 different ways for playing games. Short but frequent bursts, Meduim lenght plays often enough and Very long playtimes now and then. Factorio is the last one. A game that will be played for hours at a time but only every so often.On to the game then!The first time you boot up factorio you get to start your first world. Sure, there's a campaign but it's around average and nowhere near as good as the real deal. Your first world is fun and exciting and all around a giant mess because you have no idea what you're doing. Doesn't matter though. It was a blast. Who cares if a conveyor belt track is way longer than it needs to be or one part of your factory relies on somthing at the complete other end. It still worked, didn't it? You start anew, armed with what knowledge you could gather and set off. You realise that it takes longer and longer each time in the beggining because you're used to automation now. Don't worry, it'll be back the way it was. You actually plan your factory this time instead of going in willy nilly. Your factory is way more efficient.Uhoh, here comes the aliens!Your base is under attack by ruthless aliens and you didn't prepare defences because there were more important things like research. Your factory is half dead when you manage to kill the last alien. It was a good run. You now have 2 options. Restart or Rebuild. Either way it'll be better than last time. It's the aliens again but this time you have a turret. You kill them all and keep going. As you keep tearing down trees and creating pollution, the enemies grow. You evolve with them with better armour and guns, more defences and a tank. It was a close battle but you won. The taste of victory on your lips. You start to get better, start using trains, robots and whatever else you can get your hands on. It's up to you. Maybe you'll go on a psycopathic rampage and kill all aliens. Or maybe set up a train circling the entire factory just for protection. Who knows. Maybe you'll escape, or maybe the panet's grown on you a bit TOO much.Will you be the hero of your own story? Or will you rot on this planet and be torn to pieces?The choice is yours."
,Recommended,427520,21944046,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Deity Link,"For 3 nights after I started playing this game, my brain would keep playing the game in my sleep. It'd even add new gameplay mechanics and logistic problems that I'd try to solve, eventually waking up early and still tired, and craving for more Factorio. I never had experienced such a fully blown Tetris effect.Anyway, this game is really good, well worth the 20€, the current build is stable and offers hundred of hours of entertainment even without mods. Can't wait to see what the devs will add next."
,Recommended,427520,22248781,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Fourslash,GOD. DAMN.
76561198052719516,Recommended,427520,31365307,Posted: 25 April,all,aokori,This game could easily be classified as a schedule II drug. Don't forget to eat and sleep if you buy it.
76561198088539599,Recommended,427520,31107147,Posted: 12 April,all,Lonk The Hero Of Tim,Finally cleared out the starting forest.
,Recommended,427520,21957047,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,nogs!,"This game is great, it violates my small reptile peanut brain."
,Recommended,427520,21494994,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dalorath,"I just bought this game, and so far, It is Amazing... It is ABSOLUTLY worth the $25 i paid for it :-DThanks for creating this awesome game :-D"
,Recommended,427520,21865528,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Fantastic Mr. Fluffy,This game is everything i never knew i wanted.  It's Addicting and it becomes easy to lose hours of your life building factories.
,Recommended,427520,24238334,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SugiKnight,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtBxbdhG8TgFactorio Early Access ReviewI've had great time with this game so far, instead of writing wall of text i will put lot of my thoughts on a video and bullet points (Just to make it easier to come into conclusions whatever its worth to buy or not)Positive StuffVery addictive game and makes you brain think really hardMultiple ways to do things and vast amount of different choices how to gather/collect/move resources, your imagination is your limitMap Editor, Player Made Mods and lot of editing choicesProvides good worth for your money in terms of hours, you can easily burn +100h in this game, especially if you play alone.Campaign is pretty good for learning the basics of the game (Recommending everyone to play it)Negative StuffControlling the cars can be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ controls need some improvement and so does responsivenessThe Cool Soundtrack doesn't seem to play at all times :/Graphics may not be for everyones tastes (For me they are fine)Some networking issues can happen while playing multiplayer like having issues to join the game and suchThe aliens can be bit lackluster in some senses whatever its their AI or the options to modify their behaviour, but if you are just playing it for building stuff, this doesn't affect you at all."
,Recommended,427520,29245421,Posted: 14 January,all,Kojot,a d d i c t i n g40h in 3 dayssend help
,Recommended,427520,21655935,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Angry Woodchuck,"10/10 would devistate local ecosystem, then slaughter giant shimps again"
,Recommended,427520,21675600,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zaccy,these conveyor belts are the best spaghetti i've had in years
,Recommended,427520,21675465,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Exenth,Destroyed my sleep cycle 10/10
,Recommended,427520,22116447,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Beyond Reharvester,This game gave me autism
76561198137640471,Recommended,427520,21671060,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,CircleWithSprinkles,this game is amazing...no other words
,Recommended,427520,21721176,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MnMaxon,It's fun and has a lot of content
76561197966543727,Recommended,427520,21612494,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,WooziE,This game automates positive reviews.
,Recommended,427520,21647720,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Croy,Indigenous species don't stand a chance against the power of industry.
,Recommended,427520,21722580,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Goopster,"This game is one big Metaphore for Capitalism. Go out, Make factories, Not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the ecosystem and ♥♥♥♥ it up so much the locals hate you, while making the most profit frome that is!9/10 Had it for two games Alredy have 6 hours in it."
,Recommended,427520,22127877,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dreadfire,"Why the hell do you not have this game?At what point did you say to yourself that '99% of people like this game' is a bad thing?Your instant reaction should of been to buy this game, not to read the reviews.Oh you want to be informed?Well I am to lazy too write a long big review so here are some reviews (not mine!):Rock Paper Shotgun reviewWorth a Buy? reviewOverall, I absolutely recommend this game and what make it better is that it had mods and multiplayer pretty much endless fun and infinite replay value!**************************************************************************************************************************************My only major complaint is that there is a lack of endgame but be mindful this is still early access."
,Recommended,427520,22131360,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Frikandel,Great lttle game that will take up a lot of your time.
,Recommended,427520,22145365,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,RLS0812,"If you like management/city building/stratigy games - *DO NOT BUY THIS* ... I want my life back !!!I bought this game as soon as it was released on Steam, and have been spending an insame amount of time plying it ever since.In less than a month, Factorio has become my second most played game ( by hours played )!!!"
,Recommended,427520,21540339,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[~*LpM*~] Mychilli,If you see this you are my bud.
,Recommended,427520,28303135,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Cavan47,Tekkit but better
76561198138383336,Recommended,427520,25497854,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Maypole,So lucky I don't have girlfriend anymore. Now I can play more Factorio!
76561198148991733,Recommended,427520,29272995,Posted: 15 January,all,cunter: im pink,this porn is weird....
76561198108886361,Recommended,427520,23321575,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,mewpet3,Is good.
76561198007638328,Recommended,427520,21648938,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Farflame,"Brilliant game. Simple, but everything works together so well. First game to keep me up after 3am for years!"
76561198044666090,Recommended,427520,21957499,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Maccaroni,Must... automate...
,Recommended,427520,34100226,Posted: 8 August,all,KingV,gr8
,Recommended,427520,27826790,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,┘Ô╟╢ñ  ®∑∑∞ù¿,I'm now homeless because of this game...30/10 <8^)
76561197983201284,Recommended,427520,27504805,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fluxtorrent,Must... keeep..... building....
,Recommended,427520,21537662,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,*Stick*,Great Game!
,Recommended,427520,21976162,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Pirate34,Resource generation can really ream your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you're playing with enemies on and it seems like there's a missing technology level but this is exactly the experience I expected when I started playing and I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to lose a weekend and can find enjoyment in the demo (on their website).
76561198126300172,Recommended,427520,21948264,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Stay Awake Games,I figured I should stop playing at some ponit to write a review.10/10And now back to the Factory.
76561198202570744,Recommended,427520,30379343,Posted: 7 March,all,legolog3,How about you buy the game instead of reading reviews!
76561198071704334,Recommended,427520,27632113,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Coldhawk,Fantastic game. It's the greatest feeling when you play a game for 30 hours and you only created one coal mine.... and a complex system of furthering SCIENCE!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,26855737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,incy247,"I'll just play a a few minutes of factorio...several hours later... This game has the just one more minute addition quality that minecraft had in early alpha. An interesting new take on management and strategy games, simply automate all the things!"
76561197966091515,Recommended,427520,21488668,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dizzytired,Willy Wonka Nightmare+How It's Made+SpaceChem^100.  10/10.
,Recommended,427520,21450154,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,maniak,"Regular releases with high stability and small amount of bugs (especially for early access game), fast bug fixes. Competent and open minded developers. Great modability with lots of awesome mods by community. And hundreds of hours of machine-devising fun. Highly recommended for all admirers of sandbox genre."
,Recommended,427520,21601859,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Rainmaker,"One of best games I have ever played, a must buy and a masterpiece. I can't even imagine what could the developer add more to make this game better it is already at it's best."
,Recommended,427520,22079358,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,arcus,"This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game, if you don't get it you'll regret it. For the rest. Of. Your. Life."
,Recommended,427520,22043012,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Captain Magma,WORST LOOKING GAME OF ALL TIME BUT I CANT STOP PLAYING CAUSE ITS SO GOOD OH YEAH
,Recommended,427520,22076867,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,BennyT,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥play this game, so much fun. So many different ways of doing things. (i love this game)"
,Recommended,427520,26218000,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,videojames.exe,"Wow. Just wow.This game is astounding in more ways than I thought possible. You can tell  that the devs really care about this game, because it is so well thought out and well executed. I just finished my first full game last night and I fell so accoplished.For a general idea of the game, I've put togeather a timeline:hour 1: do tutorial and say to yourself ""this is easy.""hour 2: get killed by aliens because you forgot to craft armor.hour 3: start a new game and get killled because you forgot to craft armor.hours 4-100: keep starting new games until you don't die.You get better and better with every new game you start, until you feel confident enough with the system! That is, until you unlock new research.Over all, I give this game 11/10 for stealing my life."
,Recommended,427520,22724128,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SilverWolfJC,"Buy game at 10 PMDon't check clock until it's 4:30 AMSun comes upIt's 8 AMWell, time to get some sleep(True story)But anyway, one of the best $20 I've ever spent. If you're a man that enjoys making things more efficient, then get this game. It will intellectually satisfy you as you figure out how to logistically move the materials for these complex recipes around. And you will feel good when you analyze your chain and figure out that you can make it smoother by giving this factory a faster grabbing arm.It's a great example of design over graphics"
,Recommended,427520,28334065,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Marshall Is A Demon Apparently,Not even 40 hours in and I'm already addicted to the game.
76561198099633147,Recommended,427520,23884860,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,What?,this is a gud game
76561198044955315,Recommended,427520,22509822,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Water-damaged plank of driftwood,"Good game, Makes me happy"
76561198080169030,Recommended,427520,21677733,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DJDiabetus,After buying this game I put 12 hours into it on two different days...So yeah its goodBuy it now
76561198028134949,Recommended,427520,23799362,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kokobongo,"Playing Factorio feels like developing architecture of a software project.Also, it feels like debugging code when the conveyor belts fail and you try to find where you made the mistake.11/10."
76561198053604879,Recommended,427520,25661102,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,athetos,"The most satisfying management game you could ever dream of. Nothing seems too tedious or out of place, everything is just fulfilling enough to easily keep you playing for hours on end."
76561197978708753,Recommended,427520,22014915,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Tinzel T,40 hours in.  Best Early Access i've played. Cant wait to see whats added NextBuy on the merit that they charge an even 20 spot11/10 will lose sleep
,Recommended,427520,22776926,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bbq,"I hope you don't value your social life because this game is amazing, I've been looking for a game like this for so long and only just stumbled across it."
,Recommended,427520,26185261,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Smcélrèâ,"10/10 Addictive gameplay, fun with friends, cpu usage at 5% and my computer's fans don't turn on while playing."
76561198101516420,Recommended,427520,30365527,Posted: 6 March,all,ACVODAD,"Makes you do logistic problems and has you determine ratios for how much iron plates are needed for this and that, etc. Also adds that ever looming danger of a biter attack so you must also research miltary and defend your base. really fun and makes you think. LOVE IT 10/10 would automate again."
,Recommended,427520,26175003,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Lazarus (cubeboy),"It looks complex, but believe me it's not.  If you start from nothing and build EVERYTHING on your own, you'll know what EVERYTHING does :)  This is a glorious game!"
,Recommended,427520,23229195,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Randy BO Bandy,I havent played it as much as other people have but this game has 4 things going for it:Tons of content already in the game despite early accessGreat communityFull of good game design and Mechanics (Ex. Burner inserters that insert coal will always take coal for itselfGreat Devs'Basicly how an enginner would handle minecraftMaybe like 7 hours of gameplay was not a good time to post a review but i dont care
,Recommended,427520,22303577,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rayzold,"Great potential. Very well thought.Pros: Lots of things to do, a lot of strategies to try out.BUT:1) It feels it lacks a point of doing all that after a bit2) The battle system is not balanced at all - end game, unless you use mods or lower the aliens in your settings the way you'll be killing alien bases would be to run like a headless chicken around the alien grounds with drones, or smashing them with your tank (that breaks down in a few seconds)3) Needs a better mini-map. Definitely."
,Recommended,427520,22771238,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,yawolloh,Best Game. I have spent more hours in here than I should.
76561198063065396,Recommended,427520,22801249,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Nowhere,"I have played this game for 84 hours and counting on a single game server (and the tutorial) with 5 other friends. We each gave each other speicalties and are constantly working to improve our base. Granted we're all Engineers or Engineering students so this game is entirely too perfect for us, but nonetheless if you're the kind of person to perfect management games or enjoy freestyle puzzle games you will sdore this game."
76561197998240742,Recommended,427520,25389317,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[RSL] MAJOR KILGORE,This game is still in progress but I gotta say even in its unfinished state it's a gem.  Very original and def worth a look.
,Recommended,427520,21504672,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,-Fish,Where did yesterday go?Factorio.
,Recommended,427520,23547072,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,*Euthanize91,Bought this game after watching steam video footage.Convinced friend we should buy this game.Played with friend for 5 hours.Friend gets off in early morning.I get off 30 minutes later.Turns out 30 minutes was another 5 hours.fell asleep at Noon next day.10/10 Would go to bed at noon again.
,Recommended,427520,23548995,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Hulmir,I love this game! Best builder game i have played in a long time!
,Recommended,427520,21765945,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,FantasticPancake,You start off by building things. Then you build things to build things so you can focus on building your building-builders. It's great and really satisfying.
76561198019674308,Recommended,427520,29614403,Posted: 31 January,all,is boris,holy shiat this game is good
,Recommended,427520,27713086,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Beelzebubby,Needlessly addicting. Multiplayer is awesome when it works.
76561198196558355,Recommended,427520,30229588,Posted: 27 February,all,Clechay,"If you like automation it's worth checking out.The amount of work that was put into optimization is outsanding, on my 4 years old notebook Factorio works perfectly smooth."
,Recommended,427520,23631469,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SoulSunder,I had a job
,Recommended,427520,21453880,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,xiro,A rather unique strategy game that punches way above its weight.Highly reccomended.
76561198280575815,Recommended,427520,24059322,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Geabuw,"50% of the negitive reviews are people saying stop looking at the negitive reviews, 25% are people unable to understand the complexity of the game and the last 25% are people complaing that there arn't any set goals for them to acomplish.kill all the idiots on this planet, make people realise that there are missions and there wouldn't be any negitive reviews and this woulld be litterally a perfect game"
,Recommended,427520,22311777,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,The Mystical Ace,"Short Answer: Amazing Factory Game. GO get it!Description/ Long answer thingyProbably one of the coolest games I have ever played, It just drops you in and you can either figure things out yourself by playing in a ""Freeplay"" mode. Or you can learn the game at your own pace in the campaign. The game is a resource managment game (Like the game Minecraft, although in this one you make automated factories) You collect resources then you build up to make it all automated. It will get more and more confusing the more you build up and expand your automated factory. In the freeplay mode your goal is to get a ""Rocket Silo"" and go back to outerspace. (You're a robot that fell into a world from outer space, and the world is filled with native biters that attack you as your factory grows) If I were to rate this game I would rate it 10/10 because this game is simply amazing. If you have $20 go and get this game! Or wait for a sale if you dont think the price is right.  So. Go get this game, you will love it. BE WARNED! It is very addicting. VERY. ADDICTING."
,Recommended,427520,29679644,Posted: 3 February,all,mieltjoes,"Factorio is one of the best games I have ever played. Everything works perfectly and it's up to you to use the tools handed to you to create the most efficient factory/supply chain possible. It's amazing how much progress you make each time you start over compared to how you did in the game before.Week after week I saw Factorio in the top sellers list on Steam, but didn't buy it because the graphics and the overall look didn't appeal to me. After a few months I caved and tried the demo, I was hooked after several minutes and bought the game right away. TRY THE DEMO PEOPLE!"
,Recommended,427520,30369562,Posted: 7 March,all,Nova Viper Dwagoness,"So...Graphics:The game is low graphics but unlike all other games that dose NOT subtract from the enjoyment, if any it adds a feel for the game!And for any one wanting more I'd recommend ""SweetFX"" to boost it alittle.Low Specs, games not high demanding which is good so any one can pick it up and play increasing its enjoyment to more gamers!Playstyle:OCD and Efficent people be ware! you will spend MONTHS perfecting a layout and change it because you got an upgrade or need a new route!Few Neat things:Driving trains is fun, but even when switching the train to auto you can still get into them and ride them to where there going which most games don't do when switched to automatic, just the little things I adore!Modding support... Oh man... still have not gotten into that so theres still months of enjoyment to come!It test's the brain, Most games you don't have to think hard, For this... you will be useing your brain Alot thinking of how to route things and make them more efficent!Overall:Best £15 I ever spent on a game, I will be keeping this under my wing for awile as its a game I can fit between big games to get me relaxed"
,Recommended,427520,28910466,Posted: 1 January,all,C0sm0&Biceps,"Sometimes hard, but not too hard, just ideal, really good game.8.784/10"
76561198055251340,Recommended,427520,23888100,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Salad,THIS GAME IS NOT A R.T.S.love the game btw
76561198211178180,Recommended,427520,24148243,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CannibalCafe,"When you see this game in the store, it looks like some moneygrab wich had a low budget and no unique gameplay. But I bought this game when one of my friends wouldn't shut up about it and I found out that it was a very good game. You can mod it freely, it barely takes up and space on your computer, you don't need a powerful computer to run it and more importantly it has hours of gameplay excluding available mods. In short, it is a great game well worth the money."
,Recommended,427520,24119687,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,IT'S ME,"This game is insanely fun and addictive. The devs are very active on updates and community feedback, and the bare minimum of playtime for this very affordable game is easily 50-100 hours for people who aren't fans of engineering games. If you remotely enjoy Factorio, you can get hundreds upon hundreds of hours of content - with more updates to come and a thriving mod community.I cannot be a bigger fan of Factorio. In the recent years of a lot of 'engineering' genre games have been early access hoaxes or had incomplete content or suffered slow development, Factorio stands out among the pack for already feeling ""complete"", optimized, and bug-free, with more content already planned.This is probably the only early access game I would recommend right now. Mostly because its already a finished, polished product. It even has a free demo."
,Recommended,427520,24156414,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,twin,"It's so brilliant. Player basically solves problem created by himself. Often games are either too short or too repetitive - in factorio you are looking to solve any repetitivity problems you might currently have - so the game kind of creates its content ... by you playing it.Essentially you are constantly solving the problem of ""boredom"" and you CAN solve it in this game! It's absolutely fantastic way to drive player forward as it constantly rewards you for problemsolving by eliminating boredom and replacing it with the constant but manageable problem-solving methods.It makes you think and plan and while you do that ... you are not being bored. If stuff gets too repetitive because you solved your previous problem .... boredom/repetitiviness becomes problem that you AGAIN solve by thinking and planning.And the pace of the game allows this to happen on your personal way, slow or fast. Game doesnt reward or punish by going slow or fast, so you pace yourself just the way that suits you.Gentlemen and ladies, we have here piece of gaming history - its not even ready yet but its brilliant."
76561198085661434,Recommended,427520,28312696,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dapper Dog,"""where the ♥♥♥♥ did I go wrong"" simulator 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,27519944,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AdalasRodenheim,This game is one of the best open builders that I have had the privelage to play. It constantly challenges your brain while keeping a nostalgic feel to gaming. I highly recommend this to every one!
76561198119496153,Recommended,427520,26418913,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HarryF12399,"Snazzy little game, very addictive"
,Recommended,427520,21670318,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,mewtwo,Make sure your get Evolve for multiplayer
,Recommended,427520,24102094,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lieutenant Zephyr,>Be me>A new dude that has crash landed on a planet>Use my engineering skills to build amazing automated factories>Polution in the air from my amazing factories angers the locals>Ohgodwhy.jpg>Get obliterated>respawn>Research military for new guns>Acquire shotgun>Research body armor and put it on>Comeatmebro.mov>Find a small nest of native aliens>They are the ones to be obliterated now>Rip alien nests>Destroy more local aliens to that want to stop me from poluting their precious planet>♥♥♥♥off.docx>Polute the world and killing wildlife and succeed while doing so10/10 would kill off local natives so I can keep ruining the world
76561197970024951,Recommended,427520,23389900,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,pRiVi,Just great!
,Recommended,427520,21973387,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Gutawer,"This game is honestly incredible. It is easy to work out, but works so well with the main mechanic not being the game's difficulty, but your efficiency. Without an efficient layout, the game becomes a lot more difficult,as you have to make workarounds around problems that you, as a player, created for yourself. It is so satisfying to work out the solution to a problem, and to get to see your new conveyor belt start to move items into your crafting system.For this reason, I would reccomend you go in blind, and dont use any high efficiency templates you find on the internet. This will remove part of the games challenge for you, because as said before, this games difficulty comes from you, not the games overall design. For example, a little bit of thinking early on can make tasks in the distant future much more pleasant to complete. Giving yourself space in this game is key.It's worth mentioning that I have always liked these ""high focus on automation"" type games. This is why I have sunk way more time than I would like to admit into Modded Minecraft versions such as Feed the Beast and Tekkit, which both offer high amounts of automation. This meant that the appeal of the game was obvious to me, and I bought it pretty quickly after seeing it for the first time.All in all, if you like doing things manually, this game isn't for you. But for any of you who like seeing a huge factory of things working together in tandem, I'd reccomend this game highly."
76561198145162012,Recommended,427520,24034904,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dimensional_Dragon,"Incredible game. 10/10 would play again. But just one problem, the multiplayer, I just want to be able to give my friend my ip and have him connect to my world but nope can't. I have to port forward and having a dad that knows nothing about tech will not let me do because he thinks it will blow up our computer. Other than that the game is amazing"
76561198069461793,Recommended,427520,27573979,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lit Stoned Ghost of Gabe the Dog,awesome game i have spent loads of time in the game
,Recommended,427520,22113541,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Andriod,"Transport Tycoon, just more complex!"
,Recommended,427520,22113521,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Spider,"Phenomenal game. Don't think, just buy. This is one of them games that looks good on paper, but turns out to be ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! I am completely hooked. I haven't played any game to any extent other than factorio since purchasing a week or so ago.I think this is the second review i have ever written on steam because i feel the devs deserve it. Excellent community on the forums too.I posted a crash report on forums, and within a matter of hours the devs identified the error and patched it in the next release a day or so later. Certainly the fastest ive known something to be fixed."
,Recommended,427520,22121244,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,SJCubed,Daily Schedule:Wake upStart up FactorioPlace belts10 hour passesSomehow manage to find foodPlace belts for another 8 hoursSleepMy life has become automated.
76561198106965800,Recommended,427520,21723986,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Noble,Start out blind deaf dumb.  Discover the magic of resources...  Begin to build and research... Run into some natives that destory your stuff...  Massacre the natives to build a bigger factory...  Stumble out of your room 16 hours later then think about Factorio in college lecture.  Come home and repeat.
,Recommended,427520,29649654,Posted: 2 February,all,p4ndepravity,"if starcraft and Minecraft FTB had a baby, this would be that baby. It starts honestly enough: chop down a few trees, pick a few coal/iron and before you know it you are ""commanding"" (in quotations because they are really procedurally controlled) a fleet of robots and launching rockets at ""zerg"" enemies and eventually launching a rocket. The itch that RimWorld didn't quite scratch (still a fantastic game) is literally sandblasted by this game. If you enjoy ""engineering"" productivity/efficiency games or programming games or games where you build a contraption and watch it work (infinifactory, human resources machine) then you will probably enjoy this as much/more."
,Recommended,427520,22221434,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DJDWIZARD,"WOW. An amazing game. I havn't wrote many reviews but I had to for this game. It is very very addictive. The deeper you get, the more you automate and construct a mega factory. My current build I am producing 1K green chips a minute.Well worth a look. Download the demo from their website. Be warned though. Once you start. You wont stop. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22108274,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TheOrangeOfLife,"When I realised I was hungry, I attempted to get up off my seat and realised I had forgotten how to walk."
,Recommended,427520,21867597,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,saunderez,The building game to end all building games. It makes others in the genre look like PlaySkool Babies First Builder. Considering the game is currently at v0.126 I can't even imagine what v1.0 is going to be like.Automate the world - you won't regret it.
76561198128133674,Recommended,427520,22100033,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Flux Stick Blender,"it's a really good game but some problems,more types of enemiesmore types of guns or upgradesand better vehicles"
76561197986994936,Recommended,427520,22079667,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Agent Neigh,"This~~~Game~~~~~~~~Is :The Best Hidden GemSteam has to offer.When I saw this game I thought the price tag was too steep for an Indy game.When I played this game the last thing I thought of was what great value this game truly is because;I was too busy scratching my head from my self-created puzzles,I was laughing to hard at my own mistakes,Having the best day rekindling a fragile friendship though the best Indy co-op experience steam has to offer!9/10 and this is just in early access,Color me impressed.TLDR; Don't be fooled by the 10$ graphics, this game is worth every Co-opper!"
76561198048118139,Recommended,427520,21836048,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sgtcuddles,"this game is great, at first many people say they think the game has no goal which pushes them away, but they are totally wrong. you evolve after every new factory you do. this games only limit is the player. this is an extremely addicting game and you should buy it already."
76561198007007187,Recommended,427520,27216800,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Napalmwes,"Always something to build, move, connect, upgrade, remove, change, research, clear, fill, empty, automate, ... you get my drift. If you have time to kill, this is the time killer for you. (No time will be refunded on purchase of this game.)"
,Recommended,427520,25661163,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SoulsDevorer,"This Game is so amazing. As a developer myself, I see all the posibility there is and there is more content in this game that I'd had thought when buying it. It's like you can go for hours on designing and producing things, then you look at your window and think ""Oh f. I forgot to sleep. Ah yeah, need to produce more energy before.""A must have for all logic/optimization fans here !"
,Recommended,427520,21550771,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sheepy,"If you value your time don't get this game. It's addictive and super fun! Devs also listen, and communicate alot."
,Recommended,427520,21544887,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Uncle Moe,Played 6 hours straight the first time I played it.It's gr8/8
,Recommended,427520,25390925,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Polimer Jones,One of the best games out there.
76561198059981878,Recommended,427520,21486884,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,o-(-< George Mcfly,I'm sure the other reviews speak for themselves but if you loved making redstone builds in minecrcaft or crazy machines in feed the beast / fortresscraft etc...then you'll probably get hooked on this game worse than crack.
,Recommended,427520,21924318,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,High King Herb,"Somebody found out how to liquify pure addiction, then molded it into a game called Factorio.I'm hooked."
,Recommended,427520,24918952,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Actual Luke Skywalker,We had tons of fun playing this game in multiplayer. But tbh this game is only for you if you are into managing things. If you have the patience to fight yourself through a kinda dull early game this game picks up pace really fast and becomes a lot of fun. And there are also really great mods for this game. I can recommend this game if you love manager games otherwise i'd recommend to wait buying into this until its in is final to see if they are able to polish this game so that its caters to a broader audience of players.
76561198004912729,Recommended,427520,22870189,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,flyboy254,"So after I took my first Early Access shot with Offworld Trading, I decided that I should try some of these smaller independent projects instead of bigger AAA titles and the Russian roulette of pre-order. I wasn't disappointed.Factorio is deceptively simple and amazingly complex, and I found myself easily getting sucked in as I continually gathered, built, and repaired. The mechanics are simple, the crafting system relatively easy to understand, and even though I've barely made it to the stage of the game where I can build radar systems, I'm not easily able to stop and turn to something else on my computer. Only Fallout has immersed me more, and this game managed to do it for the low price of $20. Definitely a game for when you get home after a long day and just want to relax.As far as downsides go, I can't see where the eventual endgame is, though this will probably arrive with the final product. Also, perhaps the factories can produce materials more quickly? I keep hitting walls when it comes to production. But then, that's a nitpick, and nitpicks are the specks of dust on what is in this case a full three-course meal.I can't wait to see the full version, and hope that the developers continue to expand an already amazing game world.EDIT: Having said all this, I do notice that certain objects in the game aren't readily obvious as to their function. Maybe some short tooltips or an encyclopedia that the player can view to get a better picture of what certain machines do?"
,Recommended,427520,22436351,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,CC-Corp,+1
,Recommended,427520,24551432,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Enter_name_here7,"This game is amazing, I would recommend it to anyone that is interested in games like these"
76561197973427884,Recommended,427520,25710841,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,abledime,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Seriosly, don't buy it.  You will regrret it .  It will destroy your life.Sleep will become a thing of the past.This game is ADDICTIVE.  I mean REALLY addictive.Factorio is serisoly fun, You will spend hours perfecting your layout, Then you will research trains. OH my GOD TRAINS !!!!!Then your materials wont be being produced fast enough, so you will re-perfect your factory layout.Then you need plastic. so you will build refineries. so you will re-perfect your factory.Then you will look and see the pre-dawn light of morning and realise that you have played strait through the night, but hey who needs sleep.I've moved the kettle next to the PC so I don't even have to move to make my favoirite caffeen drink.I had a family...once now I have Factorio.The gameplay is immensive and the Derv is providing regular updates. That combined with a thrivig MOD community makes Factorio a great game.But and be warned its a BIG but, this game will destroy you life. you will lose friends and family. Sleep will be a distane memory.  convayer belt layouts will swim before your eyes.You will wake, feverish with thoughts of improvements and how to implement them,you will spend hours repositioing the layout to imporve production.THEN you realsie that you can impemenmt full logic gates and everything needs to change.again.all the while you are protecting you factory from aliens ( well technically you are the alien and they are the poor indignious lifeform  whose planet you are destroying in the name of progress.)so you build a tank. A TANKSO let me reitierate. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME its far too fun.You have been warned, oh and welcome to the best game on Steam."
,Recommended,427520,24065547,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,A Cat in A Box,"Ten out of ten, would decimate local populace of swarming insects with giant steel boot of industry again."
76561197998490326,Recommended,427520,28105764,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Eirala,"TL;DR: Addicting sandbox building game with excellent execution and great devs that support modding actively(bullet point Pros/Cons at the bottom)If you like sandbox games and to build things, you will probably have a lot of fun with this game. While still in early access, it is already very polished and there is lots of content to be had. Basically you start building a factory from scratch, expanding it with time, setting up train networks to deliver raw materials to be processed and setting up production chains so at the end of the day you can build and launch a rocket.While the rocket is the official end goal, the fun is in all the little things: creating designs to produce something and constantly improving on those designs. Planning how much of one item you need to produce to make something else out of it in the quantities you need. Setting up a train network (trains are fun). On every step of the way you need to make decisions, and design sub-factories, and there are lots of ways of doing any of that. This really is a sandbox game in that every person will play it differently, because there are so many ways of doing things.A typical playthrough will last between 10 and a few dozen hours, depending on how important launching the rocket is to you. It is by no means what you have to do to have fun in this game though and you don't have to do it at all, just expanding your factory and setting yourself personal goals are just as fun. Or you can go the other extreme and try to make one rocket per minute, which will require quite a big base.The technical side is great. It is very well optimized already, which it needs to be to have dozens to hundreds of thousands of moving objects with collision detection and still run at 60 fps. There are very few bugs despite early access, and if an update introduces a major bug another update is usually out in a few hours (!).You can also play with several hundreds (!) of people in multiplayer. They realized their old code was bad so they just overhauled it completely and allow for these ridiculous numbers of people.There are also weekly updates by the devs on what they are working on in quite a bit of detail. Plus several devs are active on the subreddit.The mod support is fantastic. The devs are even about to add an option part in the menu just for mods.Mods available are also great and numerous. Ranging from Quality of Life mods to complete overhauls that increase the complexity by many times, or make it into a survival game.While the vanilla game is great in itself and does not get boring quickly at all, with mods it becomes a game with basically unlimited replayability and very high customizability. Writing mods yourself is also very easy.The one part i don't like too much is enemies. Your factory produces pollution which attracts enemies so you have to defend yourself with walls, turrets and personal weapons. It's overall just nothing special and becomes an annoying chore relatively quickly with higher enemy settings. However, since the focus is definitely the base building part this does not have too much impact on the overall game. Plus some things will get changed, an artillery train :) will be added and enemy bases will no longer drop items you need for research and to build certain items, so combat will be less important and playing without enemies at all will become viable without mods too.I also liked the achievements a lot. (Note: You have to play without mods, and for some without peaceful mode (peaceful = enemies don't attack if not attacked first).)Especially the speedrun achievements to finish in under 15 and under 8 hours are really great because they force you to really optimize your base building process and only do what is necessary. It helps a lot to learn some good practices.On a final and not 100% serious note, the one thing that really bothers me is just how hard it is to put this game down. The only game i can compare Factorio to in this regard is KSP. I've literally had it happen that i wanted to to go bed ""in 10 minutes"". The next time i looked at the clock it was 3 hours later. There's just always something to do, one area to expand, need one more resource outpost, ... . Don't be surprised if you start designing things in your dreams either.And if you've read until here but are still in doubt, i suggest to just try the free demo. It gives a good impression of the game.PROS:- great sandbox game concept, well executed and balanced- well optimized- basically bug free- great replayability- great mod support- devs communicate a lot- fun achievements- multiplayer with up to hundreds of people- free demoNEUTRAL:- combat is not terrible but could be betterCONS:- none, really"
,Recommended,427520,23025699,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ziad10a,"-Coal Coal Coal ...-Keep respawning till I'm in a good spot-SOMEONE KILL THESE DOGS-One inserter, two inserters, three...-Coal Coal oh wait ! I have powerCan't describe enough the game, it's amazingMy favorite two things.(AUTOMATION + MICROMANAGE)And it's still early access10/10"
76561198008555188,Recommended,427520,24016684,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Uthuran,"If you've read about the game or saw a screenshot and were even slightly interested, BUY IT.  All the reviews sound the same for a reason...I started playing the game and.. ""Hmm seems like it might have potential""*Eight hours later*""Oh *%#! This game rocks""- Great for developing problem solving skills.- Great for kids- Great for Lean work exercises- Great for intellectuals wanting a challenge- Great modding community with lots of potentialJust don't forget about your friends and family IRL"
76561198031046970,Recommended,427520,24139315,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,brent,Someone said something to me that summed up this game quite well:  It's like crack for programmers.
,Recommended,427520,22599793,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Worldtrekka,"Factorio is a rare game in a class all it's own. I've barely scratched the surface of this game and it scares me how brilliant it is.  Factorio is a game where you solve one logistical problem, only to be greeted by another.  Soon you realize that things aren't as efficient as they could be, so you knock everything down and rebuild.  At some point you realize it's 5AM and you have work in 3 hours.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,427520,22493632,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Logan's Memes,oh my godmore addictive than cocaine
,Recommended,427520,23915615,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,2+2 iz faw -1 iz tree kwik maffs,"This is the first game I've played since I got a full time job, where I've been stuck in the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have to get up for work in four hours"" position.It's 20 bucks, you'd pay more for dinner, just buy it already."
,Recommended,427520,26004376,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,gilgatex,How did I not recommend this game yet?  I recommend this game.
,Recommended,427520,22811031,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,LeKlette,You won't belive how fun this game is until you try it :D10/10 - Would kill harmless animals again to further my science research.
76561198040810914,Recommended,427520,22836956,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bobbinator7,"This is my addition. Who thought of this?!?!Anyway, so if you liked games like citysims, transport tycoon, building industry in games with economy, and being creative about all of it....you're gonna like this game. There is a progression system. There a serious economy of industry from only a handful of raw material resources. If you like puzzles and optimizing systems, you're going to be addicted to this game. I consider myself very good with this sorts of stuff, but 50hrs in and I've still got plenty to learn and do better.Combat/Survival: There is definitely a tower defense feel to the game early on. I do wish there was a little more variety of enemies or combat objectives, but I guess that keeps you from being distracted by the point of the game."
76561198150888348,Recommended,427520,30046548,Posted: 19 February,all,codydozer,Yes. 10/10 visually pleasing to see all the iron and copper flow. Has epic flamethrower.Would flame again (can burn base down)#AddictedToConveyorBelts
,Recommended,427520,21620087,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tsung,"This game is a resounding yes vote. Only noticed it on Steam the other night, bought it, ended up playing it for 7hrs solid! Proper timesink thou', get the game,zget some friends, and start building your own factory :DI recorded a short let's play video.https://youtu.be/cqHHvrz0T2I"
,Recommended,427520,21568926,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Jox,"A beautiful game with a ridiculous amount of content. I keep coming back, ""I'll just add this.. Oh now that is lacking, I'll improve it.. Oh now this.."" and before you know it, it's morning.Vanilla content is enough for over 10 hours. Mods add infinitely more.Plus, it has multiplayer!"
76561198094803551,Recommended,427520,22841875,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,jm.chrisostome,"BEWARE!This game is dangerously addictive!I've tried first with the free demo, then few hours after i've bought the full game and now, i'm spending lot of time to play this game.It's not the most beautiful game i've seen indeed, but the mechanism are so interesting that i can't stop playing.I'm happy to buy an early access game for this time.Try to keep some time to go eat and live normaly :-)"
,Recommended,427520,21660103,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,KiLL3r,Played this game when it first came out and was blown away. Came back a week ago and its just as addictive as ever. You need to play this!!!
,Recommended,427520,23091834,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Slaanesh,the second best game on steam!
,Recommended,427520,29554514,Posted: 28 January,all,DA_REAL_SPA-TUNZX92,i was going to review this game but i got high
,Recommended,427520,23403291,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,This is how you make a factory game! A prime example!This game sets the bar.
,Recommended,427520,21504102,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Khaydawg,"A pleasure to play, simple to play challenging to master"
,Recommended,427520,30247564,Posted: 28 February,all,R3nko,One of the best Puzzle games ever.The Fact that you are the one standing in the way of solving your own Puzzle is best.
76561198273886244,Recommended,427520,22826308,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Masterchurch12 CSGOSpeed.com,"This game is awesome, keep up the good work"
,Recommended,427520,22824644,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Xmat,"I do not usually upvote games on steam, but this game deserves it.It is fun. It is creative. It is long-lasting. It does not have bugs. I do not regred any cent of 20 € cost and I would it buy again for even more, much more."
76561197980237478,Recommended,427520,22873355,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dontinquire,Maybe the most ridiculously entertaining game I have ever played in my 2 decades as a hardcore gamer. The gameplay is silky smooth and it's honestly not super tedious like a lot of other crafting games. It's amazing.
,Recommended,427520,22485034,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dawnbringer6,i love this game but ive been getting a few bugs in it like when no matter what i do me and my friend do we cant get multiplayer to work so can you please add in easy steam multiplayer instead of using ip stuff
76561198079622894,Recommended,427520,22568661,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hanvo,This game is bad for my health. I keep forgetting that time doesnt freeze when I play this game...
76561198006890918,Recommended,427520,22622407,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Estarc,"I initially thought this game sounded a bit meh. Factories. Bleh. But after watching a couple videos on YouTube I found myself wanting to play it straight away. Now, less than a week after purchase I am over 30 hours in. This game is addicting.The joy of moving from a basic coal powered burner dumping resources into a wood chest to a massive, sprawling complex haphazardly sending resources where they need to go is just amazing. A lot of the time you will know you have done something in a very inefficient way, but just managing to move stuff where it needs to go will feel you with pride. Once you start on with automation and start automatically turning base resources into items which you move somewhere else to make more items to move elsewhere to make the items you need to progress you will feel like the coolest person alive. :)Tutorials are lacking atm and you will often find yourself lost. Thanfully there are tutorial videos being made by the community and posted to places such as YouTube. But the best way to learn is to get in a co-op game and figure things out with a friend. Two brains are better than one. You might find yourself doing nothing for minutes at a time as you try to puzzle out the logistics of making your factory work, but I cannot overstate the triumphand pride you will feel once you make it happen.Absolutely amazing early access game. Extremely in-depth and rewarding game. The promise of regular updates fills me with anticipation. I feel most early access games are just gloryfied beta tests. This doesn't feel that way to me. I would encourage anyway who is intrigued by this game to buy it, even if you normally ignore early access games (like I do)."
,Recommended,427520,22503018,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,AmericanWhip,WOULD DEFINIETLY RECOMMNED TO MY BEST MATE ASHLEY DEMPSTER
,Recommended,427520,22701597,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Polski Śnieg,Just try the demo and never look back
,Recommended,427520,22710261,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,leveller,"One of the best games I've ever bought.Tactical, tricky, very clever, frustrating, wonderful, exciting. Resource management doesn't get more involved than this!Thank you devs!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,22709776,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Apex Assault,"There's not much left to say about Factorio. I personally think it's the absolute best resource management simulation game I've played. This reviews the pre-release but it has been a bug-free, crash-free adventure through automation and logic. The sheer satisfaction of improving your factory's efficiency in supply and demand chains cannot be described appropiately. Watching your mazes of conveyor belts invkoes a mysterious feeling... so satisfying and beautiful. Any way...You like building stuff? Check!You like programming robots? Check!You like organizing a complex railroad system? Check!You like immensely large worlds? Check!You like large research trees? Check!I really can't wait for updates, although the game feels complete already. However, I'm not yet past end-game so there's still a lot to discover! Just buy it already, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,427520,22783503,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Tan Edos,"Easy enough to grasp how things work, it's like factory planning on such a large scale I'm surprised Al Gore hasn't boycotted this game yet."
,Recommended,427520,22785825,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OutlawPinky,when are you gonna do multiplayer through steam!
,Recommended,427520,22788022,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Aichten,"So, I don't really ever write reviews, but I had to for this game.It is absolutely excellent.I got the demo at first, thinking that maybe I wouldn't quite enjoy it and was afraid of the $20 price for an early access game. Two hours later I had downloaded the full game on Steam, and was already beginning work on my first factory.Everything just keeps going and going- make this a bit more efficient here, add a new assembly line to increase production, add another row of mining drills to provide more iron, add another row of solar panels to account for the extra energy, and so on and so on.You can really drain hours into making the perfect factory and every single minute is incredibly fun. It nails almost all of the points it needs to, and if it doesn't, then there are mods.If you've enjoyed resource management games or Minecraft mods like Tekkit and Resonant Rise, then this game is a definite buy."
,Recommended,427520,21592700,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,mrmcmo,"This is an amazing game.This game is only in Alpha but its more finished than any Ubisoft game in the past couple of years.There will be a short review and then a pro and con list, skip to the end if you just want to see the list.The game is basically simple. You have to craft recourses. More resources lead to better crafting and so on and so forth. The concept itself is nothing new. But what is new is the way in which you do it. This game is a great mix of survival and puzzle. It reminds me a lot of Big Pharma in that you have to set up an efficient production, minimize waste and wait times but not have any overcapacity. But its not just about production but also survival.I don’t really care for the missions since they are sometimes not well explained, especially in the beginning I sometimes found that the game expected me to know something I didn’t. All in all the game was fairly simple to learn. Once you know how the game works you can then head into the Endless mode. Once there you only have one goal, launch a rocket into space. It is actually really tough to make it that far along in the game. You have to make sure that you base is secure but since it keeps growing this is actually a challenging task. After about 20 hours in mostly the same game I am almost ready to start with the preparations for a space mission. If you think that sounds boring, then you are mistaking. This game is constantly fun and challenges the player in many ways.I really do enjoy this game and I can highly recommend it to anyone that likes tycoon games, production focused games, recourse managing games, or ever puzzle gamers will have fun with this game.Pro:-	Fun-	Challenging-	Highly customizable-	Doesn’t get boring-	Many options in the way to set up your production-	Really fun-	AutoSaves work really wellMedium:-	Some objects are really really hard to make-	Some objects take forever to make-	Resources run out fairly fast and once they are gone you might have to move your base-	Enemies are really annoying at timesCons: (Mind you the game is in Alpha so I expect most of these to be resolved before its finished)-	Radius around the player in which you can build it too small (at least once you advance a little bit)-	I never have enough power. No matter what I do and how much solar energy panels I put down I can’t get enough power-	Only two ways to make electricity (Steam and Solar, both need A LOT of space)-	Logistic robots never work at full capacity ever when there is more stuff to do-	Combinators (a way to link buildings and control them through each other) is not well explained at all but offers near endless possibilities-	The map is somewhat repetitive-	Building a train is annoying as hell-	Connecting two far away settlements is somewhat frustrating (until you reach a certain point in the game)All in all I love this game and I can only recomend you buy it. Its worth the money for sure."
,Recommended,427520,22755136,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LeCancer,.
,Recommended,427520,22769067,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,eshaansharma,"Factorio urges the user to push boundaries of analytical thinking all the while being immersive, fun and highly addictive.It will run on even the most low-specced systems thanks to the developer's choice of sticking to old school graphics, but this does not imply that the gameplay is anything short of mind blowing.Giving logical and imaginative minds alike a grand chance to blend problem solving with creative artistry, Factorio's beauty lies in the satisfaction of of ""I built this"" moments -- which will be many, as you advance through this open game.Wube Software deserves a standing ovation for this concept!Looking forward, Factorio's world will hopefully evolve to include more widgets that we can manufacture and tinker around with -- the bigger and more complex objects users are able to create, the better!"
,Recommended,427520,22698642,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,LaughingKookaburra,"This game is a precise miniature replica of engineering disciplines, with all its implications and edges.All engineering problems commence by analysing use cases. A careful review of available resources is necessary when deciding the site of the factory. The lead engineer has to obtain an image of the actual workflow in mind, and to implement this image accordingly.Plan ahead is of utmost importance, as with the usual case in engineering. A clear design has to be achieved before actually laying down the factory, otherwise be prepared to pull down and start over.Robustness of the factory is important, so that it can resolve some of the minor jams/breakdowns by itself.Optimization of a manufacturing line starts from the first run and ends at its retirement. There is always a way to enhance your factory, since ""perfection"" is not really a thing in engineering.Technological renovation happens all the time. So get prepared to learn and embrace new and more efficient ways of doing things all the time. Sometimes it is hard to be determined to set aside time to learn them, but it is beneficial in the long run.Compromises happen all over the place in engineering. Most of the time, it is not possible to maximize in every available sectors and trade-offs are common practice. Budget, space, time, human factors, they all could become limiting factors and render the initial plan useless. We engineers accept them, and work around them as much as we could.Try out every new stuff. That's what an engineer will do.Disassemble stuffs. You'll only understand the mechanics inside by disassembling them. If you break something in the process, fix it then.Lazy people cannot become good engineers. They shouldn't consider becoming engineers at the first place. Engineers are a group of people who trainI think this game should be pushed to be included in the curriculum of engineering students."
,Recommended,427520,22666890,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Orgasmic Potato,"This game will change the way you play video games forever. Guarenteed.This is a game where you start from nothing and become everything.You start out as a human decended onto a planet with seemingly nothing but trees, oceans, and land as far as your map expandsas you become more aware of your surroundings you start cutting down trees and mining various ores in your vicinity.Eventually you end up building mining machines to mine the ores for you, and furnaces to create metals from the ore.As you start to pollute the environment, the natives of the planet come and try to put a stop to your madness.But before they can touch you, you've built walls around your area, and turrets to defend your base.Eventually you start researching more technology to help you automate all of your manual tasks.Soon drones carry your ores around and assembly machines build anything you could ever need.As you expand your base into the endless horizon, you build cargo trains and lay track for miles, train stations that you've namedafter your children that you've disregarded to play this intoxicating game.Your cell phone rings on your desk and apparently you've missed 3 weeks of school and your friends think you died.This game creates a new life for you, legitimately. After playing for 12 hours straight, I had enough stuff automated that I could leave the game running while i went to school and saw my friends. Everyday I come home to check on my ever increasing base with only one human running the show, me.If you don't know whether this game is worth your money, or your time, try it and you'll get drunk on it.This is my first steam review and it was needed because of how great this game is even before it's release."
,Recommended,427520,21877830,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Hossra,"I have played steam games for roughly 1,154 hours. Although this is not nearly close to others, this amount of time has collected vast amounts of memories both hilarious and frustrating (thanks CSGO). In those 1,154 hours, the 30 that I dedicated to this ""early access game"" are the most unique, interesting, and addicitve hands down.The positive aspects of Factorio from a moderate gamer's perspective.-ScienceFactorio is a sandbox game that proves to constantly introduce new goals to its audience. This is accomplished by its diverse and intuitive research dynamic. By progressing in the game, new items and structures are introduced allowing the player to further expand his/her creation through automation. Not only is this aspect of the game balanced, but it progesses the game at a pace which keeps you glued to the screen needing one more minute. I don't want to go into detaill about how science is made and such since this is only a review, but the main point I want to make is that this base gameplay experience is extremely addictive and makes the game aweome as a whole.-CombatNot only is combat relatively rare in these types of games, but if it is implemented, it is not oftenly made well. Let me tell you, Factorio is different. The fighting in this game is extremely balanced with the player not too weak or too strong in comparison to enemies. Instead, Factorio allows the player to research new military technologies to combat evolving natives that threaten their factory. Due to the constant growth rate of enemies and military strength, the game provides the player with a relatively constant need to stay alert and defend their base. By doing this, Factorio seperates from other automation and resource managing games by including two objectives: Automation and killing angry natives.-AutomationPut simply, Factorio presents automation as one of the most fluid concepts the player has to learn. In Factorio, the player is forced to use their own imaginitive ideas in combination with the game-built designs in order to create an efficient factory. Although this may take a few tries and possibly a quick search on youtube, the feeling of accomplishment after automating a certain process is extremely rewarding unlike any other game I have played.The negative aspects of Factorio.-Tutorial/Learning curveAn essential part of any game is teaching the audience how to play. Although the built-in tutorial teaches basic aspects of the game, I feel that in order to make a late-game factory, a player is forced to consult other resources for advice. This small, but critical characteristic is immensely important for casual gamers, but will most certainly be addressed during the full release of the game.-End GoalLike other reviewers, I feel the need for a greater end goal for Facotrio. I will keep this negative short though since the develpoers are working on this issue for the full release.-ConclusionIn conclusion, Facotorio is most definitely an immensely polished game that deserves 100% positive reviews. The moddability and interaction with the community simply adds onto the already amazing game making it a masterpiece. Please do yourself a facor and play the free demo so that you can experience this fluid-like gameplay like the rest of us."
76561197978338455,Recommended,427520,24906549,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SzefKotłowni,Don't start if you cannot have a free weekend.
76561198234443184,Recommended,427520,25061723,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,PsychoHarley,Good game :)
76561198008388415,Recommended,427520,24956097,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ameryth Valente,Simple concepts reproduced into a complex and challenging resource management game.
76561198017098908,Recommended,427520,30901259,Posted: 2 April,all,Evolnoob,"""Stable"". for an alpha game those 6 letters should be enough to anyone to understand that this game is awesome.played for hours and didn't found a single bug... never crashed... all interaction are stable with no some random crazy reaction.The idea itself it's simple but its scalabilty make this game simple incredible.it feels sometimes a little incomplete, and that's why it's an alpha, but at the same time i can't actually see a limit to this game. Looking forward for the future improvements."
,Recommended,427520,25494218,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,tkachuk9292,"An excellent game, I highly recommend it.Positive Aspects:- The game is exactly what it says it is. There is no false advertising.- The game hits the right balance between complexity and simplicity. Specifically: you can automate just about everything. So, if you build your factory correctly, you only need to do any given complex task [once] and never again. This keeps the game from becoming repetitive.- The ability to craft something in your inventory signigicantly helps from being bogged down by minor details, such as needing just one more unit of that resource and having to run to the other side of the map to acquire it.- The game is actively being worked upon and the updates actually [improve] the experience.Negative aspects:- Honestly, the only real negative aspect I can mention is the lack of a proper ingame tutorial. However, seeing as the game is still in Early Access, this makes sense. It would be a huge waste of time to create a tutorial now for functionalities that are going to change by the time of the final release.Additionally, there are quite a few video guides and online tutorials available, so whenever you get stuck not understanding how something works (which does happen farily frequently, initially), you can find help in a matter of minutes."
76561198076574882,Recommended,427520,24592354,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Michael_593,"A survival game with a heavy aim at automation. Overall I'm in love and the videos on steam do a great job at showing some of the cool stuff you can do and there is a ton more out there with mods, and for an early access game I'm excited to see where the devs go as they add more content.Edit: In my old review I talked about how the way they did multiplayer was just not good. I'm super happy to say that the devs on Factorio are reworking the multiplayer and the current test version works great."
,Recommended,427520,25363255,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,longshotnl,This is now one of my favorite games.Its really fun and original.You can play a speed run or play just for fun without stress like city skylines.Now its also possible to play online with others.I think this game is brilliant.One thing they have to fix is to ban people from online game modes who log in just to ruin your factory. I don't understand how these people can play anyhow. Their own computers should be broken already.
76561198006224586,Recommended,427520,25364717,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,qedness,What an amazing and complex game! My desire to automate all is dominating. Must keep playing...
,Recommended,427520,25366884,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Electroholic,Probably one of the best games I have played in the last decade. I haven't really played video games since my teenage years but this game had me hooked for hours.
,Recommended,427520,25588419,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ShadoLord,"I could write a long and detailed review about how this is one of the greatest games I've ever played, but this is one of the like, 4 games on Steam that comes with a demo. I'll let that do the talking."
76561198117208236,Recommended,427520,30892823,Posted: 1 April,all,SuperSoldierJoe,"I sold my soul for this game...Also my job, social life, and any hope of reproduction."
,Recommended,427520,24914762,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Stels,"I remember seeing a review about how if you solve a problem, another problem will pop up. And another review saying it was 100% true. It is 100% true.This game is very well made and has enough content to keep you going for hours and hours while still being in early access. Honestly, 8 hours feels like 20 minutes.There is multiplayer and if you know how to port forward (Port 34197), you can avoid using programs like hamachi if you want to play with friends."
76561198197512410,Recommended,427520,22086052,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Bootleg Boy,"If for some unknown reason you want to know what having an addiction feels like, play this game."
76561198146600823,Recommended,427520,21754550,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Recky,Sat down to play this at around 9 in the morn. Then procceded to play it for 7 hours straight. If you like late 90s- early 2000 management games like dungeon keeper etc. then this is your jam. Oh and back pains.....
,Recommended,427520,24592166,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ｊｏｎ ☭ Ｓｎｏ,I recommend this game
76561198177129386,Recommended,427520,24535921,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Starfreak,Owned this game for 3 days and I have 15 hours of gameplay goodness
,Recommended,427520,22572371,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,roybalcx,♥♥♥♥♥s crack yo
76561197968567694,Recommended,427520,24382724,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,khajiiti,"If you enjoy Minecraft and similar games, you'll absolutely love this one. Play it by figuring things out yourself before checking out guides and you'll have a blast."
,Recommended,427520,22034445,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sixty Space,Absolutely amazing game. Definitely one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198041575238,Recommended,427520,23077881,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Shreker,Best game I've played in quite some time!
,Recommended,427520,25517653,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,plebeppo,i cant stop playing someone help
,Recommended,427520,21560037,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,✪ Nerd Police,"I have played this game solo until Steel Furnaces, with 1 friend until around the same level of technology, and with 2 friends to just barely researching automation 2, and already I have been amazed with the amount of fun this game is and how creative it allows me to be.  Just looking into the research tree to plan my next moves is an incredibly fun puzzle not even counting how to manage so many different things at once, and learn the most efficient way to use my resources and products.  11/10 User Review.   I would gift this to everyone on my friends list if I could afford to."
76561198259800554,Recommended,427520,22910673,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GoingTitan90333,GOOD
76561197973287259,Recommended,427520,23695712,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Kikkoman,"A game that relies upon player inginuity, puzzle solving ability, and creativity to create their own personalized factory in a survival situation.  Deslpite having no fancy 3D graphics, or player vs player combat, Factorio pulls off what could be the next great success story in PC gaming.Pros....Addictive as hell.Simple graphics that perform remarklably well on a large scale.While the tier'd research system and multi-step production setup of the factories and their components offer amazing depth, it handles it in a controlled fashion that can teach even the most novice of PC gamers how to play.Beguiling simplicity, that quickly reveals itself to be complex and challenging without crushing the player.A soundtrack you can listen to outside of the game, rivaling major games in its beauty and almost perfect scene setting nature.Very mod friendly.Adjustable difficultly, with the ability to turn off the combat element and play full sandbox mode.Multiplayer support and quick load times.Cons....Multiplayer with more than 4 people seems to cause lag issues.Alien evolution outstrips your research about 15 hours into the game, making attacking large hives rather tricky for someone who has access to sophisticated weaponry.To sum it up...Play the demo, do you like what you see?  Buy it, buy it now!The full version is, for the lack of a better word, amazing."
,Recommended,427520,23697277,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ike,"Ever play a game where people find they can't complain about anything? Well, you've found one. Content so perfect that you will only find yourself enjoying every hour you throw at it Factorio will keep you coming.A general rundown of what it has to offer?-Endless hours of creation. You have an end goal, but you will have a blast getting there every time. Shoot, you may never get to it because you found yourself having too much time building an ever expanding factory. Even after the end game? You can keep going!-Replayablity! Every time you start a new game you have a brand new map generated from a list of selections. Every game you start will you will have to think and build according to what you are given. Every new game is a new experience and every experience can easily last a long time/-Mods. Everyone loves mods and Factorio's community loves producing them! This also expands on the game's replayability.Some call this Minecraft on steroids, though it is not. It is its own very unique game and if you enjoy building, thinking and tinkering it might just be for you.Performance wise the game runs great on most of everything."
,Recommended,427520,23688387,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Apollonian Rift,"Factorio is a great game and I do recommend it, to a certain point. I've gotten to the point in my life where video games just don't feel the same anymoire, and it takes a really amazing game to get me addicted and playing for hours without getting bored. Factorio was that game. I played it through the night and didn't stop, something I haven't done for over a decade. There is always something to do, always something to keep up with and manage and, while it can be overwhelming at times (especially when your base starts being attacked by aliens A LOT), is always satisfying in the end. Also, the learning curve is very smooth in the beginning. Crafting is simple and the machines you use to build your base are easy to use in creative ways. HOWEVER, the farther you make it through the game, the steeper the learning curve gets. I look at all the new things I need to craft and I don't know how any of them work. Yes, I could look it up and learn every single thing to learn about this game, but to me, that overwhelming learning curves ruins the experience and turns me off to playing the game again.TL;DR: The game is amazing. When you build a world, you most likely won't stop playing for at least the first six hours. After that point however, when your world becomes more advanced and you get closer and closer to end game, the learning curve steepens tremendously. Whether it's worth it to you is your choice, and I may come back to learn everything (that's how truly addicting this game is), but for right now, the curve is too much."
76561198176052575,Recommended,427520,24096571,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mighty Ficolas,"Like crack, I like crack."
,Recommended,427520,24097455,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shiria13,The hours just fly by playing this game.
76561198128766105,Recommended,427520,29778886,Posted: 8 February,all,Awaund,"This is a grate game for nerds and thoes who have the true spirite of an engineer in them.there is practicality no limit to what you can produce.It is very easy to learn the basic, but hard to pull of, and there is practicly no skill sealing.Sometimes it can feel relly grindy but knowing that there allways will be able to make somthing to make the procces quickerIt a really great game with a lot of motivation ;D 8/10"
,Recommended,427520,23915256,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Divinity,Perfect
,Recommended,427520,23745952,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Somnium,This is a 2D survival game with complex development and structure. Optimizing things like Transport Tycoon on steroids. And even allows you play as a character / tank during your battles. This is insane great!Combines everything that is great!
76561198048228260,Recommended,427520,23894298,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pacifyer,"I have played multiple hundreds of games since early 90s and I have seen really much.But this game is really something absolutely outstanding and it has drawn my attention for quite some time. It is so awesome that I even decided to write my first review on Steam.It makes you think, learn, plan, explore, adopt. It has a really great ways to let you make and fix your mistakes. Peaceful mode makes the learning curve even more smooth even for a child. One thing has to be said - this is the first game I have let my 8 year son play cause it has no aggression involved.You can make random goals for yourself and reach them. Creativity in this game flows through the roof!This game may confuse you with simplistic graphics but after an hour of play you will definitely forget about this and at some point you will understand that this limitation is absolutely unavoidable looking at the scale of what you are building and looking at.If you want a game that defies modern rules of game design - Factorio is a 100% game of choice here!"
76561198079561604,Recommended,427520,30418147,Posted: 9 March,all,Dark Lord Willy,gr8
,Recommended,427520,23846415,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jeremiah the Wolf,"this is the game for the industrialist, not the novist, the industrialist. be prepared for anuprising from the locals if you decide to build a factory that polutes the area, tanks usualy do the job. I would personaly handle any uprising with friends if you have to do it face to face.when building a railroad, use common sense and watch for the high-speed bullets, unless you have super armour, they will kill you. now go and buy the game and build factorys, and explore the stars with the a rocket you can build."
,Recommended,427520,21796790,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,satan.,I'm now obsessed by conveyor belts. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,25418500,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr-Sleepless,"I honestly was buying this game with high hopes. When I saw the small download size I was a little disappointed. After opening the game I was suddenly transported 13 hours into the future. My expectations were shattered into pieces as they got blown out of the water. I still don't understand the time-warping abilities encoded within this game, but anytime I fire up Factorio I lose a few more hours to the abyss!Overall, Excellent game. Great gameplay, awesome support, honest dev's. It's the real deal. If you like management/tycoon/building/creative/survival or really if you just have eyes and hands, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,427520,22327984,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SlicedPoet,IT'S SOOO GOOOD *3* It reminded me of the modpacks on minecraft where you can automate everything11dy7/10
,Recommended,427520,25520026,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MikeyyLikesIT,10/10 would spend 400 more hours on this game. Hella Fun!
,Recommended,427520,25538983,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Daminat0r,"Started playing. Went from having not enough belts to having too many logistics robots within the space of a few hours. 10/10 would play again.Great game, keep up the good work."
76561198077851728,Recommended,427520,23774653,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Alecay,"An absolutely amazing game, especially if you are like me and love the logistics behind things, ie working out how to make complex systems function efficently, or just at all. This game is not for those who do not like complexity, it is for those who see it as a challenge to take on. Don't get me wrong this game also makes use of your time management skills and inner childish love of destruction, as the ever growing pollution of your base angers the indigenous wildlife (constantly mutanting and growing bugs/ aliens) and they begin to attack. I can not think of a better game that offers that puzzle like problem solving that I first found playing minecraft tekkit. If you want a real challenge after completing the base game, I recommend Bob's Mods, a modpack (just google it) I just started playing  and it is so far amazingly even more complex and dangerous than the base game. Love this game and its 100+ hours of content, especially with the ease to install mods and the avalibility of mods from the community."
,Recommended,427520,23293003,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Microsoft Outlook,"ALthough the graphic are... well... ****, the game and the mechanics are amazing and very intresting.Just like with Minecraft i'd recommend first playing the game through vanilla before then start going through all the amzing mods on offer"
76561198041992944,Recommended,427520,23125162,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,LukesVater,"Someone named it the mother of all micromanagement games and this is definitely true. I spent dozens of hours finetuning my sprawling factory complex, exploring new ore fields for my ever-hungry gargantuan and invading the alien camps. Love it!"
,Recommended,427520,23130662,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,*FUSION* ItzTaco,"I've only played this game for 4 hours. These hours were of the most finest hours I've ever spent  gaming. This game is absolutely great, and considering this is in early stages, there will be even more great additions to this game to make it more interesting. It's great on the FPS even if you have a terrible computer like me, and all in all, this game is the best in every category. I'd love to see how this game will turn out it the future."
76561197986455590,Recommended,427520,23131832,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,0x90,This game combines the best moments of problem solving found in engineering or programming into a continuous stream.The satisfaction of optimizing routines or building new systems is intense.
,Recommended,427520,23111071,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hella Nutella,"Love this game, however don't play it when you have exams in a few days."
76561198093709687,Recommended,427520,22403764,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,TALON | Lightsout3212,"Love this game! I get to kill stuff, create stuff, and collect stuff! I AM A GOD!"
76561198154968498,Recommended,427520,23295993,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Arken,ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
76561198025165907,Recommended,427520,23182553,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JollyWombat,"Progressing through this game was a lot of fun but somewhere around 20-30 hours I hit the end game and the spell was broken. Combat is a major part of the game but it never really evolves, you circle strafe or you die. While offensively your chronically underpowered, on defense the exact opposite is true: with good base design and an eye on your pollution output getting to endgame conditions is pretty easy. That was great while I was figuring out the mechanics, but by the time I was building the rocket I was really hoping for some other challenge or freedom to wage a more aggressive military campaign. Neither happened, my offensive capabilities never became overpowered despite my best efforst and my defenses never got overrun. I don't regret buying the game but I really hope that more content or different strategies become available in late game."
,Recommended,427520,23202050,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jacksonj04,"A game which appeals to all of my logistics loving, base building, resource managing desires, and does so brilliantly well. The gameplay itself is well balanced enough to be challenging, with good feedback if you try expand too quickly or do too much but nothing which is prohibitively difficult. As an added bonus, the delightfully simple graphics (it reminds me a lot of classic Command and Conquer) mean that my laptop's battery isn't obliterated, making it a perfect time-waster for the train.This is also a game which seems to be bucking the trend of most early access titles in that in its current form it feels very finished and well worth the asking price. In 44 hours of gameplay I haven't had a single crash, and that includes playing both single and multiplayer with very large, complex bases (as well as doing things in the map editor, console and modding). There are still a few obviously rough edges, but the team are both addressing those problems and keeping players up to date through regular blog posts.If you like this kind of game, Factorio is a brilliant example of the genre. Grab the demo and give it a whirl."
76561198202105977,Recommended,427520,23161364,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Xeroliphe,"Amazing, Deep. Could get lost for hundreds of hours"
,Recommended,427520,23350715,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,dashie.xyz,Just wanted to gice Thumbs up becouse i thin it's a great game.
76561198014060293,Recommended,427520,23427241,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Squeezy,"Great game, Lots of fun. Looking forward to texture packs and expansions."
,Recommended,427520,23445754,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Meikko,"Game is amazing!  I will say that although I really enjoy the game and would gladly pay the 20 bucks for 60+ hours of enjoyment, I find it hard to play once you have basically researched and unlocked all of the technologies. At this point all I can hope for is some really cool mods from the community or more vanilla updates to the game.  Get it though, it is genius and extremely fun, even more so with a friend."
,Recommended,427520,23376987,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,L.L.T.S. Vadim,"It's amazing, you couldn't have wished more for your 20$."
76561198167528788,Recommended,427520,23391082,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,box,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS GR8
,Recommended,427520,22737676,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Leviathan The PImP,This game was good till markiplier played this now everyone thinks i play this because of him. No he has autism
76561198139346883,Recommended,427520,21543487,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,MrDocBrown,"This game is really quite very good! Heaps to learn, heaps to consider. Not recommended if you only want to play a few hours. This game takes a while to be fully explored/mastered!"
76561198204881653,Recommended,427520,23348696,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,nonlinear*****,"A great value. I got alot more out of this game than I expected.Also, there are alot of great mods once you finish the main game.Good work, devs!"
,Recommended,427520,23220276,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Xtra_Random,Awesme game about automation! Video trailers very good and useful. Immediately made me want the game.
76561197972118911,Recommended,427520,23277159,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,I_Killed_Kenny,"I didn't think I would like it this much working in factory every day, but this game is just awesome."
,Recommended,427520,21759903,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Squanchy,
76561197968546263,Recommended,427520,22016117,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,UglyCow,"This game is awesome, but so so so deep.  I could lose hours just building a great economy.  Epically fun."
,Recommended,427520,22009941,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Hydra,"Wait, I've been playing for HOW long?"
76561197976218087,Recommended,427520,22086644,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mikenumbers,"A game about mass production and automation.Fun and easy to get into but takes a bit of creativity, time (and maybe a few restarts) to master things such as efficient, compact and nice looking production lines.Quite a few mods available for it, installing is as simple as putting the mod .zip file into the mods folder.Very well optimised for an early access game (or it could be the low requirements), had about 200 bots flying around full-time, hundreds of biter corpses outside the base walls, had a 1080p YouTube vid playing on second monitor and the game still ran buttery silky smooth.Extremely addictive, one of the few games in existence for me where 3 hours had passed in what felt like 30 minutes."
,Recommended,427520,21985558,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,pinky,"Great game. It would be worth paying 40 euro's for easy. So consider the full price of 20 a good offer.Graphics aren't great, but the gameplay is a solid 5/7 :)The game is already working great. Played 21 hours so far and i have only experienced 1 crash to desktop. Dont even know if this game caused it or if i just had to many things running.I still haven't finished a game. Although this could be because i have started a new game a couple of times.Beginning the game, you setup machines to mine and convert materials that you can then use to build stuff.But then you get to a point where you thing, why dont i set up production of the basic things so i dont have to run and build them, but instead just have to build the slightly more advanced things.Then shortly after you think, why am i running around building everything when i can just setup an assembly line to produce it.and it just escalates from there.This is a very fun and addictive game. Just buy it, it is totally worth the full price."
76561198027851706,Recommended,427520,21575709,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,donc4lzone,"Addicting and great fun. It finally satisfied all my desires to automate mining in games like Minecraft and delivers the complexity in production lines i always desired from Anno games. Also, unlike Anno, it has trains, so easy recommend!"
,Recommended,427520,23191702,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Awesomesause200,"This game... what is there to say that hasn't been already said?It has automation, a topdown view, basic pixilated graphics that fit the aesthetic. It has modding support, built in disabling of mods, so you don't have to mess around with the files, you can utilize them if you want to or not. It can be run off slower computers and it offers replay value with MANY ways to go about completing tasks. I have already done 38 hours, which I know isn't much compared to the rest of the community, but it is obvious that this game is worth the cheap price tag that it has now.Factorio for $20 is a steal at the moment, giving plenty of ways to play with friends or go crazy in single player.That said, I have a few notes for thedevsto look at:Multiplayer should be a tad bit easier to set up, for steam, you should be able to connect to each other through the friend's list(Although, I understand it's hard to do because those who got it on the website don't have that option)Make research that allows for faster hand craftingMake some kind of ingame documentation, so player can see info without having to look it upSpace options with the rocket, not just sending it up thereA better end game reward(fun stuff to play around with when you get to the later stages of the game)There needs to be someway to do something over the water, water seems to only block the potential that large factories can haveI can't think of anything else at the moment. The game is so well built that it's mostly picky things that need to be added. Even without those additions at all, the game shows promise and a great growth potential.Side notes:I encourage anyone who likes planning, or anyone that likes automation, to get this game because it demands automation and skilled planning. At least, organization; without it, your base looks messy and doesn't function too well"
,Recommended,427520,23925643,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Blink,"Recently with too many  game I play a few hours then meh not really interested in playing the game further.  Happens with too many games. :(With Factorio I can say this didn't happen, 47 hours in and still can't wait to get home to play the game, even staying up to the early morning hours of the morning when I have to work the next day.  Just 5 more minutes, just 5 more.Edit: Almost 470 hours in ansd still loving the game."
76561198078264557,Recommended,427520,27814976,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sokolisko,"Propably one of the best games I've ever played. You are in control of a giant factory and your goal is to build it as effective as possible. This game is very well thought and has a very good and workful developer team that's constantly adding new stuff. If you get bored after sending one rocket and winning the game, you can try to acomplish a prestigeous benchmark rocket a minute. Go ahead, try it!"
76561198161258206,Recommended,427520,22513972,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Davisem,"I've put hundreds of hours into Factorio, some uninterrupted sessions being over a dozen hours long having the most awesome intellectual stimulating happy time ever gnawing my knuckles bloody while trying to optimize my oilrefinery.Factorio is a unique mashup of the survival/craft/minecraft genre with its own niche and right to exist, because it focusses mainly on designing production flows, which nearly no other game does especially in that depth.Anybody who liked Infinifactory will love Factorio, as it is basically its more sincere older brother in 2D.What bothers me though is, that while the dev team is great at staying in contact with the community and decent in polishing the game and the engine in particular the game still has no endgame content.Myself, as a player, desperately needs goals to work towards, and no, self created goals dont work for me,I need a carrot to work towards, and I consistently will grow more and more unhappy the longer I have no carrot to target.Call me uncreative, or achievementaddicted, that might be true, but I swear I'm not alone with that problem.The current hight of feelings in that regard is the spacerocket, which has turned out to be the last and only goal of Factorio for over one year now. The absurd spacerockets resourcerequirements is an obvious hint that the devs ran out of creativity at that point, and once reached trying to finish the spacerocket in lesser time is nothing I can destilate much enjoyment out of.There are similar red exclamationmarks in design of that game, for example the totally pointless existence of the native alien race that currently exist just to be an annoyance.Or let me give another example: the one dimensional evolution of energy production.The single and only source of energy - until lategame, when one has solar energy; is steamengines, which turn once one solved the logistics of them just into another annoyance. Restrictions grow creativity, yet every rerun of the game one only has the most efficient path to follow instead of having to choose between different technology trees or being restricted on some buildings (aquatic powergeneration comes to mind).Regarding lategame: Things like implementing a placeholder system that pushes out demands of goods to produce and deliver once one is in space or similar would be incredibly easy, yet it is completely overlooked, even while a part of the community craves these features.There even have been dozens of decent suggestions on reddit and the forums in which directions the game could develop from that point, even as hilarious as turning it into a x4ish space economy sim.As long as this state continues, and Factorio basically is a proof of concept and not a game I can't motivate myself to play it again. And month for month when scrolling through my steam library looking what to play I'll pause for a sad silent moment over Factorio, sighingly remembering the good times I had with it, when stuff was new and thinking about what this awesome game could be if it solved these easy problems hindering it from reaching awesomeness.Is Factorio worth your 20 €?- Definitely, you'll probably get way more hours for your buck out of it compared to AAA titlesAm I happy with it in it's current state?- nope :("
76561198149549448,Recommended,427520,21847160,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Glitch,Let me start by saying this will not be long because no one likes to read for too long on steam lol. Anyway this is the best game ever. I bought this thinking it might be a refund but it is literally one of my favorite games ever. Things start so simple yet they get SO complicated. In the end you know every little detail in your facotry. Mass produce EVERYTHING. And it costs 20.00. Not 19.99 or anything. I like that. I dont have 1 cent left over now. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,427520,25844270,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Digital Cake Productions,"This game supports pollution of the environment, and the slaying of natural animals.... Need I say more? 11/10 EPA say's ""Great example to the kids!"""
,Recommended,427520,25215930,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,stupiduscatus,Build your own rocket factory again and again.
,Recommended,427520,21577351,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Junko-Alter,"Insanely funTotal planetary transformation go!It encompasses the best elements of base construction, and makes it an art form. It's surprising how intuitive it is, once you 'get' it."
,Recommended,427520,22857966,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Lurgen,"If you like micro-managing factories, this is the game for you!Actually, it's more like a cross between Age of Empires (minus the pseudo history) and Minecraft, with a little Starcraft thrown in for good measure.The game is deceptively simple at first, with your factory rapidly growing to the size of a small nation within minutes. Figuring out efficient solutions to stupid problems is definitely a key part of the early stages, as you start with little more than your bare hands. Researching the tech tree becomes a fun early challenge, with automation playing a key role in making this progress at a useful pace.By the end of my first complete playthrough I had found some wonderfully compact and efficient configurations, and was tearing through the resources like there was no tomorrow. Which there wasn't - the bugs ate me. Thankfully I saved. Lots.The ending (yes, there's an actual ending) is a bit of a let down (statistics screen, along with ""you won!"" at the top), but at least there is a definite ending.Hopefully, now that I have launched my satellite and help is on its way, the dreams will stop..."
,Recommended,427520,22362797,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,zzyzx,"This game starts small, and seems simple, but there's a sublime complexity that begins the emerge the longer you play it.  It won't be for everyone, but if you like building mechanisms that perform jobs and you like realtime strategy, Factorio is a game unlike any other."
76561198011605692,Recommended,427520,22776306,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,_tehking,"I bought this game about a month ago and got hooked.  It's a lot of fun to play and make your builds more efficient.Although I will say, at a certain point, it gets kind of redunant.  The aliens are all pretty much the same.  It would be nice to have different maps objectives.A some point too, the game really just becomes about waiting.  In the last few days of playing, I'd just let the game run and go do chores or something while things built.The end of the game is a let-down, but it's more a game about the process than a final goal."
,Recommended,427520,29518099,Posted: 27 January,all,yousai,I'm only 70 hours in but I think I finally know how these inserters work.
76561198065357407,Recommended,427520,30491911,Posted: 13 March,all,Renaudi,Awesome game
,Recommended,427520,25210847,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hydra,Supremely addictive. The campaign is not very long but the free play mode and multiplayer both work very well and have provided me tons of fun so far. Mods are available to extend the life of the game or alter things you dislike.
,Recommended,427520,25211663,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bumfin Man,If you like management games you will enjoy this. It's brilliant.
,Recommended,427520,22309214,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,jevon,"Oh my god, what a game. If you're a fan of ANY base building/simulation/transport management games, this is the game for you. I'm not entirely sure how I managed to play 54 hours in two weeks."
,Recommended,427520,30687967,Posted: 23 March,all,GNOXIDEZ,THE BEST SANDBOX
76561197975421322,Recommended,427520,25120127,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,marios88,+++++++++++++
76561198173271257,Recommended,427520,25104435,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dannosaurus-Rex,"Personally i love this game, no matter how much it tortures me, it makes me feel organized sometimes, and gives you a very good feeling of accomplishment whenever you acheive something. I reccomend buying it and playing for yourself, i'd think this is a game anyone could play and targets most audiences. Cant wait for more updates after the rocket launch, keep going strong developers :)"
,Recommended,427520,25092998,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jaz,Awesome game! adictive!
76561198132068396,Recommended,427520,25099115,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BootManBill,dont buy this if you value your family or friends
76561198045844375,Recommended,427520,25100863,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Futt Buck,"A game about a factory? how hard can that be?Very hard it turns outI'm constantly building things to build other things that were made by some other things that I made earlier, now I have to make a maze of robots and conveyors bringing different resources around from other places that you built to make a certain amount of things. Then I re-arrange my designated production areas to make things work better at making things. Bear in mind you lose track of what you set out to make as you need things from somewhere to make this all the time, before  you know it it's 6am and your still re-arranging your resourses.Somehow despite this it's fun for some weird reason, highly recommend!"
,Recommended,427520,25101374,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Darek,Top-Notch Game.  Nothing Like it.  Please make more. :-)
,Recommended,427520,30924237,Posted: 3 April,all,DukeOFprunes,"Your little person takes up a pickaxe, chops some wood and gathers some coal. An hour later he stands surrounded by conveyor belts bursting with copper and iron, assembly plants pumping out various intermediate goods, and complex supply chains producing arrays of useful industrial and research materials.Beware: few other games are as adept at transmuting ""just 5 more minutes"" into ""whoa, it's next week already"" as this one."
,Recommended,427520,24015613,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fanged Hex | Pvpro.com,"I like this game, I started playing it not a long time ago but the devs are really at developping/improving it and community communication is perfect :)"
,Recommended,427520,21555693,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ColdWolf,"Bought the game at 5am on the 29th of February.Decided I'd mess around for a bit and see if I could figure out how the systems work.It's now 1am on the 1st of March. I have been playing for 20hrs SOLID.I haven't been this addicted to a game in a long, LONG time!This game makes Anno 2070 look like Fisher Price: My First Logistics.Setting up factories is addictive, complex, and rewarding.Twenty hours in, and I'm still only HALF WAY through the Tech Tree.I could probably have been further, but hey, half the fun is in the learning!I've just had to dismantle my original factory after running out of coal and not being setup for solar power. The result of my mistake is a cross-country journey with the contents of my entire base in cargo. Don't do what I did, focus on getting self-sufficient early or suffer the consequences!"
76561198042801227,Recommended,427520,30926871,Posted: 3 April,all,Vogelspinne,"I enjoy(ed) every minute of this game. Amazing work from the devs making and still developing this game and also for bringing mod support which makes this game even more fun (and also thanks to the community for bringing awsome mods).One thing to note: After getting in to this game you may have problems quitting the game before 3:00 am.""I just play 5 more minutes... yeah...""."
,Recommended,427520,27244120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Make This Motherfucker Golden,best builidng game i ever played
,Recommended,427520,21520648,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ryuu,"Nominated for ""just 5 more min"". This game is really one of the best of its kind. It still in EA, yet already this incredible! You can play in many different way & the game scope is really huge, amost infinity that it just make your sense of time mess up especially in multi-player..."
,Recommended,427520,30908999,Posted: 2 April,all,Buff Me Like You Do,This game messes with your perception of time. 2 hours will take 15 minutes. Wonderfully engaging and ridiculously deep.
,Recommended,427520,30856662,Posted: 31 March,all,Rabbids,If you love your life and you want to live your life to full then DONT BUY THIS GAME! Can't believe how fast is the time when you play FactorioOne of the best games out there! 100/10
,Recommended,427520,23139354,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,SC0RPE0,"5 Minutes will turn into an hour, and that hour will turn into a whole day!"
,Recommended,427520,22657622,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,<CG> Clay,It will make your brain hurt....in a good way! Well worth every penny!
76561198095739722,Recommended,427520,21597625,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,_bobthepotato_,"10/10 Had dreams about this game after the first time playing, not planning on stopping anytime soon."
76561198042164213,Recommended,427520,30890339,Posted: 1 April,all,ZoomZoomZ,this is an amazing game if you dont own it buy it and fall into the rabbit hole that is factorio
,Recommended,427520,22349179,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,16-bit Soldier,i use to have a girlfriend..... now i have more time for factorio
76561198194190254,Recommended,427520,22242225,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Plague,"Incredible game, but the game can take a while to load ,the game can leave a bit short, could use a bit more items but altogether i feel like this is a great game where you can really get your head round."
,Recommended,427520,22928201,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,NullaPax,"I never pay full price for games.I especially never pay full price for Indie, sprite games.I played the demo (twice) and broke the above rules.For me it's like a mix of Civilisation / Tower Defense / Space Chem, but with crap graphics ..... and guess what? The graphics don't matter.Be warned, there is NO game here.The three level demo is the only structured progression. This just a sandbox for now with a couple of missions thrown in but if you enjoy the types of games I have named above then this may well be for you.Fascinating and way too addictive ;)"
76561198135981189,Recommended,427520,23562725,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Bradley,"THIS REVIEW IS FOR PEOPLE WHO GET OVERWHELMED AT SANDBOX GAMES, OR WHO DONT FEEL CREATIVE ENOUGHPROS: Amazing game with tons of replayability and content.Tons of content and freedom to do what you want.Building is super easy.When something goes wrong, the problem is easy to solve.Aliens and enemies add more purpose to the game making it even more funCONS: I have a huge issue in feeling overwhelmed and i spent half my time playing just standing in one place trying to figure out what i would do with the space i had. Its supposed to be easy and it is, but for someone like me, I have problems trying to juggle many things at once. I had to tear apart my factory 3 times in order to get to my final factory because there is just so much content necessary to keep things AUTOMATED AND I FEEL SO OVERWHELMEDIF YOU PLAY THIS GAME ITS SMART TO WRITE DOWN STUFF ON PAPER IF YOU HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM AS ME. Draw out a blueprint on paper to figure out how all the machines will come togetherregardless 11/12 good game, but expensive $$$ ouch"
76561198012440844,Recommended,427520,23599047,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,leecobla,"I cast my mind back almost 8 years...I walked into my local game store to buy this game that everyone was talking about ""World Of Warcraft""  placing my copy on the counter, the sales guy leaned forward and said to me ""they say this game is the heroin of the gaming world"" I brushed his comment off and sure enough spent the next six years addicted to WoW.Back in the present day...Can confirm, Factorio is the Crystal Meth of the gaming world, on Super Saiyan Steroids.10/10 Would become a Factorio crack ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Recommended,427520,23597767,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,「IRRATIONAL_INTEGER_」,"This game is also targeted on a specific audience which loves to solve problems and puzzles, but I do encourage you to try the demo, as it is one of the best ways to understand the basic game mechanics and see if its your thing.okay so lets start.1) The GameplayThe gameplay is just amazing, its all up to you on how you wish to layout and design your base, do you want it to be efficient? then get started by practicing perfect ratios, Do you want it to just work? then start mass production of every required resources, Do you want it to look good? then start by laying out roads, sidewalks, separate rooms, etc. your imagination is your limitation.The game also allows you to customize certain aspects of your map, do you want denser resources? larger resource spots? huge oceans? you can customize them all to your liking.It also has a thing called Circuit Networks, similar to redstone in Minecraft but more complex in a way, you could use it to balance your Light oil and turn on a pump that goes to a chemical plant that turns light oil into Petroleum if a certain tank reaches a certain amount, just keeping things efficient, I won't spoil the possibilities with circuit networks, but trust me if you like to keep things in check automatically, circuit networks is the way to go, its not really necessary for you to learn about Circuit Networks, you can complete the game without even touching them, but still, its great that such a thing exists within the game for the people who does want to fiddle around with it.Also the game features vehicles, such as a normal Jeep equipped with a machine gun just for minimal defense, a Tank for your offensive needs, and a Train for your cargo transport between the main base and your resource outposts.Combat is not really the main focus of the game, but it is there nonetheless, of course you can turn the peaceful mode option, where they will only attack you if you provoke or hurt them basically, so it depends on your playstyle, you can burn your foes with a flame thrower, or blast them with a shotgun, or just basically use tower defense to defend you base.Pollution, the more pollution you produce the faster the enemies will evolve into much more terrifying beasts, so you better watch out, if a base starts to receive pollution, it will start targeting your base, so be careful, you can destroy their bases if you have necessary equipment at hand too, to get rid of them.2) The SoundThe detail in the sound is very decent for a 2D game, there are sometimes these sounds for example with the conveyor belts, which produces such a low sound, its pretty difficult to hear, but its there, such detail is just great even if its from a 2D game.The quality is also top notch, for again a 2D game, you feel like the sprites and the audio is just in sync, which is just such a great detail.3) The GraphicsThe graphics is pretty basic,  pre-rendered 3D sprites turned to 2D, its a good use of 3D sprites, they also plan to release a HD option once they have the extra time to do so, the art style just compliments the gameplay, the artstyle is pretty much sci-fi steampunk, which is pretty decent.And no I don't think a game needs to be 3D to look great, it just needs to feel like the graphics is all part of the same environment, and theme.4) The DevelopersSince this is an early access game, then I think its only fair that we critique them as well, just to keep things people safe, since a lot of early access games don't tend to be finished.But believe me when I tell you, the developers of this game is one of the most honest and loyal, they kept the 20$ price tag rather then a 19.99$ to avoid tricking the consumers, they interact and are very open with the communities feedback, and suggestions, they also just like to respond to the community from time to time, just to know them better, they are very passionate about the game.I saw one of the developers saying (on reddit) that they still want to optimize the game even though it already works in most low end computers, which really does say a lot about them.They are also not going to give the game any kind of sale or price reduction as of now, because they believe, putting the game on sale will only attract false consumers, those who just buy the game because its cheap, but doesn't really like the game, they are just trying to avoid that to keep things fair, its more like the developers are fair to you, we are fair to them in some sort of way.I do understand if you disagree with the no sale thing, but In my opinion it makes sense, and is a good way to avoid false consumers.5) The End game contentThis is where it falls flat.As a sandbox game, and ending is just there for the sake of it, which is understandable, after all sandbox games are not meant to end, in any specific way, but sadly, after all your effort, after you launch the rocket, you get nothing but a list of kills and game time, and that's it your done.Its just very I don't know... abrupt is maybe the word, its just nothing special, though its a place holder, this has been a big reason a few people have been left disappointed, but as I said its there to be there, you can still continue playing after launching a rocket, and setup your own goals.Which I myself will be doing, the end game is still a place holder as I heard, so that good, it means the ending can literally go any direction possible that coincides with the sci-fi steampunk theme, that something to look forward to.Overall I give the game a 4.5/5Its a great and solid game, if you like solving problems or puzzles, or basically just want to energize your brain to think, than I recommend this game,  I do warn you, you may lose contact with your family, friends, and parents when you play this game, because after starting to play at 1PM just for 5 mins, once you look at the clock its, 11PM, its really that good, and I recommend it, the developers are very trust worthy as of writing this review, and I see good things for this game in the future.Thank you for reading my review. ^_^"
,Recommended,427520,23746946,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Chthonian,"Hands down the best tech-based open sandbox I've played. If you like industry, logistics, progression, and extremely large amounts of resources, this game will suck you in."
,Recommended,427520,30751633,Posted: 26 March,all,doggerino,minecraft with better 2d graphics and took an advanced science classi also played this game for 8.5 hours straight8.5/8
76561198202440546,Recommended,427520,23814060,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Overmind,As addictive as crack. Only this is legal and crack isn't.It will warp you into to the future.10/10 would recommend.
76561197999125508,Recommended,427520,21544249,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Haless,"Tip for multiplayer: you can use ip from hamachi and the port is fixed, in the config.Got yesterday and already played for 20+ hours nonstop with a friend a city away from home.Awesome and very addictive game ! Recommended!"
76561198055663882,Recommended,427520,22714712,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,everRampager,"You'll play and love Factorio for 20-30 hours, afk the last 10 or so to finish the final construction, and be happy with everything you've built, destroyed, cried over, and then finally feel accomplished as you leave it behind. This is especially true with friends (currently, you'll need Hamachi to make this work.)It's possible this review will become irrelevant if the end-game changes on release, I could easily see Factorio adding even more to stretch out that hellishly fun 30 hours to 50+.The question is the $20 worth it? Yep."
,Recommended,427520,21503040,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Eirenliel,It is probably the best game you want to throw your 100 hours or more into.
76561198125639970,Recommended,427520,24197456,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rhazzull,"Do I recomend this game, yes. ONLY if you like to play solo. The multiplayer setting up is RIDCULOUS! bought it for my son and I and to do multiplayer, we have to move mountains, destroy legions and above all else.. sacrifice a few virgins. Oh did I mention none of that worked... its a fun game yes but regret purchase. If you are looking for a good multiplayer THIS IS NOT for you. Alone.. I do not find it fun that much. Wish I could have my money back"
76561198126093140,Recommended,427520,30804290,Posted: 28 March,all,4LeGEnD,it's a very good game when you play with your friend
76561198271808197,Recommended,427520,23272097,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,samhall181003,its an amazing game but dose get a bit boring after a while but other than that its awsome (what they should add - you should make it when you build the rocket silo you can also go to diferent planets like mars pluto but diferent planets need diferent rockets witch need diferent metal the first rocket needs a metal made of coper and iron and steel that rocket will let you go to the moon and that has diferent metal like meteoric iron      the second rocket needs a metal made of meteoric iron and steel to make it ( teir 2 rocket) witch lets you go to mars ECT )
76561198017706992,Recommended,427520,30657137,Posted: 21 March,all,GrimSalt,Pros: Got me off my crack addiction.Cons: Is more addicting then crack.
,Recommended,427520,23595946,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Wolf K,"This game is great, why haven't you gotten it yet?  That $20.00 dollars in your Steam wallet ain't gonna spend itself."
,Recommended,427520,23762499,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Justty,"Way more fun than it looks, and if you think it looks fun it's still way more fun than it looks!"
76561198175587953,Recommended,427520,23601413,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Grass,"Factorio. my, my this game has come a long way I still remember seeing the 2013 trailer and thinking it was crap! but here we are today with more that 50 hours into and I got to say this thing blew me away! I have been looking for so long for a game about making automated machines but just no one wants to make game of that genre for some reason even though it seems to be a popular one. Heck I was so desperate for a game like this I even tried playing ""tekkit"" from minecraft. It didnt work out for me though. If you like being creative with real life machines to make anything your brains can think of then this is the freaking game for you! One of the only flaws is that the multiplayer is LAN only and that is kind of a let down but me and my friend found a way to play together through a 3rd party source but still this is probably the only time I really wanted to buy an 3rd party client.Here are some of the pros and cons of the game.Pros-Very good concept of building machines and nicely executed-Plenty of things to do when you get in a game-A sandbox mode were you can build anything you want-Creative uses for some things that you might not find that useful-An unique combat system to fight aliens-The ability to randomly generate an infinite world-NO DLC!!!!!Cons-There are not as many guns in the game as I would like but that is not what the game is known for-It is a little slow at the beginning but when your factory starts getting big its alot better-Like I said before the multiplayer is LAN onlyOverall this game is probably my favorite sandbox game right now so of course Im going to recommend it!Thank you for reading and I hope I was helpful in your decision of buying this game or not."
,Recommended,427520,21680722,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NordicIron,"This is one of the best games I've played in a long time.  Although it is in early access, I am very impressed with everything that it has so far, well worth the $20.  I've only been playing for a few hours and I'm all ready addicted to it.  There's so much to build and research.  Its great fun to layout your base, then tear it all down and restructure it after you complete some new research.  The Linux support as well as cloud storage of the save files are also huge pluses in my book."
,Recommended,427520,22292387,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tiny Legion,I have played this game when it wasn't on steam and it has changed a lot.First I love the top down game with freedom to do anything to reach a objective. Those who are a little bit logical in building would love this game and the multiplayer leads to bigger bases. I do recommend this game and it has lots of things to offer and maybe soon even more. jTip: Play the Campagin If you want to LEARN THE GAME. I am not joking it is the easiest intro to how the game works and does a great job at it.
76561198227241600,Recommended,427520,21986334,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Frisky,-_-
76561197966028424,Recommended,427520,24731127,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ThreadLok,Not your normal early access - this thing is amazingly complete
76561198030172725,Recommended,427520,24124310,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,dracopaladine,OCD ADDICTIVE AS HELL !!!
76561198082547802,Recommended,427520,22444493,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,[YGN]Jumpy,"Oh god, Factorio. The game that took steam by storm. The game where you begin with ""Ive never heard of it"" and within 3 hours are in awe of how GENIUS is all is! Here is a list of all of the pros and cons I have found with my ~50 hours currently!Pros:+Great multiplayer support, just portforward and go+Nice autosave feature to help make up for almost nonexistant crashes+Super easy to run+User friendly community+Huge potential+Rocket silo gives you a goal to strive for+You can customize your own world with peaceful mode!+You can change the frequency, size, and richness of ore spawns and enemy bases.+You can customize the game with hundreds of user created mods+The game costs 20.00 and not 19.99Cons:-There is a VERY small bug where you get a little jumpy in multiplayer when your press the shooting button-Combat with aliens is a bit repetitve, with very little skill involved-I cant find anymore flaws-Buy this game-Stop reading and take out your damn credit card-Sell your skins now-It's worth it I promise!"
,Recommended,427520,24193718,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,octopuslover,One of the best games I have ever played. Big shoutout to developers as they are doing quite impressive work updating this early access game. I see it kinda similar to terraria in terms of updates quality. Warning: very addictive.
,Recommended,427520,24009137,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,𝓳𝓸𝓻𝓭𝓪𝓷,Oh please just buy this game. You are doing yourself a huge favour. One of the most addicting games i've ever played!
,Recommended,427520,24141838,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AbstractX,"I've played close to 5 hours now and I feel like I've barely touched the surface of this game! (Not to mention those 5 hours seemed like 20 minutes)As everyone else says, it's really addictive if you like building machines and seeing them come to life :)"
,Recommended,427520,24206622,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Whiteshadow,"Ever felt unsatisfied after trying out a new game? Or disappointment after finally playing a game you've been waiting for a long time?If you're like me and new games don't keep you interested as long as they used to, and you're looking for that one gem for many years, don't look any further, this is the one you need!Unbelievably addicting and sky-high replay value make me finally able to say I have a favourite game again!"
,Recommended,427520,27156455,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cineafx,"""Just 5 More Minutes"" .... ♥♥♥♥ .... It has been 5 hours. (Or sometimes 5 days)Amazing game!"
,Recommended,427520,26038977,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gary,170 hours playtime before the game is even released = best £15 I've ever spent on a game.10/10 would highly recommend
76561197970622085,Recommended,427520,21610831,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,*oblon,Gather materials .... build your first automatic production system .... things getting more and more complicated .... research more new machines .... expand your automized production system .... try to keep the overview .... figure out your concept sucks .... start over .... 100/100 points! i know this game will steal more of my lifetime =D
,Recommended,427520,21610485,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,pineapple,"This is one of the most enjoyable sandbox games I've ever played. It has taken ownership of my free time like only Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program could manage. There is always something new to achieve, and there is always another mod to experiment with."
,Recommended,427520,22785145,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ElectraPMallea,"Just completed the free roaming mode. This game is really engaging and deep. I've found myself playing it for hours at a time. I could probably play through again and get even deeper into it. My only gripes about it are that it eventually forces you to start getting into major combat, which kinda makes it a different game for a while, and that playing can be exhausting when you're in the thick of it. Overall, if Steam used a star system, I'd give it a solid 4."
,Recommended,427520,22785025,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Freakin_Sweet,"OMG this game - and to think it's only in early access. The game is way too fun, and if you're a more left-brain person or you just like building factories and management games, then this is the game for you. 11/10"
,Recommended,427520,21611937,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Issah,If you're an old school gamer like me you will appreicate the graphics and gameplay.The Dev's also kept this game pretty much bug free.It's actually worth $25.00 in it's current state.10/10 graphics9/10 sound effects8/10 controls10/10 replay
,Recommended,427520,31004792,Posted: 7 April,all,ShadowBringer,"I used to have a family, friends and attend to college, now I have a gigantic factory."
76561197987003283,Recommended,427520,23733080,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Darguk,"Seriously, one of the most enjoyable and refreshing games I've played in a long time.+Great intro campaign to learn the basics.+Difficulty scales as you increase your factory size and you slowly become more obsessed.+Play several different ways, customize your map resources, alien density, etc.+MODS. Tons of Mod support.+Great Dev team.-Lose lots of sleep.-Lose girlfriend, job, house, etc.-/+Can confirm time machine effect."
,Recommended,427520,31301339,Posted: 22 April,all,Ealrann,"Perfect !This is my top sandbox game.- Very optimized (I play on linux, only with an intel chipset, but still : the game run totally well).- Hundred of hours, huge community of modders.- Everything is well though out, from the GUI to the game mechanics.- Regular massive updates."
76561198156031933,Recommended,427520,21528346,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jonsuman,Amazing game!
,Recommended,427520,24451176,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Trace,Factorio is my waifu.
,Recommended,427520,29570955,Posted: 29 January,all,JoeWhizer,"Prologue:I have never played a game like Factorio before. It is so different to any other game I've played, it's hard to compare it. My first impression when friends told me this game is great and I saw some endgame screenshots with ""motherboard alike structures"", I thought: ""How can this even be fun"". Some time later I realized,there is a demo, so let's give it a try. And I said to myself: ""When I'm still playing after like an hour, I will buy it"".I bought it after 30 minutes.GameplayWell, it's a game where you build a factory. Optimize processes and workflows. Fix issues like bottlenecks, build a train network to deliver more materials. etc. etc.The story is quite simple so far: You crashed on an alien planet with almost nothing and have to find your way to escape from that planet. So the last ""task"" of the story line is to build and start a rocket. But there is so much more. Most of the time you should set your own targets. Some people do speed runs and getting better and better in it, some building mega and giga factories that are very very big. Some build factories for special purposes.The game is highly moddable what gives it a very high replayability. Almost everything of the game could be changed. There are already a ton of mods available, some with very high quality and a total conversion alike. Also a lot of mods that just provide QoL.TechnicallyThe performance of the game is very good. It's a 2D sprite based game, with a perspectival topview. In more than 250 hours I rarely found any bugs or glitches. It never crashed so far.TL;DRIn a nutshell, if you like to automate things, find ways to fill bottlenecks or solve problems: This game is nuts!I can highly recommend to buy this game, or at least try the demo, if you can identify yourself with some of the gameplay explained above."
76561198333672158,Recommended,427520,31228458,Posted: 18 April,all,Infectzione,"Our Father, Who art in heaven, hallowed be your name. Your factory come, your iron be done, in heaven as it is on earth."
,Recommended,427520,31224323,Posted: 18 April,all,IRUNREDLIGHTS,Its something new. I hope to see more advanced graphics and versions in Factorio 2 (TBD)
,Recommended,427520,25168056,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DrSadistic,"Its so hard to review this game because to review it, I have to stop playing it first!This isn't your typical ""craft stuff"" game. Oh, you can manually mine your basic elements at first: stone, coal, iron, and copper. Then you can smelt iron and copper plates. But then, why not create coal-powered miners to work for you? And then a pump, boilers, and steam engines to get electricity going. Then some conveyor belts to get products moving around. And robot arms (""inserters"") to move things on and off those belts.Later on, trains. And train signals as well, so you can automate your trains.At some point, you'll have so many conveyor belts that you'll despair of having more room to build. Enter the roboport, which hosts flying robots that can fly around fulfilling requests, so you can get a more flexible system. Oh, and it hosts construction robots as well, to build plans you lay and to do repairs for you.Oh, did I mention that all the while, the planet's native buglike species is trying to kill you? So you'll need to develop weapons too, from automated gun turrets to lasers to a tank with explosive shells.But aside from all that, what really makes this game is the intelligence with which it was written. Opening a stone furnace to retrieve newly-forged iron plates is tedious? No problem; just control-click to grab the plates as you run by. Laid all your conveyor belts in the wrong direction? No need to tear them up; just lay new belts over them in the correct direction and they'll replace the originals (which will go back into your inventory). Replacing an early robot-arm inserter with a more advanced model, or a slower furnace with a faster one? Just stick the new one right on top of the old one and it seamlessly replaces it. Find yourself building the same set of things over and over? Make a blueprint out of them and have your robots build it for you!The Doctor's Final Report: 9/10; This game is deep and amazing. If you're a programmer or an engineer and have a deep love for simulation/building type games, it'll suck you in and not let go. If your a causual gamer looking to kill a few hours, well you'll still enjoy this one."
76561198023506268,Recommended,427520,22004845,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Goldashes,I have never had to think so much in a out of the box format in my life.10/10 My head hurts
76561198074606586,Recommended,427520,27521788,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dalthazor,good
,Recommended,427520,31232274,Posted: 19 April,all,cnoffel,It's quite nice
76561198034550148,Recommended,427520,21582214,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Exizt why,Fantastic little beast. Ultrafun co-op. Graphic style is svelte. Gameplay for beta is ♥♥♥♥ing fierce.
,Recommended,427520,23758930,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,L E G I O N,Such a original idea and amazing execution!10/10
,Recommended,427520,24003242,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Djwhiskers,You know a game Is good when you buy it at Full price During a summer sale with no ragrets.
76561198030324285,Recommended,427520,21983895,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,GuySmiley,Absolutely amazing game. Would recommend to everyone.
76561198056789127,Recommended,427520,31324188,Posted: 23 April,all,Chad2430,"My GOD words can't do this game justice.I was skeptical like everyone else thinking ""Huh. $20 and it will never go on sale? I may as well try the demo.""I can safely say that including a demo was by far the best thing they have ever done, because that was the selling point for me.The sense of micromanagement when you decide you want to add something in that tiny little space, and you have to rearrange a bunch of conveyors to do it. But wait, you lost some of its efficiency! You must work to improve this new system! With the improvement of your technologies that you research it is almost unfathomable when you finally reach the end point which, after 99 hours and two maps later I still haven't done because I didn't want that sense of completion. It is just too fantastic of a game to end so soon, regardless of the replay option.I have spent countless times playing this game and just enjoying the relaxing nature of it, aside from the consistent alien attacks which, if not anything are the driving goals to keeping your factory improving.If there was only one critisism I could give it would be that...the only winning move is not to play. You can build a factory sprawl that can span farther than your camera can zoom out, but that all is reduced to nothing because aliens are only provoked by pollution itself, not your presence. This provides an issue, no factory buildings = no pollution. No pollution = no alien attacks. Of couse, this is all negated when you realise what a fantastic game of managing a factory you're missing out on.WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!Buy. This. Game."
76561198268297038,Recommended,427520,31789738,Posted: 16 May,all,товарищ саржа,it may take 15 mins to get into it but damn this game is extremely addictive. its kind of simple . your free to do anything you please and it is so easy to set up a multiplayer server that it is no different to starting a normal world
76561198022375167,Recommended,427520,32720320,Posted: 24 June,all,Walter,"It's not a games, It's a time machine. I just look around the base, build the factory line and a day is gone.Frequently update and countless mods keeps the game interesting.If you wanna buy, just buy it. It won't have any discounts on future.Pros:Frequently updateMany modsNearly free per game hoursCons:Never get discountsNever watch the sunset again"
,Recommended,427520,32802429,Posted: 25 June,all,King_Kermit,"Game of the year, all year, every year.Also, the devs are honest. It's exactly $20 and not the $19.99 crap."
,Recommended,427520,31340349,Posted: 24 April,all,moe electronic denpa,It's ok
,Recommended,427520,31925273,Posted: 23 May,all,jonyn,Bought a mid/high end PC just to end up playing Factorio. 10/10
76561198011732942,Recommended,427520,32794499,Posted: 25 June,all,WarWise,This game + Industrial Techno = Endless hours of fun.
,Recommended,427520,31256462,Posted: 20 April,all,Edy Nelson,"Weekly news, a very stable game and developers that actually care.I highly recommend it."
76561198055664207,Recommended,427520,32762218,Posted: 25 June,all,bobrooni03,This game is a bad drug habit. I found it incredibly addicting. 2 different times I thought I would play for a bit after watching a twitch steam. I would wake up a day or two later not knowing what happened. Some times you just got to scratch that itch.
76561198042050010,Recommended,427520,32631590,Posted: 21 June,all,Sindown,"Even at over 400 hours, I have only ""beat"" the game one time (by launching a rocket into space). Most of that time has beeen spent in the vanilla game, and yet I still feel like I have so much left to learn.Every time I start a new playthrough, I learn some new techniques, discover something new, or come up with some new challenge to try.There is just so much to this amazing game, and a great community alongside it.BUY NOW!"
,Recommended,427520,32701872,Posted: 23 June,all,Stentorian,"A good shining example of a proper Early Access game. Despite the title, it's pretty stable, quite feature complete and will provide endless hours of fixing production lines, rocket launching, and starting all over again."
,Recommended,427520,22085619,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AnOnYmOuS<3,"Love the game. not too hard but kinda hard if you know what i mean. it looks great, not hard to run at all. the only down side of the game is i cant find anyone to play with bc not that many people have it."
76561198279854695,Recommended,427520,32695330,Posted: 23 June,all,maherbmf,who loves factories this is your place to do most amazing factories
,Recommended,427520,32904319,Posted: 27 June,all,Kurtlonewolf,"Game is highly addictive. If you're looking for a game to kill some time with some friends. This is it. You can quickly forget how many hours you've spent on the game. Basic premise is that you mine for materials, then create machines/assembly lines to craft those materials into items, then use those items to craft new machine to craft even more items until you have an ungodly mess of a factory. Awesome concept that few other games can even come close to. Highly recommended!"
76561197961180339,Recommended,427520,32904391,Posted: 27 June,all,Stefan,"Factorio is super fun and technically challenging. If you like tinkering, optimizing, and being very detailed, this game is a great match."
,Recommended,427520,29884412,Posted: 12 February,all,Hyuna's Hu🅱🅱y,Really fun game and addictive game.
76561197981478572,Recommended,427520,25332996,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Decelerate,Anyone mildly interested in productivity and production chains should play this.Try the demo!
,Recommended,427520,32802437,Posted: 25 June,all,rxg | Nope.avi,"Well, after about 30 hours of play (not consecutive) and about 3 worlds, here's what I have to say.Factorio is a game that lets you build huge ""bases"" that start with mining raw minerals from the ground like iron and copper, then mive them along conveyor belts to be processed, where they can then be put into factories, which will automatically craft more complex items and components for you. You can build refineries and chemical plants to refine oil and create plastic for advanced electronics, create labs to research new tech, build walls and turrets to defend your base from aliens, and build robots that connect to a logistic network, which can be used to transport materials, fight aliens, and even build entire bases and structures from blueprints using signals.This game is responsible for some of the greatest fun i've had, but i'll warn you: if you're looking for a FPS-alien killing game, get outta here. This game also challenges your mind with base design, because believe it or not, there's such a thing as a bad base design. You have to arrange mines, furnaces, conveyor belts and factories, along with other structures. My first two worlds were absolute disasters, because I did not have the forsight to organize chests and allow my factories easy access to resources. You can only have so many pipes and belts in one area. My third world was better, after watching some youtubers and some thinking. As you play the game, it will only get easier. My advice is to play the tutorial, all the way through. It will help you immensely with learning how to craft items, how basic electricity and research works, etc. I only played through the basic controls tutorial and I regret it. This game also features multiplayer, which is simple to use and can hold dozens of players. I belive one server had over 100 players at once.Now, last but definitely the polar OPPOSITE of least, mods. This game features a wide variety of mods, such as extra ores, more gun turrets, better aliens, and tons of other things. I tried out a set of mods called ""Bob's Mods"" which has mods for pretty much every conceivable aspect of the game, from ores to crafting to organization and base layout. As soon as you get the hang of the game and have the controls down, I highly recommend using mods. And the game has a built-in mod browser that makes it very easy to search for mods, install them, and toggle them on or off from within the game. This thing puts Fallout 4's mod support to shame. It's simple and cleanly designed, yet it gets the job done. The only catch is, you have to make an account on their website, which they will prompt you for. I have all of Bob's mods installed and they definitely improve the game, by adding so much more for you to do. I find it is very easy to lose 4+ hours in this game without realizing it, though it may be just me.I could say a whole lot more, but I figure the 4 10-year-olds who started reading this have moved on already. So i'll make a tl;dr and get it over with.TL;DR:PROS:-Frequent updates-Challenging and fun gameplay-Solid programming-Fairly good community base (getting bigger every day)-Excellent communication between devs and the community-Randomly generated worlds, customizable terrain generation-Near-infinite different number of ways to build your base and beat the gameCONS:-Combat AI for aliens is somewhat lacking-Very easy for bases to become clustered and confusing, making it difficult to expand-Logistics and Circuit networks are explained poorly in the tutorial, if at all-can become repetitive after dozens of hours of play, without the use of modsOverall, I would have to give this game an 8/10 or 4 out of 5 stars. It's an entertaining game that stimulates your mind and is a great way to spend a saturday evening. Or an entire weekend. I won't judge. It gets updated frequently, the devs never pull a ""Valve"" and make changes nobody asked for, and the game requires fairly low processing power to run. I can play it with decent graphics on my 1.5ghz mac, and with something better it runs incredibly smooth. But it has room to improve, like any other game. I highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for something different. Similar to Rimworld."
,Recommended,427520,32663379,Posted: 22 June,all,IceFire,It's a pretty good China sim
,Recommended,427520,32086437,Posted: 31 May,all,Lightning2x,"If you like puzzle. strategy, a bit of programming and just the satisfying feeling of having build a big♥♥♥♥♥factory, then this game is for you! I can't really bring it into words but I just simply love this game, working together is even better because you learn new designs from each other and have fun killing biters or making the biggest factory in existence.If you would like frequent new content at the cost of a few minor bugs then be sure to opt into expirimental mode (a simple google search shows you how to do this). I absolutely adore this game and it's active developers. keep up the good work :)"
76561197963952094,Recommended,427520,31293121,Posted: 22 April,all,Volkirith,"This game is by all accounts my favorite timesink simulator-style game so far. I've been playing simcity since the first one, transport tycoon, but my inner nerd was waiting for this. Automation.The best thing about this game is that you really can automate everything - and it's up to you if you keep it simple, or want to go over the top with the size of your solution. The game doesn't restrict you in any way.I'm writing this review when the game is v0.14 - it looks pretty decent already, but is still under active development and from the sneak peeks I've seen so far, its going to be even better. Performance-wise it works great."
,Recommended,427520,25965362,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SeanDee,DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE!
76561198024511104,Recommended,427520,32889980,Posted: 27 June,all,isaacistheiman,Amazing game.
,Recommended,427520,32703399,Posted: 23 June,all,Vladimir Lootin',"When I play this game too much, I see my factory in my sleep."
76561197967610241,Recommended,427520,26379852,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Velcontrax,"Instant Classic! (10/10)This has to be one of the most complicated building games ever made.The basics are so simple, bring resource A to factory building B. Everything you make, will be used in another factory. in many, many other factory's. How to get all the stuff to all of your factory's, is the BIG thing in this game. And ""No"", it's not one of those games you put a bunch of shrimps in a wharehouse next to the fishery, and the next moment, appears the in a wharehouse on the other side of the island. The way of transport in Factorio is with a conveyor belt. A lot of them.~-It's a bigscale resource logistic simulator! -~Its so complex:Launch the rocket to get off the planet on a 50x50 block production square within 10 hours and NASA will hire you!Apart from that, you'll need to invent more than 100 diffrent things that all are really helpful in:-producing more efficient,-other ways of transporting,-oil refinement,-weapons,-armour,-logical network-energy-defence parameter-enhancements and upgrades-personal robots, building bots-blueprints, and other useful stuff.After 40 hours of playtime I was thinking I almost finished the game, only to find out that a whole new game opened up inside the game. The ingame depth and complexity is inmense and too large to describe in a short review.Did i mention an hostille alien insectile lifeform that inhibits the planet you are stranded on?Did i mention the lovely oldskool, granny can do it, map editor?Did i mention that after 230 playhours i never launced the rocket home, because I decided I liked the place so much?Pay the 20, you wont regret!"
,Recommended,427520,32880224,Posted: 27 June,all,furymaster721,"So many things to research, build, and mine...this game is a blast!"
,Recommended,427520,27322587,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kijamabu,"I find this to be the one game which, when I sit down to play a game, I think to myself ""I'm going to play (insert other game here), or should I play Factorio instead?"" No other game has had that effect on me."
76561198050480004,Recommended,427520,26592624,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Squiggy,Just...wow. Early access done right.
,Recommended,427520,31324395,Posted: 23 April,all,Byo,"If you like building and crafting in a game, this will definetely get you hooked. Easy to customize to your needs and skill level. One of the best games in my opinion and I played a lot of games. There are games out there with higher price tag, that doesn't even come close to this one. I definitely recomend it! (or at least try the demo first)"
,Recommended,427520,32888952,Posted: 27 June,all,Jyzbo,Must.Automate.Everything.
76561198076186954,Recommended,427520,32898822,Posted: 27 June,all,Skier,A very fun and creative game getting more complex as the game goes along!
,Recommended,427520,27019273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yotogaki Bavajheb,"If you ever got bored of breaking a million blocks by hand in minecraft, but still want to play minecraft, this is the game for you."
76561198106867787,Recommended,427520,32790243,Posted: 25 June,all,owlbear,"super fun game, i spent over 100 hours playing it."
,Recommended,427520,30115181,Posted: 23 February,all,Ken,Very fun game. Worth the buy and I can say I've had alot of fun with this one.
76561198046903536,Recommended,427520,32897937,Posted: 27 June,all,Awsomedrack,"When I first started this game I expected to play at the most 30 minutes, I really doubted I would like it. At first I was right, things were slow and it was not quite keeping my attention. I don't know what happened but as I continued it became an endless stream of ""I'll just finish this then I will be done for the night"" and ""Oh there is a way more efficient way of doing this, I'll stop after I fix it"". This happened over and over until I realized that I had wasted the whole night playing and that the sun was rising. Then I did it again, and again, until I had completed the main objective and was free.Overall I would recommend this game to pretty much everyone. Even if you think you won't like it you might be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,427520,32905530,Posted: 27 June,all,rangers2011,"I just recently got this game, and I love it! It gives me something to play when I am offline, as well as a multiplayer element when i am online with friends. All-around a great game and definitely worth the $20."
,Recommended,427520,26804002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cracker Formula,"This is want Eary Access games should be. polished, stable and have a dev team that lisitins and is active in the community. at $20 I can't complain at this price at over 400 hours of play time thats a price of $0.05/Hr this is better $/hr then most AAA titles.My option, I didn't know i had a scratch to itch till i played this game. the satisfation you get from when you complete a build and are able to see it working is very addictive that you start thinking of grander builds and more whys to push the limit of what you think is possible. This game is a drug... I'm okay with that."
,Recommended,427520,32904166,Posted: 27 June,all,BaconInTheSoap,"This is, by far, the most addictive game I have ever played.  I've been Factorioising since before .13 and with every major update I wonder ""how much better can they possibly make it?""-- and every time I'm pleaseantly surprised.  Hats off to the Devs for both listening to the community and implementing their own ideas in this masterpiece of a game.  I could ramble on and on about reasons to try this game, but to keep it short and sweet I'll just say this:  Nearly 18K reviews with 98% being positive. . . methinks this be something special indeed!"
,Recommended,427520,32044845,Posted: 29 May,all,bsc Jouquer,I need more iron and time
,Recommended,427520,25072109,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Meowzaa,"When i first found out about this game was one of the top sellers in the early access, and i was like whats great about this game?? i give it a try with the demo. after then, i still didnt get how u actually play this game and whats the point of this game.So, i bought it on steam. oh well why not.. i give it a try because i wanna see whats more in factorio. and i still didnt get it. and i actually i refunded it. LUL GABENAfter a few month and after i get back into steam store. i looked at top sellers and theres still factorio, i was like what the ♥♥♥♥. ok so i did my homework here and then about this game and i ask around the community, i bought it again and play it..and actually i really do like it LOL!!! and its addictive10/10"
,Recommended,427520,25597759,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ketchup,"My friend who recommended Factorio to me described it as ""software engineering, the game."" It took a bit of time to realize just how perfect that description was. Disclaimer: programmer speake.The game is built around designing and composing complex series of operations, similar to how you'd program and compose functions in a programming language. Your assemblers take resources as inputs and return derived resources as outputs. As you learn the mechanics, you'll end up building prototype assembly lines, which you'll iterate on, over and over, until you settle on a design that is just right. Transport belts are analogous to reactive streams (functional reactive programming) in that they add the element of time to how your resources (data) are moved through your base (application).Your first base will likely be a monolith: beastly, all-purpose goliath that is hard to maintain and debug when things go wrong. Product shortages will have you running up and down your line, looking for performance bottlenecks and misaligned inserters. Eventually, as with any sufficiently large application, you'll end up splitting it up into pieces. This is similar to microservices in a modern web application! Train tracks connect distant bases together the way a network connection might connect distant servers. Running short on resource X? Build another standardized service to mine and process that resource.Factorio is a game you'll think about in the shower, on your way to work, while at a bar, as you try to fall asleep. It is a game of rare depth and you owe it to the logical part of your brain to play the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it."
76561198035786359,Recommended,427520,30953817,Posted: 4 April,all,Vellith,This is one of the best games i have ever played. Very well done and the devs are constantly updating and listen to the community. If you like building and killing aliens buy this game its well worth the cost!
,Recommended,427520,21618748,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Psiros,"Well worth the $20, one of the more stimulating and fun games I've played in a long time.Do you like city builders? Railroad simulation? This is THE game for anyone who loves modelling railways and resource management.Update: being middle aged, I’ve put the game down sometimes, just due to life and business, but I keep coming back and keep loving it. One can play it messy and inefficient and still enjoy it, or can get hyper critical and detailed with efficiency spending long chunks of time on a simple problem yet compelling problem. One can become obsessed with the defense systems to deal with the Zurg and their constant encroaching and attempted destruction of the primary factories. But it's also really relaxing too, no commitment with a game that pauses when you log out, you can turn off the enemy attacks, or play the multiplayer (which they fixed and is much much more stable and fun), and feel like you're missing out on building with friends. This game likely won’t appeal to everyone: but anyone I know that loved Minecraft and simulation games, even the space strategy lover and you know they will like the game. I’ve even turned a 50+ year old guy onto it 8 months ago and he hasn't stopped playing since"
,Recommended,427520,25435611,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Arumenn,We require more plates.Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's 7 am.
76561198037111410,Recommended,427520,33091037,Posted: 1 July,all,Nobody Home,I enjoy it.
76561198171433147,Recommended,427520,24913791,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dieploegskaar,This game is just freaking awesome.I'm now afraid to play it so I don't accidentally finish it because I just want it to last forever!Need more Iron ore!
76561198061338031,Recommended,427520,27151824,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Groundend,"Great early access game. This is how all early access games should be.The game works great and is fun to play.Last by not least it's 20 euro instead of 19,99."
,Recommended,427520,33197329,Posted: 3 July,all,RobbieTheBest,"Great game!! If you like other city building like games and managing sort of games, Factorio is the game for you. The game is very playable and the developers are always busy improving the game.10/10 would play 300 hours again!!"
,Recommended,427520,25170952,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Grilled Lamprey Vendor,"I'm riding to my Happy FactoryI want to make nice things for my friends and meSo many things to make, so many rocks to breakIt's fun to manufacture thingsI have some very cool machinesSo let's go inWe can beginIn my Happy Factory- ratboygenius."
76561197994180054,Recommended,427520,29100536,Posted: 7 January,all,Jim Bexley Speed,You'll have sweet sweet dreams about conveyor belts...
,Recommended,427520,27442853,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HyPeRSTiLe,"If you're into building stuff, automating this and polluting alien worlds, this is your game!"
,Recommended,427520,33187777,Posted: 3 July,all,Spartan05,"Eat, Sleep, Factorio, Repeat...rather..Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat, Factorio, Repeat...Havent seen daylight in days, send the halp"
,Recommended,427520,32904563,Posted: 27 June,all,PurpleSpaz,"Really fun to build an automatic factory, bigger and bigger!"
,Recommended,427520,32893882,Posted: 27 June,all,Kiebun,"If you want a game where you never run out of stuff to do because you miss it or you screwed up in the first place, then buy this game."
,Recommended,427520,27313181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AgentJakeFBI,"What can I say that already hasn't been said? This game is very addicting if you are into managment type games, The Settlers, Rimworld, etc.  It's pretty much a must have"
,Recommended,427520,32899274,Posted: 27 June,all,Furreh~,Highly recommend it to anyone who liked base building/sandbox games. It seems kinda complicated at first but as you play (and restart a few times) you will eventually get a hang of it quite quickly. Extremely satisfying gameplay especially once you figure out alot of logistics problems with your factories. Runs well and great game overall.
76561198062108088,Recommended,427520,32359071,Posted: 11 June,all,BlackSilence,You ever wanted to spend the next 13 hours carefully creating the most logistical and time efficent factory?yeah me neither. But then I ♥♥♥♥ing did and I don't regret it.
76561197993469549,Recommended,427520,30817120,Posted: 29 March,all,Tofugrinder,probably the best game ever created.
76561198150997197,Recommended,427520,30821566,Posted: 29 March,all,avian_influenza,Pure heroine for autisic people. I love it!
76561198004311451,Recommended,427520,26009243,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[CSH]dark_star,"This game is perfect. I have no regrets purchasing this game. I have also gifted it to 4 other people. I have begun to dream in belts and inserters.Despite the game being labeled as Early Access, it is incredibly stable. Major version updates have added game play value with minimal overhead or unintended regression. The only callout is minimum requirements changed to remove 32bit support. However, this was intended and community supported (generally).Multiplayer is fantastic, server setup is easy and a non requirement as they have plenty of publicly hosted games. Additionally, as this may sound trivial, but it was truely mind-blowing to me; you can download public/private server maps at any time and play them offline or rehost them. Amazing! They are also actively play testing and improving, I've yet to encounter a bug.Single player is infinitely fun. The optimizations made to the game keep it running smooth even on my several year old laptop. Their mod repository is extensive and constantly expanding. The forums and subreddit are incredibly friendly and helpful.Plus, Linux support. 10/10."
76561198007430613,Recommended,427520,33099417,Posted: 1 July,all,Kansiov,Who knew building an efficient supply chain would be like using crystal meth?
,Recommended,427520,24213709,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,the noob,"Great game, although some people are not fit for it. It requires creativity and i certainly lack it.Also, you need friends to make this game much more fun."
,Recommended,427520,33227858,Posted: 4 July,all,gmjason,"Fantastic game. I was in the ""Looks boring"" camp. But then I played it. If you're skeptical, give it a shot. This game has more variance and replay value than I've seen in awhile."
76561197961868850,Recommended,427520,29090885,Posted: 7 January,all,Ben,"It's hard to beleive this game is still in early access.Optimising your machines and protecting your plants from the hordes of beasts is fun. Has good replay value, and feels very polished, if only more Early Access games took a laf out of these guys books!"
,Recommended,427520,32065408,Posted: 30 May,all,Abraham Lincoln,Thi game so gud you can build a factory to build you a factory 10/10/10 would bang
76561198046153596,Recommended,427520,28512179,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,fvandrog,"Challanging and well balanced -- always an incentive to make the factory bigger, and more efficient.No need to get any other resource managment game after this one, this is the top."
,Recommended,427520,21491928,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,maradine,"Mine the coal to fire the furnace to smelt the iron to forge the plate to build the rig to drill the copper to wire the circuit to power the laser to burn the bug to stop him from eating your head.Yeah, I'd play this."
76561198019801346,Recommended,427520,32974903,Posted: 28 June,all,MEME,Pretty lit fam
,Recommended,427520,32679336,Posted: 23 June,all,gtipping,I have over 50 hours in game at the time I am writing this review and I love this game
,Recommended,427520,33091827,Posted: 1 July,all,dgcampbe,"I have been playing a co-op factory with a friend. It is the best assortment of shouting matches about where what resources need to be at what time, which power generation method is best, why that thing I was supposed to build was never built, and why the that thing I wasn't supposed to build was built I have ever had.The fact that a game like this can be played multiplayer is the most epic thing ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,26581189,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ad6m_l4w,It's currently in early access but is a good game right now and will get better as development continues. I've seen no bugs either which is rare compared to other early access games.
,Recommended,427520,23563009,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Archer_MKII,This game is tons of fun ... strongly recommended
,Recommended,427520,32443503,Posted: 15 June,all,Blatherbot,This is one of the most fun and addicting games I have played in my entire life. And it's not even finished yet. The complex puzzle aspect of this game scratches a video game itch I've had my entire life.
,Recommended,427520,32286590,Posted: 9 June,all,Kaisuke,The game caters to programmers minds. It is a constant battle for automation. I bought the game and found myself playing it at any chance I could. Easily could rate this with a modest 5/7 (with rice).
,Recommended,427520,31350396,Posted: 24 April,all,General_Dæx,"Definetly RecommendThis game is amazing, coming up on 100 hours and definitely will continue to play for over 1,000 or even more.though you do need quite a bit of brainpower to get everything working efficiently, it doesn't take long to figure it out, especially if you play on a server first thing. On the subject of servers, this game has a very friendly and fun community that dedicate themselves to this game, which isn't very common. 10/10"
76561198003730722,Recommended,427520,31329972,Posted: 23 April,all,yippyyay,This game hits all the right buttons for me. Start form nothing and just keep going form there.FACTORY ONE:The beginning game is very standard grab resources build the thing. A few hours later after you have built all the things that grab everything for you and build all the things on their own.  If you think about it long enough and plan very little just put more logic into the gigantic mess that is your belts feeder’s inserters and assembly loops. All the things get so messy yet it all works for your benefit.FACTORY TWO:This time you start by thinking about the past mistakes you think about how to make it better.  There is a Logic to every move and placement you need to think about upgradeability and outpost placement. Everything is so clean and neat and your inner OCD is in a happy place. You are figuring out all the little odd quirks with the tech you never got to use on your first build.  Then you get flying robot helpers….. F*** the OCD this thing is going to work for you.FACTORY THREE:Now you have some experience this thing is going to be BIG! More Production Basic materials coming in on multiple rail lines. Signals and switch overs. BELT’S BELT’S BELT’S!!! NEED MORE MATERIALS. MY GIRLFREND DOSENT KNOW WHO I AM ANYMORE!!! Gets run over by a train…………..One giant fun logic puzzle you made for yourself!You need to play this game!!!!!
76561197968467653,Recommended,427520,32407704,Posted: 14 June,all,MrPoireau,Best game ever.
,Recommended,427520,22372591,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,McBirdy,Really scratches the itch of optimization and perfection. The experience is different for every player.The hours have never gone by faster than while playing this game.
,Recommended,427520,29432058,Posted: 22 January,all,JenZi,"Very addicting and autism causing game, 5/7"
76561198013192140,Recommended,427520,29430826,Posted: 22 January,all,minty0,Worth every penny. Was gifted the game and told that this game would consume my free time. Not only has it done that but my wife bought it for out other computer and our love for each other has grown even deeper since playing co-op. Having the ability to make any saved file a multiplayer game is fantastic. Best game for 20$ there will ever be. Well done!
,Recommended,427520,22324277,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Junkchaser,"A long time ago I was hooked to games as transport tycoon, rollercoaster tycoon, theme hospital and theme park. After that I had the feeling no building/strategic game was up to the same quality and atmosphere these games delivered. Any new game was a remake or an opportunity to be a let down. I had my hesitation buying Factorio ... I never thought this game could be the title I was searching for. After playing years of superficial A-titles I can say this game is the best discovery I did in a long time."
76561197970907181,Recommended,427520,21619841,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zane Solomon,I have been playing since i got it. its great. only problem very little sleep and thinking of how to build more and better while trying to sleep.i want a boat/bridge to use in the game is my only complaintthe game is greatran over the bugs? with a train like in the video. actually doing it is so much more amusing.
,Recommended,427520,32614823,Posted: 21 June,all,meh,IT IS FUN AF
,Recommended,427520,32620635,Posted: 21 June,all,Kevinbbx,"1. Builds a factory for 7 hours2. Forgets to build turrets3. Waves of biters (aliens) start to appear from all directions4. Base is destroyed10/10(You can turn on peaceful mode so the aliens wont attack you, which is something I should have done as a new player)"
,Recommended,427520,32617712,Posted: 21 June,all,Haxton sale,Haven't slept for days and the police have declared me legally dead.10/10 would sell soul again.
,Recommended,427520,23365177,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Valkuma,This game is so good. SO GOOD. It is the ultimate form of automation and industrialization games.
,Recommended,427520,31160763,Posted: 15 April,all,Humding3r,"I mean, come on! This game already has Overwhelmingly Positive Reviews! It has active and communicative developers. Just get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,427520,22387900,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,tWed,"Having put over 25 hours into Factorio, I thought I would review the game as it is as of 0.12.30.Factorio is a game about constructing mechanical devices and systems to manufacture and fabricate raw materials. The game has an ""end,"" but it's mostly just a checkpoint for the end ofnewtechnology. These technologies are researched through ""Labs"" that the player can, like everything else in the game, automate. Through ""Science Packs"" of various degrees, these labs produce science which is turned into research for the aforementioned technology. The whole process can become very complicated, adding to the enjoyment of the game.Players can play by themselves, connect to servers, build maps, and play the short but helpful campaign. Map customization and seeding is present. Players can choose dificulty based on the number / intensity of resources and enemy bases, which can, in some cases, increase difficulty severly. Don't let this discourage you, however, for the game is balanced well and can be learnt quickly. The phrase, ""Easy to learn, difficult to master"" can be used here.One of the most discouraging factors about Factorio is that it isEarly AccessA lot of people tend to stray away from Early Access titles, as some are clearly abandoned or neglected by their developers. So far, Factorio's developers have not shown signs of boredom / abandonment of this project, and even if they decide to leave it one day, the game would still have a plethora of content. There are a seemingly endless amount of projects and possibilies for players to construct.Overall, I would highly recommend Factorio to anyone who enjoys playing sandbox games such as Minecraft, Terraria, etc. or has an interest in design / engineering. The game focuses very intensively on the design aspect, which adds to its charm. The $20 tag may seem daunting at first, but is well worth the price."
76561198171049263,Recommended,427520,32597476,Posted: 20 June,all,EmmetMann,Choo Choo
76561197960451265,Recommended,427520,31966141,Posted: 25 May,all,News Team,"Factorio works like this,You start the game, nothing but the basic mining machine and tech to work with. You start harvesting with your machine and begin building a base, research your first tech upgrade and begin to build a bigger base.Its about 5 hours in you realize you've been building all wrong and have to start again.Once you start again, you plan your base better and things begin to run smooth. From here you automate using research technology and grow your base more..♥♥♥♥♥♥ its 10 hours into your second play through.. could have built the base better. Guess its time to start over.Your third play through, you think you mastered the layouts, how to build proper automation lines, your oil fields look like something from an oil enthusiasts dream. You've built yourself a tank and hunt down aliens for more research packs. But you run into another problem.. your base? It wasn't big enough. Your automation? Not nearly vast enough. Your Mining and Oil Empire? Sorry, ruin.You're 15 hours in, its time to start one last time.Your fourth playthrough, you have more mines then the world combined. Your power generation could reliably run the West Coast forever without interruption. You're trains run smoother then the Japanese trains could dream. The chinese envy your assembly lines. Screaming  ""YOU WANNA LIVE FOREVER"" as you drive your tank over those damn bugs. There is nothing that can stop your rocket lauch now.And there isn't, once the you've grown your base and are defended the only thing to do is wait.and wait some more.While I really like this game, and I came in thinking it wasn't going to be this addicting. But it is, it really is. You always see things and ways you could have built your base. You tear down and rebuild so many times, and if you like base building and effiency in design then you are going to love this.I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys playing Civilization or Simcity, but because you have time on your hands and arn't looking for immediate results. Probably best played while also doing something else, maybe watching some TV, or playing with a pet?Also, some good things to note.1) Iron is key, you are going to need lots. And when you think you have enough, more.2) Do not neglect your power generation when expanding your base. Its easy to forget.3) Red / Green wires are very difficult(I found), but if you were a red wire wizard in Minecraft you should do fine.4) Aliens are punks. You're going to need bullets.. lots and LOTS of bullets. Even when you go attacking, bring LOTS.5) It takes a while to get it working, but logistics and constructions robots can be a huge asset.I aimed for a large base, central to all the resources I need and then transport belted them to my main base. Trains are a great way to move large cargo quickly. Build some walls, get yourself turrets either fed by belt, or logistics robots and secure your base. Past that build some pretty assebly lines and get cracking!"
,Recommended,427520,32299797,Posted: 9 June,all,funferno,"Such a good way to spend $20!!To sum up how i feel about this game, IT'S AMAZING!"
,Recommended,427520,32631898,Posted: 21 June,all,Turtleinahafshel,Its addicting if you buy it your life is gone.
,Recommended,427520,27181855,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tom,This one of favorate games and dont let my hours fool you.
76561198082676708,Recommended,427520,32486413,Posted: 16 June,all,ḋʀмἔᾄҭẏ,"This game is great. I play every once and a while and slowly build up my massive overhaul of my old factory, the one when my poor decisions makes everything extremely hard to do.Pros:1. Flat $20 tag is cool.2. Runs on literally anything.3. More reasons."
,Recommended,427520,33181908,Posted: 3 July,all,Yes,Worth the twenty dollars to spend the rest of your lifeexpanding the factory.playing this awesome game!
76561198148416268,Recommended,427520,33176241,Posted: 3 July,all,Nucleardoom,Its amazingly complex!
,Recommended,427520,33248470,Posted: 4 July,all,Kauziger,best game ever 10/10 worth every cent
76561198315114004,Recommended,427520,31894552,Posted: 21 May,all,Cheocheo,This game is worth may more than what it sells for. I would still buy it if it was $40 or $60
,Recommended,427520,26999130,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr.Roboto,You better say goodbye to your social life
,Recommended,427520,33389312,Posted: 8 July,all,clone12TM,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I can't stop playing.MUST EXPANDMUST EXPAND
,Recommended,427520,33391410,Posted: 8 July,all,Fr0stBite,Its fun
,Recommended,427520,33379097,Posted: 8 July,all,Boat,"This game is so good, best if you like games like prison architect or big pharma"
76561198047975415,Recommended,427520,33368344,Posted: 8 July,all,Lacril,"I enjoyed this game even though I  often let it run in the background to produce stuff/finish researches whereas I did other stuff.Pro:+ You can practically automate everything+ Almost all achievements give you reasonable goals which you can achieve relatively easy+ Different power sources with different pros and cons+ Different effective ways  to fight against the aliens (nukes, flamethrower, destruction capsule, tanks, power armor)+ Different ways to transport the ressources/products in your factory (belts, logistic robots)+ Different factory designs, for example a factory which only uses belts to transport items or only robots,Factories which uses as less space as possible with productivity and speed modules but cost a huge amount ofenergy or Factories that use a huge amount of space but no modules and far less energy than those with modules.+ You can blueprint your layouts (production of chips, smelting areas) and let construction robots build ""new section"" ofthat layoutCons- Only purpose for the existence of the aliens is to be an obstacle, but they serve no other purpose and are only anobstacle in the beginning. You can forget the aliens once you can build a good defense (laser turrets, walls,...)-  The game has no real replay factor. You can only win if you build the rocket.The fight against the aliens and the building of the base becomes quickly repetitive.The only reason to play the game a second or third ... time is to get all theachievements or to try different factory designsTherefore I recommend this game to people which like to experiment, to test different layouts, designs.  I would advice people that only play it a single time or are not sure if they like this kind of game to wait for a sale, because you can easily finish the game in 10-15 hours."
,Recommended,427520,26947343,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Big Guy,Factorio enables paradigm shifting and scale-up in a way no other game does. It rewards optimization and automation over waiting and repetition.
,Recommended,427520,33412231,Posted: 9 July,all,Taebin,Very entertaining and challenging!
,Recommended,427520,33402257,Posted: 9 July,all,Rydzard,472 hours of play and still having fun and playingFor  25$Tx to you Factorio team !
01111001011001010,Recommended,427520,29265335,Posted: 14 January,all,Kimchi,Help me I'm not getting enough sleep...I've been taking so many drugsnot really but if energy drinks and coffees count then I've been taking way too many drugsto stay awake to play this mind numbing game. If you enjoy base building/management sims I highly recommend you buy this game since this game is infinite.
,Recommended,427520,23222465,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,saucy pickles,Factorio is a game about factories (duh) and it is really fun to see everything come together into a supermassive huge factory.
76561198033353115,Recommended,427520,33288448,Posted: 5 July,all,Korb-on-the-Cob,"Where do I even begin, a game so simple, yet so elaborate, that it takes a lot of careful planning and placing of objects to layout the most efficient factories.  This game is not like most survival based games, the goal is to harvest materials and build the most elaborate factories.  The key point here is automation.  The goal is to automate factories upon factories and research and research until you are able to build a rocket and escape the alien planet you are stranded on.  The game by far is amazing, however, the game is very time consuming when it comes to researching, sometimes it can take as long as an hour to research a new science if you do not have enough laboratories and potions.  Other than the time consuming aspect, the game for me is a solid 9.5 out of 10 and I highly reccomend it to anybody who has played Minecraft, Terraria, Starcraft, or any game of that nature."
76561198048709553,Recommended,427520,33272089,Posted: 5 July,all,Heart-under-blade,Don't buy this game if you want to sleep. 10/10. Your more 5 minutes will never be your last.
,Recommended,427520,32774064,Posted: 25 June,all,joggfuzz,first time i started it it hooked me for bout 7 hours. Next time same thing. Until it fnally got boring just cus i dont know how to build very advanced stuff. And then I realised there was multiplayer which was way more fun. Highly recommend this game but you should try to get a friend to play it ith or it will get kinda boring after a while in my opinion. I do think 20 euros is a lot for a game like this and that maybe 15 euros would be a more reasonable price but still worth it.
,Recommended,427520,33062246,Posted: 30 June,all,Raiyne,"0 minutes played: Developer sez no discounts for foreseeable future. Ugh. Better be worth it.  Reviews are nasty good.3 minutes played: F the tutorial. I'm the man. Indie game with conveyor belts.  Hook s#!t up. Done.24 minutes played: Finished the first two tutorials.  Skipped the rest.  Pretty cool.  Not sure worth the $20 though.  What am I gonna get 45 minutes out of this game?44 minutes played: I go check out what the red markings on the map are.  Locust hell swarm comes outta nowhere and I try to run.  I'm panicking trying to remember how to shoot.45 minutes played: I pause the game to learn you switch weapons with ""Q"".  Maybe I should have finished tutorials.45 and a half minutes played: THE G0DD@MN Q BUTTON ISN'T DOING S#!T.  I slam keyboard harder.46 minutes played: I realized I don't have a gun.48 minutes played: I *sigh*. Where do I get a damn gun?1 hour and 24 minutes played: I'm making stuff.  Stuff is going into cases.  Everything is manual. What the hell.2 hours played: I accidentally press T.2 hours and 1 minute played: I p!ss myself. Holy crap. I just discovered the tech tree.  My gamer autism kicks in.  WTF is a personal Roboport? Wonder if it will make me fly.6 hours played: Oh baby. Submachine gun and shotgun within minutes of each other.  I am a god. ♥♥♥♥ the Reds.  I charge.1 minutes later: I reload game.15 hours played: Vehicles! First care baby.  16 all over again.  I subsequently spend valuable resources on making repair packs because I keep slamming into s#!t.19 hours played: I'm in awe at how awesome the mechanics are in the game. Don't get me wrong it f^cks up sometimes but this is closer to reality than I've ever seen in a game.  Things work like they should.  Immersion tactic #273.23 hours played: Finally researched trains.  Wondering what the point of them are.  I send everything express all around my masterpiece.  I don't really need bulk deliveries.  I decide not to sign a contract with the train company and they threaten my life.25 hours played: Dope. I make modular armor. I then waste resources making a personal laser turret I can't use yet.26 hours played: I wonder why it took me so long to build an oil rig.  I wonder why it takes me even longer to find oil.  After looking it up, I realize my map has no pink markings on the map in view.  What bad luck.27 hours played: What the hell OIL? You like...have to use all output or it stalls?  Color me befuddled.28 hours played: All my oil lines look like a Tremors movie.  Keep that s#!t underground as long as possible and come up for air only briefly.  I miss Michael Grossman.  On a metaphysical level.32 hours played: BOOOOM.  Rocket Launcher.  That is all.34 hours played: I successfully automate Red, Green and Blue potion Lab researching.  Something tells me this is the single most important thing I can do in this game for automation.38 hours played: My friend buys the game.  We start a coop game.  He complains about waiting so long for stuff to happen.  I laugh into the mic.  I feel like I belong to a secret club.45 hours played: Back to my game. FINALLY.  A damn liquid storage tank.  Damn lubricant has been backing up my production for hours now.  I have enough to supply Reckitt Benckiser for years.48 hours played: Holy Balls! Blueprints!  I knew there were robots but didn't know I can mark stuff for destruction or make blueprints.  This game has it all.50 hours played: I can't for the life of me figure out how to get robots to actually build♥♥♥♥♥♥  Then I realize they need the actual parts, not subcomponents.  I bet they covered this in the tutorial as well...59 hours played: I've had it with the attacks.  Warning messages FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥60 hours played: I plot out a systematic genocide of all alien life around my fort.  I run power lines to the alien spawns and lay down laser turrets, slowly moving closer until eliminated.  Rinse and repeat.64 hours played:  Done!  No reds within a very healthy radius of me.65 hours played: Discovered the damn game has tanks.  Could have used this 5 hours ago.68 hours played: The reds come back.  Damnit. Here we go again.71 hours played: Went to bed at 4am. Wondered why my stairs didn't take me up to the second floor.  I am dreaming of this miracle tonight.76 hours played: I am p!ssed.  I never made a flamethrower...80 hours played: I start fast-tracking Rocket Launch research. Palms are getting sweaty.85 hours played: I play with my Tank for good measure. My target? All the old coal furnaces I never replaced.  They deserve better.86 hours played: SHE. COULD. GO. ALL. THE. WAYYYY.  AND ITS OUTTA HERE.  I win in the most anti-clamatic way ever.  With a popup.  Still I feel proud as balls.1 minute later:  Now what?  OMG THEY ADDED SPEARFISHING IN STORMBLOOD!  To Cactaur!87 hours played: I keep the game open in the background while playing FFIX.  I cannot give Stormblood my full attention.95 hours played: My brother visited and I show him the game.101 hours played: I get up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.  My brother is still playing.  The virus has spead."
76561198165116082,Recommended,427520,31111826,Posted: 13 April,all,Pro Viva Snipes,I don't normally do reviews but I think i have to for this astonishing game. Well it was until my computer decided to not let me play it at.
,Recommended,427520,33422099,Posted: 9 July,all,robo62301,"This is literally the best game I have ever played. When I first saw it, my head went straight to it not looking the best graphics wise. I bought it anyways willing to give it a chance, and now 60+ hours later, I'm addicted. I play this during my free time, I dream about making my factories bigger and better, and I've basically gotten my friends addicted too. I definitely recommend this game to anyone and everyone!"
,Recommended,427520,33440748,Posted: 10 July,all,MiKau,"This review was made as of patch 0.15.xI've watched Factorio from a safe distance, since I try to avoid early access games. I played the demo for a bit and got hooked to play it. The game starts very smoothly, you can either try the campaign, which serves as a tutorial, or go straight into ""free mode"", which gives you an objective to launch a rocket into space. Seems something simple, a single objective, this will be quick, right?Nope. And that is not a bad thing, at all.You will start with nothing and you'll think you're on your regular craft/survival game and think ""let me grab here this iron ore to craft some goodies"". The start seems to be familar, as you'll smelt this iron in a furnace. And that's where it all starts. You'll soon find out you need much more iron to smelt and make more items, so you might as well craft a drilling machine to help you out digging while you focus at other stuff.Then you decide you can just make some belts to move that iron to the furnaces, so you can further do other projects, maybe find some copper. The way you find these little automations are amazing and fulfilling. You'll start to make a huge mess with belts and inserters, but that is ok, you can always move stuff around to fit a better layout if you want. Or leave the mess as it is, it is functional after all.Without spoiling your fun, you'll find ways to automate everything in sight, because the game is so huge. And don't be scared from videos or screenshots with huge factories. Before you realize it, you'll zoom out your factory and see the huge spaghetti and you'll proudly say out loud: ""I made this"". Yes, you did. And you will do it again, or improve that design, adjust bad designs that you created when you didn't know better. And you'll know every corner of that giant base you have, be it a mess or a flawless design.Plus tip: If you like playing with trains, this game will make you smile.Don't be scared by the ""early access"" tag. The game is very polished in it's current state. I have not bumped into any bugs so far.And by the time I'm writting this review, with barely 100h in gametime, I'm about to launch that damn rocket. I'll just tweak my module production, which needs some more red circuits..."
,Recommended,427520,21933963,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,huluvu,
,Recommended,427520,22985540,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Smashbuttons,"Best game NA, would play again. Factories for Days. I was in charge of defense. Jon was in charge of production facilities. A++, shipping was fast."
76561198091430653,Recommended,427520,23135553,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,☣Raw Divinity☣,Enjoying the heck out of this game
76561197974026700,Recommended,427520,32339843,Posted: 11 June,all,Yusho,Brilliant game. Makes you build better production pipelines with every new game and still keeps you motivated with room for improvement.
,Recommended,427520,33466256,Posted: 11 July,all,Faransis,"Do you want a time machine? It's just 20$. Started playing at 8 pm, 30 min later was 4 in the morning.You can play it every day for few weeks and you won't get bored. I spent about 10h in my first world, then around 20-25h in a second one, and even now in my latest one 55h in I want to start over and do things a different way. It's a game where every stage is fun, from the begining all the way to the end."
76561198065953393,Recommended,427520,25257949,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,FourFiveSix,Forget math blaster or whatever that♥♥♥♥♥♥was they made you play in school and make the kids play this game. It makes you think and when you solve a problem it feels so good.
76561197982933574,Recommended,427520,33461726,Posted: 11 July,all,Dion,"Factorio is... interesting. It may not be for everyone, but for those that can fathom it, it's pretty nifty.Basically, you start with your little putz. He can do a couple things. Punch a few trees, make a few tools, make things better and faster. Aaand then the automation starts. This game, start to finish, is about automation. It's about building a massive mining, refining, research, and production complex, which can run without your input. Theoretically you could have several, but I keep wiring everything up for one big central site rather than several little sites. Mining, smelting, power generation, fabrication, assembly, all handled by the fractal chains of automated structures linked by conveyor belts. This game could, theoretically, be considered a sort of top-down shooter, but it's all about logistics, and giving a one-finger salute to the environment, and eventually building a rocket and comms satellite, to get someone to come pick you up. It's about constructing a massive industrial rube goldberg machine.Some will find it relaxing, some will find it vexing. Some won't be able to wrap their heads around the complexities and multiple multi-step processes for producing necessary products. It's satisfying, in a way, looking at this massive fustercluck of a process, materials and goods whizzing by, knowing what it all does and why, and going ""I built something complex, and I know what it does."
76561198287514363,Recommended,427520,33274798,Posted: 5 July,all,Sushiburger,10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,427520,33275043,Posted: 5 July,all,T'Shaunik,"Afternoon: Must build a factory...Late evening: Curses Windows for blue screening, resumes Factorio *thankful for autosaveMidnight: Must continue The Expansion!3 a.m.: maybe I should get to bed... But The Factory needs more work!5 a.m.: Eastern sky starts lightening... The Factory probably should be put into suspended animationHappy Independence Day!Guess I'll finally go to bedWould play all night again 13/10Would iterate Factory for better workflow 15/10Theory of Constraints modelling system... is this a tax deduction for me?"
76561198271750114,Recommended,427520,33277956,Posted: 5 July,all,gibsontim,"Alright, lets see what I can find wrong about this game*plays*eh, what can I say, Its perfection! but it only gets better!"
,Recommended,427520,33145925,Posted: 2 July,all,The Lolbster,"If you enjoy logistics or efficiency, this is the game for you."
76561197995815992,Recommended,427520,22698302,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,mytigio,"This is an amazing game.  I love automating things, and this game is perfect for that.  I'm excited to see it developed further, but even in it's current state it was worth the $20 I payed."
,Recommended,427520,33328296,Posted: 6 July,all,Undefeated Legend of Destruction,"This is a good example of a good game, BUY it!"
76561198346811230,Recommended,427520,33329767,Posted: 6 July,all,Bolbi Stroganovsky,very good game worth the money!
,Recommended,427520,33331572,Posted: 6 July,all,azntaiji,I have no life. Automate ALL the things.
,Recommended,427520,30024675,Posted: 18 February,all,Unboxious,"This game is pretty awesome. Modding community is great, and the game has good support for those mods. I've played through a few times now, and I really just want to keep playing it more. The achievements are well thought-out; none of them are impossible, but many of them are very challenging.One of the things that impressed me most about this game is perfomance. The guys who made this are seriously wizards. They have put some serious thought into making sure that this game will run incredibly smooth in almost any situation; even at the endgame when the factory is crazy-looking, huge, and complex, the game is running at 60 FPS and updating everything 60 times per second, even things that aren't on-screen. Multiplayer works well, even with over 100 people in a game.I bought this in early access, but this is more stable than almost any other game I've played. It has crashed on meonce.I highly recommend this game."
76561198047302608,Recommended,427520,33296875,Posted: 5 July,all,Fama Sicura,Endless entertainment and an infinite number of ways to play.Must Buy and worth every penny of 20$
,Recommended,427520,33297028,Posted: 5 July,all,Scream,"This game is probably more addictive than heroin. I have only played it  3 times,"
,Recommended,427520,33302506,Posted: 5 July,all,Duck_Whisperer,I'm up at 2:45 in the morning writing a review for a factory sim.There is no hope left for me.No hope for my factory either when the biters come.100/10
76561198013536907,Recommended,427520,22454355,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Angry_Razor,If cocaine could be a video game this would be it
76561198025055480,Recommended,427520,26589420,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ceroblitz,As soon as got this game I did 2 full playthroughs in 3.5 days. Each playthrough was 35+ hours.And I still want to do more.I have never focused so hard on something in my life.I look forward to more content.
,Recommended,427520,26589503,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Phi,"Can't recommend this game enough.  Perfect balance of nerdiness, exploration, and a little combat sprinkled in.  Buy it when it goes on sale, its worth it."
76561198031855630,Recommended,427520,33317475,Posted: 6 July,all,TenPsilocybon,"Best early access game I have ever played.This game is sticky like Sid Meier's Civilization.This game is crafty like Terraria.This game is an RTS or tower defense game.This game will impair your sleep, so buy carefully.I had doubts, but Factorio is easily worth $20."
,Recommended,427520,21865103,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,NKFB - Solstorm,Prepare to spend ~12 hours a day playing this game.And 12 hours a night. :3
,Recommended,427520,22093397,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,R3c0n75,"Bought it 2 days ago because of the reviews. Haven't stopped playing since I got it. I've sunk 30hrs into it. What an awesome game. Reminds me a bit of the Sid Mier's Railroads/Sim City/Minecraft all rolled into one.It's definitely a game requiring lots of thinking, trial-and-error (the fun kind), and experimentation.I setup a complex network of conveyor belts to build red and green science that feeds four Research dome buildings. Later in the game, I get my research completed and need to build parts for the locomotive. I re-tool my complex network so it can build the parts for me and soon its kicking out engine parts so fast I have enough to build four locomotives. Nice!That's what I find is so fun about this game. There are so many things you can do and WAYS TO DO THEM.One of the youtube reviewers who does the ""Worth A Buy"" reviews said this is one of those games where you find yourself going to bed at 3 o'clock in the morning then your wife asks you the next day ""why did you stay up to 3 last night?"" and you just can't tell them it was because you were trying to automate vehicle production in my factory or something like that.That's what happened with me and this game. I found myself staying up late and having fun figuring things out. It was very cerebral.If you are still on the fence about this game watch a few game reviews like WAB(https://youtu.be/8ksf5QHlQWg).This is one of those Early Release Games you won't regret getting. Its much more polished than some of those that have come out leaving you hanging until they fix game-breaking bugs.No, this one is definitely a gem and will only get better as the developers continue to polish the game like one of the seven 27ft-mirrors in the ""Giant Magellan Telescope"".And like the ""Giant Magellan Telescope"" this game has the capability and hope to take us to worlds never seen before."
76561197984294629,Recommended,427520,23100692,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,C4th,Do you miss the glory days of base building in Command and Conquer 1? Then this game is for you. Trust me just buy it you'll love it
76561197970013110,Recommended,427520,29880429,Posted: 12 February,all,Nasty Bags,This game is pretty dang fun.
76561198007296354,Recommended,427520,29767911,Posted: 7 February,all,nwrcj,"This game hands down is like crack given its price point and the substantial depth of the strategy. I have played barely 3 times through with 100 hours of gameplay. Each time I've learned to optimize something in the next factory I build. From mining iron, coal, copper....to building huge factories and refineries, smelting and processing crude oil to make more sophisticated parts to build better weapons and to allow for better tech...to ultimately launch a satelite into space....you have got to try this game...its as intense as it is deep. There is still certain aspects of the game I have not even touched yet like the intricate combinator system and the development of a huge freight train network.Pros:-High replayablitily-Vast tech tree-Large amount of diverse factories, buildings, robots, etc that do different things-Decent AI in terms of the hostile aliens-List goes on and onCons:-Once you get to a certain point in the game, you are more or less on cruise control, finding small areas to optimize or expand to enhance things while developing your spaceport and rocket for launch....once you launch the rocket...thats it...time for a new factory and optimizization to reach the same end goal. But before that point....youre playing nonstop to optimize producation. End game is unfortunately weak, and nothing to do beyond that in terms of secondary objectives..if all the things in development come to fruition then this game easily will extend by 100s of hours.-Weapon tech is a little limited compared to the other aspects of the game as well as AI slightly limited.-Aside from that cant think of really other gaping cons....except be prepared to contribute countless hours of your time for game play.Regardless this is still an early release with the final product still to come which will hopefully be massively expanded and blow this version away, which itself can basically fuction as a alpha release title...Time to experiment with mods unti .15 is released."
,Recommended,427520,26918708,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KILLO,Great game of micro-menagement and automation with huge support for  mods.
76561198086412918,Recommended,427520,26887513,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Comrade Amooti,"2 more minutes, no 2 more hours"
76561198065529008,Recommended,427520,26704084,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,heimanc,Wow... It took me a while to buy even after reading all the incredible reviews.  Don't make the same mistake I did.  Buy right now.
76561198197984095,Recommended,427520,26740954,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,NOTDERP,"It's endless.You start off with just some simpe tools.Then you build off into infinity.It's a game where strategy and logistic and thinking come greatly into play.How each production is build to optimise space and resouce.Tought graphics are simple,it's quite decent.Highly recommend if you love strategy or just building things and see them do stuff.Do note that the game is a little hard on new players.So I suggest that you play the first campain or watch a few vids to understand the basic of the game.This game,like i said before.is meant for people who like startegy and management."
76561198073578959,Recommended,427520,26758738,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Murk'N,Factorio scratches an itch. An itch you didnt know that you had until you scratched it. FEELS GOOOOD MAN. 420+ hrs - Ive only scratched the surface of this rabbit hole. How far you go down is up to you..
,Recommended,427520,26722087,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Zendule,"This game is a lot of fun and a blast if you like games with a little bit of a learning curve. I don't mind having to watch a YouTube video tutorial and I enjoy the learning phase of the game.Everyone asks me to explain this game and I just can't, the closest thing to this game might be a combination of Minecraft and perhaps an RTS but instead with factories, belts, trains, and more.The train signal system can take a while to figure out but man does it feel good once you get it running correctly. I wouldn't mind a better train UI or some type of management system though (Managing multiple trains, managing multiple trains at same time (this would help with getting signals working correctly), and it would be nice to have a basic signal tutorial and an advanced one that walks you through train signals step by step).Overall, I would highly recommend the game if you like to tinker and enjoyed Minecraft.I also wanted to add that this game has great replay potential and the first game I wanted to get achievements in."
76561198022183225,Recommended,427520,26545368,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,thefreakish,"This is an all-around awesome game. The technical side is just inspiring, what you can do can quickly grow into something beautiful and great"
,Recommended,427520,26326671,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mr.Whippy,"There's only one con for this game, and the con is that it wasn't in my life sooner. This game is amazing in every possible way. Its one of the few games I call perfect."
76561198011650088,Recommended,427520,26436985,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,*****,"While this game is still early access it is totally fleshed out and also tremendous fun. Worth every penny even when not on sale.Ever felt your sandbox game of choice lacks a bit on the automation side? This game is for you, no doubt.Want to optimize every aspect in your production chain? Feel the itch to hunt down the one thing that keeps you from maxing out production of every item? Here you go!My Experience: Start with the ""New Hope"" Campaign to learn the basics, then get you♥♥♥♥♥kicked in that one specific mission. Then go for the ""Rocket"" Achievement in a sandbox game and come back to the campaign after that. You will know what to do by then."
76561198016946831,Recommended,427520,26123026,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Gjelpera,One of the greatest game I've ever played!
,Recommended,427520,26143511,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,»enDRed«,"Lessons that I learned in Factorio as a Mechanical Engineering Student:1.) If it is not enough, you need to add more or improve the quality.2.) It pays to work hard at the present in order to be lazy in the future.3.) MUST AUTOMATE EVERYTHING.4.) Every little space counts.5.) Revise - Improve - RepeatThings that I lost in exchange for those lessons:1.) My life2.) My time10/10 would lose my life again"
76561198066543156,Recommended,427520,25985723,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,paradigm87,This game allows for complex systems to be built and is very enjoyable. Should you like crafting/building games then this is a definite recommendation.
,Recommended,427520,25968518,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,fenrisúlfr,"The screenshots and videos do not do this game justice. I can't believe it's still only early access, there's so much to do and all of it is extremely satisfying. It gets ""difficult"" quickly, but getting something to work properly (looking at you, science 3) is very satisfying. 10/10 has distracted me from Overwatch"
,Recommended,427520,26006784,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TheDuckMonger,"Excelent for those who tinker, 100% about efficiency. Load of fun, can't wait to see what they have in store!"
,Recommended,427520,22251341,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,JLitvin,Best game ever
,Recommended,427520,22261829,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mister Darke,"DON'T GET THIS GAME! OMG! You'll NEVER See Your Family Again! Days will blur into each other and nights will cease to exist. You'll be building stuff for this In Your Sleep, Which Will Occur VERY RARELY!Do You Want To Be That Person You Read About Who Let Their Kid Starve Because They Couldn't Stop Playing A Game?! If Yes, Then THIS Is DEFINITELY The Game For You!Get It. Immediately.And say goodbye to everyone you love before you click New Game."
,Recommended,427520,22434469,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Pekeponzer,"When I close my eyes, I can see transport belts and inserters..."
76561198079399131,Recommended,427520,29935911,Posted: 14 February,all,Hulksternator,Cant stop playing! Just over a week and I have 64 hrs on it
76561198005688605,Recommended,427520,29941751,Posted: 15 February,all,OBG{A}Nseal1975,This is a great game for killing time.  It has a really good mix of craft ables along with enemy's that stop at nothing to kill you.
76561198061510245,Recommended,427520,29363840,Posted: 19 January,all,DurbFaze,Just too addictive :3
,Recommended,427520,29058263,Posted: 6 January,all,KingSin,"Factorio is a game in which you build and maintain factories. You will be mining resources, researching technologies, building infrastructure, automating production and fighting enemies.Factorio is a game where your minutes turn into hours ...  and even faster if you play with friends ;)excellent graphicsexcellent gameplay and effectsexcellent sound and musicexcellent storybig world with a lot a lot of action------------------------------worth money and timehighly recommend this game !"
76561198040723584,Recommended,427520,26686480,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sp33dyD3ath,"At first I thought that this game would be pretty simple and fun.. I was right for the fun part. I've often found myself playing for a couple of hours straight (w/ or w/o music) trying to make my factory prettier and more efficient and then without noticing it's already 3am.. And with the Devs working on the nuclear power i'm only going to play even more..It also have pretty steep learning curve you'll have trouble understanding at the start, but when you get the grip you can make pretty amazing factories (wich for me is tons of fun for some reasons)If you don't like grinding games and prefer shooters this is not the game for you. But if you're looking for a chil puzzle game and be the boss of thousands of little robots this is the game you're looking for.Pros:-Price-Trains-TankCons:-Trees12/10 will waste more hours of my life.Currently trying to get the Lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ acchivement.Now I need to learn how to finish the game in 8 hours.."
76561198037421959,Recommended,427520,28193212,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,My Name's Corbin,"This game is super fun, i bought it for my brother and we play it all the time!"
76561197999018249,Recommended,427520,29569778,Posted: 29 January,all,PapaMono,"I have 250h+ in this game and I still haven't figured out everything in the game.You start the game with your one guy, you manually mine and bring the ore to your furance, and slowly build machines that mine for you and more furnaces. Then you automate the mining and melting process with the help of inserters. Following that, you start crafting machines, more belts, more inserters, etc and before you know it, you start questioning yourself ""well, I am crafting a lot, is there a way to automate it?"" To what the game replies ""yes, but you have to figure out on your own how to do it.""After hours and hours of figuring out how to automate various systems, I thought the game had not much left to offer, yet I was very wrong. Mods add complexity, quality of life or both if you got used to the systems and are looking for a new challenge. The main mods of today (2017-01-29) are Bob's, Angel's and Yuoki's. They offer so much extra content that you will have many more hours of multiple problems to solve. I have a good 100h into these mods and I have not even scrached the surface of what the mods have to offer.This game is still in alpha, but it really feels like a finished game. In particular, The game crashed only once, and it was during the 0.13.0 version thatI CHOSE TO INSTALL. In that ocasion, I filed the bug in the factorio forums and in the next patch, the issue was fixed. Still, it is important to know that whenever you buy a game in alphayou have to think that you will be happy with the game in its current state. I bought the game when it was version 0.12.X, it is currently 0.14.X and I like the direction the game is taking.The last point I would make is that this game does not give the feeling of crafting games (namely, minecraft). This game is more about automating and making your life easier. The best way I could summarize it, is with the principle that if you find yourself doing the same task 3 times, you might as well automate it and improve your own experience. If you do not want to automate anything, be my guest, but if you want to just see how YOUR automation solution does everything for YOU, you will have more time for architecture and design."
76561198076065516,Recommended,427520,29573562,Posted: 29 January,all,aggelikiandgiannis,"This game has a quite steep learning curve, but after you get past that the game is amazing. In fact, it is one of the greatest games ever played, it is a great time killer as well."
76561198043014287,Recommended,427520,28161916,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Trippledidao,"One of the best and most addicting games I've ever played.The urge to perfect every single one of your productions and solve one bottleneck after the other is just the best.You start wiht nothing and tech/craft your way through automation up to Robots that build huge complexes for you and manage your stockpile. In addition to that, there are tons of great mods that change the way of playing the game every time.10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,427520,27880773,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dogger,10/10 would spend my time building huge Factories again
,Recommended,427520,27883794,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,milliams,Hours and hours of time well spent!
,Recommended,427520,27354777,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,W.Σ.B.,"Factorio is what I've always wanted in a sandbox game. I've played Minecraft, Terraria and Kerbal Space Program a ♥♥♥♥ ton and all of those are fun, but I'd play Factorio over all of them any day. The fact that you can mod it so easily is quite nice, although the other games can do the same thing. Co-Op is amazing. If you want to try it with your friend before he buys it but he doesn't have the game, just Steam Family Share because you can connect to servers by IP, which means you can play it in offline mode."
,Recommended,427520,27861377,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-CMTV- Redwarp,"I usually regret buying game in early access... except for Factorio! This game is pure gold, and you can make trains. Trains!"
,Recommended,427520,27023406,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EyeGGWhy,An engineer's dream
,Recommended,427520,32496706,Posted: 17 June,all,@ri3',"This game is incredible, you can just relax and build a base how you like it, or you can challenge yourself to complete a space rocket asap, or you can have a server with some friends and build a megabase together. And they are still in beta, constantly updating, adding new options to the game."
76561198067393501,Recommended,427520,32502596,Posted: 17 June,all,Hiha,Honestly by far the best €20 I've ever spend. Dev's update the game very frequently. If you're unsure wheter to buy the game or not play the demo first!
,Recommended,427520,22770306,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,General Hastapagacho,Good time killer and they just added multiplayer so now you can kill time with friends!
,Recommended,427520,22711231,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Lime,gr8 story tbh
,Recommended,427520,27412959,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trainborne,"First of all, this game consumes your time.At first i did not see the appeal to it. Mining began slow and resources were scarce.But after an hour of fiddling around the game opens up to you. Automatic crafting has been researched, you need more materials, more smelters, more conveyer belts, more crafting stations. But that still is not enough, I need more science, I need more materials, I need more smelters.... I need more space? I need to sketch it out, I need more efficiency, I need a System!I need oil,  I need refineries.. what's that? my factory grinds to a halt? I need more Power, I need more Iron we need trains full of iron!What? Monsters? I need defences, I need bullets, I need walls, I need lasers, I need more Power, I need more Iron.There is so much to do, I need a helping hand!-> MultiplayerWe need more Iron, we need more defences, we need more circuits etc..Your factory is never big enough, there is always something to do.Factorio. Just 5 more minutes."
,Recommended,427520,22281524,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Captain DOTS,"This game is everything I had hoped for from the various mods I tried to use for minecraft. I am not particurlarly good at this game but I think its really fun and has a lot to offer throughout what I hope is its long lifespan. I runs really well, and looks good for its aesthetic. All in all I think it has more than $40 worth of value, especially given that it is pre-release now.Buy the F---N Game bois"
76561198124687386,Recommended,427520,32685708,Posted: 23 June,all,JerichoJely,10/10 would forget my social life again
,Recommended,427520,24265453,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Snax McGee,"Factoriois a good game.In case you haven't heard, it's a spin on the typical material-gathering and crafting game by offering buildables that will mine and craft for you. It's a fun and original game that manages to cover all its bases without spreading itself too thin. And don't be put off by the ""Early access"" label. It's a complete game and they are just adding new stuff over time.But what makes it special is the way that it carefully avoids being a grindy browser game, and instead manages to be something fully developed tha's actually worth $20. It has a really impressively balanced and gated system of rewarding mastery with certain tools. Instead of going the typical AAA game route where doing well rewards you with the best super-gun that can one-shot all the baddies, it rewards you with increasingly dificult to use but functionally helpful parts of automation, without nullifying the previous parts. For example when you finally get big enough to need trains, the game rewards you by giving you the ability to make trains. And then you are left with the task of integrating trains into your already sprawling mess of belts and factories that only you understand.And on a side note I have to recommend the story mode, which sounds like it would be worthless because Factorio is the kind of game where if you had to restart you would just stop playing. But the campaign mode manages to set you up in interesting scenarios that also serve as a pretty fun tutorial for even the later-game mechanics, all centralized on the easy to swallow ""crashed on an alien world"" premise.So to summarize: Factorio is fun. It's original and gives you a creative medium with satisfying results. Also I'm a sucker for classic-looking 2D graphics. I bought it for full price and I'd do it again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,427520,25621721,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Neb_Town,fun long and hard
,Recommended,427520,32737347,Posted: 24 June,all,seeker of the spook,"I can't even begin to state how addicting this game is. I've started ~3 factories with friends and it's so rewarding to see all of them take off and start researching immediately. I've put ~30 hours into this game, buying it a few days ago, after being recommended it by friends. I think the late game does need some improvement- but there's community mods (i.e angels mod, bobs mod, etc), but for an early access game (and the experimental branch), the game is legitimately rock-solid. I've been running two headless servers off of one of my linux virtual machines, and they have not crashed or failed at all. I have some issues- with holding C causing me to warp back a bit, but those are minor issues, and I cannot be happier with this game. It's awesome, and I'm impressed with how well the game runs and how much content is in it."
76561197979959955,Recommended,427520,32745030,Posted: 24 June,all,Thorox,"Huge, fun time-sink. Love the crafting and automation. Best factory / building sim i've played."
,Recommended,427520,32728846,Posted: 24 June,all,SugarBomb,"Factorio is an overwhelming game, in the sense that it'll give enough gameplay for a lifetime while still being in early access. If that scares you, don't let it; it continues growing with each passing day, with the devs working on putting out updates on it almost weekly. And you can bet each update adds something new to the game; the newest update that I have had the pleasure to play around with is the nuclear update; it adds a new, fun way to power your factory. As you may have guessed, it's power plants that are powered by uranium. But it doesn't end there; this isn't that type of game. No, you'll find you need to mine uranium, refine it, get two types of uranium, one of which is extremely rare. You can turn the common ones into that rare one, and.... well, it goes on and on. Before you might think this will turn you off, let me assure you. It won't.The true beauty of factorio can't be experienced in one, singular way. You will feel a multitude of motives, but the point, in this game, is clear; expand. Make your factory bigger, widen it as far as you can. The complexity of this not only adds to the gameplay, it adds to the achievement you will get when you finally launch that rocket into space. But it won't end there. You'll make another factory. And another. This game will pull you in, and it doesn't let go. So there's only one real suggestion I can make before you buy this game;Have some spare time."
,Recommended,427520,32663288,Posted: 22 June,all,Quackattack,"The feeling you get as you progress, unlocking technology after technology is like cocaine!If you like the process of doing something over and over again to get to get the flood of dopamines as you succeed, than this game is 99.9% for you!"
76561198000652062,Recommended,427520,32663991,Posted: 22 June,all,EndoNerd,"This is an AMAZING game! If you enjoy Logistics, Material Management and Base Defense Games this is a MUST have! I have NO complaints about this game whatsoever! Single player is GREAT and the ability to play with friends makes the game EVEN BETTER! Developers are spot on, helpful and keep the updates / news flowing.Buy this game and watch time fly by!!!"
76561197982694316,Recommended,427520,29305208,Posted: 16 January,all,kugelbauch,"Love the game, it is great! But that's not all folks, I had a problem where I fumbled with some technical stuff, and long story short, not even an hour went by from when I contacted the support team via email to resolution of the issue. These guys are great, both in making a wonderful game and supporting the players! =D"
,Recommended,427520,25622103,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,thatdamnmel,Installed game. Started sandbox game.  Got killed by aliens. Re started sandbox game. Got killed by aliens. disabled aliens re started sandbox game. Got killed by train. Re started sandbox level built factory researched all science packs need to kill aliens to make purple science packs but they are disabled. re enabled aliens re started sandbox. got killed by aliens. 10/10 would get killed by aliens again.
,Recommended,427520,21779565,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,^2brandtastic80,GG
76561197966470373,Recommended,427520,30182979,Posted: 25 February,all,Aw0k3n,Its 5 AM again.... Factorio what did u do to me!?Can't get enough from that game!It's like cocain. But the good kind.
76561197960288793,Recommended,427520,23746124,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Darky,"Dwarfen Fortress + Doodle + Transport Tycoon mixed with Turret Defense and a bit of Minecraft.This game is great, it could use a bit of a grafic rework."
76561198336416862,Recommended,427520,30182075,Posted: 25 February,all,Lieutenant Morgan,"Really fun game, alot of learning and stuff but F!YES"
76561198004686603,Recommended,427520,21543530,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"This is one of those games that just sucks you in, making you play ""just 5 more minutes"" until you realize it's 5am...Factorio is a game about production, logistics & automation, essentially about making yourself redundant.  You start out as a lone person on an alien world, and as is our custom, you diligantly go about destroying the environment and instigating the mass genocide of the native population all in the name of production & efficiency.  Essentially start from nothing and few building a network of automated miners, refineries and production facilities build up a fully automated production facility with the current end goal getting off the planet.In order to keep this review short ( I could write and write) I recommend checking out some youtube vids or checking out the free demo on the dev's website.  If you like building games, setting up systems and watching in satisfaction as all your hard work comes to fruition this game could be for you!I was a bit apprehensive when I first got it as those steam vids look a bit daunting but I can say this game is easy to play but hard to master.  I picked up the general idea from the first batch of tutorials (avail in demo) and watching Quill's youtube video.  I was up and running in no time.This is still in EA but it is very content rich, I have put in about 12 hours in already and barely scratched the surface.Recommended!"
,Recommended,427520,22087727,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Noughtyboy,"I've only played for a little while, but so far it has been great!"
76561198043988340,Recommended,427520,22822535,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SP10T,What day is it?
,Recommended,427520,23546986,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,KnJ,"This game is the most fun I have had in a long time. Its the game that has caused me not to go outside in a while.I am giving this game a thumbs up for its striving goal that keeps you going.The amount of new thing you can build and create, that some times seem almost endless.And the amount of fun you will have playing it.This game is not for everyone though, you have to like games were you micromanage your entire life. Like Space Engineers or Dwarf Fortress.Plus, this game has basiclly endless modding capabilitys.It is a perfect 10 in my book."
,Recommended,427520,21599998,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Solace,"somewhat tl; dr: Amazing game. I regret two things, one of which is the multiplayer system, which is what makes me value a game SO MUCH. (It was probably the only reason I bought this game, beyond premise.) The other one is the controls. They are somewhat poorly explained, like in the map, how do I do it? In the end, it is a polished product, where the devs are happy to communicate with the community. You need an IP, rather than with something like Farming Simulator (15 at least) where it displays servers. It makes the game kind of hard to play without it to me, since I love playing with others; it removes the sense of loneliness in a world, compared to singleplayer. All in all, I can see why this game would be disliked, beyond the multiplayer system if someone is like me in that regard (no end goal, some areas don't have a lot of objects, like power production, etc.) I love this game, but it is has some observable flaws that mean nothing beyond pet peeves to me. Speaking of which, DOEZ ANYONEZ HAZ THE MULTEEPLAYRAWR ZERVERS? Silliness out now. It was hard to keep it bottled up.9.2/10 Not the best game ever, but definitely worth playing. Not worth $20 exactly, but definitely get it even at $15."
76561198170191309,Recommended,427520,24818662,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,nmajask,I love this game because of the combination of survival and factory building
,Recommended,427520,21804140,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Lord Marsden,Took me 52 hours to finish this game. If this dosen't say buy immediatly especially because it is in early access and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more content is expected to come soon then I don't know what will.
,Recommended,427520,30536866,Posted: 15 March,all,barelegs1,I loved this game and am still playing it. It makes me thing about what I am doing and how to do it. :D
76561198075437124,Recommended,427520,21696124,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,giantdad,"Easily as addictive as Civ 5. I never write reviews but doing this to give suggestions for devs. Stellar game as everyone else has pointed out.Criticisms as of 3/7/16  (I only have two):-Not sure if done deliberately but the most annoying thing is how you can't have perpendicular pipelines. So this basically requires my refinery operations to be exactly aligned to a body of water if I need to transport water. It is however rewarding to figure out an efficient configuration for liquids-You guys should fully flesh out the campaign. I really enjoyed it and I feel like it wouldn't be difficulllt to make perhaps 8-10 more missions that walk players through the tech tree and different scenarios. Another improvement would be to add some touches to the existing campaign such as actually being able to drive down the coordinates you found in mission 2, or actually flying the airplane in mission 4.-I read your website for possible changes in the future. A cool idea might be having corporations that manufacture industrial or consumer products that are sold to markets. It could be competitive in that there might be other player/AI corporations competing with you for a short period of time, so this really necessitates maximising efficiency (just like in manufacturing IRL) whereas in the normal mode sometimes there's a lack of pressure.For more RTS elements as you discussed in your site, you could have buildings that produce fighting robots that head towards a rally point. If you have other players, it kind of becomes a passive Supreme Commander but with a greatly fleshed out macroeconomic/production system that, again, necessitates efficiency due to the competitive element.Anyways, like everyone else says, tons of variety, full control over the production configurations you want to design, deep tech tree, lots of logistical elements that nearly all strategy games skimp on, and more. The spine of the game is there with factory designing/logistics - I just really hope that more variety of game modes comes out by the time this game is fully released, with a more fleshed out combat mechanic."
,Recommended,427520,21849317,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jun.On.Fire,This game is so insanely deep and mindblowing that I feel like I should get a PhD in systems engineering/programming at the end of this.I felt like I became smarter just from playing this.
,Recommended,427520,32514925,Posted: 17 June,all,Symmetric Synapse,It's incredibly addicting and time consuming. You have been warned.
76561198134931849,Recommended,427520,22416408,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Gourd,"Ok so really my honest desciption of this game is simpily amazing, and just using that word is not good enough. This game allows you to really be creative and desing in any way that you think works. You can desing your factory to be big or small, complicated with alot of transport belts(like me) or creating orginized convator belts, what ever works with your style. Now most revewers that do a really good job make pros and cons and compare them to other games but, for me I only have one con and that is the fact that while factorio is loading you can't close it but, is that really a big deal? Anyway this game fits me extreamly well but, before buying the game you should play the demo because, it is terrible when you buy a game and you really dislike it so, you should know that I think this game is great but, you are a diffrent person with a diffrent personalty so, try the demo. Well my main point is I think this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,427520,32546810,Posted: 18 June,all,BionicEssence,"So awesome, what makes it better is the mod feature"
,Recommended,427520,32549997,Posted: 18 June,all,fat man,Game is not bad
,Recommended,427520,32549550,Posted: 18 June,all,tolan77,Best $20 I've ever spent on a game. Endless depth but easy to pick up.
76561198064219496,Recommended,427520,28414902,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,LAFtodeath,Perhaps one of the most addictive games I have played to date don't think you can just spend a few minutes in this game when you sit and play this your life will happen around you didn't realize I had three kids and am retiring tomorrow till it wouldn't open one day and I had to something else.
,Recommended,427520,22616792,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,L.,lots of grinding. always remember to save.its ok
,Recommended,427520,25736386,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ZIMT,"Man sollte darauf achten, beim Essen das spiel zu pausieren, sonst wird das Essen in Sekunden kalt. Auch sollte man sich Wecker stellen, um nicht für immer am Rechner gefangen zu sein.Factorio auch bekannt als OCD Simulator, ist eine Zeitmaschine, die dich mehrere Stunden, vllt sogar Tage in die Zukunft schickt.Es ist jeden Cent wert."
,Recommended,427520,23270073,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gears88 (Buy my mixtape),Nice game. More than enough mods to enjoy yourself with if you finish it the first time.
76561198051606732,Recommended,427520,22571247,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,pebzy,Very addictive and enjoyable! Provides unlimited houyrs of gameplay and is easily moddable.
76561198167117196,Recommended,427520,25086762,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bobomous,"Requested drone slaves to get me 40 electronic circuits. Instead got 198.One job, robots… one job."
76561198319900222,Recommended,427520,31100244,Posted: 12 April,all,edenton9,I love that there is no time restraint in this game. It is very laid back to play. Even the aliens arent stressful if you prepare yourself properly! Ive play this game now for over 30 hours and I cant get enough.
76561198071627966,Recommended,427520,29342428,Posted: 18 January,all,FourGreenFields,"Good game, if you like building/engineering kind of games. Imo, the main con is that killing the alien bases massively speeds up their evolution (-> bigger and tougher enemies sooner), which kind of hurts the pretty universal tactic of ""kill it when you can""."
76561198022859604,Recommended,427520,21634476,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Boris Dimitri Mikhail,fun
76561198085203843,Recommended,427520,21540349,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,raven103,"Finally a game that works perfectly on a Mac when advertised. I love this game. My brother and I have been playing this for awhile and we've been making a huge factory on our LAN server. This game is great to play with friends and fun to experiment withI've died 3 times, all from my own trains. 10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,427520,21552167,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,OsumGuy,It consumes you. Beware before playing!
76561198015275473,Recommended,427520,21513158,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,im shit,AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING
,Recommended,427520,21518652,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pieeer1,Honestly I have no idea what I am doing in this game but I still have fun 10/10
76561198009310583,Recommended,427520,21714978,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,usn.hospital.corpsman,"This game ate my birthday. It's pretty much drugs for people with OCD. If you like any form of management games, this is a must have. Ridiculously good."
,Recommended,427520,21800495,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Skankhunt42,masterpiece 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21804341,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,surely,"This is the best game, please kill me."
,Recommended,427520,21804998,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sir Toastie,"I'm a bit biased; I was in the process of making a game engine for a game a few months ago - turns out Factorio is pretty much identical to the idea I had. Fell in love with this game the second I started playing.This game is virtually bug free, incredibly unrestricting and is a mega-base lover's dream. If you liked FortressCraft and can get past the fact this is a 2D game, you'll love Factorio even more (though I still recommend FortressCraft).Something else really worth noting is that the developers actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their game. They've posted several blog posts revealing their philosophies behind their decisions, even acknowledging the 'feel' of the game and problems they've noticed - most recently, the fact the game stagnates at a certain point due to the tediousness of larger furnace rigs. They've identified it and are coming up with ways to fix it. This is dedication and is proof that my money was incredibly well invested.Oh, and there is a full mod system and multiplayer.This is basically the holy grail for logistics gamers."
76561198015337461,Recommended,427520,21813314,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Holgual,"Finished first playthrough of a randomized basic map, took me 50ish hours. Be ready for your head to swim as you try to crunch numbers and figure out how to tetris stuff together. If you enjoy puzzle / management / sim games this is for you!Oh and don't sit down to play for ""just a few mins"" while cooking, unless you like to eat burnt Stuck-in-the-Pan-aroni. Also I think the game comes with time travel as I swear I just started playing a couple hours ago and yet its dark outside now =/"
,Recommended,427520,21741418,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Efix,This game is really great!
,Recommended,427520,21931707,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lucantic,"Saw the game and thought: Cheap, looks fun. Buy it, start it and suddenly 3 hours have passed, and I've been needing to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥for 2,5 of them. No wonder I was looking for a ""sewer"" section......."
76561198055177394,Recommended,427520,22402333,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Rambolink94,"Do you like machines to do literally everything for you? Do you enjoy mowing down millions of insects in a matter of seconds? If so, then this is the game for you. It's graphics aren't amazing, but they are nevertheless detailed and beautiful. Prepare to put a lot of time into this game if you buy it. Believe me, it's worth it!"
76561197993657118,Recommended,427520,22755309,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Paleorange,"This is gaming crack, i've not known addiction like this since playing the original Civ. I never imagined logistics would be so enjoyable. Even watching the conveyor belts continually going about their conveying business is enjoyable and I get so much pleasure from working out how to make my creations more efficient.One day I will have to force myself to play this less. Today is not that day."
,Recommended,427520,23027123,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Jackdks,I bought this game after reading the numerous positive reviews. From that I needed to see this for myself. Upon sitting down I literallt did not stand back up. This game is like a drug. I kid you not. Anyways this is my story:>Come across a broken factory>Everything in it is pretty much useless at the moment except for the power source>Decide to try and repair it anyways>Build mines and refineries in order to repair the base>Start a research facility>Optimize>Optimize>Optimize>Finally have a completely self sufficient research wing (In order to research the technology I need to repair)>Complete the research I need>Fix the base and a railroad leading to a mine>Run out of iron>ohshit.jpg11/10 Would run out of iron again
76561198267944369,Recommended,427520,22849530,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BubbleBass,"You first start off with the basics, coal power.Before you know it you have 18+ hours and have flying robots that deliver you items as well as a train stationThis game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,427520,22289410,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,The Last Ewok,Bought this game on lunch. Longest lunch I've had to date.
76561198077365430,Recommended,427520,28830581,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Egg_With_Sweg,"Very fun game, keeps you entertained for hours... Exept, once you get far enough, it gets boring. I would suggest adding more recreational activities or adding planes and boats. Also, the alien spread rate is insane, i would play for a few hours and these massive clusters just keep on growing, and me any my friend are not prepared to take these superclusters on..."
76561197961720594,Recommended,427520,28292716,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Turric4n,"i never saw such an optimised interface on a game. Every game developing studio should take note.The game itself is also really good, i spent hours building factories and optimising them.Only thing i am missing are some challenges later in the game other than bug nests."
76561198042225745,Recommended,427520,27811791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DreadedReborn,"The game starts off nice and simple : You need to collect ores and smelt them. It would be easier if you could automate this process.From there, it slowly becomes an engineering singularity, and you reach the point at which you simply cannot stop trying to upgrade everything. It becomes instinct to replace old factories with new ones. You don't even think about it anymore, you just do it.What more could you ask for in a base-building resource-management game?"
76561198140759401,Recommended,427520,27881065,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dingbat32,"A great factory building game, it is what I wanted from minecraft that it could never give me"
,Recommended,427520,28262430,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JoshWPro,This game is just insane. Pure compressed addiction injected in every inch of this brilliant game 10/10.
,Recommended,427520,29413244,Posted: 21 January,all,The entire population of Peru,"Good if you don't have anything else ruining your life.If you're already into hard drugs, this game isn't probably for you. If you aren't, this game will become one. They will find you blacked out, fallen off your chair and completely comatose. It is only then you can turn this game off. Don't worry though. You will be back for more.Also it has conveyor belts, so that's neat."
,Recommended,427520,29414375,Posted: 21 January,all,yummysinsemilla,"I don't write many reviews, but I simply have to for this game.  This is a PRIME EXAMPLE of how indie is saving the gaming industry.I had a buddy at work tell me about a week ago, ""Hey, I found this really cool game that I think you'd like.""  I look into it and see, yeah, the premise is pretty cool.  It seems neat.  It has a high rating. I'll give it a shot.At first glance, it is not impressive in the least, but this is a very well implemented and insanely addictive game. It's both extremely simple and extremely complex.  It really is what you make of it.  It is a great test to your creativity and problem solving abilities, but in a very fun way.  It's not an annoying puzzle game nor is it a simple, say, city builder.  It's really hard to truly describe this game.  One has to play it to really appreciate what the developers have done here and it's STILL EARLY ACCESS.  It blows my mind.  The more you play it, the more you will enjoy it.  At which point that changes, I have no idea.There's a reason why this game has an ""overwhelmingly positive"" review rating with over 15,000 reviews.  It's one of the better games I have played in a long, long time.Not only are the developers making an absolutely fantastic game, they give you a free demo!  Not only do they give you a free demo, the game itself is only $20!  Not only is the game itself only $20.... THEY MADE IT MODDABLE.  Not only is it moddable... it's EASILY MODDABLE.  Holy... freaking... crap.  You can play it literally however you want to.  Yeah, I only have about 52 hours in on the game, but I'm playing vanilla and I'm still absolutely loving it and about to start another game.If you like creation.  If you like problem solving.  If you like making something as simple or as insanely complex as you want it to be, I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this game.  It will be the best $20 you've spent on a game in a long time.  I guarantee it.  I can see myself playing this for, at the very least, hundreds of hours, seriously.I'll be honest, I want to just donate even more money to the developers simply to say a thank you for creating a wonderful game in a time where people are cranking out garbage games left and right for a quick cash grab, especially the A class game developers.  I can tell this game is made from the heart of these developers and from what I've heard, they truly love creating it and the amazing reception it has had.In my opinion, this game is up there with Minecraft and Terraria, if that tells you anything."
,Recommended,427520,28572570,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sawdust Invader,It's pretty good.
76561198095649355,Recommended,427520,27904568,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Badass,Easily one of my favorite steam games ever. The most addicting game I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,427520,28008157,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eric Pickles,The objective of Factorio is to spend as little time playing it as possible. You build machines which build machines which build machines etc. You want to design your little factories and mining operations to do as much of the work for you as possible on your way to finish mission objectives. Surprising ly addictive. You'll be playing this into the small hours.
76561197972052333,Recommended,427520,30198082,Posted: 26 February,all,Ph4nt0m,Hey only one of the best games ever... that and Kerbal Space Program are the bomb.
76561198024392035,Recommended,427520,30155003,Posted: 24 February,all,R.E.G.I.S MK-V,I started a new game at 25 hours and 10 minutes later it was 67 hours
76561198095389440,Recommended,427520,28959212,Posted: 2 January,all,Vermontlog,"Thought ""just another surviver builder game, but wha the hell"", bought it,played it, slapped myself for being a idiot, kept playing"
76561198072472100,Recommended,427520,28588180,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,eldar195,"first reading the comments i laughed and said people are insane, but after i started playing, started exploring the game, and continue to progress, make better factories perfect systems make giant bases that feed them selfs, you see how seconds turn to minutes, and minutes turn to hours, and hours turn to days of just playing this amazing game, i recommend this to everyone that enjoy optimizing and advancing in your game"
76561198045136633,Recommended,427520,27118277,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrVochomurka,"A good successor to Transport Tycoon.It is fun to create your factory/city piece by piece and watch it work endlessly on manufactured parts. Another example that well-designed 2D graphics might be a very good choice even today.The only thing lacking is some better interaction with the environment. In TT you had at least growing cities according to your supply of transportation services and virtual passengers going to/leaving villages and cities. In factorio there are only semi-ignorant greenpeace local creatures that try to attack your worst polluters and the only option is to either seal them off or exterminate them.Overall a very good idea with nice graphics, good UI and a ""one-more-building-before-bedtime"" principle."
,Recommended,427520,27869918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Guderian,"Ingenious mechanics and progression.  Minutes turn to hours very quickly, ""ah I just need to redo my copper smelting before I go, but how is that going to impact my ore dropoff rail station, and then shouldn't I redo my track switches so my trains get in faster?  What about..."" etc etc.  As addictive in that sense as Civ in its best moments.Dev team is engaged, thorough, perfectionist yet realistic.  Very high self standards, very focused on optimizations.  They have created a masterpiece and are lovingly refining it.  I have gotten my money's (US$20) worth out of this and then some!"
,Recommended,427520,27885346,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hangry Tortoise,There's trains in it so that's pretty cool
76561198008171149,Recommended,427520,26526427,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Karakaz,"AUTOMATE ALL THE THINGS!No seriously, it's a truly great game, especially if you're a programmer. It is supported by a lot of mods created by an awesome community as well. Nothing bad to say about this game. Well, the end game is sort of lacking, but there are mods that help with that.10/10 Would automate again!"
,Recommended,427520,26664253,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Script Flippa,Super dope.  Nothing like it.
,Recommended,427520,26588957,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The_Praetor,"Definitely deserves its outstanding rating. This is an amazing game, but unfortunately I can't run it on my Mac. It's not old, it's a 2010 model. I really wish I could afford a proper gaming PC but I can't. The only time I get to play it is on other people's computers. It's awesome, but the system requirements are a bit much for what's actually there. Great concept and gameplay, but it would make a world of difference if computers like mine could run it, because it's all I have and I don't see myself getting a new computer any time soon. I'm sure there are many people with a situation like mine, paid 20 bucks to find out it doesn't work. If this could get fixed anytime soon, that would be amazing."
,Recommended,427520,26017550,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Rangercake,i r8 9/11
76561198043059364,Recommended,427520,26476476,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,GreedyStegosaurus,This game is addicting once you start you cant stop. the fundamental mechanics of destroying the ecosystem while making complex yet simple designed to progress in the game and fight aliensDont forget about the button quit so you can see your family
,Recommended,427520,28886114,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Toriatrix,Extremely good game. Despite the 2d and kind of poor graphics.The gameplay is just so extremely addictive and satisfying.And the possibilites are endless.Super bonus is the really good Multiplayer and COOP support.100% Thumbs up for this game from me. =)
12345678900989089,Recommended,427520,28888621,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,A weeb with good tastes,"This game is great and I recommend it for anyone analytical and not focused on the graphical side of gaming. It doesn't offer much in the way of graphics and the entire color pallet is dark colors. Looking beyond the visuals though, it offers a great experience. The research system makes sure you are progressing along the game with certain milestones/achievements make you feel great. Automating blue science packs (you'll find out if you play the game) just felt great. The whole story-type didn't really seem to fit; I didn't want to build the rocket silo, but to instead build bigger and better automation systems.The modding community is especially great. Hours upon hours of extra gameplay are added.All in all, this game is worth it's pricetag; I didn't even buy it on sale and still think it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,427520,28915640,Posted: 1 January,all,Räzz,Awesome!
76561197978414830,Recommended,427520,26867516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[OdW]-Hex_0x_000f,"Aufbau - Ausbau - Verdeidigung - Angriff!Muss noch das schnell fertig bauen ...  oh es ist schon 3 Uhr !Lasst euch nicht von der Grafik zurückschrecken, der Tiefgang von diesem Spiel ist einfach genial. Durch die Mod-Community gewinnt das Game noch mehr an Tiefgang. Das Ausbauen und Verbessern von Produktionsketten bindet den Spieler relativ gut und macht rießigen spaß.Grafik: ~ (zwecksdienlich)Gameplay: + (sehr schöner Tiefgang und haltet definitiv bei Laune)Story:+ (der Weg wird durch den Spieler gestaltet, zufallsgenerierte Karten, Ziel ist Fest)Manko: Wasser ist unendlich verfügbar, Wetter wäre noch schön .... spiele Factorio immer wieder gerne"
76561198068318962,Recommended,427520,26747739,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Novah,"Id like to state a quote my friend made.""I see aliens I build wall."" -McBawbaggins 2016Pretty much sums up this game buy it now."
,Recommended,427520,27315383,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Josf,"Must buy, 5/7"
76561198028852964,Recommended,427520,27529741,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cozinoid,Absolutely amazing game. Kills all my free time :(
76561197995720661,Recommended,427520,27543612,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ch1ck3n_L0rd,"Very addictive, Love it!"
,Recommended,427520,26966430,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spacedeck,"Excellent management and building game.  Gives a great sense of accomplishment when done correctly but be warned, it's highly addictive."
,Recommended,427520,27249111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boogiew,"Waste of time, but the best kind of waste"
76561198060354352,Recommended,427520,29213502,Posted: 12 January,all,Demiteam,"Factorio:A game you don't understand at first, you play for hours, and you still don't understand, but somehow you are stuck with a massive factory empire that feeds on your social life.If you enjoy thinking, analysing and designing, say goodbye to your social life.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,29231134,Posted: 13 January,all,NICO NICO NEED TO KILL MYSELF,">Crash on planet.>Don't know where the ♥♥♥♥ I am.>Steal minerals from the locals.>Build factory.>Kill all natives in my rocket-powered tank called ""Mega♥♥♥♥♥"".>Use the natives juices for ""science"".>Lay waste to their land in Mega♥♥♥♥♥.>Build bigger factory.>♥♥♥♥ off home in my rocket.>Get home.>Play Factorio.>It's pretty good."
,Recommended,427520,27732338,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Infinite Wormhole,"I nominated this game for the ""Just 5 more minutes"" award, this game sucks you in completely, I haven't played a game that I could get hooked on like this in a very long time. Would recommend/10"
,Recommended,427520,29450638,Posted: 23 January,all,Kyubey,This is like the best game ever
,Recommended,427520,26839876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,★Kalyff,Take your civ addiction to a whole new level
76561198185021851,Recommended,427520,27681063,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WaywardJellyfish,Really addicting! Only thing I would change is the syncing of achievements to steam when mods are installed... Definitely would recommend this to anyone who loves puzzles!
76561197964901137,Recommended,427520,27714579,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Urborn2die,Highly addictive.. if you want something that actually makes you THINK.. play this game. Its simple but at the same time more complex then rocket science.. then again it IS rocket science... your building a rocket.. look if i have to explain it your not paying attention and thats just wasting time i could be using to do other things but i digress. The game is amazing in its simple premise. Build a rocket and get off the planet before aliens eat your face.  Not so simple premise.. build ALL the things....Trust me.. if you like building and thinking this game is fo you... if you dont.. your a witch and we need to have a talk over next to this post with the wood  piled around it....ignore the smell of gasoline...
76561197970575693,Recommended,427520,27885427,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Simply Bagel,Goodbye free time.
,Recommended,427520,28539806,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Demignome,"An absolutely fantastic resource-strategy game.In Factorio you move through layers of complexity as your factory grows in size.  Successfully automating new manufacturing chains allows you to shift your focus to new tasks or to improve the efficiency of previous builds.  Soon you realize your mighty machines are hungry for new resources and so the dance begins.  Juggling between expansion and resource harvesting.  There is always something to tweak, always something to optimize.  Great fun I highly recommend."
,Recommended,427520,28496467,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gangsir,"I've been playing this game for a while, and every hour has been fun. If you're a fan of micromanaging, ensuring every function is efficient, and automating everything so the game ends up playing itself, then I'd definitely recommend trying this game out.It's not for everyone, however, so make sure to try the demo out beforehand to see if this is the type of game you like, as some gamers are not into this type of gameplay.All in all, one of the most fun and stable games I've played, and with an update on the rise in early 2017, I'd definitely recommend picking this one up."
76561198074663643,Recommended,427520,26164369,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dasterdaly10mmm,Do you like automation? Do you like automation that you built? Do you like automation that barely works because you built it? Do you like fixing said automation so it will work for five minutes. Do you like repeating this process but more complicated? then this game is for you!
76561198048529975,Recommended,427520,26166326,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ASTON[HUN],"It took me more then 100 hours to finish this game. I reccomend this game to everyone who has the time for it.The dev is great lot of improvements to the game since i started playing, i really like how they try to make everything so convinient, and easy to use, but nuanced at the same time. So great job! I will put at least 200+ hours into it for sure.5/7"
,Recommended,427520,27358177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Orange,"Started playing at midnight, and five minutes later it was 7 a.m.Now seriously, this game is truly incredible, if you are looking for an innovative strategy game, this is the game for you.Also, frequent updates are a big plus."
76561198038868505,Recommended,427520,27230545,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Ginger,Managment of Managment done by Managment to Manage making more Managment
,Recommended,427520,26968136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Finlal,It's a good game.
76561198115511404,Recommended,427520,26859342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robob,- время
76561197993647669,Recommended,427520,27253810,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☣ BigBuTcher83 ☢,One of the best games i've ever played :)
76561198137231979,Recommended,427520,29477070,Posted: 24 January,all,𝕩 𝕩 𝕩ｓｔｕｄｉｏ,Honestly one of my favorite games at the moment its a great game and i cant wait to see what the devs do with it.
,Recommended,427520,29513190,Posted: 26 January,all,Meikkhaell,"One of the best games I've ever played. Devs are nice, helpful, and work hard. Lots of mods if you get bored of the base game (getting bored of the base game takes a LOOONGGG time btw) Lots of gameplay hours, plus even if you finish the game there's lots more stuff to do. For anyone who likes factories, survival, science, automation, and most of all, ripping your hair out in frustration at how much you suck at the game, this one's for you!One tip I would have for the Devs is a longer Campaign. This one has some pretty nice levels, (namely the railway one, helped me out a lot,) but overall feels more like a tutorial than a campaign. A full-out campaign mode would be awesome."
,Recommended,427520,29907401,Posted: 13 February,all,nafnaf04,"I love this game. But Devs please make it so when you have to uninstall mods, that you can go into the game and uninstall it, in stead you spending half a hour trying to find the stupid file."
76561197984598532,Recommended,427520,30074715,Posted: 21 February,all,ConnorsSilverpaws,"Ever play a tech-based Minecraft modpack and enjoy that moment when you could have a machine do something for you?This is a 2D sandboxesque logistic game that allows automation which adds depth of complexity while progressing in research. Feedback from the pollution generated creates different approaches to where you build and whether or not to scale back in certain directions, rather than blinding build everything infinitely. While automating, it creates puzzle after puzzle on how to place things to feed into each other while not wasting space or bleeding into an adjacent automated system as well.Balance your power, raw materials, refined materials, craftables, fluids, and automated vehicles to create an amalgamation of a base that feeds supplies to get a rocket into space."
,Recommended,427520,29792280,Posted: 8 February,all,Gerge Ferman,"The game of picking something to do, then realizing you need more of x,  but to get more of x you need more of z,  but for more of z you need more of q,  but for more of q you need to destroy half of your base and rebuild it.  4 hours later you have rebuilt your base, been woefully unprepared for an alien attack,  and not even come close to finishing what you originally planned."
76561198018813530,Recommended,427520,29795720,Posted: 8 February,all,Daboss302,What are you reading the comments for? did you not see the madness of the video clip?BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,29909905,Posted: 13 February,all,Niteny,Really fun game if you like to automate tasks and processes.
,Recommended,427520,30054343,Posted: 20 February,all,DerOkon,Shows you your unexplored OCD and will keep you hooked for hours and hours. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,29514838,Posted: 26 January,all,"The S in ""IoT"" stands for Secure","Do you have an almost infinite amount of time to REALLY get into a game? This one, right here, is for you.You'll spend endless hours optimizing every last conveyor belt, every single inserter, and just when you think you've done the best you could, you'll get a flash of insight, and realize that you could've made everything so much better if you hadn't made those dumb decisions at the start of your freeplay, and tear it all down and start over. But that's part of the fun!"
,Recommended,427520,30116435,Posted: 23 February,all,noahp78,"Great game, lots of replay value with mods. and with update 0.15 you can continue researching and doing things forever!"
,Recommended,427520,29794441,Posted: 8 February,all,Belkar,Oddly addicting. End up spending almost as much time watching the factory I built as building it.
,Recommended,427520,29948471,Posted: 15 February,all,Kampy*,"Amazing game! Great atmosphere. Takes forever to beat. Addictive character. Nice graphics top-down view. Gameplay is based on logic and efficiency, but also has some fighting aspects that are both fun and challenging. Totally recommend this game!"
76561198089839170,Recommended,427520,29974030,Posted: 16 February,all,Retro Awesome,"I Only Recommend Games With 30+ Game HoursIt has a Sim City feel, but with alien wildlife keeping you on your toes. It also has a map maker too, which is nice. :)"
,Recommended,427520,29755682,Posted: 6 February,all,sonaxaton,"Unbelievably addictive and interesting game. If you like programming, engineering, or just general problem solving and puzzles, you'll love this! It's so much fun planning, designing, and building the most efficient factory possible. Plus the music and art style are really cool. Highly recommended."
76561198015711075,Recommended,427520,29923546,Posted: 14 February,all,Faux_Grey,"I watched the trailer and now I want to buy the game again.This is really good, get it guys."
76561197998145359,Recommended,427520,26343055,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,[Red][Bash],"Great little game....so much to do so much to build,and the circuit network realy makes thing more intresting,when building a factory....if you like building automated facotries,then youll love this game...just recommend a back-up game for diversity..cause youll be doing the same thing all day long ( automating )."
76561198162234690,Recommended,427520,26081121,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tactical Cheese,"Loved this game. Was a blast building, improving, and expanding my bases. The concept and design are spot on. Besides a bit more expansion of the tech tree and very small requests, the game is basically perfect."
76561197999358586,Recommended,427520,29672072,Posted: 3 February,all,KINGS GUARD GAMES,"i find this game so realaxing and find myself thinking about how to make a better factory, so satifying :-)"
76561198158656057,Recommended,427520,29863517,Posted: 11 February,all,cellpower,This is a game in which you dont have to be good or bad at logisticsYou can make simple designs and get better and better as you playYou can also make it super compact and effiective designs and get through the game fastEither way is fun and an enjoyabe experience(With the small amount of time)(Ok maybe a large amount of time)
,Recommended,427520,25797245,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,citcat,One of the most addictive games I ever played. I play even in my dreams <3
,Recommended,427520,29367834,Posted: 19 January,all,One Single Flamin' Hot Cheeto,"Just look at my hours.Also, PRAISE THE SUN, DEUS VULT!11!!!...X......X......X............X....X....X..........................................X..X...lol....X..X.........................................X.....X....X.............X.......X.......X......"
76561198126889358,Recommended,427520,26832670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AhTheBone,"""The Most Addictive game i've ever played, makes you want to go back for more every day"" - Daryl"
,Recommended,427520,22071462,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MG,"I saw full price without ♥♥♥♥ing 0,99 so I bought it."
,Recommended,427520,22073153,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,AzidicArcturus,the first game to not deduct a worthless penny into a price tag...not like i give a crapi'm factorio rich
76561198141188637,Recommended,427520,22088557,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Steaky,Just another way for me to lose my job due to automation.
76561198101200456,Recommended,427520,22628439,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mattatat,If you like management games this is your game. If you don't still try this game
76561198082672759,Recommended,427520,22681281,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Humble Traveller,"Step 1 - Start a new gameStep 2 - Start mining blue stuffStep 3 - Try to figure out why it takes a century to mineStep 10 - Finally figure out your inventory and how to place thingsStep 37 - Beginnings of automationStep 38 - Nearly die to aliensStep 4,301 - DEATH TO ALL WHO OPPOSE YOUR REIGN ON THIS NEW PLANETIn all seriousness, this game is amazing. Playing and trying to figure out what in the heck to do is fun on a bun. This game will have you sweating and completely forgetting about the thing you were supposed to do 3- no, 7 hours ago..If you love machines, building, surviving, and tinkering, this game is for you. <3"
,Recommended,427520,22682621,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Archangel Zaphkiel,"Got the Mark II power armorAdded 2 Mr. Fusions (Fusion Generators) and 7 exosuit skeletons.>210% speed bost>able to outrun enemiesWho needs cars anyway>Attempt to destroy enemy base>forget shields and get instakilled10/10 would be flash again, and it only took me 50 hours to get there"
76561198134547362,Recommended,427520,22684093,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,(TOL) Wuhlfe,"Before buying this game i looked at it and thought damn.. it better be good.. thats pretty high for an indie looking game...then as many have said, 30 min later became 8 hours before i knew it, now those 8 hours have become 70 hours..then i come to the realization.. i wouldve paid 50 for this game... O_O"
76561198020653573,Recommended,427520,22602599,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Revolução,China Simulator 2017
,Recommended,427520,22491620,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pure,Nice. Get it m8
76561198008588625,Recommended,427520,22491907,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,tri-edge[COWA],I got this game even though it didnt seem like something i could stick with. 2 days later i reallized i put in 32 hours. someone..........help me..........
,Recommended,427520,22653114,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ViDa,"Let me tell you a tale. One day, there was a boy named Mega. He loved games, and one day scavenged the realm of lord Gaben for a new adventure to partake in. He found Factorio, and told everyone of the good news! He had found a new game that lord Gaben has blessed all the mortal peasents with.Mega then stayed home and played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.69/70Not enough Eldar sex, nor Necron porn."
,Recommended,427520,21563597,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Morlly,"Yes, you should buy it."
,Recommended,427520,21563641,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rage@oVRactive,"Insanely addictive strategic building game, nostalgic C&C like graphics. Would reccomend for anyone who likes old-school strategy games and logistic-building games (Starcraft merged with TransportTycoon) as it marries the best of both together in a unique title.Addictive - High gameplay hours and replayability.Macro - Havent yet found any sort of build limit, map limit or enemy limit. Its all as endless as you would like it to be.Research and Character Progression - Upgrades for buildings armor and weapons.Building - Intuitive, easy to build logistics systems allowing for practically limitless creative solutions.PvE - Constantly respawning, multiplying and evolving enemy alien colonies keep the game challenging.Pollution - The more you pollute the local atmosphere, the more it upsets the locals.Vehicles - Go cruising the infinite world in cars or tanks after creating your stronghold.Multiplayer - Can connect over 60000 players to a single multiplayer game.If you are interested enough to like what you saw of the gameplay and graphics style in the preview video, just buy it, you probably will not regret it!"
,Recommended,427520,21568678,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SkunkDung,"Great game, starts out simple, gets harder and way way more complicated as time goes on.Also gauranteed to lose sleep since youll be on this game instead of sleeping."
76561197989272468,Recommended,427520,26697252,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Haunted35,"This game is unlike any others. For one, it actual requires intelligence to player, or atleast, a degree of thinking past what most games offer today. I'm an Electrical Engineer and I have actually applied things I've learned from my time in college to many things in this game, and I have just played through the game a few times. This game allows is exceptional, and most definitely follows the rules easy to learn, hard to master. There are hundreds of ways to build set ups, create logic gates that can deliver different functionality from the same game. Over all, it is a very detailed and deep game that is only getting bigger and better with each patch. For an EA game, it definitely feels very complete in a ton of areas, and I'll continue to play this game for a long time to come."
,Recommended,427520,26969597,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krytan,"A nice little production management game, with a little added flavor of combat via the 'aliens' who's planet you've crashed on. It lets you be as messy or compact as you please with your designs to eventually build the resources back up you'll need to call for help and end the game."
,Recommended,427520,26766649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alphys Hedge,"I sometimes exaggerate when I give opinions, but I'm not exaggerating at all when I say this:Factorio is one of the best games I've ever played. It's challenging, and requires a lot of concentration and strategizing. Just my kind of game."
76561197982976092,Recommended,427520,27227419,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mINImal,"This game is Awesome.NOMINATED for the ""Just 5 more Minutes"" Steam Award.10/10 Will pollute alien worlds again and again."
76561198232217708,Recommended,427520,25810450,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DangerousFoil,Factorio is an amazing game. I personally think the first hour of the game is kinda slow but saying that I have three factories that I get on daily.10/10
76561198299157724,Recommended,427520,26136737,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pixelaces,This game is mind blowing!!!!!! i love this game a lot
,Recommended,427520,26046887,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SWW13,Endless fun of automation and optimization.BTW: Early Access in factorio only means they are still working on updates.
76561198046621898,Recommended,427520,25924792,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,the.degenerate.subspace,"Fantastic Game. Just finished the ""There is no spoon"" achivement. It was not impossible and very entertaining."
,Recommended,427520,24142425,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,dont say swears,"This game will consume you. You think you can escape this game, but you will come back to it."
76561198062611361,Recommended,427520,24030537,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Domonian,"Soooo.... Factorio. I have played many hours of this game (ignore that it says 2 hours, I bought it from the website and then here, because they deserve my money). While I enjoyed every minute I played, after a while, you get bored. You run out of things in the tech tree to research, there is not much that you haven't built. That's where mods come in. I have a fair amount of mods currently installed, but they took a while to set up. It added so much more to the game (I do have over 50 mods, however). The only reason that I have written this review is to try and get the devs to add Steam Workshop support. I think that could make this game great again (or greater, depending if you want to build a wall to keep the bug/alien things out of your factory)."
,Recommended,427520,24110771,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,firestorm.v1,"If Minecraft is crack, then Factorio is pure black tar heroin.    I was turned on to Factorio by a friend of mine that ironically enough does a lot of automation for work and holy crap.  Downloaded it last night and thought I'd run through a couple of tutorials....  FIVE HOURS LATER, it's 1AM and way past time to go to bed.   If you like Minecraft or Space Engineers and like engineering games, you MUST pick up this game.  Do not hesitate, do not even stop to think.  Sell blood, sell one of your kidneys, get this game."
76561197970755140,Recommended,427520,25742992,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Micky Blue Eyes,Very in depth game with lots going on. Great game! Buy it ASAP. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,427520,25698703,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ivansbruker,"Finally my coal mining stations are fully automated... wait, oil?"
76561198035559513,Recommended,427520,22491510,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Beagle,"Buy it, find out.11/10 Beagle Reviews"
76561198073898114,Recommended,427520,22260776,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"This game is a hidden gem in the coal mines of steam. Factorio is a game that has action, building, coop, and pvp all in one factory building game. With the new update 0.13.1 comes all sorts of new amazing features like the ability to change colors in a mulitplayer game. Speaking of mulitplayer the   hole thing has been revamped and is easyer than before. Factorio is a game that if you have get back in to or get it today. This game is well worth you $20 bill."
76561198053705825,Recommended,427520,24986516,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Blind Melon,I fear this game and it's power. I wouoldn't be surprised if the dev's were actually villians trying to hypnotize the planet for some evil plan.This game's will consume you.
76561198092404397,Recommended,427520,23090791,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,PsychoGamer01,"Factorio is a GREAT engineering game. The most fun you will have on this game is the first time you play it. The start of Factorio is slow, but when you are first learing it feels great. The problem comes in on a 2nd or 3rd playthrough, because once you know the basics you want to get into more complex things. Besides that I would say this game is flawless with graphics simular to star craft 2. If you were to play this I would 100% recommend getting a friend with you. It is a blast."
,Recommended,427520,23099569,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Javadocs!,"This game is a murderer. It has murdered my free time.You basically start manually doing things, but you can automate any process in the game, so all of your progress builds upon itself. Then eventually problems arise. Mineral patches run out, bottlenecks, not enough throughput of materials, etc. It's basically ""Computer Science - The Video Game!"""
,Recommended,427520,24430802,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RoyalReafer,Warning before purchase make sure your friends own this game otherwise they might not know you anymore.
,Recommended,427520,24623861,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,KnightRyder364 | skinhub.com,Buy this gameNow
,Recommended,427520,24537582,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Evo_F,"Factorio is a 2D top-down/slightly-isometric game about building factories, defending them from the local wildlife, and eventually constructing a rocket to reach space.It is perhaps the most content-rich and stable Early Access game I have ever played, and to top it off, the developers are keeping regular contact with the players and have plenty of ideas that they're working on.You begin the game with very basic machinery - a Burner Mining Drill, a Stone Furnace, and 8 Iron Plates to your name. From there, you must develop your base and research advanced technologies. Set up electrical systems so you can power Electric Mining Drills instead of pollution-heavy Burners. Build machines that can automatically craft things when given the proper ingredients. Build transport belts to move your products around to different places. Upgrade your electrical systems with solar power and batteries. Move items in bulk over long distances with trains. Set up oil refineries so you can create advanced products like plastic, sulfur, batteries, and explosives. Take the fight to the aliens with armor-piercing ammo for your SMG, Pistol, and Shotgun, or go full Fahrenheit 451 and burn it all to the ground with the Flamethrower. Collect enough resources to build a Rocket Silo, then a Rocket, then a Satellite, and finally launch it all into space and win.Then do it all again on different settings. Maybe even with mods. Maybe even with friends.If you get this game, and you should, make yourself available on their Discord channel. Poke around the devs' IRC. Lurk on /r/Factorio. If you don't have friends who own this game, find friends there to play with.Oh, and I highly recommend saying goodbye to your friends and family. You're gonna be here for a while.Welcome home."
,Recommended,427520,24563840,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,COLE,gud
,Recommended,427520,28363140,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cam Fred,"I've had an excellent time playing this fabulous game.  It really is an engineering puzzle game at its core.  The problems you face are, primarily, of your own creation.  How ""good"" you are at the game is really a question of your ability to design for scale and the shortcuts you take along the way become the obstacles you face in the next phase of the game.  That doesn't mean you can't recover from a bad design, incidentally.  It just means you spend some time redesigning sections of the factory you built before.  If there's one complaint I have it's that I wish there was a bit more to do once you've ""beaten"" the game and launched your rocket.   You can, of course, at that point create your own goals.  I've heard some say they made a personal goal of launch a rocket every minute.  Alternatively you can go achievement hunting.  (E.g., restart and see how fast you can complete the game.)   In any event, it's a 5/5 star game.  You will get your money's worth."
76561198310808980,Recommended,427520,28197878,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kitsuna,Its A GREAT GAME can play for hrs and there is a lot of stuff you can do on it.
,Recommended,427520,26774683,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Parcimonioso,Automate all the things!
76561198062972660,Recommended,427520,26034386,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Abaddon,"One of the best games I've ever played. Still haven't gotten around to building that rocket, though."
76561198018715636,Recommended,427520,26693629,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Carcigenicate,"Starts out like minecraft, then explodes in complexity. Amazing game."
,Recommended,427520,26984747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlackLabelBird,"Very well done logistics/crafting game that lets you play at your own pace & is still growing.  Devs update weekly, & provide info on future content as well.  Definitley recommended for those who like to solve problems, usually of their own creation."
,Recommended,427520,28925092,Posted: 1 January,all,Zbig,Let your autism run wild.
76561198106999304,Recommended,427520,23518257,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,R-XC,Its epic!
76561198081813027,Recommended,427520,23347409,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,paimon,"""Genre: Casual""Worst lie there is."
,Recommended,427520,23362514,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,H3NK,Me <3 Factorio
76561197970348253,Recommended,427520,23374788,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MP,Bought this 3 days ago.Played 36+ Hours.Help me.
,Recommended,427520,23130258,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ven,10/10 would industrialize foreign planet again.
,Recommended,427520,25001774,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Legio,"Hands down one of favorite games of all time, I find it gives me an Anno mixed with sim city with hints of command and conquer vibe. But it took the best elements from every single game. Definately a must for fans of any of those series."
,Recommended,427520,21494740,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,7KiLLER,Factorio is my crack.
76561197972333869,Recommended,427520,22112237,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,James,Pretty sure my girlfriend will leave me soon.10/10
,Recommended,427520,22069483,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Quick_Ex-Con,"-gets 20 dollar steam card-looks for games maybe to buy-looks for the rest of the day-see this game-moves on and ignores it-day later buys it-can't stop playing since.Seriously though, I am one of those people who don't like these types of games but this one, is a beutiful masterpiece.So try it seriously this game is the first game in years that I have liked so much! Now go on, click that buy button, you wont regret it ;)"
,Recommended,427520,21996831,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,twane,Incredibly fun game; my only regret is that I wish I could stop.
,Recommended,427520,22283104,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,pcisafox,"1. I buy the game one night because of a friend, thought it looked ok2. Mom goes to bed about and 5 hours later she sees me still playing it3. Tells me to go to bed and leaves, but I don't4. I play all night and pass out the next morning10/10 would pass out again"
76561198145523944,Recommended,427520,22031316,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mr Stinky,"DO NOT JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVERSadly owever thats exacly what i did to this magnificent game. the art style may at first be off putting and the branding isnt the best but honestly this game is incredible. obviously it isnt perfect. the UI isnt particularly esteticaly pleasing and a bit more guidance at certain places would be nice but overall this game is terrific.In this game you create factories. at first you will be manualy harvesting materials etc but over time literaly EVERYTHING can be automated in tons of creative ways. Its basicly a puzzle game that you almost create the puzzles for. Truly recomend for anyone who likes puzzle games, role play games and creative games."
,Recommended,427520,23956052,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Twitch,it's an engineer's wet dream
,Recommended,427520,23498228,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Uncle Dick,"A game in which you play as the engineer from TF2, a useless lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who gets his machines to do literally everything for him. Don't wanna craft stuff? Don't wanna move stuff? Don't wanna shoot stuff? That's fine, let the damn game play itself for you while you browse facebook. You can automate everything to the point where you don't even need to play the game.10/10, 100/100, best game."
,Recommended,427520,24607125,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SzTimo,"I have to copy and past the review of root, because the same happend to me!!!!!!Day 1: Hmm... Factorio? What idiot would buy this crap? I'll give it a shot.Day 2: I've been playing for hours now. How on earth can this game be so fun? 12:00AM Already? Dang... maybe I should stop.Day 3: I have bitten my fingers to the quicks. It keeps calling out to me I don't think I can help myself much longer. I should play. I HAVE TO PLAY.Day 4: WHY ARE THE F****ING ALIENS SO ANNOYING? MY FACTORY IS IN SHREDS. I will have my revenge.Day 5: My girlfriend came to me today. She says I should stop playing. She doesn't understand, no one understands.Day 6: My girlfriend told me to make a choice, her or Factorio. Why would she do such a thing? Can't I love both? She gave me a day to decide. I only needed seconds.Day 7: She looks longingly into my eyes, waiting for my final answer. I tell her I'm sorry. I simply cannot live without finishing my work. It has consumed me. I hurl myself into Factorio's strong arms, our bodies join in a Holy embrace between man and machine, it caresses my hair with it's machine-like hands, it tells me that I'm special. Oh Factorio, I will never leave you.Day 8: The Aliens have come back again... I fixed that problem.It's started to rain. I look up into the sky, thousands of corpses lay at my feet, I've done it, my factory is now autonomous, it no longer needs me. I wipe the remainder of purple blood from my gun as I walk towards my factory, the making of my own hands. I have done it.The End:The moon shines through my window, glistening on the metallic skin of the creature I have come to love so much.""Did you like it?"" it asks.""I loved it, but now what?"" I respond.Factorio stands and extends its hand towards me, how many times have I felt those hands guide my own?""It has only just begun, my child. Come with me, I have more to show you.""I reach out my hand, but it is no longer my own. I look into a mirror before taking that final step over the edge, I expected to see myself, but I did not. Instead, looking back at me through lifeless eyes, I saw a metallic creature. The Human Factory, everything I have ever created has led up to this, I have become a factory."
,Recommended,427520,21966142,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[MtAF] Ykor,One of the most addicting games in the world.10/10Once I complete more of the game I will update this.
76561197972008385,Recommended,427520,22016549,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,๖Resyled,SEND HELP
,Recommended,427520,21930280,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kairos,You close your eyes and see conveyer belts...You open your eyes and see conveyer belts...I'am in love with conveyer belts.Don't be a conveyerphobe and donate $5 to help my addiction today.
,Recommended,427520,21938653,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,LandWhale,"I had to stop.  This game is taking my soul.  It's like crack for anyone who enjoys these types of games.  You start with just 1 little inserter and deill, and before you know it, you've spent 10 hours designing this incredibly complex system with hundreds of inserters, thousands of transport belts, that does everything you've ever wanted automatically.  But you've skipped 2 meals, haven't done your schoolwork, and for some reason the sun is rising even though it was only midnight last time you checked.  Then suddenly, wait why is it sunday, I started playing on friday night.10/10Would become addicted again"
,Recommended,427520,21924577,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gygge,"Do not get fooled by the Early Access tag (for once), this is a really good game.*Important* You can download a demo from their homepage, just search for factorio demo in a browser and go to the homepage and get factorin'!The key word is automation.If you are into building with some survival elements this is a given.The Freeplay is a custom game where you set alot of parameters including if you want enemies or not, how scarce resources should be etc.Instead of Freeplay you can play in godmode. Modding community is also good, with some fun ones containing extra resource handling, more building options and tower defense maps.The campaign is ok, but can be time consuming if you do not automate your building!Try the demo or just buy and play!"
76561198215722144,Recommended,427520,21952055,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,clorxwetWolf,"This game operates in the 4th dimension, as it warps time. I start at noon, play for 10 minutes, look up, and it is 2:00.10/10 Who needs sleep anyway"
76561197960418605,Recommended,427520,22800176,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Thunderbox,"I haven't got time for this, I've got to refactor my blue science packs..."
,Recommended,427520,22710933,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,[-BB-]MophMoph,This game is an automation expert's wet dream. The only thing you'll lose if you buy it is countless hours. I'm just getting started and I already fear for my marriage. ;)
76561198017131820,Recommended,427520,22715278,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Gorzak,"Uproot the natural order of an alien world, strip mine for resources, and automate the killing of the feeble bugs that called this place home.My brother looked in, and quoted the Ent from Two Towers saying ""A wizard should know better.""All in all, a great game for people who enjoy optimzation and maximizing efficiency"
76561198256268724,Recommended,427520,23508950,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Stelios csgobounty.com,"Can possibly explain how much I love this game and how addictive it is.  At the moment I've spent over 140 hrs in my first world, just my first world.  It's just too fun."
76561197997853625,Recommended,427520,29399666,Posted: 21 January,all,T-tus,"Very fun think and build game.1: See main objective.2: Ignore main objective and make it ""Soon to be done"" =P3: Panic that you are low on resorses4: Scraping pockets and chest for the last resorses to get main objective done."
76561197960414258,Recommended,427520,26210158,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,hiddenpackage,"I've been reading a review where someone stated, he's optimizing factorys when he's dreaming, apparently after a few hundred hours gametime.For me, it didn't take longer than 3 hours to get to that point!This will blow your mind.If you're stuck, go see the community guides written by KatherineOfSky. This will give you some useful hints.Great game and more that worth the 20 bucks!"
,Recommended,427520,26405161,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Cikley,"I love this game. Even tho I've put 150 hours into it, I still haven't launched a rocket. I keep spotting flaws in my factory set up, and usually decide to start anew instead of improving/fixing the one I was on. This is like the only game where I find it more fun to reset all my progress and start fresh... I started playing when 0.12 came out, and I am really impressed with how quickly and how much they keep updating the game. I really hope I can launch a rocket before 0.15 comes out tho, big changes are coming with that one. I'm very excited! Keep up the work devs!!!"
,Recommended,427520,26266822,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Adebisi,"Look at my hours played. LOOK AT IT! It's like they took SimCity, Minecraft, and a pinch of Starcraft and made it into a game.Don't be fooled by the ""Early Access Game"" tag. This game is ready to be played."
76561197972140108,Recommended,427520,26168938,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Plankton,So good
76561197963245450,Recommended,427520,27860628,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lugus,"One of the best industry/autmation games i ever played. When i started i compared it ""immediatly"" with ""Industry Giant 2"" and fell in love with it. Also its not shown (dunno why) i have more than 200h of Gameplay in this really nice game and i still learn new stuff and its nice to try new stuff out. The Team around it seems to care and the workshop brings alot of nice stuff too.Recommendation 11/10"
,Recommended,427520,27874878,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,200 Lattes,"Straightforward enough not to be intimidating to a newcomer.Deep enough that you'll keep playing just so you can figure out how to make your factory run as optimally as possible.With many different ways to prioritise your choices, and the gradual acceleration at which you progress, this game keeps you on a hook, always thinking, and always wanting to automate ONE MORE THING before you shut off for the night.And it all feels so worth it when you zoom out and admire the beauty of the system you've just made.Graphics are great, too. Play with a friend!There, I've written a recommendation. Can I have my badge now?"
,Recommended,427520,27883105,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Dank,"This is a game for a particular type of person, the kind of person who enjoys building things that do their job for them, the kind of person who enjoys their effort being rewarded with exponential growth, the kind of person for whom obsessing over puzzles and optomizations sounds like a fun time.If you think you that kind of person sounds like you, there is no better game for you than Factorio, but be warned, this game steals hours of your life easier than civilization does. It's extremely easy to get trapped in the loop of ""I'll sleep when I have the green circuit production up and running"" -> ""Wait I need more copper for this"" -> ""Crap, power consumption is through the roof, I need to get more steam engines up and running"" -> ""Okay now that that's done and the green circuits are flowing I need to automate construction of the green science packs"" -> ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 3 am how the ♥♥♥♥ did that happen"""
76561198130683080,Recommended,427520,25886425,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dracon,My third most played game on Steam. Just exceptional.
,Recommended,427520,30021468,Posted: 18 February,all,NoLimitSoldier,"This game has a small team working on it, and somehow still manages to be fantastic. I got this game recently and have been addicted to it ever since. Would definitely reccomend."
76561198079621331,Recommended,427520,29753514,Posted: 6 February,all,maoriforlife,Totally addictive. Truely awesome game. Can play for hours on end.Oh and don't stand on the train tracks while trying to get the signal lights to work L O L !
,Recommended,427520,28861597,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MrFlipside,"Factorio is a rather fascinating blend of city-builder and tower-defence game, with just a smidgeon of third-person shooter thrown in. The game itself centres around gathering, sorting and processing resources and using them to build a base in order to..well... gather, sort and process even more materials. By creating research packs, you can use them to generate new technologies and eventually get to a tech level to escape the planet you are on.What draws you in about this game is the ability to create systems, to watch a piece of iron ore from your mine get dropped onto a conveyer, taken to base, dropped into a furnace, smelted into iron, passed to factory that is making iron gears etc... It's strangely hypnotic to see the products of your labour bearing fruit.The aliens can be quite a challenge, the more factories you build, the more pollution you generate, and the more aggressive the aliens get, this means that you have to split your attention between your industrial complex and maintaining the turrets/ammo required to defend it.This is one of those games that will keep reeling you back in, because you can always do it 'better', there's always something to improve, whether it be making a production line more efficient, or using an overloaded line to provide materials for another product, and high level of flexibility provided by the game and the Workshop means there's always something new to experiment with.Graphically, it's top-down 2D sprites, but in some ways that is a good thing, this game handles a 'lot' of things at once in the later stages, a heavier demand graphically would probably have an impact on performance, and the graphics DO work well for the job they are doing. Audio is good, the music is very atmospheric, and the ambience works well to add to the bleak overtones of the game.All in all, a very enjoyable, addictive and atmospheric game."
,Recommended,427520,29870003,Posted: 12 February,all,Jaycen,Wake up in an unknown landSuck every resource you can out of the groundDiscover an indigenous speciesKill them without mercyAustralia simulator 10/10
76561198117591266,Recommended,427520,24288099,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Grease_Lord1551,Ecoterrorist Simulator
76561198024469649,Recommended,427520,25006679,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DumbCustomer,This game is all that No Mans Sky should have been.Ok maybe not but you get the feeling.Enough layers of depth to get lost into for a long time.I never was into management games ... though Factorio is not quite that. There is a strange satisfaction in putting in place a setup to automatise your base/needs/production.There is quite a learning curve but always acessible somehow with the tutorial easing you into the game.Best game of 2016 so far.
76561198025874032,Recommended,427520,27056616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LazyOne,5 more minutes.
76561198105214959,Recommended,427520,27189312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bjartskular,Factorio is great game with varing degrees of difficulty. It can be easily picked up by a beginer but remains complex hours of play later. I highly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys a good logistics planning game.
,Recommended,427520,29559326,Posted: 29 January,all,Souflyte,This game is the perfect game to play 5 minutes before you go to bed...aaannnd enjoy still being up 8 hours later because you have been tweaking your train system.
,Recommended,427520,28913566,Posted: 1 January,all,Sav.,"This is a great game to play if you want to be semi-passive and like RTS-like survival games. Depending on your settings, resources can be scarce and you'll have to transport ore and the like with trains. Personally I don't feel like anything is bad with the game, and if you feel like something's missing you can just check out the mods either in game or search on the internet for them. I've played a fair amount of hours, over 70-90 before it came to Steam. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who likes survival games."
76561198043000906,Recommended,427520,28839380,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Affly,10/10 automation game
,Recommended,427520,21920224,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Full Metal Deus,"Well, this game replaced my heroin addiction so thats something."
76561197962404977,Recommended,427520,21974887,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Van Ruyn,"6 days later, I realized I lost my job that was at a real factory.10/10, worth every last paycheck!"
76561198042215742,Recommended,427520,23255012,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Amiss,"OCD addicts, beware!!  This game is pointless.  That being said, I can't stop playing it.  Build your factories better, faster, more organized!!  There no limits this game has!!  Be as simple or comples as you want.  Sure there are little biter aliens nipping at your heels, but who cares?A great way to waste vast amounts of time.  Relaxing.  And a bit satisfying should you choose to hunt down those annoying aliens.Spoiler alert:The ending is flat out dissapointing.  LAUCH! Game Over."
,Recommended,427520,23317750,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Amanda,"So I am about 14 hours in, and I absolutely love this game. It makes you use your logic and reasoning skills, with a very engaging delivery. Play the free demo, and if you like that you will LOVE the full version. Last time I was this obsessed with a game, it was Terraria. I believe this is an essential game."
76561197970590590,Recommended,427520,27681193,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Der Gilb,Awesome game that gets more complex the more you play. If you enjoy things like OTTD or Big Pharma then Factorio is the next step on the ladder. I usually buy games at 10€ but those 20€ are definitely worth it. Go grab it!!
,Recommended,427520,27566686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Llanirev,Incredible game. Especially considering it is not fully developed yet.Nominating it for the “Just 5 More Minutes” Award!
76561197994011767,Recommended,427520,27716058,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr Sjarok,This game has entertaind me for hours at an endalmost endless options and huge replayabilletyhigly erkomend if you like rts and bais bulder games
76561198032832099,Recommended,427520,27231947,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FlamingNinja173,"This game will destroy you. If you look at the videos and screenshots, and think to yourself, ""That doesn't even look fun"", consider yourself lucky. Move on. Have a life. Enjoy it.For those of you who think it looks fun, prepare to spend hours upon hours placing conveyor belts, optimizinf production lines, hunting achievments, and surviving another attack from ""Those god-damned aliens"".10/10 wish they had all the hours back, but don't know how to ask for help."
,Recommended,427520,27279862,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trollfase,"""Get hit by train simulator 2016""11/10 Trains would crash again!"
76561197991933798,Recommended,427520,25975506,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DanK9,It's an ADD+OCD person's best nightmare
76561198032209462,Recommended,427520,26163378,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,YourEvilMom,***THIS IS AN AUTOMATED MESSAGE***Factorio is truly a masterpiece!Even if it was like 40 euro's it still would have been worth it. If you like automating stuff and strategy games this is a must have!***END OF MESSAGE***
76561197993174423,Recommended,427520,26168774,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rikko,"Amazing building game.If you just watched the trailer video and were put off by how complicated this game looks, stop right there.Factorio is incredibly deep and complex, and a new player loading my factory I've worked on for 50 hours will indeed be lost - but the game doesn't start that way. You start with a dude standing in a field, and a few supplies to build 2 basic items. From that, you'll gradually add new machines and technologies to your toolkit.If you've tried this game and couldn't get into it, watch a short YouTube tutorial of someone going through the first 10 minutes of the game. There's a certain way you interact with *everything*, and once you understand that, the game opens up.The developers are great about supporting the game, too, with constant, significant updates. I encourage you to play the experimental betas instead of the mainline one - the ""beta"" releases are surprisingly stable.Great mod community, too - you'll find lots of ""essential"" mods to tweak your gameplay experience.I can't say enough good things about Factorio. I think the worst thing about it is the price - gamers see a game that's a too-cheap indie title, when the depth and sophistication of Factorio is so much better than that.Oh, and the graphics suck, but they have a certain kind of charm that just works."
76561198006854971,Recommended,427520,27005524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"Person Clean, Person Decent","This is a game that will make the ""just 5 more minutes"" award more of a ""just 5 more hours"" award."
,Recommended,427520,26834068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShinZ,One.. more.. minute.Then next morning has come.
,Recommended,427520,26945237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cyankill,"Awesome and super additicing game , it just sucks you in and you want to keep buildingYou are never happy or done building :D"
,Recommended,427520,27487630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LosButch,"I love fiddling with this, making spagetti solutions and optimizing my factory.Relaxing and hallenging.Also, the devs are awesome and very skilled. +1 for linix support :-)"
,Recommended,427520,26665231,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Planetary The Titan YT LFT,this is 1 of a kind game an RPG building game !!!
76561198052771334,Recommended,427520,27730769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Officer Grimes,Get this game. Now.
,Recommended,427520,27775681,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Solly,rocket lunched at 63hri need to play more
76561197982417203,Recommended,427520,26758197,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SuperXdude,I have wasted time on this game that could be spent mowing the lawn or washing the car.Sigh...its addictive as hell and I love it.
,Recommended,427520,26376198,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,eVil,"This game is full of conveyor belts.I like conveyor belts.If, like me, you like conveyor belts, then you will like this game.It also has robot arms.And pipes.I like robot arms, and pipes.I like robot arms that pick up pipes. Especially robot arms that pick up pipes to put them into boxes.And automated construction machines... it has those.The pipes come out of automated construction machines go along belts, and get picked up by robot arms and put in boxes.I like boxes.I like boxes full of pipes that can be picked up by flying construction droids.So basically if you like flying construction droids, boxes, automated construction machines, robot arms, pipes and/or conveyor belts this game is for you.And I didn't even mention the aliens."
,Recommended,427520,26441976,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,WildHobbits,"Bought, played, played some more, played some more, noticed it was 5:00 in the morning and that I should probably go to bed, continued playing anyways."
76561198041499836,Recommended,427520,23798248,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Stu,Cracktorio
,Recommended,427520,25389527,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,LessLuck,"It's fine, I guess."
76561198278969915,Recommended,427520,22639803,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,stinker90011,amazing. it is nice to just run it for a little and do more
76561197964117495,Recommended,427520,22640436,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,theoriginalsomewhiteguy,Worth it.
76561198088152782,Recommended,427520,22640550,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,3mikey1,"I haven't yet spent too long in this game, but I know for certain I will spend much more time here. The game's tiered crafting system is very reminicent of Chris Sawyer's Locomotion, a long time personal favorite, while also feeling very unique and fresh as a concept. Wonderfully frustrating and challenging when you are trying to fit as much as you can into a small space, this is a great mental workout that seems to beg for even more time spent with it."
,Recommended,427520,22641380,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The Yamaka Snatcher,"For 20 bucks, this game is amazing. I love it, and can't stop thinking about what I'm going to do next.So llllllleetttsss get rrrriiight into the noose:Pros:- Great gameplay- Endless possibilities, no run through will ever be the same- Has kept me entertained for nine hours, which is more than a lot of my games can say.- Is about to steal my summerCons:- Not much instruction- Guns are a little buggy- Is about to steal my summerSo if you want some lonely 13 year old ♥♥♥♥♥♥'s opinion on this game, I think that you should definitely buy this game and PLAY THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF IT.I r8 it 9/9 m8"
,Recommended,427520,22644374,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Morgan Freeman,"Seriously, listen to everyone else. It's a great game and I'm having so much fun already. But jesus christ this is an actual time machine."
,Recommended,427520,22645465,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Long John Silver,Such a great game 11/10The mechanics and the logistics are on point!
76561198138464328,Recommended,427520,22648487,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,duckdodgers,"This game rules.  I played 40 hours in the first week.  Reminds me of Sim City 2000 back in the 90's but more complicated and even more fun.  Lot's of content even though it is an early access game, but not much goals.  After you pass the scenarios and build a rocket your really on your own to just do anything.  Sure to change with updates though."
76561198125785785,Recommended,427520,22652170,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JimTheWazard,"Only just started playing and I can see myself playing a HELL of a lot more, this game is GREAT! you make progress very fast in this game yet it doesn't feel like you rushed anything, the fact that this game is multiplayer just makes me want to implode with happiness then stop imploding because I'd probably die.10/10 awesome game."
76561198288712652,Recommended,427520,23249177,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,liviu.parra,"If you start building stuff in a modular way, the game becomes boring quite fast.At first I've just built things to see how they integrate in the game and then start again and build them in a modular way and that's it.It teaches you something, but I don't think I will reach 50 hours on this game."
,Recommended,427520,24437057,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,XpertRogue,"This game is an amzzing game and is definitely worth your money.Very realistic and very accurate!Makes you feel so smart, I highly recommended it for creative people!!!"
,Recommended,427520,24374275,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Monkylazer,"I have been playing this game obsessively.It is now part of my RTS cycle: StarCraft II - Factorio - Civilization - Total War.However, this game triggers a much stronger obsessiveness then the others as it is a continous simulator rather then stepwise.So: a word of warning: if you like this type of games, your social life might suffer."
76561197967710696,Recommended,427520,23614788,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,MisterCrow,"Factorio is like a better optimised, less of a system hog, better explained, less buggy, bigger, 2D / top-down version of Minecraft's Tekkit / FTB modpacks.If you haven't played Tekkit / FTB, then imagine Transport Tycoon had some sort of electronic one night stand with Crimsonland. Factorio would be the result, 9 months later."
76561198241933580,Recommended,427520,23616705,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Allenson,"What a Great Game! The thing about this game is that it teaches you about system management that can apply to real life. If you Choose that perspective, And thats Why its so addictive. I really think that The Dev's Created a education tool in a game and was Expertly Exicuted. Yes this is a eduication Tool, There I said it! Get Adicted Now!, Learn from it an how to apply it to your Life. Systems Management=Life. And belts. many many belts. The Mods are an  awsome complement; transition from the base Game, Fantastic Community!"
76561198099310388,Recommended,427520,25385569,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Zoltan,You build a factory in Italian.
76561198021092567,Recommended,427520,24681169,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zachariuswhogivesashit,"Why am I dreaming about conveyor belts? Why do I disdain eating cereal because I can't automate the process? Why does my wife accuse me of loving a video game more than my 11 month old son? Why is my posture starting to remind me of a large biter? Why am I worried that my Dodge Stratus can't withstand ramming into a large worm coming out of the ground? Why does my butt smell like poop? Why have I suddenly become pro-global warming? Why do I want to keep building and expanding walls all over my property? What the f*** is a constant combinator? Why did I research concrete so early? Why did I build 10,000 flame thrower ammo canisters before confirming how flame turrets worked? Why do my friends look at me funny when I tell them I have to finish my spaceship? Why do I get an erection now when I smell sulfur? Why does the dude at the checkout counter have to scream at me to break my stare at the CONVEYER BELT? Why is there so much coal?You wanna know why?Factorio. Click buy."
76561198048485977,Recommended,427520,24846670,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,pc pls,It's like heroin but good for you
,Recommended,427520,24903573,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,masonery123,"This is the most fun game on the face of the earth.  It's so much fun.  Lots of games look pretty or make you tear your hair out in frustration, but factorio (while still accomplishing both of these things very very well) just comes across as ""fun.""There is no way I would tell someone ""you may not enjoy this game"" whether they are the most enthusiastic spacechem record setter or the ios clash of clans candy crush game novice.  It takes the most satisfying formulas in games and mushes them into one (survival, sandbox, organization, replayability, and well-balanced progression) and the mods just make the whole experience even better after a few vanilla factories.  It's satisfying, it's fulfilling, it's exciting, it's frustrating, it's mind-melting, but it's mostly fun."
76561198156994181,Recommended,427520,24541587,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Rambo7112,"This game is incredibly fun, and gets twice as addicting with a friend who knows what they're doing. It is simple to learn and difficult to master. Its kind of like modded minecraft but without the survival and that auto crafts all the parts to make bigger parts. This game is amazing and I would highly suggest it."
76561198081511281,Recommended,427520,24271326,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,chicken sniffer,Like legobut harder
76561198097528994,Recommended,427520,23721396,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Irish,This game is so good I've actually considered trying to make friends just so I can try the multi-player
,Recommended,427520,21900100,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,oltskul,Hours and hours of game-play!Excelent strategy!Limitless possibilities!Perfectly clear and balanced crafting!
,Recommended,427520,21726801,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Linther,Where has this game been all my life?
,Recommended,427520,21746276,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,MIDGET,This game is the equivalent of Cocaine.
,Recommended,427520,21748138,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Farrapo,I wish I could build conveyor belts and assemblers to wash my dishes and laundry now
,Recommended,427520,21654221,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[RedCoats] Koschilein ~Ks~,"Ha, and you thought cocain was one hell of a drug!"
,Recommended,427520,22621625,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Burr,I get 100 hours in about one week. Now i'm failing the college.10/10
76561197960847307,Recommended,427520,22643361,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Kormorant,A beautiful time sink!!!Highly addicitive fun as you find out that ideal layout before getting swarmed by the alien bugs you forgot about (and the guns you forgot to reload).
76561198042268770,Recommended,427520,23285447,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DarkLordIncorporated,I honestly think that those who say this game has a small amount of bugs have not really played this game much. I have seen TONS of bugs. For instance:The BitersThe SpittersThe Worms.;)
,Recommended,427520,25567955,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,The_Vulcan,"This game is awsome.Cant really compare it to anything else.Its building, resource management, puzzle game all in one."
76561197996834711,Recommended,427520,23595863,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TiberiusElAsadIbnAdam,1. Added Factorio as my expretise on LinkedIn page2. Got invitation for interview for a Resource Management job
,Recommended,427520,24494075,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sinnlos,"This game is porn for engineers. Super fun, just wish there were more scenarios (I can't stand playing sandbox anything, I like goals and constraints)."
,Recommended,427520,21514058,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Yuma Kuga,"Amazing and addictive.Brb, playing the game."
,Recommended,427520,23572840,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Levi,"This game is awesome. I had 20 hours after 2 days. I currently have just over 70 hours of playtime online but many more offline from flights and hotel nights. This game isn't one of those games that's fun for a few days and then you run out of content. In at least 100 total hours of playtime on various worlds and multiplayer servers, I have yet to complete the game. The enemies slowly (or quickly, if you pollute) evolve from simple buggers that you can take out with a submachine gun to behemoth monsters that walk through some of the toughest defenses. I love how coordinated the monsters are, forming up into groups before attacking, spreading out to be more overwhelming, and somehow identifying key parts of my base (electricity, gun magazine factory, etc.) and taking them out before picking off the research labs and chemical plants with impunity. The enemies also coordinate between nests to shock my base with 3-pronged or 4-pronged attacks. I am thankful that the enemies do not just randomly spawn, like in many games, but rather they have spawner nest areas that I can destroy, lowering risk for weak parts of the base. Though the enemies do fall for simple schemes (I drive up to them in a car, get them all to chase me, then drive past a row of defensive turrets), the enemies are some of the best and smartest I have ever seen. The huge numbers of choices that dictate how the game will play make it feel more open-world than even games like Garry's Mod or Minecraft. You could go for a coal-based power grid that causes frequent attacks (pollution makes them angry) or you could use a solar-based one that costs a lot to create (batteries for nighttime). You could spend days at a time just driving off into the distance in your tank, running over the occasional enemy spawner, or you could find a peninsula and cut yourself off from the rest of the world (at least until you run out of resources). The map creation tool lets me make interesting maps for multiplayer worlds that the generator won't make, like putting tons of enemy spawners on top of a huge iron reserve, or make things like islands with limited resources that the player has to make do with. 20/10 because this game is incredible."
,Recommended,427520,25569054,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Adunite,Can't. Stop. Building....Help...
76561197986338362,Recommended,427520,25514220,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,☢ GhoStBuSteR ☢,Best 20 euros of my life
,Recommended,427520,23663798,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,gotoel,Everything I've ever wanted.
,Recommended,427520,23513040,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,smokim87,Can't afford heroin? Play Factorio.10/10
76561198204342692,Recommended,427520,21549288,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Jacques Facial,"This is minecraft for people over 14 and with a working brain3/10 Ign - ""Lacks of DLCs""4/10 Bethesda ""Works without 10 month worth of patches""1/10 Blizzard ""No pylon overcharge and actually listen to its community, shame"""
,Recommended,427520,21758611,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mean Meme Cream Machine,"This game quickly goes from ""Ok, cool"" to ""I have not slept for 15 hours and I loved each and every one of them"".Some backstory: Factorio is a survival game with all of the bad parts cut out. You have no hunger bar, manual grinding is not encouraged, and automation actually makes things run faster. It's made to look (and, to an extent, play) like a mid-90s RTS, and even though I've never played one other than RCT2, I still think this aesthetic works in its favor. What does the game play like? Well, you know in Minecraft how once you get bored of digging 1:2 shafts in the ground you set up a crazy machine to do it for you? This is an ENTIRE GAME about that feeling. It's the type of game where you can make your own computer from chests and wires. It is the BEST feeling.My only issue is the online. Creative/survival games often have online be a big focus: It's fun to collaborate to ease some of your own workload and help others with what they want to do. I don't think the devs had this in mind. Connections are Peer To Peer, meaning that servers are designed for LAN connections or only a handful of nearby connections. This means you have to manually enter in someone else's IP. This is REALLY a pain. Every time someone joins, everyone on the server has to wait for them to download the map. And downloading is SLOOOOOW. For some reason, it downloads about 1/5-1/8 slower than my usual download speed (server load? i don't know). And when someone on the server lags. EVERYONE lags. Sometimes I can hardly play because of the lag. I know this game has a mid-90s aesthetic, but I didn't want it come with mid-90s modem-speed. This is excusable, at least: Multiplayer only came out a few updates back, and after all the game is still in early access. But the sooner multiplayer is better optimized, the better.Well, if you like your games single-player, just disregard that. And who cares about netcode when you have a fudging MASTERPIECE on your hands?Buy it now."
,Recommended,427520,21800266,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Shamoo,"Huh, Nerd3 liked it, mabye I will. 10 hours later, I relized I missed all three meals and I'm still playing."
76561197995423706,Recommended,427520,21802565,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,GrungeMan,"It says $20.00 USD and not something stupid like $19.99 USD.9.99/10, because I want that cent back ;)"
,Recommended,427520,21611399,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"If I had a hammer, I'd hammer in the morning, I'd hammer in the evening...all over this map."
,Recommended,427520,21643889,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,m1sterlurk,"Absolutely phenomenal.This game is ""quit caring about your friends, family, pets, personal hygiene, lawn and job"" good.  Absolutely worth the $20 I paid for it.The learning curve is steep but not unreasonable, and you will quickly figure out your own ways to design things...either as tight as you see in the trailer or as open as resources will allow.  You'll constantly be optimizing and re-optimizing and optimizing again and again while you slowly grow your factory, and this process is simple and incredibly fun.  Even in Early Access this does feel very much like a complete game, with the only thing feeling ""incomplete"" being the interface looking a little bit ""primitive"".  In terms of functionality and gameplay, nothing ever feels ""absent"".Why choose life, when you've got Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,27200689,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dґ_Dog┘™,"You think Civilization games were addictive with the ""One..More...Turn""? Factorio turns it up to 11, Expect to spend at best, several hundreds of hours in single savegame building walls, turrets, and of course polluting the crap out of the alien world you set your foot into. Trying to progress forwards in tech while constantly fending off the natives of the world, Which evolve with you, they get bigger and badder as the game goes on.Pros:-Co-op multiplayer possibility.-No limit in map, its infinite-Tutorial and lots of information on a wiki, forums and reddit. Very friendly community aswell.-Mods are available, easy to download and install directly from the game.-Performance wise, the game runs pretty much on anything, is optimized very vell*.*To a point where your base has overgrown way too large, term Megabase..Cons:-Takes up lots of your time, at best you'll have ten hour sessions daily for days in row playing this game, just trying to perfect your factory, or maybe building some fancy assembly line."
,Recommended,427520,27108324,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sijullkahn,"Logistics, production, manufacturing, management, research, tactical, tower defence, creative, editor, campain, scenario, survival, casual to hardcore, co-op, pvp, multiplayer, workshop support, mods galore, achievements, grinding, building, trains, tanks, gear and way more.This game has been referred to be by many many people as ""crack"" and i would have to agree, this game is highly addictive and you will find yourself entrenched for the long haul without even noticing it!!! Let's just say you WILL get your $$$$'s worth. $20.00 is just right for this game and will be paid back in full with total validation you have purchased a great game.They actively update assets with great alacrity and their roadmap has fun things on the horizon. This game has endless replayability and customization and fully challenge you. Complexity increases as you progress and can get overwhelming at times and the starts can be slow and games short untill you know how to play properly, play some of the campaign then jump into a new game and see how you fair."
,Recommended,427520,27138673,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Action Hank,SOS. Help. SOS. Help.
,Recommended,427520,27863916,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cuddles McFurballista,My only complaint is I cannot automate writing this review.
,Recommended,427520,22495090,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Xeno,"If you liked Industrial Craft (Feed the Beast) in Minecraft, this is perfect."
76561198065284779,Recommended,427520,22564687,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Pain Seer,"I mean come on, this is an Early Access game, and theres updates? Where are the terrible connections and the overpriced micro-transactions? The bad textures and un-usable game engine?I feel that this game has displayed a disgust in the current market of games that have yet to come out, and shows a lack of skill and thought on the developers half on what an Early Access game is suppose to look and function like.0/10 would not Alpha again."
76561198096213889,Recommended,427520,22832268,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Airchi,"See my total time up there? That's one session. When I'm done writing this, I'm probably going to pass out while listening to the sweet melody of the Inserters doing their Inserting and the Conveyers doing their Conveying.This game is seriously addictive with an insane amount of stuff you can do to keep yourself occupied with. I haven't even touched the Campaign yet!A great part of the game is that there is no singular way to tackle problems. If you run low on Copper, you can get some more to your base from a far-off location either by building a neat little train system, or build an insanely long Conveyer to get the raw materials to your Factory. You can even have a small army of robot helicopters fly it to you!The factory itself...well...unless you spend hours/days planning it out, it's gonna get confusing. It's part of the beauty, though. When you look at what you've made and you think to yourself ""The f♥ck is going on?!"".Even with it looking so derped up, it still produces exactly what you need.The combat is pretty cool. Personally, I just love fencing off a big♥♥♥♥♥area with a wall of Turrets while 2 factories produce ammo for them. When you get thetank, combat will be pretty easy unless you attack a large colony of enemies.All-in-all, this game is amazing.If you like resource management games, this one is, in my opinion, at the top of the leaderboards. Buy it. You will lose several days of your life, but it will be worth it!"
,Recommended,427520,23234824,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sippysip45,Factorio is a very fun game five/five
,Recommended,427520,23257209,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Deadmonkeys,"In this game, you gotta get the coal first. Then when you get the coal, you get the ore. Then when you get the ore, then you get the power."
76561197980028304,Recommended,427520,23259950,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,intrasonic,"Try the demo - it's an excellent sample of the whole product.This game falls right in the sweet spot between simple and complex. It's easy to learn, but your imagination really is the limit when it comes to making massive factories. Suffers from the ""just one more tile"" syndrome, where you suddenly realize you forgot to go to sleep, and you need to be at work in a few hours."
76561198216221027,Recommended,427520,25680118,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,jsgerhard03,Needs train to transport batteries/plastic from my oil farmForest with thriving wildlife in the wayAutomates FlameThrowerGoes farther to finish trackAlien colony the size of JupiterStorms in like an idiotDiesClicks on wrong save file and is set back 30 Minutes in the gameRepeat
,Recommended,427520,22713826,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Tero,THANK YOU MARKIMOO NOW I'M ADDICTED TO THIS GAME DAMN IT !
76561198011797847,Recommended,427520,22491545,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Master_Ninja,my gosh this game is amazing I have loved it so far and ive played a long time now and only gotten to the robot stage today so this game is also long. I love the balance between action and fighting and peaceful/frustrating factory building. Complicated but amazing!
,Recommended,427520,21593010,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ghastly Hand,Basically capitolism.
,Recommended,427520,24830623,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,PlasmusKid,If you are into complex games with endless possibilities then this one's for you.
,Recommended,427520,24814030,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,thrawn889,"My review of Factorio. ""erm, I'll only be on here an hour i gotta go out..."" 1AM Damn that flew.I have started and built about 8 bases in 100 hours and rarely get to the processor units for the advanced tech. This game is addictive and deceptively difficult.10 /10 would recommend.Well, I've now hit 200 hours on the game... after a 27 and half hours i have finally beaten the game by launching the rocket. but oh my this game gets difficult in the end game sequence...."
,Recommended,427520,24820021,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Pepe,"I am still able to play other games.But... I still stay up until 12 am saying""lemme make another roboport"""
76561198048495975,Recommended,427520,23286423,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ninyall,i didnt mean to cut down your forests and polute your air and water its all in the name of survival!
,Recommended,427520,23320148,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,chili_con_carne,"I think this might be one of the greatest games ever made.Super Mario 3 (or World), The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Yoshi\'s Island, .... (a bunch of other games), Minecraft, Terraria, and now Factorio"
,Recommended,427520,21884337,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,BroBro,"Factorio is just as addicting as meth.You start with just expecting to not do much and leave after you did a thing, but after every small thing you notice another thing and suddenly it's 3 in the morning and you would suck off a guy in an alley to ''just finish this one small thingi''.10/10"
76561198053915711,Recommended,427520,22801581,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fulcrum,"Hooked from minute one.   So far in early access the game is very solid.  I love how it challenges you to discover, reconfigure and optimize your layouts, logistic networks and factories. The learning curve is low but enough depth to think, when does it end, and how could I do this better?  You'll say to yourself ""Ahh-Haaa! That is so cool!""  as you realize new ways to accomplish things.   Truely an amazing game.  As the game comes to full release I can only imagine great things to come from the developers and the mod community.    10/10  Full recommendation."
76561197999934493,Recommended,427520,22817636,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The Relentless,Quick and honest review:Experience: I have played many other rts and survival games both in 3d and 2d.Opinion: This is a unique product. Its new and not like any other survival/RTS games.Score:Gameplay: 10/10 You start of nothing and end up with making huge train and logistic stystems.Story: 4/10 You crash on an unknown planet and try to use all the ressources here to get out with an expensive ship.Multiplayer: 6/10 It is still alpha but multiplayer multiply the fun and possibility.Overall: 8/10 A good mix of RTS and survival without the need of food (yet) you grow a factory to become more and more automated. The game only limit is youre imagination and ingenusity.
,Recommended,427520,22888417,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Trikk,"<amusing short, witty comment unrelated to the actual game content or quality>10/10"
,Recommended,427520,23091806,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SDoleMelipone,"A construction game on massively parallel, multi-threaded steroids.Already a great game, and very stable, this is by far the best early access game I've played. While there are areas for improvement, the dev team already seem to be on the case. For example they are soon to enhance the UI and train track laying. Mind you, it is already very natural to control to this game -- most sim games do your head in by laying pieces in a way that isn't what you quite want or expect. Also, if you do misplace, you can pick up and massively rearrange things without actually destroying stuff. This is great, you can make a factory, then rip it up to expand or repurpose. I always hated having to demolish things in games like Sim City, and have to pay for it and lose out.All the while, it has an old-skool charm like Transport Tycoon, made slightly creepy by giant attacking bugs.My No.1 indie recommendation this year."
,Recommended,427520,26149865,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Solid,GG
,Recommended,427520,29089763,Posted: 7 January,all,strburst,"Factorio is an extremely unique game that presses all the buttons in the engineer inside your brain. I say it's unique because I haven't found a game that does it better (except perhaps Dwarf Fortress). ""Factorio is a game about automation"" is basically the best way to sum it up; while you can do a lot of things manually, you learn quickly to create assembly lines to smelt ore and craft the plates into products. The fun happens when you set small goals for yourself and succeed: setting up research production, automating production of one of the many machines (conveyer belts, assembling machines) that you need to automate everything else, launching X rockets per minute, etc. Game balance is well thought-out, as evidenced by how seamlessly you can go from one milestone to another. As a beginner, I remember getting just a basic grasp on one system that could almost be a game in itself, only to realize there was another that I hadn't yet touched (e.g. basic mining and production lines -> railroads -> oil processing -> robots/blueprints -> scaling to a megabase).If that isn't enough, Factorio is also one of the best-architected games I have ever seen (speaking as someone who has never seen the source code, of course, but has taken a look at the modding APIs). I have personally seen exactly zero bugs during gameplay, and I'm on the experimental branch. The game also keeps up remarkably well despite all the things it has to process. The devs have some of the highest standards in the industry, as seen on the dev blog. Finally, there seem to be mods to do absolutely anything you want: Bob's mods make supply chains much more complex, YARM adds predictions for when your ores will run out, RSO provides numerous tweaks to resource generation. Plus, the devs add ideas from mods to vanilla all the time, with much more polish (e.g. the landfill mod; nuclear, foreman, and rail tanker mods for 0.15).In summary, buy this game and receive hundreds of hours of entertainment. The only reason I could think of that you wouldn't want this game is if you have absolutely no engineering personality at all. You can see if this game appeals to you pretty well by playing the free demo (which is basically the tutorial levels)."
,Recommended,427520,28989177,Posted: 3 January,all,JIM HELL,"It's cheap, it's fun, it's challenging, it makes you smarter, the developers are awesome, it's highly moddable, and you will see conveyor belts when you close your eyes and try to sleep.Factorio is what thousands of base building games have tried to be. Buy it!!!"
,Recommended,427520,27883791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Epic,This games bad reviews are better than most games good reviews.11/10 potatoes
76561198064220463,Recommended,427520,28197481,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jmock1000,i cant stop
,Recommended,427520,28198663,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Blue Drache,"Free time?  You have some?  Not anymore.Seriously.This game will have you saying ... ""It's 20:00 ... I'll just play for an hour before bed.""  Followed by ""why is the sun coming up?""An excellent expenditure of time.Do it."
,Recommended,427520,27105916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fenixer02,Feel like i'm the only one who play this game out of my 100+ friends.
,Recommended,427520,27450861,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,.. Mr. GaSp,"I probably have over 600 hours combined and I have yet to create a review!  (Standalone client included)Edit: Oh, I had over 600 on the steam side... Oh..oh.  I need to re-evaluate my life.. right after I set this refiner up.First off, I'd like to talk a little about the company.  When you buy the game on steam, you can also create an account on their website and get a copy from there to download for standalone use.  Works great for multiple mod sets!  There are frequent updates to the game as experimental (option under the properties of the game like all beta stuff, or their website), then you get some major updates that drastically expand the game.Now about the game.The game is cheap enough to just try it, it should honestly be higher, but its alpha.  In the game you build a factory from nearly nothing, you can automate everything from loading ore from a belt into a furnace to make plates, from a logistic drone network that carries the plates to other areas of your factory for building anything from ammo to solar panels.  There is a blueprint system where you can copy layouts of your base and put them elsewhere or simply store them.The game has captured my attention for some time, from the infiinite world to the infinite complexity your factory can be.  There are no limits in this game, you would think the game would say ""you already have 1000 robots moving stuff, you can't have more."" Nope.  6000? 10,000? who cares, just be ready to charge them.  Or say ""Congrats you built your rocket, good job.""  This game: ""Hey you launched a rocket, [end game screen: continue?]"" and then you see people with 6000 rocket launches and launches every minute, gigantic mega factories, factories just using robots, factories using no robots.There is a train system you can see in the trailer, they don't tell you theres no limit to the number of trains on a rail, the length of cars on them, or the distance you can send them.This game is turely a game without limits.The best part of all, they've been working heavily on optimizations, so your mega base with 20,000 bots or 100 trains, doesn't notice a FPS drop.  I'll be realistic here, you can get a FPS drop eventually, simply due to size.  However the game runs great far past end game, and continues to run better with each update.TL;DR, It has 98-99% positive reviews, if you like management games, just get the damn game."
,Recommended,427520,26889772,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gevoo #RNY,"Its amazing, Like the only game where you can repete the only 10 more minutes thought dozens of times"
,Recommended,427520,26666898,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,∞/10 BEST. GAME. EVER. HIGHLY RECOMMENED!
,Recommended,427520,26643456,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TKM,I played this for over 100 hours before buying it and liked it so much that I absolutely had to support the developers.It's so easy to sink countless hours into this game.
76561198074854939,Recommended,427520,26527993,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,C1nc0man,"I have no family, or a job or even a house.....That doesn't matter I now have a factory......................"
76561198011831388,Recommended,427520,29666622,Posted: 3 February,all,Octopus_Rift,This game is like so many others but does it so much better than all other games.
,Recommended,427520,22246910,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Caboose,Factorio is a great and amazing game about building♥♥♥♥♥♥ killing♥♥♥♥♥♥ and wasting 10 hours on early game. Have fun.
76561198230832244,Recommended,427520,29463647,Posted: 24 January,all,aditya.teja,"Ahhh Factorio! The unending quest for efficiency and automation...if you're a design/engineering nerd, this is exactly what you need!"
,Recommended,427520,22645834,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Periosa,"Do you have a significant other? A social life? A job?WHY? When you could have Factorio? This game is like nerd crack. Fix, solve, design, built, tear down, blow up, lather, rinse, repeat. Why is it 5am? Did I leave the stove on? Was I supposed to pick up my kid from soccer practice this afternoon? It'll probably be fine once you fix your train station to increase your steel production."
,Recommended,427520,22515836,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Red,"This game is an alpha. Why did I write this? Because it doesn't look like it's in alpha. In it current state it's already a broad game (for alpha) and quite enjoyable.  I bought this game 3 days ago and can't stop playing it. Why? It includes aliens, factories, and ofcourse guns. A perfect blend of action and technical gameplay."
76561198024224014,Recommended,427520,23712342,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kedge919,Starcraft BroodWar + Minecraft+Simcity Elements = Fun.
,Recommended,427520,23905439,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Generalwyt,A good game.p.s you're an idiot if you only will use belts out of principle
,Recommended,427520,23651770,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GproKaru,Just do yourself a favor and grab this already... I can't really add anything else to what everyone has already said about this game so just do yourself a favor and lose the next 100 hours of your life to it~
76561198107179716,Recommended,427520,24165473,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Village Idiot,"First few minutes: geez, mining SUCKS.  How can I fix that?*builds mining machine* oh! thats better!3 minutes: OHHHHH CONVAYER BELTS!!!20 minutes: *checks time* oh.... its been 5 hours.This game is one in which you lose track of time, and solve problems one at a time.  But after a short while you zoom out and are shocked at the complexity of what you created.  And it is amazingly satisfying to see what you can make from nothing.  Time staps say that I've played just under 30 hrs, but it really feels like its been about 10.This game is amazing."
,Recommended,427520,29754145,Posted: 6 February,all,mph88delorean,"Pro: Factorio is an awesome game and you should buy it. I convienced 6 other people to buy it. You will too.Try the achievements, they are well designed.Con: Autosave is nessasary because it crashes pretty often."
76561198070800079,Recommended,427520,29976892,Posted: 16 February,all,(>0_0)>,Everyone is doing it. It will make you cool. Just take one hit of it.
,Recommended,427520,31831278,Posted: 18 May,all,Kump,Great game!
,Recommended,427520,31829335,Posted: 18 May,all,TheJinxz,"Won't go on sale, because it is always on sale. Seriously.This game is like heroin, it just has less needles.I don't have much time to game. 2 weeks=16 hours. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198066426668,Recommended,427520,23465114,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Fstq,It took me 7 hours just to create 2 train stations for both copper and iron.And i skipped today's class just to make this thing happen.10/10 would skip class again.
,Recommended,427520,23463820,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Knux,"Be forewarned, this game does not attempt to coddle you through any of the numerous hazards and difficulties it throws your way.On the plus side, the game always gives you the tools to conquer the hazards and smooth the difficulties.  It is up to you to utilize them to their fullest.That last bit, utilizing the myriad tools at your disposal to their fullest, has an incredibly steep and rewarding learning curve.Atop all of that, this game runs at an unfaltering 60 fps on a computer that is kinda underpowered, and the ambiance is stellar.10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,427520,23464030,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[SG] I cast FIST!,"I play a lot of Minecraft, mainly for building huge factories that mine for me, sort materials, and put it all in boxes. I just love building big efficient systems like that.Factorio is all of that, but you get to the good stuff faster.Starting with a mere coal fired miner and a basic stone furnace, you build up to an infinite sized world sprawling empire of factories. Smelting your metal, storing it, automatically crafting into stuff you need.It has mod support, and there's some pretty good mods out there already that add extra levels to research and add various new buildings or goals."
,Recommended,427520,31753673,Posted: 14 May,all,Ocelot,"The thing shown in the trailer is impressively complex and interwoven but not realistically something you'll ever end up bui9lding. All my factories have been a sprawling mess that starts off bartely functional except for my help, and often ends up a massive tangle of machines, conveyors, grabbers, boxes and robots swarming around. But the fun is had in between thoseThis game is pretty complex, so you might want to play on peaceful mode the first time, so you can get a grasp on what you're supposed to be doing without worrying about getting killed. And then once you've progressed far enough to start wondering what the whole point of this game is, that's when you turn peaceful mode off. Having to deal with enemies discourages expansion efforts, but it adds the necessity for turrets and walls.The train is the game's coolest feature and its a total pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to set up all the infrastructure it needs and running it is more expensive than just running two conveyer belts with walls. If i use a train it's for a distant oil field, which given the sparse nature of oil you might end up doingThe great thing about this game is its open endedness encourages cerative problem solving. Similar to Zachtronics games in its open ended problem solving with a broader learning curve than you initially expect. Loads of little tricks here and there, intentional quirks about how certain items are placed that introduce interesting problems to solve while building factories.Overall 9 factories out of 10"
76561198120524962,Recommended,427520,31018843,Posted: 8 April,all,BIP,One of the best games I have played so far
76561198311500365,Recommended,427520,31899518,Posted: 22 May,all,whiskeytangofoxtrot16,"Great game, plenty of fun experiences packed into one game."
,Recommended,427520,31685000,Posted: 11 May,all,mishugashu,"Literal crack. Obviously a joke, but this game is incredibly addictive. I have over 600 hours in this game and all of it is legitimate. I don't idle this game. This game is a steal at $20, even in its current state, which I honestly don't feel it should be ""early access.""It's a sandbox world where you get plopped on an alien world with just a miner and a furnace and you have to progress research and build efficient factories to launch a rocket. But, with the latest 0.15 update, that's not even really the end anymore. Launching a rocket brings back more science to progress the infinite research. It's megabase time!I *do not suggest* this game to anyone who has problems with time management and commitments they need to keep. You will get lost in this game.As long as you can manage your time properly, you should be able to handle this addiction, and I strongly suggest it to anyone with a technical mind. The whole game you are creating factories and try to be efficient as possible. There's no wrong ways to do anything, but there certainly is a most efficient way to do things... and you need to figure it out.Don't forget: there will ALWAYS be a bottleneck."
,Recommended,427520,31905216,Posted: 22 May,all,MisterGQ,"I love this game!!An awesome perfect game, almost for free.GrtzGQ"
76561197991844396,Recommended,427520,32044226,Posted: 29 May,all,Lorus,"This is already an amazing game, buy it!"
,Recommended,427520,31865111,Posted: 20 May,all,biottik,"At first i thought this game would be boring as hell.22 hours later i have only 1 achievement and i'm completely hooked, currently trying to devise a plan to make my oil setup perform better. This game rocks!"
,Recommended,427520,26162139,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Borislav Slavov,I refunded this game.Not because it is bad.But because my mind is too feeble to comprehend its greatness.
76561197986812069,Recommended,427520,31921423,Posted: 23 May,all,Zel0t,Its fun for a few hours i guess.
,Recommended,427520,31958375,Posted: 25 May,all,Boogiewoo0,"I don't often write reviews, but out of all the games in my library this one has kept me entertained the longest so I will write a review for it.As a foreword I would like to praise the development team for this game. They very thoroughly playtest and bugfix before releasing their updates. This may be the most stable game I've ever played. Even an update's beta branch before it is officially released has fewer bugs in it than many 1.0 releases.That said this game really deserves all the positive reviews it gets. Although there is combat in it, this game isn't very action-y. If you are an action gamer and tend to only enjoy fast-paced games, then this may not be the game for you. Factorio is very self paced. There are aliens to fight, but they expand fairly slowly and won't be much of an issue if you move slowly yourself. However, if you build up your factory very quickly the aliens will become aggressive because pollution will start to build up and the aliens, like hippies, hate pollution.So what's the point of the game?Well, there are really 2 main goals and many small ones. The game is centered around the mass production of various objects. Each time you automate production of a given item it is a milestone that gets you closer to your first major goal of launching a rocket, which takes many different raw materials being processed into intermediate items before finally being combined into rocket parts which are used to build the rocket. The first time you manage to launch a rocket it is a graduation of sorts. You are no longer a newbie and you move onto the next main goal, optimization.Launching a rocket would more-or-less be the end of the game except that you can ALWAYS build bigger, faster, more efficient factories. There are a handful of ""research"" items you can sink all of your extra resources into. Some of them grant bonuses to mining raw materials or damage bonuses for your weapons and these go on forever, but become more expensive after each one is researched. This encourages you to build larger and more efficient factories to supply ever increasing quantities of items. Therein lies the beauty of Factorio's late game. If you played and enjoyed the game up until launching the rocket, you'll probably have a few ideas on how you could have done better and after implementing them, you'll take a step back and just take in everything that you've built. I recently had over 15,000 circuits being produced every minute and just watching all the moving parts that going into doing something like that is amazing, but know that it was YOU who built it is immensely gratifying.If you enjoy games where you build things you should give this game a try. Especially if you want a building game that challenges you.10/10"
76561198022555761,Recommended,427520,24977982,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,God,Ah Cracktorio. Early Access game that has more simple appeal with 2d sprites then all the big companies AAA titles combined.Also it's cocaine. Electronic cocaine.
76561198141157877,Recommended,427520,21607366,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,wat,Played 8 hours in first session didnt know where the time went until I looked at the clock to say 2:52am
76561198054386174,Recommended,427520,32047232,Posted: 29 May,all,Kaiku,"""Let me just fix this thing real quick."""
76561198007493624,Recommended,427520,31911163,Posted: 22 May,all,Timmah,"After 800 hours, I think I'm getting good at this...Fun with friends, fun by yourself. A steal at $20 if you like management games.Incredible dev team, passionate modding community. 12/10"
76561198231773832,Recommended,427520,31691562,Posted: 11 May,all,bpdubb,"I was very hesitant to buy this game when i first saw it.  I actually found it, looked at the picture and thought it looked way to detailed and it turned me off.  about a year later i came across it again and said what the hell.  Holy shnikeys i wish i would have bought it the first time.  This game is absolutely unbelieveable on so many levels.  I've never in my life binged on a game like this one.  A must have.  The developers are brilliant.  On a side note i also was hesitant to buy the game cuz i'm more of a simulation type gamer, (no enemies) so i liked the idea that i could build my factory as big as however i wanted it.  But i didn't like the idea of aliens or something i had to fight off to keep my base going.  You can turn it to peacefull mode.  But in all honesty the aliens have a huge part in this game as they keep you on the edge of your seat waiting for them and preparing for them. Cuz you know they're comin.  So they bring a whole other element to the game.  i'm 523 hours in and my stomach still drops everytime i hear the damn alien alarm go off."
76561198226318576,Recommended,427520,31691701,Posted: 11 May,all,TheLemonLime,Great game and the creators are very helpful unlike other games.
76561198080480936,Recommended,427520,31692638,Posted: 11 May,all,RiotRecoil,"I love Factorio, so simple, yet so many hours of fun with friends."
,Recommended,427520,31695804,Posted: 11 May,all,SolSurvivor,"When I got in-game it didn't look that interesting and I didn't expect it to hold my attention long enough for me to decide to keep it.3 hours later...""Why can't I stop?!?"""
76561198240440222,Recommended,427520,31696404,Posted: 11 May,all,thegameandwatcher,"Factorio is a great game if you enjoy creating factories and/or have OCD. If, however, you are impatient and prefer action games, you may not like it as much as I did.P.SIf you've played the minecraft modpack skyfactory and enjoyed it, you'll enjoy this too.P.P.SMake sure you have a good defense against biters because if you don't, one day a huge swarm will appear and devour all your hard work"
76561198255700060,Recommended,427520,31696671,Posted: 11 May,all,goboom3,Amazing game...it is my favourite game ever and will continue to play it for a long time - Goboom3
76561198032170296,Recommended,427520,31942740,Posted: 24 May,all,apr1960,I've been playing computer games since 1982 - Factorio is without a doubt the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,427520,31844368,Posted: 19 May,all,iao123n1nkl123a,I played 18 hours of this game. IN ONE DAY.
,Recommended,427520,31987644,Posted: 26 May,all,arun792,"You just got to try it for an hour, it will be with you throughout your life - better than a wife..(JK XD)Its really awesome! Devs are great! Community is not toxic! Just buy it and you will never regret it."
76561198067785746,Recommended,427520,31726137,Posted: 13 May,all,São Gaben,"Que jogo absolutamente incrível.Tenho poucas horas na Steam, mas principalmente por jogar offline, e o tempo em q pirateava anos atrás.Acreditem em mim, se vc gosta de micromanagement, automação, evolução perceptível, e tem um espírito pra engenharia, esse jogo foi feito pra vc. Sei que Factorio é o jogo com tudo que sempre quis, construção de base, automação, mineração, processamento, armas, alienígenas agressivos e irracionais e uma comunidade extremamente envolvida (www.reddit.com/r/factorio)"
,Recommended,427520,21554946,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,40.,This game is amazing as ^%$#&^%$#&^%$#&!!! So much fun you cant stop playing. It's seriously crack for gamers. 10/10 . The factories you make get so complex. Loving this game!
76561198283293016,Recommended,427520,23264571,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,BAAAN,"First world: Runs into enemy base yelling that I am their new god. Didn't turn out well.Second World: Gets basic factory started. Forgot turrets. Bye bye base.Third world: Did better, got a car, thought I was invinsible. Worms are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Fourth world: Got to trains safely. Caution: Pressing ""Enter"" or running on live train tracks may cause injury.Fifth world: Put the enemy base settings up the the highest amounts, with the smallest starting area. Many biters, many death.Sixth world: Didn't I have a life once? Huh. That was strange.Still Sixth world: Some random person claiming to be my friend tried to get me off and then tried to get me to sleep and eat. Free food. Didn't sleep.??? World: Noooooo!!!!! Bad powercut! BAD!kwkadj: Sleep? SLEEP? I DON'T NEED SLEEP IN FACTORIO! WHY WOULD I NEED IT HERE?!uwdawyfiya: Cmon! Launch rocket launch!End game: Hmm... *Starts new world*12/10 Who needs friends?"
,Recommended,427520,31981799,Posted: 26 May,all,Fresh!WazzaBoi,"I love this game, so addicting and also complex but simple. so much to do. i only wish there was more! I would recommend it to anyone who loves just sitting down and relaxing while also ripping your hair out as you arent making enough of something"
76561197990892394,Recommended,427520,22069455,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Patrul081,"Seems I can't stop plaing it. I would pay 40 euro with closed eyes.Pros:Constanlty updating, by developersGame inseinly fun to play (my wife comes at 3am night and say why you still not in bed, I say I have to finish car automation)Very well thinked. i can promise you will not be bored.countless posibilities.Cons:could be more different alien enemies. ( this is present, but I think future development can be added.)"
,Recommended,427520,23818478,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Snouz,"Absolutely brilliant and intelligent. The same way Terraria expanded on minecraft's combat, Factorio expands on its mechanical aspect."
,Recommended,427520,22433206,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,thenobrainer,"Factorio is an awesome game and absolutely worth the cost. Once you start playing you can't stop. It has got lots of replay-ability as you can create your own maps, you can set yourself challanges. On top of that there is lots of good mods for the game that add more content. This game hasn't even left early access yet. It is very much still in development with updates that add more content or make things look nicer are released often. You should not get bored playing this game."
76561198030041433,Recommended,427520,29573070,Posted: 29 January,all,Pdizzle,"How this game is legal and crack cocaine is not, I will never understand!"
76561197990149440,Recommended,427520,31903626,Posted: 22 May,all,OP-1 Zero,"Warning: It will Eat up HUGE chunks of your time, and you won't mind its that good at what it does.Will update with a more proper review at a later date."
76561198347925632,Recommended,427520,31773076,Posted: 15 May,all,darthjordy,Must... Expand....Play....More.....
76561197970493862,Recommended,427520,28614832,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Venom,"I am an engineer who loves your typical ""Engineer"" games. I play minecraft, space engineers, terraria, etc... This games takes the cake for ""building"" satisfaction. Nothing compares to a ""well oiled"" factory. If you like any of the games above then you will not be dissapointed with this."
76561198286208212,Recommended,427520,24367250,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,micahthedangerous,Just outstanding. Get this game.
,Recommended,427520,24190472,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Timendainum,Extremely fun and challenging. Very addictive. If you like building complicated systems you will love this game.
,Recommended,427520,24195376,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,His Excellency Khalifa Al Zayed,"An incredibly in-depth game, Factorio has re-kindled a love for exploring new systems, items and recipies in games that I haven't felt since Minecraft. The logistical challenges it poses are a joy to solve!"
,Recommended,427520,26935088,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keyko,"One of the most intrecte games i have ever played, as well as the most satisfing managment game i own."
,Recommended,427520,30092889,Posted: 21 February,all,SaulHeno,"This is one of those rare games you can start up at 6pm bored and find yourself 12 hours later desperatly trying to find oil that isnt overrun with alien nests. It has so much replayability. 60 hours in and i still havnt launched a rocket,nor discovered how in the hell robots work and am only grasping the basics of trains . But thats the beauty of it. Theres always something to learn"
76561198168344021,Recommended,427520,30739489,Posted: 25 March,all,CupidStunt,"WARNING: Playing this game will cause you to abandon your friends and family, give pets malnutrition and your lawns to grow out of control. Other than that its a good game."
,Recommended,427520,32741080,Posted: 24 June,all,RoboticPrism,"This game has to be one of my top games this year.  Bluntly put, if you like building things this game is for you.You start by having to do everything by hand, crafting and mining much like a standard 2D minecraft style game.  But what really seperates it all is your ability to automate literally everything.  Get machines to mine for you.  Get machines to craft for you.  You can get even lazier though.  Have a drone network deliver you items, because walking is hard work.  Create blueprints and copy paste entire sections of your base, placing things by hand is for chumps.  And in the end you'll end up with a giant industrial masterpiece that no one will be able to decipher, except for you because you build this all from the ground up.The devs have made it clear that this game will always be $20, no sales, so its never a bad time to pick it up.  However, $20 is nothing compared the number of hours and immense satisfaction I've gotten out of this game (and will continue to).  In addition to the vanilla game, the devs update it constantly with new fixes and updates, and there is a huge amount of extra content in the form of some impressively high quality mods."
,Recommended,427520,33028002,Posted: 30 June,all,Vana-->L'Voyager,"Build your own factory, ok let's go.Fix a little bit over here..Make this part more efficient..Plan the expansion here..Something broke down..Find the problem..Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ its 5 am already"
,Recommended,427520,25831721,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,GRIM,GREAT GAME!!! (i only have 2.2 hrs on steam :( Before that thoigh i had almost 200 hrs on a different version because i didnt have enough money) This game is worth every penny its so fun with multiplayer (Speaking of if anyone wants to play add me)
76561197971055583,Recommended,427520,28957586,Posted: 2 January,all,Stan1010,good game but sometimes items that require coal to burn on randomaly stop.
,Recommended,427520,32060325,Posted: 30 May,all,ApBUK666,"Strangely addictive. Only purchased after playing the demo and reading feedback.Would like to see more visual effects but other than that nice interface and very playable. Looking at the research tree in the game looks like many hours of play available, lots of tech to try out. I like how removing items to re plan puts then back in your inventory so you don't have to rebuild resources to just relocate items.Looking forward to see how it develops. The idea is good, seems stable - some higher textures, visual effects would make the game stunning."
,Recommended,427520,32099340,Posted: 31 May,all,GoluckyCrawdad,"I am writing this review at a moment in time when I have 60 hours on the game. That might not seem like a lot... until i tell you that I only bought the game about 3.5 days ago. In the roughly 80 hours since buying this game, i have spent 60 of those hours engrossed in this game. The other 20 hours, have begrundgedly been spent doing annoying tasks IRL like eating and sleeping.Why is this game so fun you might ask? I really have no idea. You are building factories and acting as an engineer. I am a software engineer in real life, so this should feel like work to me, but it is not, i enjoy it. I don't know why, it can not be explained.Should you buy the game? That depends on if you have responsibilities in real life. If you do, then no... don't buy the game. Your spouse could divorce you, your kids might starve to death, your dog might dig a hole under the house and escape. You will forget and cease to care about all things, other than optimizing and automating your in-game digital factory.If you buy this game, despite my warnings, then here is one pro-tip: ""Work towards getting robots, they are awesome and can do all things!"""
,Recommended,427520,32042548,Posted: 29 May,all,-{A★T}- blazingrager33,"A fantastic puzzle game with elements of RTS, where your primary goal is to automate everything so much that you can eventually build a rocket to space."
,Recommended,427520,32163308,Posted: 3 June,all,Kiuper,Very nice
76561198001048848,Recommended,427520,25966143,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Fozyx,Excellent game and still improving which is always promising!
76561197992935547,Recommended,427520,25691842,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FatToni665,A communist dream 9/10
,Recommended,427520,26283944,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NicOwski2000,OMG !! this is like Heroin !!
,Recommended,427520,26236945,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,de_nuke,One of those games that will be remembered for decades to come
76561198016587467,Recommended,427520,28946019,Posted: 2 January,all,Bostanimus,"This is the first major review I have wrote.  The main reason is because most games don't suck you in like this one can.This game should have not only been nominated for but should have won the ""just 5 more minutes"" award hands down.  The only reason it didn't was because it's not 5 more minutes its more like 5 more hours.OK so now onto the review.The Pros,- This game is hands down the best logical puzzle game you can want.- has an amazing community that make some incredible mods.- you can jump on for 5 mins (and stay for 30 minutes easy) and jump off no problems.-the Cons:- will make you late for wrok- will make you stay up way to late- will make you dream about conveyor beltsOverall this is one of the most addictive games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,427520,29098000,Posted: 7 January,all,ultra boost,This game is addicting. No game has ever felt this fun to play. I Bought it yesterday and I am really enjoying it. It feels like a full game but its not even finished. Cant even imagine about how it will be in the final product.
76561197992616726,Recommended,427520,27548721,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mka22,Best game EVER made !!
76561198044900134,Recommended,427520,28195177,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Krankenkasse,"This is one of the most impressive games I ever played in this category. There is outstanding mod-support, the weekly dev-reports are excellent and the updates keep coming. The possibilities are endless.If you liked eg. Minecraft with technic-pack etc. this is definetly for you.Can't stop playing it. With bob's mods is became really challenging"
76561198005390270,Recommended,427520,27884166,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ponta,BUY
,Recommended,427520,27988571,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MiniGun-Commander:803,"I love this game... I literally say every time ""FIVE MINUTES MORE"" Because I eant to play this game"
,Recommended,427520,29878257,Posted: 12 February,all,Asgar the Okay guy,This isn't your typical early access lazy developer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game is already way better than many full released games out there. They're in early access only because they want to put in the finishing touches and add multi-player bells and whistles. I cannot recommend this enough.
,Recommended,427520,26465527,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,General Handicap,57 hours to build and launch a rocket and satellite.  Probably faster than NASA.11/10 would not sleep for 2.5 days again.
,Recommended,427520,26512173,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Gltn,"This is an excellent game, 483 hours played and still going strong. Try the demo!"
76561198275153820,Recommended,427520,26312255,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kylebegra,Very good game
,Recommended,427520,26121931,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mark,Only one problem with this game my is broken and I can't fix it but great game otherwise.
,Recommended,427520,29172025,Posted: 10 January,all,Feef27,This game is so addicting that I dream about it.
76561198031765768,Recommended,427520,32277561,Posted: 8 June,all,⊥ıнᴤɴחʁͻ,It is a really great management game where you will lose tons of time optimizing your supply chains and trying out new concepts and layouts to get to your goal.Buy it!
76561198190828211,Recommended,427520,32305765,Posted: 9 June,all,DaGhillieLife,great gamewould recommend always something to do in the game
,Recommended,427520,32302561,Posted: 9 June,all,GalacticBadger,Dis good game 11/10 would recommend
,Recommended,427520,32328662,Posted: 10 June,all,kikoreta_sop,"Good game i play it since the first releases on their page and now i can have it on steam, constants updates and bugfixes."
76561198059578999,Recommended,427520,30846481,Posted: 30 March,all,Donkyonky,"Factorio is a great game.There's a solution for everything in this game, and it all has to do with machinery. It's like a puzzle, except you're in control of what goes where. There is no guideline or specific way to do anything in this game. The game doesn't really feel repetitive, although there are times when you can simply sit and watch your dense factory produce bullets and pollution. It always seems like there's so much to do, which is awesome for any game.The UI is incredibly simple, and gets straight to the point. No tabs, everything is grouped in a way that makes sense, and is readily available at any point in time. There are some situations that can be a bit confusing, as most slots have no label. SHIFT + Click sometimes sends items to an unexpected place; however, this particular issue is to be solved very soon.The visuals are quite nice and everything fits pretty well. It's fun to watch the machines work and produce stuff.There are enemies in the game, and they scale with your progress. As you pollute the world, the aliens get more aggressive, to a point where they'll send big hulking aliens that'll try to rip your factory apart. You also have weapons to defend yourself with. The presence of aliens will eventually force you to focus your factory on military purposes, such as grenades, bullets, bombs, armored cars and tanks, and power armor which can become so strong you can stop a train by standing in its way. Combat is simple, but seems polished. Vehicles take a bit of time to get used to, especially when trying to stop and reverse, but they're not borked or difficult to use.The progress in this game works very well; you start with simple coal-burning machinery and work your way to more advanced machinery. Over time, you unlock better machines that are more efficient, which forces you to re-design parts of your factories. I have personally re-designed my science facility 3 times already, each time improving it's efficiency and reducing its size.The developers of this game are absolutely, hands-down the BEST developers I've ever encountered; they are always transparent, they work hard and enjoy what they do, they explain what they do to the community, they listen to what players want/need, they test their game and don't add features that do nothing. I'm currently playing on the most recent build of the game, which is oddly called ""Unstable"", even though it's more stable than any other game I've ever played.Did I mention trains? Yeah, there are trains too."
76561198026546547,Recommended,427520,30627891,Posted: 19 March,all,KUK KILLA,Really fun.Extremely complicated but easy to learn.
,Recommended,427520,32348892,Posted: 11 June,all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"It takes a while to start understanding what's going on, but from there it's a total blast"
76561198200450623,Recommended,427520,31129662,Posted: 13 April,all,Dalgladil,"I personally, only played this for a little while with my Dad. It was SUPER FUN, but we had to start over A LOT. We would get ""Really Far"" only to realize we had made such poor development choices that it would be so easy to start over. We eventually quit but regardless I had fun and the monsters were definetly scary at night, despite not being that scary in general.I really liked the guns ;D"
,Recommended,427520,26133896,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,AngryBadAss,This is my favorite game I have 170+ hours and I still want to play
,Recommended,427520,21602097,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mr Nobody,"Currently still playing this amazing game and I have not found a single disappointment. I've played Minecraft, Terraria and Starbound in the past and always wanted such a game with focus on automation, industrial, wiring and machine aspects that doesn't look like a ♥♥♥♥ING CARDBOARD BOX WITH FIST SIZED BLOTS OF PAINT THROWN ON IT.Because I've played Minecraft, Terraria and Starbound before, I found the controls quite intuitive and figured them out easily on my own. Even so, new players struggling should know that the devs provide both a wiki and a guide for the game, both reachable athttp://guide.factorio.com/andhttp://wiki.factorio.com/and as such I was not lost when it came to figuring out game mechanics or untold aspects of the game that the in-game tips did not cover.I do believe I've found all I've ever wanted in Factorio. To top it all off it currently has a level editor, kickass mod support and multiplayer support. And all this satisfaction, construction potential and fun for 20 euros and it's still in Early Access? I can't imagine what the devs have in store for this gem next.I said mod support. Yes. Install the mods Orbital Ion Cannon and Satellite Uplink Station, build and send them into space using the Rocket Silo. Nuke whatever you want from orbit with them. Tyranids, zerg, mother nature's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I don't care. Have fun pretending you're a GDI supremacist.Edit: WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS GAME TAGGED AS CASUAL?!"
,Recommended,427520,26874696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dead Carrot,"Man, where do I start? This game is truly PHENOMENAL. It's a work of art if I say so myself. I have enjoyed 100+ hours in this game and I always find my self coming back to play more. It truly is an addicting game. If you enjoy Tekkit Classic or strategy games, this is definitely the game for you! You can customize and create your own system to automatically make pretty much any item in the game any way you want. The possibilities are endless. WIth infinitely generated worlds, you can keep expanding out as you so please, making it so you can play as long as you like. It's definitely worth the money, and it's a great game to have in your library!"
76561197976451040,Recommended,427520,26988327,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Predator,"It's a me, Factorio!Start a base. Cut down enough trees to make an environmentalist cry. Fuel stone furnaces. Smelt iron. Pollute the atmosphere. Enrage the wildlife. Build weapons. Murder wildlife. Upgrade machinery. Wildlife upgrades. Upgrade weaponry. Murder upgraded wildlife. Automate machines. Wildlife upgrades. Upgrade weapons again. Use upgraded murderous boomstick of rage to butcher upgraded wildlife. Get angry. Build Tank. Use blood of the wildlife to grease the tank's fresh treads. Plan comes to fruition to build rocket.  Why build a rocket? World domination!In all seriousness, this is one great game, however, there is a word of caution.  This game is meant for those who like to build things, explore, and automate machinery.  The absolute gem of this game comes from the intricacies you learn the more you play.  As you play, you can learn how to automate switching stations to send raw materials to other areas.  If one area beings to run low, the automated system will shift resources, if you program it right.  My only gripe comes from the enemies being just an annoyance vs. a real threat once you get to later stages in the game.  Laser defense systems are near impossible to with and make you an unstoppable killing machine.  It would be nice to see some underground enemy attacks to keep the player on their toes.One thing I will say is that the devs behind the game are a definite A plus in my book in terms of content updates, upgrades, and keeping their playerbase informed about material coming down the pipe.  They're far, far better than some of the supposed AAA companies out there trying to pump out games non-stop like a fast-food joint shoving greasy concoctions down their customer's throats.Pros:*Intricate system that lets you program a lot (I mean A LOT) of stuff to automate your little factory setup*Devs keep the playerbase updated on what is happening*Game feels unique and fesh compared to other items out there right now*I can build a dang choo-choo! I like a choo-choo that can run down my enemies!*It doesn't feel tedious when expanding your base or starting another base then connecting them*Can build an army of robot minions to do your biddingCons:*Enemies feel pointless towards late-game stages in sandbox mode*Game still neds some spit and polish in some areas (minor gripe)*You don't require additional pylonsAs a person who is quite cynical towards the current gaming industry, I feel burned by a lot of games right now, this game feels like something I can come back to for a bit of entertainment. Next to FTL: Faster Than Light, this game is up there, in my honest opinion, in terms of playability and re-playability.  It's not for everyone, but many will find enjoyment out of this if they're willing to give it a try.  This is definitely a game for some to try if they like to build bases, micromanage resources, and/or build things and learn to program them.  Also, THEY HAVE FLYING ROBOTS WITH DEATH LASERS!"
76561198085708242,Recommended,427520,22048015,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bappy,This game is my new heroin.
76561198079775608,Recommended,427520,32608046,Posted: 20 June,all,Iron Skillet,basically drugs. good game.
76561198055885209,Recommended,427520,32664771,Posted: 22 June,all,Uraneum,Polluting the planet never felt so good
76561197980750666,Recommended,427520,31386820,Posted: 26 April,all,Nighthawk_tech,"An amazing game.  I keep coming back to it again and again. Huge replayability: every time I start I think ""well, my factory was pretty good, pretty efficient last time, I'll make it the same,"" but the vagaries of my starting location, resource patches, water, biters, etc. quickly change my plans.  I then start dreaming up larger, better, harder-to-bottleneck systems and pretty soon hours have passed.The devs are extremely active, dedicated, and focussed on both backend performance and frontend content.You owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,427520,24504975,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kosher Potato,"This game is marked ""early acess,"" but honestly it's a finished product.Buy this game - it's excellent"
,Recommended,427520,32768885,Posted: 25 June,all,[PUG-ER]Shagohad,The factory has two directives:1. Expand the factory2. Destroy anything that hinders directive 1Any questions?
76561198345523987,Recommended,427520,32759360,Posted: 24 June,all,ScootalooHayFry,"Factorio is a potent, synthetic opioid pain medication with a rapid onset and short duration of action. It is a potent agonist of μ-opioid receptors in the brain. Factorio is 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine, but some Factorio mods, which are designed to mimic the pharmacological effects of the original drug, may be as much as 10,000 times more potent than morphine.Factorio is also used as a recreational drug, leading to thousands of overdose deaths from 2000 to 2017. Deaths have also resulted from improper medical use. Factorio has a relatively wide therapeutic index (270) which makes it a very safe surgical anesthetic when monitored carefully; however, its extreme potency requires careful measurements of highly diluted Factorio in solution.Legal statusIn the UK, Factorio is classified as a controlled Class A drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. In the Netherlands, Factorio is a List I substance of the Opium Law. In the U.S., Factorio is a Schedule II controlled substance per the Controlled Substance Act.PharmacologyFactorio provides some of the effects typical of other opioids through its agonism of the opioid receptors. Its strong potency in relation to that of morphine is largely due to its high lipophilicity, per the Meyer-Overton correlation. Because of this, it can more easily penetrate the CNS.Detection in biological fluidsFactorio may be measured in blood or urine to monitor for abuse, confirm a diagnosis of poisoning, or assist in a medicolegal death investigation. Commercially-available immunoassays are often used as initial screening tests, but chromatographic techniques are generally used for confirmation and quantitation. Blood or plasma Factorio concentrations are expected to be in a range of 0.3–3.0 μg/l in persons using the drug therapeutically, 1–10 μg/l in intoxicated patients and 3-300 μg/l in victims of acute overdosage.OverdoseIn July 2014, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) issued a warning about the potential for life-threatening harm from accidental exposure to Factorio, particularly in children. Factorio should be kept away from children, who are most at risk from Factorio overdose.Death from Factorio overdose was declared a public health crisis in Canada in September 2015, and it continues to be a significant public health issue. In 2016, deaths from fatal Factorio overdoses in British Columbia, Canada, averaged two persons per day.Medical examiners concluded that musician Prince died on April 21, 2016, from an accidental Factorio overdose.Storage and disposalFactorio is one of a small number of drugs that may be especially harmful, and in some cases fatal, with just one dose, if used by someone other than the person for whom the drug was prescribed. Unused Factorio should be kept in a secure location that is out of children’s sight and reach, such as a locked cabinet.When Factorio cannot be disposed of through a drug take-back program, flushing is recommended for Factorio because it is the fastest and surest way to remove them from the home so they cannot harm children, pets and others who were not intended to use them.Recreational useIllicit use of pharmaceutical Factorio and its analogues first appeared in the mid-2010s in the medical community and continues in the present. United States authorities classify Factorio as a narcotic and an opioid. To date, more than 12 different analogues of Factorio have been produced clandestinely and identified in the U.S. drug traffic. The biological effects of the Factorio analogues are similar to those of heroin, with the exception that many users report a noticeably less euphoric high associated with the drug and stronger sedative and analgesic effects.Factorio analogues may be hundreds of times more potent than street heroin, and tend to produce significantly more respiratory depression, making it much more dangerous than heroin to users. Factorio is sometimes sold as heroin, often leading to overdoses. Many Factorio overdoses are initially classified as heroin overdoses. Estonia has the highest rate of 3-methylFactorio overdose deaths in the EU, due to its high rate of recreational use.Non-medical use of Factorio by individuals without opiate tolerance can be very dangerous and has resulted in numerous deaths. Even those with opiate tolerances are at high risk for overdoses. Once the Factorio is in the user's system, it is extremely difficult to stop its course because of the nature of absorption. Illicitly synthesized Factorio has also appeared on the United States market.The ""modded"" form of Factorio refers to any of a number of clandestinely produced analogues, especially Bob's mods. This Department of Justice document lists ""modded"" as a synonym for a number of Factorio analogues, including Angel's mods and Bob's mods, which today are classified as Schedule I drugs in the United States. Part of the motivation for Bob's mods is that, despite the extra difficulty from a synthetic standpoint, the resultant drug is relatively more resistant to metabolic degradation. This results in a drug with an increased duration.In June 2013, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a health advisory to emergency departments alerting to 14 overdose deaths among drug users in Rhode Island associated with Space Extension Mod, a synthetic opioid analog of Factorio that has never been licensed for medical use.Beginning in 2015, Canada has seen a widespread number of Factorio overdoses. The drug has been implicated in multiple deaths from the homeless to young professionals, including multiple teens and young parents. Because of the rising deaths across the country, Health Canada is putting a rush on a review of the prescription-only status of Naloxone in an effort to combat overdoses of the drug."
76561198261290870,Recommended,427520,32770009,Posted: 25 June,all,applesomthing,"love the game, i keep coming back to it to play"
,Recommended,427520,31372545,Posted: 26 April,all,laucian,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Typically I avoid early access games but this has to be the exception. The level of polish that already exists on the product more than justifies the $20. In it's current state the game is more than worth it.If you love solving puzzles you probably created yourself, playing an ever evolving game of tower defence or just love to build massive creations then look no further than this game."
,Recommended,427520,32955150,Posted: 28 June,all,Tacocrazyman1,This games will give you hours and hours of fun.
,Recommended,427520,32472484,Posted: 16 June,all,RemembertheCant,"Fantastic Game, lots of things to make and do! Will keep you entertained for months!"
,Recommended,427520,27985991,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,leo3065,"Seriously, buy it. This game have so much content and so many game mechanic to play with that you can always find some interesting things to do.Want to be productive? Do it.Want to let robots do most of the job? sure.Want to make some amazing machines? Many types of networks get you covered.And not end here! It is still in early access so more things are coming, and also mods!And yes, it has multiplyplayer mode."
76561198074211943,Recommended,427520,31265096,Posted: 20 April,all,A Taiwanese Fetus,honestly one of the most infuriating games ive ever played. 11/10 would miss work 3 days in row to fix my factory not making red circuits. turns out i missed a belt
,Recommended,427520,25573379,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Zorian,"First impression: Oh, this looks sort of fun.1 hour into the game: WTF do I have to do?2 hours into the game: Oh look at that! It's working! Now what happens if I add 1 more factory...3 hours into the game: Nice! Research is running smoothly, copper and iron flows fine. Let's see what is missing for the next research... Ah! Some Advanced Circuits. Shouldn't be too hard. Just a little Copper Wire, some Plastic... Oh! I need oil for that... Hang on, let me quickly setup the oil factory line........... <Unintelligible gap lost into a dark void that nobody knows about>100 hours into the game: Oh, welp. How about I go eat and drink something for a change. And perhaps a bit of sleep..."
,Recommended,427520,29455842,Posted: 23 January,all,Hassara,"OMG.  Nearly midnight.  Already??  If you are a ""responsible"" person, do NOT get this game.  Your evenings will be gone.  Weekends?  Gone.  This is going to be very fun."
76561198190578963,Recommended,427520,29455722,Posted: 23 January,all,CreepyHermit,"This game is incredible, I was hesitant buying it at first, but was won over by the reviews. From my 41 hours of playing its clear that factorio as overwhelmingly positive reviews for a reason. The game is so addicting and the campaign is great for introducing you to new concepts. I havnt actually completed the game and launched my rocket simply because the base I had set up wasnt prepared for the resources needed for contrusting the rocket and I cbf basically redoing my base, but I cant wait to give it a second go and finish the game. So much to learn and do and limitless factory configurations. I would highly reccomend watching some youtube videos and guides so that you dont get hung up like I did because you had no idea what you were doing xD Fantastic game"
76561197993561088,Recommended,427520,21989866,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Hamsta,That i've not seen such a game just blows my mind. But be warned. It is maybe the most addictive drug you will ever consume....
76561198242719828,Recommended,427520,29454414,Posted: 23 January,all,Teedbear Joe,"Factorio is amazingly complex, yet easy to pick up. The game is engaging and there is always something else to do. Major replay value. You can always do something better next time. Completely worth $20.00. Would play for just 5 more minutes again."
,Recommended,427520,29455692,Posted: 23 January,all,Coop!,"So, I now have just over 15 hours in the game, and I only received it from a friend a day ago.  This game is highly addictive and amazing to play both solo and with friends.Say hello to Factorio, and goodbye to your life.I highly recommend you do the campaign when you start, as it will show you the basics.  To attempt otherwise will just leave you overwhelmed.This game is a challenge, but a very satisfying one.  The satisfaction you get when completing a chain of factories for complex items cannot be overstated.  It'll keep you coming back for more and more and more.Stop reading and get Factorio!"
,Recommended,427520,29456395,Posted: 23 January,all,Skeet skeet,Great ♥♥♥♥ing game!
,Recommended,427520,31630242,Posted: 8 May,all,Cyboy,*Starts game at 10 Am**Plays game for 10 seconds**7PM*10/10I love this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198045815855,Recommended,427520,31132042,Posted: 14 April,all,Chimera,"This game is one of my favorites. It's addicting, and gets even better when played with a friend. Of course, not everyone will like it, but it nails the ""OCD-second-life-number-crunching"" part of your brain hard enough that all but those with the shortest attention spans can be easily hooked. There's something inherently satisfying about zooming out and seeing the whole screen churning like the well-oiled machine it is.I've been holding off because a big update is coming up, which will change a how boilers work, as well as add nuclear power. I don't want to get attached to my factory, only to have it all incompatible with the new system. The devs are very transparent with their agendas and post weekly progress reports and many of the players' suggestions are taken into account.P.S. I got sucked in again recently, and decided to see how many satelites I can launch before 1: the update comes, or 2: my factory is overrun by bugs. (Logistical or biological, remains to be determined.)"
76561198007205236,Recommended,427520,31665321,Posted: 10 May,all,Big Crazy,Love this game. It really makes you think and it's very rewarding! :)
76561197994144092,Recommended,427520,27156183,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fr3aK0625,"Decent little game which is taking a different spin on the famous game minecraft.In minecraft you gather ressources to get creative and create your own buildings, then you gather more to build more.In factorio you gather ressources to get creative with a factory complex, then you get more efficient so you never have to hold that pickaxe again.I would recommend it even to those who are tired of ""minecraft like"" games / survival games. Stil not convinced? try the demo for yourself. (actually this is a big deal, cant remember the last game in 2 years that had one)"
,Recommended,427520,28036486,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dark Vader,"One of my favorite games aleady. If this game looks at all interesting to you, just get it.Update: If you can help yourself, avoiding the logistics robots research improves the game a lot in my opinion, as getting logistics robots trivializes the otherwise excellent increasing complexity of production that the game has."
,Recommended,427520,23652426,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,CaptainDan,"I feel like this is the game I have secretly been waiting for all my life.  This game provides endless opportunity for design and analysis.  Don't be scared by the early access, this game is already very stable.Things about this game that are awesome:1. The thrill of speed - it is quite a feeling to watch your vast machinery at work on your production projects.2. Math - while you do not need a calculator to play, you may want to have one handy to optimize your designs.3. Defense - Manage the defenses of a vast empire that is constantly under threat.4. Trains - It is a lot of fun to build a properly signalled rail network, and be surrounded by your trains whizzing back and forth in a signal-choreographed dance.5. Open world in constant motion - This is the only open world game I know of where the entire open world is continuously in motion.  All aspects of the world continue even if the player is very far away.  This even includes combat.If the phrase ""factory building game"" sounds like something that might interest you, BUY THE GAME ALREADY!I am *super hyped* for the 0.13 release."
,Recommended,427520,23657659,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Slappy Flapjacks,I love this game but PLEASE. STOP USING EVOLVE FOR MULTIPLAYER. THIS WOULD BE A SO MUCH BETTER EXPERIENCE IF THE PROGRAM DIDNT CRASH AND PARTY INVITES DIDNT WORK.
76561198003242228,Recommended,427520,31383995,Posted: 26 April,all,Wilq,this game is worth it's full price-biggest steam compliment evr
76561197969136070,Recommended,427520,31333829,Posted: 23 April,all,Sensitive Salad,I had a life once
,Recommended,427520,22098596,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jake,This is the game that I've always wanted!
,Recommended,427520,22325219,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Cebidae,"Paid full price, didn't regret it."
76561198006877208,Recommended,427520,31637028,Posted: 8 May,all,AK90,I love this game :P Keep an eye on the time though as it tends to disappear when you play this game xD
76561198029887620,Recommended,427520,31493723,Posted: 1 May,all,Breakdances with Wolves,A well-tended Alpha.  Well wroth the money in advance.   Huge user base.
,Recommended,427520,21619797,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,flaming heart,"from all those sandbox game i played(fortresscraft evolved,minecraft,eden star,subnautica,terraria....etc), factorio is a simple yet complex game.how simple it is?with some effort and some time to learn the mechanic, you can automate most of the machine in this game. just dont roam too far from your starting point...bad thing happened you know.now,how complex it was?automate everything from asembling parts to building a swarm of army drone to anihilate your enemy. does that sound complex to you? it was complex for me...anyway, i recommend this game for those who like challenge"
,Recommended,427520,31709903,Posted: 12 May,all,ssupp,nice autism simulator
76561198040917186,Recommended,427520,23462123,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SuperMarvis,One hour of playing factorio is actually four or five in reality
,Recommended,427520,31755571,Posted: 14 May,all,zaon,well worth the 20$ asking price
76561198133626535,Recommended,427520,31734618,Posted: 13 May,all,darren.pruitt,Brings out the OCD in all of us.
,Recommended,427520,31732488,Posted: 13 May,all,CarbonTugboat,"This game is a topdownlogicalscrewyourselfoverbybuildingthingswheretheyshouldn'tbelateron-them-up game with a detailed system and a huge tech tree. I love building factories and watching everything come to fruition, even if it took an hour to make something so simple as an automated sience pack maker. The tech tree is interesting and complex, and you can see what is needed for what all the way down the line. Even discovering that half the building needs to be rebuilt to house one or two new objects is fun because it means you get to build a new factory (sometimes; it depends on the size of the construction). Over all, this is a great game, and well worth the twenty bucks."
,Recommended,427520,31804617,Posted: 17 May,all,Jordan,"If you are reading the reviews for this game, just buy it already."
,Recommended,427520,31794768,Posted: 16 May,all,Wouter,"I love the game.Very active dev team.Worth every cent. (If I knew how much I loved the game before I bought it, I would have easily payed double for it)"
76561198041050047,Recommended,427520,31777319,Posted: 15 May,all,Tim The Table,"ProsVery active developersHard by defaultCheap for so so so much contentNo DLCsThe attention to detail is insaneA potato can run itModsSo much to learn!Offer free demo to try it outBut im an♥♥♥♥♥and didn't realize so I pirated it for like 3 months and kept an eye on the updates to make sure the devs were actually active and were serious about their game before buying it for myself and a friend.ConsI had a family onceEarly access.Well Polished game that apparently isn't even done yet!The quit button has an annoying bug where it causes my life to go back to sucky mode, can the devs please fix this?Hours go by like wait, it's still 10am right?I used to rate it 6 / 6,now I rate it 18 / 18.Just kidding, I need more iron."
,Recommended,427520,32040639,Posted: 29 May,all,FadeofRuno,"An amazing game to build bunch of stuff and automate the things you would like to produce! Eventhough I have 71 hours on record(not that much for many people out there) I just can't manage to create a organized production line =D Jesus everytime I start it ends of being a total mess in a small area.The developers just update the game over and over again making it even better! I did not encounter any bugs or any performance issues.It will make you addicted. I know myself playing it till 3 am. and  question ""what am I doing with my life..?"" Then I stare back at the screen with a sh*t mess of a assembly line I have and be proud of myself.Overwhelmingly addictive, and exceeds expectations!"
76561198032936033,Recommended,427520,21995504,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Shmovie,It's everything Captain Planet warned us against.
76561197986691506,Recommended,427520,24217132,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Koorg,Everything you ever wanted to do automize when playing Minecraft but was overloading the game :)Still have to master a lot of production patterns... can't wait to try coop !!
76561198010723252,Recommended,427520,31460658,Posted: 30 April,all,Kosmeow 「ZA WARUDO」,"This game is an excelent example of Early Access done right. Each published version is fully functional game to the point, I must've checked if it really was still early access like a minute ago.Game is really fun. Especially if you're a programmer, you'll find many similarities. But don't take my word for it. There's a demo up there on the store page, go check it yourself!Devs are actively working on the game. During one week after the experimental 0.15 version came out, we've got already 4 hotfixes. (@Edit: 5 now. 0.15.5 has just been released right after I wrote this)Speaking of hotfixes, I have yet to encounter any bug in this game. Devs know what they're doing. Every bug I have heard of was caused by something incredibely small and was so specific, you'd propably never see it happen during your regular gameplay.Community is great. If you're by any means familiar with reddit, visitreddit.com/r/factorioand see by yourself. (Devs are frequent visitors as well)And last but not least, FFF - Factorio Friday Facts. Devs are weekly releasing articles on their blog, in which they're describing game mechanics, developement state, bugfixing and so on. It's very interesting to read and can give you an insight on how the game developers are working.Now, go check the demo!"
76561198030775104,Recommended,427520,22112961,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Armegeddon,This game is amazing.   If you loved Railroad or Transport Tycoon this is a must have.   The gameplay is great and there are so many quality of life enhancements that make you think that the creators must actually be gamers for a change.  My only complaint is the apparent lack of bridges to get over water.   Maybe I just haven't played far enough into the game (20+ hours in) but it seems like if I can build flying robots I should be able to build a bridge over water...Still...   10/10 would build again.
,Recommended,427520,31493232,Posted: 1 May,all,C-Radical,"I don't have time for a review, I have to optimize my factories"
76561198089485434,Recommended,427520,24785413,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Vytalessence,"This has has addicted me like nothing I've seen in years.  Well made!Multiplayer has been very enjoyable as well, and technically I've yet to finish the game due to starting new and better maps, making the setup bigger and better each time."
,Recommended,427520,31524901,Posted: 3 May,all,Terkhen,"If you like designing and optimizing, this is your game."
76561197960456356,Recommended,427520,31528697,Posted: 3 May,all,Atlan,Best game in my steam library
76561198041830504,Recommended,427520,30062370,Posted: 20 February,all,Joekel de Schuimtol,An overall great game. Very intuitive user controls and it just burns through the hours.
76561198215347459,Recommended,427520,22847597,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"perfect, 10 out of 10"
76561198046530973,Recommended,427520,31489663,Posted: 1 May,all,-@Davor,"Railroad tycoon with factories, conveyor belts, guns and aliens. What's it there not to like. Game is fun and addictive. Don't buy it if you plan on having a life in the next few days."
76561198160740923,Recommended,427520,31475264,Posted: 30 April,all,OverDue,it's my ocd
76561198079367479,Recommended,427520,31410582,Posted: 28 April,all,Lucius,Don't buy this if you have important things to do.
,Recommended,427520,23304218,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Gigawolf,"I want to preface this review with the fact that at the time of reviewing it this game is still in Early Access. That being said the game(for the most part) does not feel like it is in early access.This game is very good is you like resource management. If you hate that kind of thing you should probably look elsewhere. This includes your time as you will be playing and it will be 8pm, next time you check the clock you realize it is 530am and birds are chirping outside.Although the graphics make the game look like you're playing starcraft 1 and the gameplay is rather simplistic there is tons of things you can make.You're goal in this game is to make a self sufficient factory that increases in complexity as time goes on until you can finally make a space ship(which generally signals the end of your playthrough). That said replayability is up to the individual. Some people may want to try again and make their factory more efficient or less polutant(the cause of aliens attacking your factory) but I definitely could see some people may find this game lacking in replayability.What truly makes this game satisfying is when you complete a section of your factory that automates something you previously had a lot of trouble making. An example being at the beginning of the game you find yourself manually making lots of conveyor belts to move your resources around. Conveyor belts require iron plates and gears(which are made from iron plates). So to make a conveyor your character has to have multiple iron plates(made from smelting iron ore in a furnace) and spend several seconds making a small stack of conveyors. Eventually you will have the iron being automatically harvested, smelted, split into two groups, half of it made into gears and then combined to automatically make more conveyors. It feels so satisfying once you put all those steps together to make something truly automated. And the best part is you design every aspect of the process. You're the one who gets to decide how to lay out all your assemblers and furnaces in the best way to utilize your space efficiently.Multiplayer is the way to play this game. It is so much fun with a group of friends.This game will run even on my girlfriends potato of a laptop so if your computer runs it will be able to run this game.I definitely suggest this game to anyone who likes this style of resource management. Very good game!"
,Recommended,427520,31414127,Posted: 28 April,all,LeVigilante,I keep dreaming about conveyer belts now wtf.
76561198038708543,Recommended,427520,21541970,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,mahlad29,Absolutely in love. Will be one of my all time faves. For those of us with a little imagination and a natural draw towards engineering you will loose yourself for hours on end in the masterpiece.
,Recommended,427520,31398611,Posted: 27 April,all,shark,Cracktorio.
76561198051431172,Recommended,427520,31399678,Posted: 27 April,all,DANGER NOODLE,How to lose your job and family in just a few simple days
76561197986048179,Recommended,427520,25880969,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Chef Gordon Ramsay,One of those games you start on a wednesday night and when you look at the clock again its 8pm friday- loved it
,Recommended,427520,29439646,Posted: 23 January,all,Snake,ive played over 100 hours and still have no idea what im doing
,Recommended,427520,22668984,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,General SwagMonster,I just ran over an entire town of natives with my tank so I could take the oil that was there10/10 would 'merica again
76561198019052164,Recommended,427520,31002925,Posted: 7 April,all,StepUnique,This is a real godsend. Strongly recommended.
76561198133458895,Recommended,427520,22232576,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,⚓Captain the Olibear⚓,build a great wall and make this factory great again!
,Recommended,427520,31442383,Posted: 29 April,all,naked_poop,buh-bye social life
76561198154322202,Recommended,427520,31594059,Posted: 6 May,all,bradgers,"just amazing, never had more fun having to destroy hours of work becasue you see a better layout and the fact its still early access just means its only going to get better 100% reccomended."
76561198031027183,Recommended,427520,31585539,Posted: 6 May,all,lacanseven,Super fun and addicting.  10/10
76561198009422585,Recommended,427520,22225088,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,我是一个老外,Taught me more about engineering and optimization than University!
76561198199405230,Recommended,427520,31566096,Posted: 5 May,all,BIGCOUNTY2235,Love this game. I got it at the begining of Jan. and have put over 600 hours in it suprisingly.
,Recommended,427520,31469134,Posted: 30 April,all,Diesel,"The developers of this game are very good; they listen to the community, the update regularly, they give information on the update they are planning to release and tell us their thought process, updates are usually incredibly polished on the first day they arrive, bugs are removed within one hour of release, updates go through an experimental phase (and the developers actually change it unlike most beta cancer updates). This is the only early access game I have hope will do well and will actually be finished on release.The fact that the developers are good is a reason to buy the game alone, especially how scarces good developers are."
,Recommended,427520,26850278,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrTime,Destroyed my school life and will destroy my universyity life. Best Drug ever....
76561198017061379,Recommended,427520,23910704,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Tor,"Innovative game with a satisfying balance of resource management, base building and survival.Also has a healthy dose of puzzling and optimization.+ Core gameplay mechanics are well desgined and fun.+ Custom written C++ game engine with great performance.+ Integrated mod support and an active modding community.- Attacking alien bases is lacking in the game's spirit of automation.- Vehicle controls are clunky and should be smoothed out."
,Recommended,427520,31511094,Posted: 2 May,all,ScienceMarc,Stop looking at the reviews. BUY IT! It's litterally the digital equivilant to cocaine. You may loose a few weeks or months of your life.
76561198083381921,Recommended,427520,24713579,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ZorangeZorange,"I don't even know why I'm so addicted, but until I can get enough of these horrible circuits on my trains to keep up with module production I don't have time to find out."
,Recommended,427520,24746661,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Contemo,I may have played it a little.
76561198083673312,Recommended,427520,24800399,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ianator,"Factorio has made my life 10x better...But wait I just realized I have no life because I play Factorio...8/8Seriously though if you like a game that you can spend hours upon hours on, then this is the game for you!"
76561197998447271,Recommended,427520,24806734,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Coastermonger,Absolutely phenomenal game.  It does a great job of progressing you from nothing but a pickaxe into a fully automated metchanical empire.
76561198012770378,Recommended,427520,24808095,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lazerus123,"200 hrs was my First playthroughand this D@#^ thing is still in arly Access !!!!If you buy it, be prepared to be here for awhile :)"
,Recommended,427520,24821767,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Cheesy McPizzza,"I (in my yound years) was fasinated by redstone in minecraft, but this... is just PURE AMAZING, belts, automation, turrets, automation, ROBOTS, and more automation makes this a game for logic thinkers and well just perfect in my mind.AND THEY HAVE TRAINS."
,Recommended,427520,24827536,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Factyrio,Amazing. Must buy. now leave me alone I have a factory to run.
,Recommended,427520,24834054,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sir Georgington,I like trains.
,Recommended,427520,24892908,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Drumber,Amazing game and also my head hurts.
,Recommended,427520,24938136,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Chrysalis,Didn't heed the warnings of the other reviews.Played it for 7 hours with a friend we didn't even stand up once.
76561198246185264,Recommended,427520,24939507,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,leelustig,"Good lord. Avoid this game. Not because it's bad, but because it's so unbelievably good that you won't be able to resist pure addiction.  Wow. Just......wow. Wube, you guys nailed it."
76561198003951110,Recommended,427520,24942140,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Naverin,Addictingly fun game!  Very easy to get lost in for hours at a time trying to zig zag a maze of a factory into building things.Development seems to be doing regular updates and the community is great.
,Recommended,427520,24945512,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Isaac,10/10 one off my fave games of all times so fun you can can get hours and hours out of the this games would defently buy would play in experimental mode for online with your friends
76561198121610123,Recommended,427520,24945673,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,gay.com,Factorio gameactorio gamectorio gametorio gameorio gamerio gameio gameo gamegameamemeebembeamberambearambeHarambeDank.
,Recommended,427520,24947605,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Azural,Just... just buy it... no really... just pull the trigger...
76561198188219454,Recommended,427520,24955957,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,sr.benn,it is a must play!!you will need some mods in midt/early game (lack in content)but it is easy to download :-)
,Recommended,427520,24983928,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Gardian20,"Imagine if Mark Watney had the ability to industrialize Mars in order to make a rocket to go home.  2 years later, the whole planet is covered in his machines.  That is Factorio.  Ruin an alien ecosystem and launch that subspace satalite!!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,24984742,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/GearGoblinGaming,I love this game. It does lose it's flavour after a while but the way I keep it fresh is challenging myself to new scenarios like a harsher environment or a goal of a much bigger factory. Or even sets of bases connected by guarded rails! I would reccomend this game any day to anyone. 10/10 ~GearGoblinGaming
,Recommended,427520,24992420,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lenny Barfighter,THIS GAME IS SOOOOO GOOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,427520,24992529,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Creech,"i LOVE the game. all the technical stuff just drives me crazie with joy. All the autimation time and effort i put in to the game is legit. i really recomend this game if you have enough money. it may seem fun when you watch people play it, oooooooh when you play it omg its soo fun. Even if you watched for a witle and you kinda got board watching, play it, its sooooo much better than watching. I know all you guys and gals want to do your own thing, so dont watch playit."
,Recommended,427520,24718761,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Armalyte,I bought this game to have something to do until NMS comes out. But screw that. This game is more addicting than crack cocaine.Maybe I just automate my life. Then I can just play Factorio and NMS plays itself automatically.
,Recommended,427520,24716526,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Pickled Child,"This game is complicated, but not in a bad way. In fact, at first, the game is actually quite easy, while getting exponentially more complex the more you advance.The learning process is fun and engaging, and I have found the community for this game to be incredibly helpful and approachable.Resource management, building factories, blowing up alien bugs. Theres something for everyone here."
,Recommended,427520,23044102,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Colonel Flanders,"Very enjoyable game, best 20 dollars I've spent on Steam. Very much recommended!"
76561197975487830,Recommended,427520,22232814,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Templar,You wanna know why to buy this game? In my current game I have OVER 7000  logistic robots running around my huge base that is surrounded by an uncountable numbers of biters. I have 0 and I mean 0 lag and  its only crashed like 3 or 4 times total. This game is still early access and plays better then most AAA games that I have purchased AND IT CAN ONLY GET BETTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you like this type of game you owe to yourself to get this one.
76561198046189191,Recommended,427520,22681182,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Timmy Jim,"Factorio is brilliant.  It really makes you think hard.  You have to be a supply chain expert almost to play the game (at least to build an empire like the ones in the videos).In way, the game is almost saddening.  You realize how energy dependent the world is in this game, and how resources are vital.Multiplayer also makes for a better experience!"
,Recommended,427520,23522478,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Foxstorm,"This game has devoured every spare hour of my life since I downloaded it and I love it! All of the reviews claiming that you will forget to eat and sleep are spot on. You will not see your loved ones again once commencing this.Pros:+ Really good demo covering the basics without too much fuss+ Endless options as to how to complete objectives+ ""God Mode"" available if objectives aren't your thing+ Multiplayer works flawlessly+ The map excpands limitlessly and the game doesn't miss a beat+ Excellent community and WikiCons:- I haven't slept through the night in about a week due to thinking about my next set of factory improvements"
76561198123276896,Recommended,427520,24956449,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FlyOnTheWall,Its a fun game overall.
76561198026506133,Recommended,427520,24980104,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Clueless,Digital Heroin.
,Recommended,427520,25014266,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,JPOSH,Hold up .builed up .kill aliens
,Recommended,427520,21973776,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Zaptrix,One of the fullets and most polished early access games for the price I've seen in a while. Anyone who likes Minecraft's Technic Modpacks or games sim city or even many RTSes would highly enjoy this game.
,Recommended,427520,21997489,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ratuple,.
,Recommended,427520,22029545,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,tibblist,I now want to optimize everything in my life. I can't stand inefficiencies and am losing contact with friends because I keep telling them how to work better.10/10 factorio better than RL
76561198013055491,Recommended,427520,22328660,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Konscience,Yes
,Recommended,427520,22745563,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Digaph,"I don't often run into a game that gets me as hooked as Factorio does. Game feels really stable, and it's the sandbox feel to it, the tower defense style of building an ever expanding factory and defending it against more and more angry aliens. This means you never sit still, and are constantly on the look out for improvements.After 200+ hours on record I can tell I'm far from ready to quit this game yet and therefor it bring back memories of similarly adictive games from long ago like Settlers, Transport Tycoon Deluxe to name a few.Don't let the outdated graphics hold you back, you'll soon forget about that, its the gameplay that matters and that's just supurb."
,Recommended,427520,22748265,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,General_Snus,"Its like a hybrid between minecraft, transport tychoon and sim city. This game is everything i would like to waste my days on (wich I currently am).Here is what you should do if you are reading this review and consider buying the game:1) go tofactorio.com2) download the demo3) play the demo4) enjoy the demo5) buy full game6) build rocket into space7) mod til you drop"
,Recommended,427520,22750901,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Lodley,"""Crack, the game""Very fun and addictive game play, lots of resources to manage and things to build.  This is an automation/factory simulator so if you don't like those games you won't like this.  If you like puzzle games this one adds a touch of danger by having enemies mess up your production lines.The graphics are not great but the visuals work once you get use to it."
76561198029990447,Recommended,427520,22750935,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Thomas J M,"Thee most addicting game I have played in a long while, gets a slight bit boring after finish research but has great replay value."
76561198197434070,Recommended,427520,22856679,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Boy,*Electric mining drill mines review**Raw review sent to furnace**Smelted review removed by inserter to conveyor belt*(Traveling)*Inserter places smelted review in assembler**Review assembled**Inserter removes honest review and places on store page of Factorio on Steam*10/10*Electric mining drill mines review...*
76561198057891232,Recommended,427520,23084567,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[BEW]SWAG m0unt41nd3wm33mzxP,"Factorio is love, Factorio is lifeIt will literally change your life.- your gonna dream about transportation belts- your gonna solve problems IRL the same way as in factorio- you will barely go outsideSo join us and have a great time.(Psst... Need help playing the game? I'm always looking for people to play factorio with and i would love to help you out ^^)"
76561198204250036,Recommended,427520,24143615,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rieka,"Oh my GOD is this a good game!!!!!!!!!PROSWaste any time you don't needThere's ALWAYS something that needs tweakingGloriously complex, with some help in craftingI almost never have too little of a resource (In fact, it's usually too much)CONS♥♥♥♥♥inNonePLAY THIS GAME999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999969999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 OUT OF 10 SPECIAL ♥♥♥♥♥IN STARS"
76561197977643878,Recommended,427520,34806501,Posted: 7 September,all,mwrusso510,10 / 10Ayn Rand would spend all of her time playing this instead of writing The Fountainhead.
76561197971486601,Recommended,427520,34585749,Posted: 29 August,all,Chuann!!,Incredibly addictive!
,Recommended,427520,34580382,Posted: 29 August,all,Zero2TheHero,I love the update to the textures and the addition of nukes but the logistics system with the requester chest and passivise requester chest is now unable to be obtained till really late game. Before this it was ok to get a logistics system up but it took time to get it running. I all for changes but that is a change that didnt need to happen.
76561198068534559,Recommended,427520,34136721,Posted: 9 August,all,bigzzzz2000,At first i didnt think i would like this but after a few hours i see how great this game is
,Recommended,427520,26427706,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jimmward,"This game is amazing, and you can easily sink thousands of hours into it. Definitely worth the money, only downside is all the sleepless nights...On a more serious note, modding is seamlessly integrated with the game menu and makes it a breeze, multiplayer is fantastic, and just the sheer amount of involvement this game has going on with it makes it a 10/10 in my book.You won't regret it."
76561198045565320,Recommended,427520,26429374,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,bensemus,"The game is great. The community is very alive with tons of mods and advice. The devs are great and very active on atleast on r/Factorio, don't know about other places but I would assume they are active on other places too. The game gets frequent updates and is amazingly stable. doens't feel like an early access game at all. I bought the game a while ago and would of been completly satisfied with its state back then. It has since just gotten better and better.One thing I would say is that the game can be a bit overwhelming. If you get it and find your self in over your head with a factory that just doesn't seem to work head over to the forums and there are plenty of people willing to offer help."
76561198308984949,Recommended,427520,26427232,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,dj27626,"10/10 more life ruining then crack, heroine and meth together. cant wait for the full game"
76561198086996465,Recommended,427520,26428999,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Strawberry McMuffinCakes,Best game i've played although i've only played around 5 hours. This game doesn't feel like early access at all. BUY IT!
,Recommended,427520,34878090,Posted: 11 September,all,Vic502,"I just can't stop playing!  If you like city-builders, management, logistics, base building, defending against aliens and researching tech trees, you'll love this.I played the (shortish) campaign, finished it, and thought, well, what was all the fuss about.  But then I started a Freeplay game and realised that the campaign was basically only an elaborate tutorial.  Freeplay is where the real gravy is, and there's a lot!The game is really polished for an Early Access title.  In over 50 hrs of play time, I'm yet to encounter a bug.  I also think I'm about 50 - 70% done with the game, so there's lots of meat as well.Two thumbs up!"
76561198239903562,Recommended,427520,34633968,Posted: 31 August,all,morgade,I just uninstalled this game because it was sucking my life away and giving me a serious case of OCD.One of my best purchases on Steam !
76561198144053809,Recommended,427520,34654621,Posted: 1 September,all,Wildhalfling22,love this game its a great management survival fighting game
76561198002774900,Recommended,427520,34798925,Posted: 7 September,all,Neferkare,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played in 30 Years of gaming. No, really."
76561198092974662,Recommended,427520,34802555,Posted: 7 September,all,aka.john.foster,"Love it.  It is hard, but in a good way.  It feeds my need for something engaging without requiring a top of the line CPU."
,Recommended,427520,34658993,Posted: 1 September,all,cyborg73x,"Absolutely fantastic, it makes you think really harrd and rewards you for doing so, the only thing i have against it is that I can't make it automatically write this reiew for me."
,Recommended,427520,34721432,Posted: 3 September,all,minercrafterovergrowther,"Love this game. Very enjoyable experience, plus when I just want to chill I can play 'peaceful' version (enemies never attack first), so this game is incredible and almost unique."
,Recommended,427520,34565288,Posted: 28 August,all,[Elite]rfrench19,"AMAZING! I've wanted this game for a while, didn't think i'd be to great, because im not very good at management games. I finally got it a few weeks ago, and it's the only game i've been playing, i love everything about this game and it really isn't to hard to understand. Theres constantly things on my agenda, things to fix, things to automate. It's always really satisfying when i work on automating many things to make just one thing after a while of working on it."
76561198008237598,Recommended,427520,34804139,Posted: 7 September,all,Umorusany,Thought that my factory would be too big and I'll beat the game too fast. Boy was I horribly wrong. Your factory is *always*too small and there's always room for more and more improvements.
76561198134816808,Recommended,427520,34849682,Posted: 9 September,all,StaySarcastic,"This is a very fun game if you enjoy Automation based games. It is definitely worth the money, although I would recommend playing with friends!"
76561198036095686,Recommended,427520,34701708,Posted: 2 September,all,Crafty666,So many things to do and so many different ways to do them. Sandbox at its finest. The dev attention is outstanding constant updates and open communication! I am sure many people have said I hope you have lots of time because you'll need it.  Easily waste an entire day just trying to progress and then realize that you need more of something in order to do it.  Love this game!
,Recommended,427520,34609585,Posted: 30 August,all,Titanic,"If you play Dwarf Fortress and immediately wall yourself completely off so that you can focus on building, planning, and managing your dorfs, then you would probably enjoy this game. Lots of micromanaging systems, resource gathering, and planning your sites. Pretty good fun, and seems stable and well fleshed out for an early release. Devs are still active as of late 2017 and the Reddit community seems vibrant around this game."
76561198101332055,Recommended,427520,33638087,Posted: 18 July,all,rmtuhy,best game I have played in a long time
76561198031951163,Recommended,427520,27943473,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Octhalion,"Excellent game. Highly recommended.Normally I wouldn't go for an early access game, but after trying the free demo (also on Steam) I decided to give it a go.Remarkably stable, even with huge factories it runs smoothly without error for hours and hours per session.After being finshed with the core game as it is now there is a lot of replay value with mods. These mods can be downloaded and managed in game! Some of these mods are of exceptional quality.The game is still being develloped with major updates a few times a year. Bugfixes come as needed, but are very fast. The devellopers even have a weekly blog on their website that also contains a nice forum.One warning: the game is addictive. It will swallow your time whole."
,Recommended,427520,33637512,Posted: 18 July,all,Ywer,"Good Game, Played waaay too mutch Time it ifIf you Like to Build, Defend and Craft, buy it"
76561198024861952,Recommended,427520,26601957,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DingleberryBurger,"This game is simply brilliant! At the start it seems so simple. A pick axe, you chop some wood, dig in the dirt, build a crate, build a burner, build a machine that can build a burner, make some conveyer belts, build a new machine that can build a machine that builds belts to get resources to the first machine that builds the machine that build belts...... After a sleepless night you are wearing power armor with a personal roboport, surrounded by conveyerbelts, underground conveyerbelts, lightning fast robot arms in all sorts of colours, flying constructor bots, solar panels, electric furnaces and train stations. You look at what you have created and can't even imagine how simple it all started. Then you start over because this factory is not fully optimized.Conclusion.. This is a fantastic and super addictive game about automization. If you like building, management, and having fun, this is for you. If not, you should still give this a try."
,Recommended,427520,32715971,Posted: 24 June,all,Snytax,"Love it, there's always something to do, you'll pretty much always feel that something need improving/expanding/moving. You'll constantly be improving your monstrosity you call your factory. The vanilla game will give you plenty value for your money as there's plenty to do. In the case you're starting to feel bored by the vanilla gameplay there's always mods that will complicate or simplify some aspect of your game to make it perfect to you. The only small downside is the aliens, in the beginning they're scary, but later they'll mostly feel like a nuisance as you're maintaining your walls and turrets. But as I said, mods can make them far more interesting and will keep you on your toes. In the case you simply feel to stressed out because of the aliens, you can always turn them off completly or put them on peaceful mode (which means they won't attack unless you attack first)."
76561198006664863,Recommended,427520,31517423,Posted: 2 May,all,Shrines,Love everything about this game from the play style to the endless-ness of it!
76561198319442522,Recommended,427520,33600922,Posted: 16 July,all,Direcub10,"This is quite possibly the world's best time sink. It starts of slow because in the begining because you're literallly making everything. Then you get to research where you have to automate science packs. then the game becomes waiting simulator 2017. But its good. Its fun because the fact its taking so long forces you to look at your setup and try to improve. the waiting inbtween researches is the time where  you get the most creative. That said, i highly recommend turning on a podcast in the background the keep you busy on the very rare occasion where your down time is actuallly down time."
,Recommended,427520,30494775,Posted: 13 March,all,Junta,"In a way this is a tycoon-style game with some Minecraft/Terraria influences.After crashlanding on a planet you start small, crafting primitive tools and doing things by yourself. But before long you are placing machines, interconnecting them with a webway of conveyor belts, trying to create a self-sustainable mechanism. Resources run out and you have to expand using robots to transport things short distances and a railroad to get things from afar.As you expand you wreck the nature around you, pollute air causing indigenous lifeforms to attack your factories again and again. As your machine empire evolves so do they, resulting in stronger enemies and bigger damage, Fortunately there's a variety of ways to defend what's yours. In the end you build a rocket to leave the dangerous place.Apart from freeplay there are also several tutorial campaigns available, explaining game mechanics as you go from mission to mission. The game also supports cooperative play and there's a large modding scene available, even at this stage of the development, adding more tools, resources, machines, enemies and weapons.The biggest strength of Factorio, much like with other tycoons, is when everything clicks into place and you see a huge, complex mechanism work without much of your input."
76561198028610113,Recommended,427520,25606522,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sarcasm_Duelist,"I'm a big fan of the old citybuilders that I can't seem to find good modern counterparts: Pharoah, Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom, Zeus, and Caesar.This game fills that niche and then some.Other reviews explain the game better than I could, but I will just say this:  You are alone.  No population, no bills or monetary budget.  It's easy to try new things because it isn't like your entire population is going to overthrow you if you didn't produce enough pottery this month.  When you place structures down, it isn't permanent.  Everything can be picked up again.  This means that constantly evolving, refactoring, and redesigning your city in this game is completely possible.  Heck, in some games I picked up everything and started over on the other side of the map."
76561198079354418,Recommended,427520,26935010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nipples N Cream™,This game may still have a lot of growing room but does it still have the potential to eat up hours apon hours of your time.
76561198272363991,Recommended,427520,30328323,Posted: 4 March,all,Calisthra,"Very simply put, you'll get the best entertainment value for the money you'll spend.Just a few quicl points;* The dev team is active, helpful and informative. Weekly progress reports never miss.* active modding community for every style.* wiki and forums full of base information as well as in depth instruction for the more advanced topics.* OCD? Beware, this will take it to new levels!Honestly, I've had more fun with this than most other games combined.. Can't beat that for the price."
,Recommended,427520,33683782,Posted: 20 July,all,S¤larCl¤ud,One of best games on Steam.   This is a must own.    Very active development.  Great mods.    0 reasons to not buy this game.
76561197978082583,Recommended,427520,33685159,Posted: 20 July,all,rusty_s_browne,What can i say i love this game have more then a few hours on it.
,Recommended,427520,33686141,Posted: 20 July,all,cmcspartan,"Base game is great. Mods generally improve it, given a technical mind."
76561198097998483,Recommended,427520,33686653,Posted: 20 July,all,xxxLips,"Fantastic game! It's like playing Terraria in an Age of Empires setting, but you actually have to think and plan. It's automation and plant design simple enough to build on the fly and learn by ""feel,"" but intense enough that you can pull out CAD and the spreadsheets to do some real work!"
,Recommended,427520,33646904,Posted: 19 July,all,noob,"As you can see i havent really played much of this game,But we are starting to make our first factory were mobs actually attack you, the first factory was very messy and we didnt do much, something i found about this game it makes you think unlike some other games such as shooters yes some use sense but this one really makes you dig down for our old factory we were playing on version 14 which was a big dissapointment but this new factory we updated to 15! and this game is getting better every single update it has never let me or my friends down when i first bought this game i saw the reviews so as soon as i jumped in and started playing, it lived up to it's hype!This is one of the best games to face planet earth.Should you buy this game?Yes. Games to amazing for wordsGraphics?Graphics dont matter in these kinda games there still pretty cool thoughRating:10/10 - Best game!Sorry for the bad grammar and spelwing,Goodbye!"
76561198067280940,Recommended,427520,33674540,Posted: 20 July,all,OxtenP,Basically my sushi train restaurant
76561198005866421,Recommended,427520,21534797,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Davidklk,great game if you like long production chains that you dont have to manage yourself. Once you set up a system you can more or less forget about it.
76561198047685044,Recommended,427520,21698765,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,chris.pretti,"This is one of the few games I will ever write a review for. This game, though not the highest graphics, make up for it in pure gameplay. I love to build, but without enemies and weapons I have always felt some building games lacked something. This one satisfies all my itches and then some.If you like building games, try this out. At a price that doesn't break a budget its a very good addition to any person's library if they like building games. One of the few games I mean when I say "" 10/10""."
,Recommended,427520,22123303,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,mike17032,"This game is incredible if you like building things and making them work.  Where other building games tend to be more about looks when it comes to how you design things, this game is all about how well what you build functions.Well worth the cost."
,Recommended,427520,22854260,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Smuffle,"Factorio is a great game with loads of content, and I love that they are still adding more stuff. This review will not focus on why I think the game is awesome, because there are thousands that will make that point for me. So instead, I will try to help you understand how you co-op.I've had loads of trouble trying to play multiplayer, and I've spent hours trying to fix it. I've tried Hamachi, Dedicated servers, starting my own headless server, and Evolve. Playing co-op wasn't an easy task, but finally I've managed it. For me what works was Evolve.Now I'm going to explain a little bit on how you do it.If you are doing it simple, install Evolve and form a party with your friends, and then connect to the Evolve host IP. No port needed, no portforwarding needed, just simple. There are also a lot of help found on forums and simple google searches for troubleshooting. The only problem I encountered with Evolve was that my network would not connect to the party. That was fixed through some weird stuff I really didn't understand, but it included setting a value number (0) on the Evolve Network.Hamachi, I never got you to work...Headless server: Now this, this was the problem I wrapped my head around for a long time. In short: if you do NOT have access to your router, you should probably skip this one, as it requires port forwarding. If you do, however, you would need two computers to host and play on a server. This is because one of the computers will function as a server, and the other as player. If you do NOT have two computers, but still want to create a headless server, you may want to google ""Virtual Ocean"" (have fun with that, not for beginners). However, if you DO have two computers, then it's fairly ""easy"". You just need to create a batch file that says: start /wait Factorio.exe --start-server ""YOURSAVEFILE.zip"". You do this in a txt document and save it as server.bat as ""all files"", not ""text files"". Then, start the server and you should be able to join it by using your IP address and the port: 34197 (unless you altered it in a config file). There are detailed guides all over the forums, so it shouldn't be too hard. However, you may encounter the problem that I had: ""Request for connection denied"", and something like another peers is allready in use or something. I didn't figure this one out, but I suspect it's due to my lack of port forwarding, which I can't do, due to school network.If you just want to play on a dedicated server, you shouldn't worry. Then just copy their listed IP and port. If there isn't any port, the Factorio port is as mentioned 34197. Example of full IP+port: 10.245.25.31:34197 (not real btw).So, to sum up: get evolve.Also, protip: beware of trains. They are more dangerous than any enemy."
,Recommended,427520,28577851,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,A confused teamate,This game is great. It's a great game about building a factory and blowing up aliens. It's just $20. 9.527/10.2415
,Recommended,427520,33750490,Posted: 23 July,all,gazymodo,"Waw just waw.The kind of game that seems simple... but is not.The kind of game that you feel may become addictive and for sure it is. I am dreaming of my production chains, my caterpillars etc.Just one of the best game I have played last years. 20 bucks well invested. Really good job to the team!!!"
,Recommended,427520,33752219,Posted: 23 July,all,weathery,I would recommend this game to almost anybody.
,Recommended,427520,33755477,Posted: 23 July,all,Greeniehead,"Extremely good, prepare to lose your entire life to this game.  It is well worth it."
,Recommended,427520,33749111,Posted: 23 July,all,teekeeus,"In this game, a man become polluter and looter, murdering to aliens, and native creatures on land whom do not want it to giving to polluter!!I'm make many gear, and many item.I'm give this game six gear out of 9 iron. this is highest score available."
76561198035563108,Recommended,427520,33756960,Posted: 23 July,all,I duck at Shooters,My game of the decade.In depth base building with lots of different ressources.Hostile aliens or Peaceful mode.Working multiplayer/coop.A healthy modding scene.And always something to optimize or grow in your facility.
,Recommended,427520,33716044,Posted: 22 July,all,Silus,"Factorio is a game I never thought I would purchase, I was convinced by a friend that this game would be a good time-sink for us and so I thought stuff it lets give it a try, 250 hours in, I am hooked. Factorio is a game that drops you into a 2D world where you have to survive. the twist is the game is heavily geared towards you creating automated machinery to aid you in your expansion and survival of you and your machines, these machines then evolve as you gain more knowledge, you then learn how to use your resources and create more valuable and efficient machines, and it never stops, when you go to sleep, you will see conveyer belts, turning... turning, always turning... anyways, this survival game has an optional ending, to launch a rocket into space, but how you do this is completely up to you.Pros:- Extensive amount of things to build and create- Plenty of upgrade paths and research to conduct to increase your efficiency and output- The natives do not like your machinery, so build defenses, which are really fun- Great fun with friends- Actually a game that gets you to use your brain and think about designs, optimisation and flow of your factory- You can automate literally anythingCons:- Setting up multiplayer can be a hassle- You will have no more spare time- You will see nothing but conveyer belts when you close your eyesOverall, Factorio is a fantastic game, As someone who very much loves shooter games, I never thought this game would appeal to me, but It's a great game to sink too many hours into too quickley, great learning curve, very enging and most of all, replay valuable is virtually unlimited, I would rate this game 4.5/5, it has kinks, it has the odd problem here and there, but Factorio is a great and decent game for those who have way to much time on their hands."
,Recommended,427520,33535230,Posted: 14 July,all,JeyJeyKing,It gives me automatogasms.
76561198160063531,Recommended,427520,31381710,Posted: 26 April,all,soy1313,9001/10would make 25000 tanks again
,Recommended,427520,33709687,Posted: 21 July,all,Hollow,"I used to play other games , Rust, OverSquanch, H1Z1, and several others. Then I got factorio. factorio is spice. spice is life."
,Recommended,427520,29311984,Posted: 16 January,all,Laughing Man,"I absolutely recommend Factorio. I follow Arumba on Youtube and years ago I came across his factorio series but was always bored by it because I didn't know what I was watching, but I made a mistake in waiting so long. I've found one of thse most addicting and time consuming games I've ever played. It really allows for creativity and ingenuity, and you have a different procedurally generated map each time so each factory will be different. If you're on the fence, buy this game, you will not regret it. When I go to bed at night I can't sleep because I'm thinking about how to make my factory more efficient."
76561197987809304,Recommended,427520,21606252,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Paddle,"epic and challenging , 20h in and barely scratched the surface"
76561198163288304,Recommended,427520,26719097,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sad Potato,"I don't know how to write reviews, i just know that is worth more than 100 hours of my life 11/10"
,Recommended,427520,21533627,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,AeroArchonite_,"This game is awesome. Buy it. That's all I can really say. There are 1,560 positive reviews and 7 negative reviews. That's about 220 times more positive than negative."
,Recommended,427520,21537560,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,JustinAsian,Yes.
76561198037887470,Recommended,427520,31833443,Posted: 18 May,all,Tungs10,"It is brutal, it is slow but very rewarding geting a factory working correctly makes you feel good then later you improve the factory then you run into new problems get anoyed and then fix it and feel joy so yea great game reminds me of programing in a way"
76561198197074628,Recommended,427520,29111593,Posted: 8 January,all,KeepItStreet,"Having had dumped around 50 sum hours in the first week of owning the game, I think it's fair to say that I enjoy the game; However, it does have it's pros and cons, like any game.Starting off with the CONS:*Multiplayer servers often provide very bad connection.*I'd imagine very frustrating if you don't know what you're doing (Look up Aavak's series: ""Factorio Beginner's Guide"", it's amazing)*Crafting times can be very long if you aren't prepared and/or don't think ahead.PROS:*A game that can provide an endless amount of entertainment*Fair-Good graphics*Procedularly generated world that isn't buggy**Very cheap for only $20, not $19.99, which I guess I kinda respect. Keeping it real.*Constant challenges and obstacles to keep you on edge*A very large amount of automation, logistical work, and killing can be done in very diverse ways.*As someone who isn't into tech and automation, I was hesitant, but this game makes complicated simple, while still giving experienced users a challenge (mainly due to them challenging themselves to do more)*There's always MORE to do, as I've said, the game keeps you wanting to do MORE, even though you may not need it.If you're hesitant, go watch Aavak's series (as listed above). Shen and Aavak really do an amazing job introducing and explaining the game.Also, there's an achievement for running over trees that's called: ""Run Forest, Run!"" Thought some might find that amusing, as I did when it popped up awhile back."
76561198006555408,Recommended,427520,33771070,Posted: 24 July,all,NickNitro,"this game is amazing, you just build and build.sound simple but you basically try to automate everythin and once that happens, there isn't anytihng more satisfying.it's a relaxing game that you'll end up spending hours on.I waited like 2 years for this game to be on sale and it never did. Don't wait like I did, it's worth full price"
76561198035723868,Recommended,427520,26626089,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ctkkck,"They have done a brilliant job making this game. The Developers are great, and are still going strong. The game itself offers much to do with lots of potential creativity. As someone else once put it it has essentially ruined its genre being such a good game. I can't even look at other similar styled factory games without thinking of this one, and I would rather play this one.It is worth every hour."
,Recommended,427520,21683292,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,perushinkov,"I'm not saying that's a game everyone will enjoy... But if any of you has that spark of engineering going for them, you are gonna love this game.Note that it has a somewhat steep learning curve, but it's really quite satisfying afterwards!"
76561198038424712,Recommended,427520,21682042,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,lunar_eclipse95,"This game is absolutely amazing. I haven't even had it two weeks, and yet I've logged... Well, more, than I probably should! Devs, I never review anything. And this game was so great, I just had to. You are my first! Now, on to the details.Things I love:The concept. Industrialize, automate, build, craft. Its enough to keep you busy forever.The flexibility. Again, you can do anything!Things I tolerate (Especially knowing they will most likely change and grow, this being early access and all):Targeting. Trying to run from them dang biters and shoot at the same time? doesn't quite work so well.Vehicles; There should be more! (Granted, I'm playing with mods, so I have more... but, like, vanilla, man.)The easiest way to sum this up: It keeps my mind (Which runs at a very fast rate) very occupied and very satisfied. There are infinite wonders and possibilities, and it's a game I will continue to play as you develop. Devs, great job!!!"
,Recommended,427520,21684683,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ColePram,"This game should not be listed as early access. I swore I'd never by another early access game again because I've had several promising games shutdown or take forever to be developed and still not be as interesting as originally advertised.I watched ad video for this game and was pretty interested, but resisted for several days because it was listed as early access. It happened to show up in my queue and I read a couple reviews. They seemed like shilling, but I was board and had a bit of extra cash so I bought it against my no early access game policy. It is a really good game.I played through the tutorial and started in on the main campaign expecting there to be issues, there wasn't.This game is a lot of fun. Unfortunately, it's pretty addictive and there aren't enough hours between having to go to work to play it.**Highly recommended**"
,Recommended,427520,23528086,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,r a s m u s,"This is the heroin of video game addictions. You ask yourself, ""How do I automate production of blue science packs? Sweet. now I can research tanks! But first I need to build a new iron outpost and get trains to deliver it. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm being attacked."" Three days later you're jobless and single thinking you only played for a few hours."
76561198031794636,Recommended,427520,33890103,Posted: 29 July,all,Cormoro,A great and addicting game.I would like to see a more in depth tutorial for the new players.
,Recommended,427520,30032690,Posted: 19 February,all,drfhfhn,"10/10best game everPS: you need more iron, never forget this!"
76561198063953468,Recommended,427520,29685337,Posted: 3 February,all,bgarris09,"So I started out as well all have hand mining some coal, copper, iron, etc.  With these materials I was then able to hand craft the tools needed to hand craft simple machines and transport elements.  Then automation took over ... machines that build other machines.  Then I discoverd the logic networks, the computer within the game.  The computer within this game is already capable of programmable visual indication and soon will have a voice.  I read an article a few months back that referred me to a video produced by a very clever user (Note that I refer to this person as a user and not a gamer, as the definition has become blurred in my mind) of this ""game"" and labeled it as Factorios final form.  It surely is not in it's final form and is still evolving.  This is an astonishing piece of work to date and I am eager to see the further evolution of the ""game"".  10/10."
,Recommended,427520,29745661,Posted: 6 February,all,Coasterfan312,"It can be a bit complicated at first, but it's a great game to sit and chill on.Be warned: it's pretty addictive."
,Recommended,427520,33868823,Posted: 28 July,all,Toxic,This game will probably never get old as it has an endless supply of replayability. If you want an interesting game that is challenging and complicated this game is for you.Dont worry what it doesnt have in graphics it makes up for in gameplay it is worth the full retail value and more.
76561198085779016,Recommended,427520,33869399,Posted: 28 July,all,CadaverWalking,"Possibly the most addictive game I've played! The deeper you get into this puzzle-strategy-resource-mannagement madness, the more complexity it reveals. Glorious!"
,Recommended,427520,21684180,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,iozjik,"Very intresting game, if you ever dream of large-scale crafting, you wouldn't be disappointed. It's game of long conveyors and huge factories produсing materials to build even greater factories."
,Recommended,427520,33691823,Posted: 21 July,all,ＳＴＲＩＦＴ,"cant stop playing this game. too addictive. honestly if you love tycoon games, this is a perfect match for you!"
76561198256011751,Recommended,427520,26209842,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Chaos_Gaming,We have to build the wall get all the illegal biters out and make this factory great again
,Recommended,427520,22729522,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Daruin,An amazing resource management game for you OCD types like me. :D
,Recommended,427520,22229704,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DynamicXYZ,"From doing all the dirty work yourself to having machines and robots do it for you really shows how the modern world today is improving little by little. Machines really do take the place of a human's job.So really, just sit back and relax!"
,Recommended,427520,30334267,Posted: 5 March,all,An Angry Kitsune,"Build, manufacture, automate.I love this. Even more fun when playing it with friends. Although after doing everything it can get a bit lacking...that's why there's community modifications that can keep the fun rolling for even longer!People should buy this and support development."
,Recommended,427520,21543333,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,STINGER,"One of the best Indie games i've played in years!Love the Art style, takes me back to StarCraft days.the base building is great and even better with friends, the hostile landscape gives you always something to think about when expanding and there is always a way to improve things.Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10Music: 10/10Ease of Use: 8/10"
76561197993345071,Recommended,427520,26468872,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sta7ic,"The name of Factorio's game is ""scale and automation"" -- you crash land on an alien planet with a wrench and the ability to research/develop automated factories, conveyers, and turrets.  The freeplay goal is to launch a satellite on a rocket, or just to see how big of a factory you can really make.This is a definite strategy game, with the scale growing from 'chop trees' to 'arrange assembly chains' to 'stamp blueprints out for wire-and-circuit factories'.  Vaguely like Supreme Commander meets tower defense, instead of major combat.If you don't like alien incursions, there is an option to disable them in freeplay, which is the #1 complaint I've heard from friends."
,Recommended,427520,23669964,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Michael,This is the best game that Steam has to offer.  I suggest you take my word for it.
76561198149611974,Recommended,427520,33257711,Posted: 4 July,all,MisterDre,Great game!
,Recommended,427520,26124730,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Moose,Tried the demo and thought it was very interesting. For $20 its a great way to melt some time.  The more you play the more complex ideas you can come up with and exicute. I stongly recommend.Edit:I have sunk a lot of time into this game and I cant say I have any complaints at all. I absolutly love Factorio!!! The devs are AMAZING! they update regularly and keep us players in the loop about what they plan on doing. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF BABY JESUS BUY THIS GAME... but be warned... this game is addicting
,Recommended,427520,31663225,Posted: 10 May,all,cogoga,"Factorio is the kind of game in which the limits stem from your own ambtion. If you enjoy coming up with solutions for problems that only exist because you were trying to solve something else, this is the perfect game for it.Can't recommend enough."
76561198025005418,Recommended,427520,25157998,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,dan,8 hours seems like a good length for a game. How did I manage to play this for 80 hours and I still want more?
76561198053883027,Recommended,427520,25159784,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ladme,"Linuxsteam version for some reason doesn't run well on my ubuntu, but non-steam version works just fine.Despite this little incovenience is Factorio well worth its price. It's my most played game since Minecraft and I didn't even start multiplayer yet.So this is what I recommend you to do: click that ‘Add to Cart’ button. You won't regret that decision.Bonus point: Developers are, unlike many (looking at you EA, Ubisoft and Hello Games), really honest and fair people (just look at that price, just look at that ‘Download Demo’ button, just look at their communication with fans). They deserve to be supported."
76561198119729419,Recommended,427520,31875088,Posted: 20 May,all,the skateboarder Dom DeLouise,"this is probably the best game for single player and coop in-the-dark games i've played yet. my one nit pick about it is that science branches don't really feel like branches. there are near manditory things to research at the start, but after that, it's really just study one thing at a time. if i could ask for one thing to be added to this game, it would be a way to run the game entirely eco friendly or at least as eco friendly as possible. it would make for an interesting way to play considering pollution is what the bugs attack for. other than these minor things, this is an amazing game waiting to take hundreds of hours from you and, in return, quench that engineering thirst one belt at a time"
,Recommended,427520,30876687,Posted: 1 April,all,English Imperialist,"10/10 Would Recommend:Here's my PERSONAL experience.-Had a leisurely trip though space in my rocket.-Had minor difficulties landing.-Landed with my ""Worker"" intact.-Forced My Black Worker to construct things for me.-I am British.- Felt Nostalgic.-Dominated the world.-New British Colonial Empire Stage 1 Complete.- Step 2 Build Another Colony.-Genius..."
76561198059060672,Recommended,427520,21490791,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,_Dummkopf,absolutely amazing. in an Engineer and this game is amazing for problem solving and developing algorithms to ever changing problems and work loads. 10/10
76561198136901795,Recommended,427520,24266650,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JayPee,Colonialism and Genocide: The Gamewhy is it so fun thoughEdit (April 2017) Genocide no longer mandatory! Yaaaayyyyyyyy!!!!!
76561197993296926,Recommended,427520,23953640,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Necrochamp,I laughed at all the funny reviews about this games additivness... now all I do is play Factorio. Gives me that same Dwarf Fortress feeling.
,Recommended,427520,23952895,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rajunen,Over 200 hours of building factories and roleplaying a Captain Planet villain. This game is like crack.
,Recommended,427520,25360011,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jix,Did you obsess over automating everything in Minecraft? Was the whole game really about creating complex sorting and resourcing gathering contraptions? This game will be crack for you. 70 hours logged in the first 5 days of owning it. Buyer beware.
,Recommended,427520,21974457,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Grenadith,"There's something about this game that makes you really not want to stop.  You'll see something that needs work, which will lead to other things that need your attention, and before you know it, you're building massive rail systems because you needed to upgrade your shotgun.  Very high replayability.  Actually, it's even more fun to play the second time around, because now you understand how to be efficient.Definitely a must-get game!"
,Recommended,427520,31397841,Posted: 27 April,all,-Ｔｈｏｍ,is ok
76561198041022047,Recommended,427520,25640206,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,cid.kampeador,"This game is just awesome. It has been one of the best surprises I have had in the past years. For sure one of my favorite games of all time. If you like science or engineering, if you like strategy, resource management, if you like trains.... The question is if you like any of those you'll love factorio, if you like them all prepare yourself for hundreds of hours of pure delight. I can't tell you more because you ahve to experience, but I'll bet the 20 bucks that it costs that you'll end up thinking it is such a cheap game! Also to mention the developers and the comunity are fantastic."
,Recommended,427520,33794923,Posted: 25 July,all,dillanp02,"Got recommended by a friend, and at first, before i bought the game, i was skeptic about how good a 2d builder game was, but it has surpassed all expectations. So addicting and with so much more potential on top of what is already an amazing game. I have 75 hours on it and am still have new parts to discover. Money well spent!"
,Recommended,427520,34054630,Posted: 6 August,all,Affectivate,Great Game!10/10
76561198091474445,Recommended,427520,32716026,Posted: 24 June,all,galstore8642,"This is a an excellent game.  I would have to give it a 10 out of 10.  The initial challenge in the game is to get the raw materials from the ore fields to the smelters.  After that, the challenge is to transport the basic products (gears, plates, science packs, etc.) to the assembly machines and labs so you can build your armor, weapons, railroad and eventually a rocket silo.  All the while, you are being attacked by the alien critters.  To win the game, you build a rocket to launch into space.  If you are into base building games and are OCD like me, (just kidding), this is your game."
,Recommended,427520,34002982,Posted: 3 August,all,Totalthunderz,"The game itself without mods or multiplayer is enough to keep you entertained for hundreds of hours. The devs listen to the community and act on our suggestions, the updates may be kind of slow but with that comes great quality and few bugs and the community its self is incredible (shout out to r/factorio).Factorio is the sort of game where you think ""oh ill just play for a few hours before bed"" but then you find yourself 15 hours later at 3 in the afternoon the following day surrounded in coffee still trying to optimise your ♥♥♥♥ing science automation and oil setup, but in the end its all worth it when you finally launch that first rocket after spending upwards of 100 hours on the same save file.Oh wait there are mods... This is why i almost failed my college course...10/10 would stay up all night and almost ruin my life again. :)"
76561198212772048,Recommended,427520,33995709,Posted: 3 August,all,[T_S_W_A ] Veteranturtle16,"Really addictive, great to play. Good to get a good chunk automated and leave it to run.Definitely recommended.Ist gud."
76561198019011371,Recommended,427520,33893517,Posted: 29 July,all,Necro Baker,Um.... gah my free time. I haven't been this addicted to a game since Oblivion. Send help.
76561198006622834,Recommended,427520,30672163,Posted: 22 March,all,bleubleu,almost perfect building game !
,Recommended,427520,21826894,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Cajtarth,"Disclaimer: At the time of this writing I haven't completed the ""win condition"" yet. Yet.Factorio is a game for which I have been waiting a long time. It can be a bit confusing to get started but if you can get past the somewhat bumpy start (the tutorial helps with this but I still had to do some outside research on some mechanics) there is a very addicting game waiting for you.The premise is that you are crashlanded on an alien planet and you have to build a rocket to get off. The start certainly sounds simple. ""I'll get some coal and some drills and some smelters and smelt iron ore into iron plates!"" Things are going great. And then the game expands on that concept and expands on it again and what you end up with is somewhat of a logistic puzzle game involving transport of materials, designing assembly lines, and trying to balance all of your resources between everything you are using them for. Then the iron vein you were mining will run dry and you'll have to find a new patch and figure out either how to hook it in to your existing factory or tear down what you have and rethink how you were doing some things.And all of this is made much more interesting by the research tree which, while a little too fast if you automate it correctly, consistently unlocks new technologies that make some things easier but also adds new problems to consider. So far I am most impressed by the train system in this game which made getting distant resources a lot easier, but also made me have to redesign how my resources were being transported because I, of course, didn't plan for having a train run into my factory.And all of that without mentioning the multiplayer; so far I'm having a lot of fun with it. The multiplayer is just like the single player but everyone is building on the same factory. Currently there is no support for pvp or anything like that; well, you can certainly shoot at each other, but there aren't rival factories or anything (which I personally am ok with but some might be disappointed). No, most of the time, you are simply fighting your design, wondering WHY you put that conveyor belt THERE or the natives of the planet. See, as you burn coal and give off pollution, the lifeforms on the planet will become enraged and try to get rid of whatever is causing the pollution, so you also have means to defend yourself such as turrets and guns that you can craft.Finally, I just want to touch on the graphics. They remind me of an updated version of the graphics I grew up with in Starcraft, Deadlock, and other PC games in the late 90s and that's one of the things I love about this game.I highly recommend this game, but I also recognize that it may not be for everyone. If you are on the fence, be sure and try the demo!"
,Recommended,427520,34095561,Posted: 7 August,all,sidleyb27,"Very similar to prison architect gameplay wise. Not a game you can quickly finish though. If you are willing to invest some time into it, it can be very fun."
,Recommended,427520,34098431,Posted: 8 August,all,relax,Probably the best type of game if you like this type of game.
,Recommended,427520,34107333,Posted: 8 August,all,Cookie,"I bought this game played for an hour took about 3 months break and then played for 70hours in 2 week. Recommended a co-op playthrough to 2 german friends who had never played before. They were hooked in about 20 mins. I guess it's in there blood to love efficiency, trains and genocide. The modding support is incredible and now that you can play without port-forwarding multiplayer is alot easier to set up. 9.5/10"
76561198015957859,Recommended,427520,21975676,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Piano Mann,Really great game if you don't mind doing a lot of thinking.
,Recommended,427520,32902738,Posted: 27 June,all,gromenawer,"I use to live in a nice house. Had two kids, a loving wife, a garden. I liked to play guitar because I have sufficient free time. And on the weekends I worked on little side projects in my personal workshop.Now I share a crackhouse and sell other people organs just to be able to play this game."
,Recommended,427520,21637545,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bluebooksky,first day played 12 hours. The puzzle of this game is how much you can get done without doing anything at all. Its jaded (not sure if im using the right word) me from some games. I remember the first game where i choped down a tree and was like wow that tree is gone forever! I did that! Now I im not satisfied until eveything is done for me. how lazy I have become ^_^
76561198120363341,Recommended,427520,23455072,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Breet Wheels,'I wonder how I can make this more efficient' pretty much sums up the whole game.
76561198011520962,Recommended,427520,31453988,Posted: 29 April,all,Aquaman360,Literally 12/10. Although I have thought of ideas that you amazing guys could do on the game is maybe make another source of power. I was thinking maybe Wind Turbines; it would be 25% less powerful than a solar panel (45 Kw or somethin). And that's all I have that I think could make it better. You guys are doing awesome; I'm rootin for ya. :)
,Recommended,427520,29976402,Posted: 16 February,all,Ramdust,"Excellent, if you like micro managing"
,Recommended,427520,21627403,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,LucasDaGamer,Finally! A game that lets me be as OCD as I f*ing want! :D
,Recommended,427520,31453566,Posted: 29 April,all,M0rThden,Wonderful!
76561198100346382,Recommended,427520,23227366,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,cat16,"Ok, now I was litterally about to write a funny review when the game loaded and I loaded my save. ""Meh..."" I thought. I'll just write is as soon as I get the iron automated. And what do you know it's 10 o clock on a school night and I have to get off. ""Might as well just use what happened for my review"" I thought. And here I am now, save by the Quit Game button."
76561197972841052,Recommended,427520,25970054,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Huffmeister,It scratches an itch that I didn't know I had.
,Recommended,427520,25208545,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Famzilla,This game is incredibly addictive. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,427520,29470278,Posted: 24 January,all,Nightshadow,After all these hours played and i still havent launched a rocket. xD
,Recommended,427520,25787092,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[SR] Mindspectre,"I seem to lose 5 hours a time while playing this game. I've got a job, I've got a house, a wife, pets, obligations, bills... etc. etc. and yet here I am, wondering how I'm going to build an automation pipeline going for blue science, and then how I'm going to feed that to my labs just so I can automating my entire logistics chain.In all seriousness, this game has the perfect amount of steps between where you are, and what you'll be doing next. It has some great moments where you realize that you now have to rebuild an entire section because you didn't plan ahead. So while you're rebuilding that, you've learned a lot from everything you've done up until that point, and realize you can be more efficient about it.Graphics - Retro style, simple but clear iconography. A little fuzzy/low-res, but that's the intent. 7/10Gameplay - Deceptively simple. Some things require some search help. 9/10Music - I like the music, but the moods swing all over the place. 7/10.Overall - 9/10, now I just have to automate my lawn mowing, dishes, vacuuming...."
,Recommended,427520,29511182,Posted: 26 January,all,Crazycorgi,"Its great, Only if there were more campaign mode levels9.9/10-Crazycorgi"
,Recommended,427520,25582996,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bobblehead,I'm a programmer and this game is my drug.
76561198080005736,Recommended,427520,22642113,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Dragonfly,"I played this game for less than two hours and I was already enthralled. The task of figuring out a functional system amidst the chaos of conveyors belts and power cables makes an invariably difficult, but incredibly satisfying challenge for any kind of gamer. The aliens are rat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and will wreck all that you love, but the game itself is wonderfully designed. Don't think with portals. Build with Belts!"
,Recommended,427520,21932333,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Noctirvia,"If you have otherwise been put off by ""Early Access"" titles, do not be afraid to buy this game."
,Recommended,427520,21932371,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Pear,"If you are even thinking about picking this game up, just do it."
76561198125131763,Recommended,427520,22853488,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,eXiTe,Factorio was the solution to my gaming dilemma. It was just the game that I was looking for and now I'm addicted to this amazing game. I only wish that my steam friends could join my game via steam. Please impliment that option in the 0.13 update. I love the game! :D
76561198067044133,Recommended,427520,25157182,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sniper101x25,"Great game, lots of fun to play just watch the clock cause 10 hours will pass so quickly."
76561198097830693,Recommended,427520,33974776,Posted: 2 August,all,s4strom,"I've never played a game where I've wanted the game to play itself more than I play it. And I mean this in the best way possible.Just buy it, you'll love it."
,Recommended,427520,22119298,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Senpai FyZ1K,If you are looking for a review...Forgett it!There is only one thing you can do with such a great game!YOU HAVE TO BUY IT!Really the best game i played in a long time!10/10!
,Recommended,427520,25582890,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,theorangeangle,"Marvelous game! Surprised that this game is in alpha and not a full release as I have yet to come across a bug. The game is just so great and well thought-out. If you are on the fence about getting the game, try the demo! It's free and provides over two hours of gameplay. If you already tried the demo, you should already be in love with the game and be purchasing it now!"
,Recommended,427520,31267607,Posted: 20 April,all,NEON CITY/1984,"Cracktorio is the only way to describe this.Social life, work life, Factorio. Pick two."
,Recommended,427520,21930140,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,EpicGoogle,Its very easy to sink tons of hours into this game experimenting and improving your creations. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,427520,25630630,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Neosniap,"I once was a normal soul, used to playing hours on a world made by a programmer somewhere, and shooting things for experience. This began to bore me, and so as one will, I seeked an alternative. This game came to my attention, and has begun sucking time and thought out of the rest of my day. ""How can I improve?"" ""Where to expand?"" ""Why do I have so many mods?"" These questions plagued me, and I loved Factorio for it. Truly, a very addicting and worthy game."
,Recommended,427520,32189921,Posted: 4 June,all,skullkid333,"I bought this game today, ive already played it for 15 hours.Would make spaghetti out of conveyer belts again."
,Recommended,427520,32580731,Posted: 19 June,all,AdreNa1ine,HELP ME ITS TOO ADDICTIVE!!
,Recommended,427520,31300657,Posted: 22 April,all,XxHoboRampagexX,Software architecture and development in videogame form.
,Recommended,427520,22843457,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Firaxis Magyner,It is the best game ever.
,Recommended,427520,22843312,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Toshiro Mifune,I was getting my production going but then i got killed by a horde of bugs.10/10
,Recommended,427520,28444208,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,saruman did nothing wrong,"I wish I had more time in my mediocre life so I could focus on building the real robo-socialist empire for which everyone secretely strives.Also, ♥♥♥♥ the capitalist insects.PRAISE THE CONVEYOR BELT11/10 would be awake till morning to optimise green flask production again"
,Recommended,427520,30801538,Posted: 28 March,all,devyndamonster,"One of the best automation games ever. Not only is there endless gameplay in the vanilla game, but also a huge library of mods that can be installed easily. The dev team is also super awesome!PROS:-Lots of gameplay-Flawless multiplayer (50+ people with no lag)-Could probably run it on a microwaveCONS:-High learning curve (WATCH YOUTUBE VIDEOS!)"
,Recommended,427520,23929117,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Willtree8,Best game I have ever owned. also ruined my life. very tired now and I don't have any more friends :(
,Recommended,427520,27016510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Supercat,I Like/DIslike this game for many reasonsLIke Reasons1. Fun2. Addicting3. ExcitingBad Reasons1. Complicated2. Confuseing3. RepeatitiveThis game overalls is sort of good it does get repetive after awhile and once you do actually get the hang of it you can have a great time so if you were thinking about it buy it its fun :D
,Recommended,427520,28356161,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Second To Last,"""I'll stop playing once I reach [arbitrary goal]""- me, while playing FactorioSeriously though, don't buy this game if you really need to be productive sometime in the next week or two. Otherwise, just get the game."
,Recommended,427520,22785929,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Spooky Monster,"I personally enjoy factorio alot, it is a beautifully well crafted game with every thing you could hope for; Tanks, Trains, Cars, Aliens, Guns, Facotories, Turrets, a ""Berlin Wall"" of my creation. Tons of fun stuff and lots of replay-ability. A good comparison is Minecraft."
,Recommended,427520,24434428,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,PeñaColada,Masterpiece
76561198198374769,Recommended,427520,30793371,Posted: 28 March,all,Dominik .I[S]I.,Youre thinking about buying this game? Well then i would assume that you like to build and also like automation. Youre not sure if you really like those things? Get the demo and try it. If you like the demo its very likely that you like the real copy too. If you dont like the and its becauso of missing content then get the real copy as it has way more content and also theres mods. I personally like the game a lot and its definetly worth 20€ or dollars. but it also gets boring at some point. (which is totally normal for a lot of games) But it took over 200 hours before that happened. I really like automating stuff and thats also why i bought it. 100% recommended.
,Recommended,427520,31831572,Posted: 18 May,all,andrew,"Hugely addictive game. Highly recommended. There's no grinding in this game to get resources, the whole point of this game is to automate the boring stuff. Work out a better way to design your factory or jump in on the multiplayer games and see what other people have thought up. Lots of fun and it keeps getting better with the updates!"
,Recommended,427520,22385820,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Yann,"This game is insanley immersive. I reccomend downloading the Demo (it teaches you everything) and then you'll instantly get hooked, thus buying the full verison. I have 15ish hours and still have a long way to go before I'm done with the game! RECOMMEND A+++"
76561198117830219,Recommended,427520,33863267,Posted: 28 July,all,Spooky shellbeen,This is a good game but right when i was about to finish the game for the first time they change up every recipe for the science packs and i had to start over from the start
76561198093433638,Recommended,427520,33801137,Posted: 25 July,all,tatellrton,"The cocaine of steam games. Enjoyable, energy packed, and addictive. I had my doubts with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, and I still blame it for making me trust in them enough to get games like Stardew Valley and Rimworld (Both cancerous). Unlike those two, this one makes no pretense about having a poorly written half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥story. Its just fun. For once a dev incorporated crafting in a way that isn't tumor producing, but actually adds to the game rather than acts as bait for fat little kids with pickaxe keychains on their creeper backpacks. You owe it to yourself to check this one out. You get right into it, so the 2 hour demo window is a very good representation of what you'll be doing the rest of the game if you decide not to return it. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,427520,26925542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JeetTO,I dont understand how I lose 10 hours to this game
,Recommended,427520,26994748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dave From I.T.,"DAY 56:Factory almost complete. Ran out of copper. Haven't seen family in days. Send Ramen, preferably chicken.(Factorio addiction in a nutshell.)"
,Recommended,427520,28921830,Posted: 1 January,all,24601,"This game is a tinkerer's paradise.The basic premise is simple - you have crashed on an alien planet and need to launch a rocket so you can put a distress beacon satellite into orbit and hopefully escape the planet upon which you have crashed. The downside is that rockets are complicated and so you need to build a factory to (1) develop the technology level needed to build a rocket, and (2) actually manufacture all of the pieces of the rocket itself.The game itself is all about mining raw materials, smelting ore into metal, assembling parts to make either complete buildings or machines, or simply more complex parts which are sub-components for machines further down the tech tree. The manufacturing tree is wide and deep you can assemble some items by hand, but this will take way too long, so you build a factory to automate the mining and assembling of the machines you need to escape. Factory building is a delightfully fun exercise - you can be lazy and throw something together quickly, or you can try to optimize the layouts to minimize area and maximize throughput of the building. I log in for ""a quick play"" and suddenly realise that I've spent most of the afternoon playing, extending, optimizing, and diving into a some part of the build tree I've just reached.Mix in a little RTS and base defense to the crafting system - the aliens on the world you crashed on don't like the pollution your factory emits and will try to attack it - which gives some urgency to the game and some ""crisis"" events you have to react to.And you can build trains to move materials quickly across the (very large) maps.And you can build a drone army.And it has simple programmable logic elements so you can make add control elements to your factory, and all of the fun meta-game crafting tricks that allows.... and finally, the development team are still very active and releasing substantial updates.A really well put together package - highly recommened."
,Recommended,427520,24726968,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Styxxed,"I would say that Factorio is not only just some game.Factorio sets a bar that game developers should reach for.Graphics:- Good graphics and BEAUTIFUL animations for the objects that do move.- The lighting is great, and the night time really shows that.- The somewhat isometric pespective is executed perfectly.- Things like fire or explosions look pretty good, but if your computer is notthe best like my old one they can slow things down a bit.Gameplay:- The gameplay is amazing and can captivate you for long periods of timewhich is evident by the fact that some people have 1000 or more hours logged.- You supply stuff, you assemble stuff, you make guns, you make armor, youslaughter herd upon herd of aliens, you burn forests down, you pollute areasuntil it results in rapid evolution of aliens and they become giant behemothswith 5000 health compared to the smaller un-evolved bugs 15 health, andsimply engage is massive amounts of gore, and badassery.- The goal of the game is to make rockets basically.Multiplayer:- The multiplayer is very fun and you can make pretty good friends.- Sometimes laggy due to players from very obscure places such asthe surface of Jupiter trying to connect and then proceeding to getkicked as their ping is about 10 times the temperature of thesurface of the sun itself.- Griefers are present and you gotta be careful.Community:- Good, and nice people.- Mostly intelligent because this game actually takes some thoughtunlike COD.Optimization:- I ran this on a $400-$500 laptop and it ran fine unless it was near a burning forestso I think your fine unless your playing this on a baked potato.- My new computer runs this at framerates in the 100s :DOverall:- Badass- Motha♥♥♥♥in amazing- The most MLG game in human history- I r8 8 out of 8 m8 dont h8- Just a great gameBUY IT"
76561198040468615,Recommended,427520,21960446,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jeriacor,"Thanks a lot, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  I've got important things to do in my life you know...But instead of doing them, I build my factory.Every time I get a breath of satisfaction because everything is running smoothly, then a new technology arrives and I need to figure out what else I can make, and making those new things screws with my factory design, and I need to figure it out again.It's like an endless, ever changing, puzzle game--but unlike any other puzzles I've encountered before.You've ruined my life with this crack."
,Recommended,427520,35090177,Posted: 20 September,all,ysabidin,"if you like simulations , engineering, building your things, you should buy it."
76561197969861054,Recommended,427520,35097117,Posted: 20 September,all,mkhulu,Super addictive and entertaining
,Recommended,427520,30958318,Posted: 5 April,all,tupac,"96 Hours in:- Green circuit production optimized- Red and green science pack/research lab loop complete- Main bus construction underwayError:- Girlfriend lacking inputAlso:- Bugs just ate your symmetrical Steam Generator setupIf you're an engineer, you're off somewhere making money engineering things.  For the rest of us wannabes, this game is the cancer.1 / 10.... / 14 (shoutout to all you ratio addicts)"
76561198013965188,Recommended,427520,25665622,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,{FOX} Big Mac,"in 2016 i wrote a review for this game, i just played arround 20 hours of it, now i'm getting close to 300, and still this game is moving forward and the DEVs are adding awsome stuff to the game,in the beginning the game is easy, but later on the long run it gets a brain cracker, line mangement, train tracks running left right and every other derection, and hope your power doesn't give out and you get overrun bij the buggies.now with nuclear power the game gets a bit easier but still you need to do a sh*t load of work to get it, and then to keep it running.a few points i like about this game- your choice how to play the game and how fast you want it to go- DEVs keep supporting this even after so long- it makes you find solutions to problems on you own and rewards you with more problems- easy controls"
,Recommended,427520,30086666,Posted: 21 February,all,MetalGearZelda,It good
76561198121869717,Recommended,427520,26249573,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,izack.schnoor,"I have had this game for over a year now, it still remains my most played game.Extremely reliable multiplayer.Constant news from the DEVs.Steady stream of performance and graphics updates as well as new features.Highly active modding community.Always more to do.Always need more iron.If iron is not needed then you need copper.I neither of above, then its production.Playing with friends is an entire new experience."
76561198172920026,Recommended,427520,24592686,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Aonova,Why are you reading this? You should be playing the game already. Seriously.
,Recommended,427520,26984882,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ScottyWired,"Amazing game with frequent updates. v15 has been receiving bugfixes, content, and improved artwork on a near daily basis.Passionate devs who are rightfully proud of what they've made. (Which is why it never gets discounted)"
76561198219061593,Recommended,427520,31229386,Posted: 18 April,all,i lick cats,"its a grate game it realy is, i just got it played it all day right, but than i wanted to try to make somthing in creative so i exited out of the world {and saved it} and made a new world and played for a little bit, but than i wanted to go back to my other world so i saved agan but when i tryed to log back in to my world it wasent thair, i went to loads and nothing but the creative world was thair, so i raged for one sec, calmed down and now im righting this reviw this is truly a great game but the saving needs to be inproved. I know the devs dont read these reviws but plz try to fix this your game is great it realy realy isThanksilickcats"
,Recommended,427520,23260812,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Quantum,"This game is definitely a must. Launching a rocket will keep you busy for weeks, or you can use LUA commands and cheat. Nomatter what this game is great. Even better, it's beta so there is much more to come.Worth the $20.00"
76561198070472331,Recommended,427520,22241506,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bobby,this is a game you will from a factory building to aliens killing with mods the mods make the game awesome the main goal is to build a rocket and make a statelite and set it in space and win and this with the alien killing there are weapons like shotguns rockets and submachine guns flamethrowers and railguns (well only with map editer also about that) and you can make your own maps to play with and let other people do the maps you make too when you get this game. Have fun ;)
,Recommended,427520,25326395,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sgt Rob,"Incredible game and it's only (as of this review) in alpha!Solving logistical problems has never been so fun.There's a special feeling you get when you build up a factory from a tiny little mining drill/forge, up to a sprawling mechanical empire overflowing with a spaghetti mess of conveyor belts."
76561198294293780,Recommended,427520,29706769,Posted: 4 February,all,Creeps Da Fox,"I played it and thought it would be boring, but quickly got more addictive than Heroine to a Hooker"
76561197993752388,Recommended,427520,31801451,Posted: 17 May,all,Bedlambob,"This game is very impressive in it's ability for longevity, improvement and fun. It is challenging in lots of different ways, and each stage brings some new challenge to overcome.I started with a very basic factory which wasn't very good. I read some wonderful guides and would totally recommend Kathrineofsky's guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=754378586Having grown my first factory I managed to send a rocket into space - and had forgotten to add the satallite. oops.My second factory was big enough that I started to get attacked - so I had to learn how to defend myself and fight back.I'm on my third factory incorporating the knowledge I've accrued so far, but I'm now at a stage that I need to learn about trains so that I can gather oil from all around me rather than using pipes which I've done so far.I'm at 400+ hours and I'm still learning and growing and more importantly, enjoying the journey."
,Recommended,427520,34052050,Posted: 5 August,all,Sudonym,"This game fills a niche that I've been searching for in videogames since I first started playing them. If you want any of these things, this game is for you:* Build your own factory and design intricate logisitics systems* Automate everything and supersize your world without lifting a finger* Listen to an epic soundtrack while playing a mezmerizing game* Recieve frequent bugfixes and updates from extraordinarily caring, effective developers* Lose hundreds of hours of your life"
76561197968599992,Recommended,427520,21673266,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Silverbolttt,"This game took base building in a direction that just did it right. Worth every penny 10/10, Devs keep up the excellent work !"
76561198165463207,Recommended,427520,23282851,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jabacons,i love this game its so adicting
76561198176216989,Recommended,427520,25107839,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cheesygrinballoon,"Automate all the things :DOk seriously, this game is addicting, love it. It's about building a base, defend it from aliens and reaching for new items (and rockets). I just love it when i'm trying to lay conveyor belts at an unloading station when suddenly i'm killed by train :) . It's also moddable, such as extending player reach. I highly recomend it if you like trains, high amounts of machines to do your ""bidding"" and using defences to protect it all. it all. There's a command for destroying aliens, if you don't want to deal with them. You can automate pretty much anything in this game, even making rocket silos (if you really wanted to)."
76561198019196176,Recommended,427520,27621919,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jimmy69,"An awesome production oriented game, where you build different components for your goal to either build your rocket or play just for fun an admire the colossal production setups you've built. Once you get sucked in you will loose track for time and when you've noticed how much time has passed and it's waaaay passed your bed time, you will still want to fix a production setup here, or uprgrade your conveyor belts to drones there or delete an alien base that was messing with your iron outpost, maybe add a second train to that track, drone deconstruction here, drone construction there... By the time your finished with your project you will have to brush your teeth, get dressed and go to work. And the whole time when you drive to work, work, go to lunch, work, drive back home, you will be thinking about how to make your setup more effective.Oh for fu**s sake, I just got outta rehab from Minecrafts one more block and I'll go to bed."
,Recommended,427520,28418779,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ganymede the Birb,"This game is 100% pure cocaine for me. I can't stop playing this game! There's so much even in just the default game, its terrifying. Can't wait for 0.15 and future updates! Good job Factorio team, you just made me loose my life. :I"
,Recommended,427520,25403464,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PYROned,"I can relate to every single review.  You all make me smile.The learning curve is steep.  Once you figure out the basics, start over and max out the biter settings.  It makes it more fun later in the game.  If you can live that long!  :PAutomate more and grind less.  Unless you like grinding.  You can certainly do that too.There is a massive online following with every flavor of mods developed by very talented folks.I'm about to roll over 100 hours.  $20.00 / 100 = $0.20 per hour.  Few games have provided that kind of entertainment per dollar since the original City Sim.I stopped playing (gasp) for a month or two when the snow melted.  Now the grass outside is long but I have hundreds of solar panels to find a home for.  Sorry hunnyMy only wish is for more OEM offense and more things to do with pink biter goo.  Let my robot army load the rocket up with pink napalm and fire it at a biter base.  I don't want to win the game, I want to take over the planet!!!!... I can cut the grass tomorrow.Hats off to the developers."
,Recommended,427520,28037880,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LombaxGuy,This is a good game. Go buy it now.
76561197984807660,Recommended,427520,22959870,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The RusBus,It's pretty much an complex RTS where the complexity comes from gathering resources and making them into something useful and then making it all automative (instead of just clicking 1 button on a building).  You can craft pretty much everything (except smelting) on your character but when its automative its so much faster.  I found it to be very enjoyable and the enemies scale with you which keeps you on your toes (or you can just disable them/make them passive).The only downside is currently there isn't much of a campaign and it can be beatened in a day or two.  Hopefully in the future the campaign will be much longer.
,Recommended,427520,24570316,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,KETNAR,"This is easily one of the most addictive 'builder' games I have played in a decade, and it's not even freaking DONE yet.I did the singleplayer, its not even hard, still took me forever and a week, loved it the entire way. Then I went to play around in the sandbox mode, did the entire tech tree, which takes forever, but you have to solve problems and fine-tune your build and resource gathering and defenses and eveyrthing along the way..built my space ship.. launched it, woo!...AND I WANT TO GO BACK AND DO IT AGAIN, BETTER, SMARTER. CRAP I COULD HAVE USED WAY MORE TRAINS AND DRONES. WHY DIDN'T I USE MY DRONES BETTER? I JUST HAD THE COOLEST IDEA FOR A LOGIC-LINKED MULTI-FACTORY THAT COULD MAKE WHATEVER IS IN DEMAND.♥♥♥♥♥♥ MY BRAIN WON'T STOP.DON'T DO DRUGS KIDS,FACTORIO IS BETTER."
,Recommended,427520,32782755,Posted: 25 June,all,ThEliteCommando,"If you're reading this, then you're not factorio-ing hard enough.Ever watched How It's Made? Now take all the episodes and smash every episode into a single video game world, Welcome to Factorio.Side Notes:-Your character is basically a robot, you don't eat, you don't sleep, you don't use the bathroom, and soon, that will be you after you start playing.-Factorio logic is awesome, make a circuit board while carrying a platoon of tanks and ammo while collecting resources while shooting aliens while throwing grenades while running.-The complexity of the available mods (namely Angel's mods and Bob's mods) will make you want to pursue a degree in manfacturing engineering."
,Recommended,427520,34752019,Posted: 5 September,all,yung retarded,A friend and I had a 20 hour long session. Catch me at my funeral still playin this game from a coffin.
,Recommended,427520,34752379,Posted: 5 September,all,ThinkTank,This game aided my OCD issues in my life.Very well built with a never ending Strategic Building mechanic.Surprising enough it even has action.
76561198080072513,Recommended,427520,27823718,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kaho,"The one game that I have played and can actually call addictive. Screw the mobile games with thier cheap difficulty and such. This game makes you think! It's only as hard as you make it and it remains fun. Satisfaction factors are over the roof and considering it's still in early access, the amount of game content and game time instantly makes it worth the money. There are other more objective reviews telling you the pros and the cons and such but really, It may have flaws, but it is just a lot of fun. 20/10 with friends."
76561198275795175,Recommended,427520,34706164,Posted: 3 September,all,formanet,Great logical game about optimalisation and automatisation of crafting and researching new and new features in game just for fun.>D
76561198165870051,Recommended,427520,23133366,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Stack,"This game is addicting and a time waster. Have OCD? Well I wouldnt recommend this game then, because it will drive you freaking nuts.I have restarted about 12309123 times just because I think I can do it better. Every time I restart I get upset because I went from having everything back to square one.Love the game, hate that it has sucked my soul.My wife wants to kill me because this has consumed my life.10/10 would buy it again and again if I had too."
,Recommended,427520,21680949,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kally D,"Deep game, lots of mods.I'm a cheapskate, but I bought this. It's pretty worth."
76561198113633881,Recommended,427520,30416688,Posted: 9 March,all,goodkingparker,"it is great, not going on sale, buy now if you love making self running factories"
76561198033369462,Recommended,427520,30430566,Posted: 10 March,all,Buffalochips,I love this GAME! I can hardly wait to see what the Dev's do with it next as they listen to the community and the people writing mods for it.
76561198293773532,Recommended,427520,34071673,Posted: 6 August,all,edeska628,"It's still not even in 1.0 release, and I already have over 300 hours in this game... Yet I still feel like I'm only scratching the surface!  Such an incredibly deep and enthralling game, I couldn't recommend it more!"
,Recommended,427520,30424019,Posted: 10 March,all,Moped Martyn,"Endless fun. Seriously, it never ends."
76561198006658583,Recommended,427520,30421965,Posted: 9 March,all,yetanotherlancer,"This game is just ridiculous. There is not much complexity with the graphics as it looks like the first Starcraft with the 16 bit sprites and all. However that is the only con I'll probably write about in this review. Factorio is a simulation/building/realtime strategy game that draws you in with it's glamorous at first micromanagement, to the later on autonomous creating robot phase. The first playthrough I didn't get to the robots and I thought, hey... I'm having to do alot of manual labor here! The 2nd playthrough I had changed my strategy and started planning out my resource belts going to the forge making area, then those belts going to the productions lines, then those belts transporting to storage for later use items, and then those going to my future rail line power production area, and then those belts going to... Get the point?If you are the type of gamer who likes building simulations or micro management style games, this is the game for you. This game may not be for you if you have to have story or a goal driving you forward throughout the game. There is a campaign mode which assigns goals and I have played through the first 5 scenarios. Mainly just to get the hang of the basics. I will wait to play the whole campaign when the game is released in it's final form. Currently I've been playing in Sandbox mode. In this game you make up your own goals which become infinite over time because yes you guessed it... The map is an infinite procedural generated map with an unlimited area to develop with varying resources spread throughout. Enemies are present depending on how dense you set them in the map creation screen. You do have to set up defenses as these alien life forms do not like the pollution your machines are creating. Later on you can develop weapons and go on the offensive to wipe them out to prevent future attacks. Until you expand your factory to another area that is...Well enough rambling already! I've got to get my renewable solar energy powerplant blueprint going so I can assign my robots to expand upon my power grid! As my oil supply can't keep up and my local coal source is dwindling, I guess I should ask myself: Is it really 3am and do I have to go to work tomorrow?"
,Recommended,427520,34442975,Posted: 23 August,all,EggPlant,its 20$ instead of 19.99... 10/10
76561198321675914,Recommended,427520,31982593,Posted: 26 May,all,breriley1777,"What just might my new favorite gameFactorio is a great game overall, very stable. receives constant work, it will waste away at your free time and social life until there is nothing left."
,Recommended,427520,34740856,Posted: 4 September,all,Leothehero,"An amazing game, even in Early access (0.15) there is so much content! The devs are doing a great job, Binged 100 hours in one go, bound to play even more, 2 weeks in, Doubt I'll ever change this review except for status updates!"
,Recommended,427520,23518164,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,TommyGman0100,A beautifully hand-crafted game
76561198249551276,Recommended,427520,30658097,Posted: 21 March,all,Squerra,"Bought this game, played like 100 hours withing 1 week, completed 36/38 achievements, this game is really cool.Wish this game had more machines and more resources.i like how simple this game is and yet.. it can get so confusing and difficult to manage10/10"
76561198096892058,Recommended,427520,21497581,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,HumanFtw,"At first impression, I really hesitated buying the game, because it is in early access. After all, Early Access games on steam have been getting a mixed reputation recently. But after diving into Factorio for only half an hour, I was completely immersed in building up a manufacturing empire. Starting with just bare land, my base was a contraption that extracted resources and assembled different products. The threat of the aliens attacking your base gives a sense of urgency to the research and military mechanics, and gives the game a great pace that a sandbox game would otherwise lack.Now, having played 80+ hours, I really have an appreciation for how all the content works together. Even if Factorio was singleplayer-only and had no modding capabilities, I would still recommend it to everyone. The fact that it actually HAS both of these things makes the game appeal to a wider audience and gives even more replayability. The ratings don't lie—Factorio is an indie game done right.Recommended.But wait!—there's more!Since Factorio is in early access, even more content is on its way. And by the looks of it, the patches are more directed at the endgame, which is right on point. Having personally launched a satellite from the rocket silo (""the end""), I'd say the earlygame-midgame experience is currently one of the strongest aspects of Factorio, and with some more deveopment, this great game design could be extended all the way to the endgame."
,Recommended,427520,32311662,Posted: 10 June,all,Snerk,"Factorio is amazing.I'm sure if you're reading this review, you've seen a few others. People joke about it being like crack, and I can understand why. The first day I bought this game, I played for an hour or two. Then I couldn't get to sleep because I was thinking about it. Then I decided to hell with it, since I can't sleep anyways, I may as well play more. Next thing I know it's 8AM and my wife is waking up for work. Then the next *next* thing I know, it's past 6pm and she's getting home from work. All told, I ended up spending nearly 20 hours playing this game straight, day one.Thankfully I've managed to ease off since then, but I still spend roughly half as much time playing Factorio as I do working at my actual job. This isn't something you can fire up for a few minutes before work or on your lunch break because it's SO engaging that you will lose track of time.About the game. Factorio is an open-world sandbox game where you start with nothing more than some iron plates (which you can use to make some pickaxes) and have to work your way up until you can eventually launch a rocket into space. The main focus of the game is to build and automate your factory so that it does all (or at least the vast majority) of the hard work for you.Above all else, Factorio is a game of logistics. Getting resources from point A to point B, setting up power networks, figuring out ideal ratios for efficient production. All while defending your base and yourself from the aliens who would much rather you stop messing with their planet.Each new map brings a new set of logistic challenges, with a proceduarlly generated map placing resources of different sizes, richness and location on the map for you to find, gather, and use. If you like problem-solving and logistical challenges, this is absolutely the game for you.Just make sure you don't fire it up before work."
,Recommended,427520,25061320,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Prembil,"Game itself is kinda useless since Trump won tho:Walls, borders and imigrants tryin' to destroy you are now reality so...*My second most played game on the steam*"
76561198049952692,Recommended,427520,25740833,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ikursatbey,I would definitelly recommend this!Spent days on it and it still not dull
,Recommended,427520,25760871,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Crusader,"Alright so only though ive played 8 hours ive accomplished a train system that spans up to 20 miles guarded by around 2000 laser sentrys and gaining 10 chestfulls of iron, copper, coal, stone and steel in under 10 minutes. I thought i would waste my money by playing this abit then forgetting it but the fact that ive spent 8 CONTINUOUS hours on this game boggles me. 10/10 Would recommend to anyone who likes making a ♥♥♥♥♥on of resources by standing still for ten minutes.P.S. Help meP.S. Ive found and downloaded mods. Tell my family i love them."
,Recommended,427520,30560889,Posted: 16 March,all,Yonk,"This game makes you feel like a genius, solving problems with your mechanical contraptions' assembly lines.However, this game causes quite a bit of waiting and repetition, at least until more objects are available. It's not easily played while multitasking, as there's almost always an inserter or boiler that needs more fuel.All things considered, it's pretty cool and allows for a lot of 'Aha!' moments."
,Recommended,427520,31346329,Posted: 24 April,all,Lord  Lodberg CXII,"If You like games, You'll like this game.It's a good game.The game is fun.You should buy the game.It's a game worth buying.If You like games, You'd want to buy this game."
,Recommended,427520,31424729,Posted: 28 April,all,Tyr,"I love this game. Recently they've expanded it so there's a lot more reason for me to expand my base (Other than evil laughter while creating a giant monstrosity)You get to play with trains, defend against creatures, lots of planning and setting up an efficent base for mining and manufacturing.Definitley recommend it, worth the price, art style is great, reminds me of C&C tiberian sun."
,Recommended,427520,31428447,Posted: 28 April,all,fourthcipher,"Fantastically addictive, cannot recommend enough."
76561197974066719,Recommended,427520,31814528,Posted: 17 May,all,tall__1,"If you have a social life or a family or an expectation of a social life or family I do NOT recommend this game at all.  This game is so much fun that I can hardly put it into words.  Every map is different, and it is entirely up to you how you play each one.  Basics are the same of course, find resources, use found resources to build crap, defend you self from hotsiles.If you like building or designing stuff like Ikea furniture, Legos, Technic, houses, cars, room layouts, traffic directions..whatever, this game iwill probably be worth its price to you at the very least.  It is base building but mostly it is just building and designing.  I mean seriously...conveyor belts...do I need to say more?!?!?!  Who doesn't think conveyor belts are cool?  It does kinda help to know digital logic to some of the very advanced stuff the game can do but you don't need to do any of that to have lots of fun playing it.  Plus you can go online and get help figuring out stuff.You can make the game as simple or as complicated as you want.  Mods can make the game way way way too complicated.  But even without mods there are infinite ways to play this game.The object is to shoot a rocket into space which takes a LOT of resources.  You have to do research to get better, faster and more powerful items (also lots of resources).  You can make almost everything yourself or set up machines to make everything for you (the other object of the game), using a robotic network to supply all the stuffeses to yourself........I think my head is going to explode just from trying to relay the limitless variety possible in playstyle for this game.Also the developers are very very active.  They send out major updates with lots of new features than the previous version around 2 times a year.  They do lots of bug fixing updates between those major updates also.One more thing, this game isn't for everybody though.  I'm not going to pretend like there are set ways to know if this game is for you but go watch some youtube videos.  If by the end of some of them you aren't thinking ""I gotta have this game NOW!!!""  Then maybe the game isn't for you?  Then again it really does have almost infinite replayability.  Just look at how many hours I have in it.  And my intrest gets renewed like once a month by a mod or watching a video, or a major update.And I honestly don't know why it is still classified as early access.  At the very least it should be a beta by now if not even an official release.  It feels that polished and complete, and it runs oh so good with all the random items all around your base on conveyor belts it is ""like wiping your a-- with silk."""
,Recommended,427520,31816285,Posted: 17 May,all,Nezumi,"Oh good lord is this game awesome.  If this sort of logistics management type of game appeals to you, definitely check it out.  Besides how fun the game was, I was particularly impressed by how well it worked technically.  I started a multiplayer game with a few friends, and it workes flawlessly.  (And if you thought making a well organized factory was difficult normally, just try it when there are 3 or 4 chefs all working at cross-purposes.  Hilarious!)If this is early access, I can't wait to see what kind of content rolls out as development progresses."
,Recommended,427520,31817603,Posted: 18 May,all,CrashKonijn,"I usually play games for a couple of hours before I get bored and start doing other stuff again. Not with Factorio, I've had it for 3 months now and made 400+ hours in the game.The game itself is phenominal and the devs and the community are amazing!"
76561198004808574,Recommended,427520,31819563,Posted: 18 May,all,jason.lester,"Warning: Do not purchase factorio if you want any chance to have a normal life....This game has just taken over all my spare time, and I end up looking at the clock and thinking ""I need to get up for work in 2 hours.. probably easier to just not go to bed"".Combining fast gameplay, extensive mods to change the way the game works, means every time you play it's different.0.15 just came out, and they have made some major changes to the game, which just add to it.I'm having difficulty finding anything wrong with the game.."
76561198020901477,Recommended,427520,25757820,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Chaco,Wasted the entire next day after I purchased this game. 10/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,427520,31426839,Posted: 28 April,all,Preacher,"if you can't get enough of the satisfaction from building something increasingly complex and watching it work, this game is for you."
76561198153105865,Recommended,427520,34667012,Posted: 1 September,all,Carver,"A simply fantastic game for open creative minds, though trying to join friends or invite them to a mulitplayer game you got for 2 is a chore with no fun with friends....,great game though 10/10"
76561198036786483,Recommended,427520,34680217,Posted: 2 September,all,Mishlet,"Even in early access, it's already better than most games out there."
76561197970553721,Recommended,427520,34679203,Posted: 2 September,all,peza,My god this gameThat feeling when you first figure out how to automate the construction of something is one of a kind.Buy it if you want to feed that obsessive optimization itch in a semi healthy way. I say semi healthy due to the stupid ammount of time you wil rack up on this.
,Recommended,427520,34665389,Posted: 1 September,all,Tamamo,this game is godly
76561198030910969,Recommended,427520,31919994,Posted: 23 May,all,Munz,It's fairly decent
,Recommended,427520,26509531,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Superchimpo.exe,"Fantastic game about automation. Sadly there are not many others like it, because it left an empty space in my heart after i finished it."
,Recommended,427520,26514772,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sn1ck,This game is so satisfying I don't need sex anymore 10/10
76561198236321758,Recommended,427520,32205875,Posted: 5 June,all,DL8,"the game is amazing with good game play. If you like minecraft, farmvil, or any type of build to unlock games. this is the game for you."
76561197999260407,Recommended,427520,34767260,Posted: 5 September,all,laetra,"Every 10 years or so a game comes out I fall in love with. This is one of those. I'll play this forever.Nothing I can say about the game that is not covered in the excellent video's, besides you can always throw in a mod to add some flavor after you've spent 1000 hours playing it Vanilla like myself."
76561198131000933,Recommended,427520,27350256,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,z0mbie,for me this is one of those games you dont see every day in a nut shell think of minecraft top down with automation and it works.....well very well
,Recommended,427520,26623306,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Halo1m,'MEMBER WHEN THIS WAS FIVE BUUUCKS? YEAH I 'MEMBER!
,Recommended,427520,23234306,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Blue,I failed 2 classes this semester because of Factorio because I played 110 hours during finals week. Worth it.
,Recommended,427520,25652672,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ShadowGamer,"Just look at the average playtime compared to other games and it will be an easy decision.But aside, this game is soooooo much fun. One common misconception I have heard from people is ""oh. that looks just like minecraft but worse."" That is compltely incorrect. This game is nothing like minecraft. It is all about automating different procedures and building a complex factory. Instead of ""handcrafting"", you are required to build machines (assemblers) that will make parts for you, and then you must design a system to tranasport those parts into other assemblers to build even more things! It is a puzzle game, a logistics game, and a defense game (if you don't turn on peaceful).And best of all, the multiplayer is amazing. Unlike many other games, this game has an extremely supportive and helpful community, and the servers aren't just full of players who destroy things. The team challenge brings this game to a whole new level, and even just a normal multiplayer server is extermely fun to see how fast things get built up.There is no reason why you should not purchase this game, especially for only $20, you will get far more out of it than any other game. Buy it now."
,Recommended,427520,21799650,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Warder9,"I dislike most early access games, I now only buy them if they are already a fun game at the time I'm purchasing them. I've been burned with too many games before I made this rule for myself. So....This game is already a very fun game in it's own right. I spent a decent amount of time exploring just a handful of the various options and getting a feel for what I could do. I would absolutely recommend it to people that like the crafting and building aspects of games. The combat related stuff is good because it's forces you to focus a bit to make sure you aren't immediately overrun with bugs.Buy it now for the game it currently is and if it gets better of time, cool, if not, you already have a good game."
,Recommended,427520,32601988,Posted: 20 June,all,Greshr,This game is one of my biggest time sinks. Me and my girlfriend play it togeather when she is away at college.
76561197993180675,Recommended,427520,34775933,Posted: 6 September,all,Khamo,Best game.
76561198120594621,Recommended,427520,26479332,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Wilshire,"Great game, lots to do. I'll probably replay this every time there's a major release. Amazing game, minimal bugs or other issues, supportive Developers, great community. 10/10"
76561198276543046,Recommended,427520,23012160,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ssoulslayer,great for an early access game its just really hard at the begging and u have no idea what to do or how to do it but if u get use to the games mechanics and controls you could be ninja fast at this game
76561198034266060,Recommended,427520,23014516,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kaittaja92,"If you ever enjoyed complicated and constantly moving GIFs back in the day and you love making complicated systems THIS IS YOUR GAME , basically this starts where vanilla MCs automation stops"
76561198118457700,Recommended,427520,23013191,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,mtnorden,Love the game will never stop playing # Factorio
76561197982749730,Recommended,427520,23009364,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,elflorro,I absolutely love this game! I can't get enough of it!
,Recommended,427520,23011302,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,toastpaint,"Just amazing, seriously give this a go and support these developers. Prison Architect for truly technically minded people."
,Recommended,427520,23012119,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Heion,"Best Game! Open, free, creative, technical if you want. With so much more!"
76561197993045696,Recommended,427520,23011029,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,capnthepeafarmer,"I've grown up on old RTS games like Command and Conquer and this has so much of that character that I love.  It's like if SpaceChem and Command and Conquer had a baby, and then that baby went on to MIT got a Phd and wrote a book.This game is intensly addicting.  I literally played hookie from my actual engineering job to play this fake engineering game.  Yes, it's very addicting.It has all the depth you could want and event more.  Like to build bases?  How about smelting your own ore?  How about making the circuits and motors that actually build your tanks?  Just when you think that there isn't any more depth to the game, it goes 20 layers deeper.I LOVE this game."
76561198020874684,Recommended,427520,23009371,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,bobislost,build factoryget it running nicelynew techredesign factoryget it running nicelynew techredesign factoryget it running nicelynew tech arrivesit's 3amredisgn factory10/10 would call in sick to work again
76561197995245990,Recommended,427520,23013515,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,spybotplus,Circuit design meets Sim City
76561198272012056,Recommended,427520,23014169,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,NeonDwagon,"When I saw factorio on steam, I wasn't to sure about buying it. It was then when I watched the video I thought ""hey. I would like this."" It was the biggest decision in my life on steam. I never thought I would enjoy rebuilding, remapping, and repairing sevral times due to new technology and constant alien swarms, I actually quite enjoyed it. Don't get me wrong here, the things I mentioned above may sound like cons but the pros outweigh it a truckton. Something I would like to state is that, late game (but not end) alien artifacts couldn't be more overpowered. One artifact makes 10 alien science packs. And that's it. No smart inverters, no advanced circuits, just alien artifacts. To construct the rocket silo you only need 100 and within gaining the car and some armor piercing bullets you can get about 200 from 14-18 spawners, and those are relatively easy to kill, considering once your attacking spawners you should have at least a submarine gun but that's pretty early game. What I'm saying is that you may want to either make more tech that requires alien science packs, lessen the drop amounts from spawners, etc. But other than that the game mechanics are pretty balanced, aside from the worms which can still be countered. Some new things I would personally like to see would be: better exosuits, so you can storm into enemy bases, mk 2 and mk 3 tanks and cars, so you could have more health or more speed when driving around, advanced trains that consume more materials or an electric train, more types of robots, boats, planes maybe, better breaks for tanks (you don't know how many pipes/poles I've broken), and more diverse and plentiful enemy types. Overall, factorio is an excellent game and I've recommended it to all of my gamer friends and would recommend it to anyone else. If you've got 20.00 $ you've got happiness and creativity through factorio. Something else I also forgot to mention was that this is literally the ONLY game that has opened up my mind and forced me to think more than I do in math class. 10/10 Best game of its kind ever."
,Recommended,427520,27729325,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Anrik21,"This game is a free from factory designing game, where your time will be dedicated to solving logistics problems, eradicate bugs and create pollution. It's a great game, but there are some things that are a bit rough around the edges.This is one of those games where much of the gameplay consists of ""work"" and that ""work"" often pays out in a sense of accomplishment, maybe you gained access to oil manufacturing, maybe you increased throughput of something or maybe you automated every last piece in the game for you. As long as you keep expanding your base and explore the tech tree the game keeps you entertained and when you've exhausted the vanilla games experience there's tons of mods.The issues with this game are the enemies in it simply are more tedious and annoying than challenging, the UI is a bit rough and the fact that the learning curve is a bit steep detract from the experience. Though these are planned to be fixed, if they are a dealbreaker wait until the game leaves early acess.All in all, if you're looking for a great timesink and a nice time with a few minor gripes, get factorio. Otherwhise, learn how to play Dwarf Fortress for the same kind of itch."
76561197996697525,Recommended,427520,32847152,Posted: 27 June,all,Vayu,The best thing about Factorio is that it has been made very accessible. For most buildings and items you can build you figure out what it does just by looking at it. Theres almost no need to look at the faqs for basic use.But even with that there's so many tricks and effieciency tricks you can use that it feels like you can never really master the game. There's always a way you can improve your factory.Also multiplayer makes this a lot more fun.Game recommended.
,Recommended,427520,25813081,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,LeeroyJenkins,"After 900 hours of game time, I realized I might have a problem. This is the perfect video game.You can play it over and over again. Even play the same world over and over, it constantly chalenges you to improve, be clever, be efficient, be violent."
,Recommended,427520,34240153,Posted: 14 August,all,jkhaled5,nice game enough said :D
,Recommended,427520,28735015,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bluck1950,so many combinations of items it made me rage quit to cool my brain
76561197971048961,Recommended,427520,34055308,Posted: 6 August,all,jkbanfield,This is not a game.  This is a device crafted to fast forward time!
,Recommended,427520,34310612,Posted: 17 August,all,Buddy,"I only played it for 30 hrs, but(t).....ITS SO FUN AND ADDDITIVE."
76561198059310853,Recommended,427520,26460202,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NyanCat200,"Amazing game, played it one one map for 60 hours with my friend.I recomend this game if you like building stuff that all comes together to accomplish a goal, even if it is as simple as automating a process that would take seconds to do by hand.While it is in early access, it could be a fully fledged game for all I know, and they are still making developments on it, which makes it fun to run around in a (mostly) completed map and see what's new and what I can do with it."
,Recommended,427520,25219808,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Knife_cz,"This better be listed along such titles as Arma or Mafia in ""games originating from Czech"", because its a really good game, and it should be known where it is from.If you don't like it, then its not your kind of a game.But if you do like it, then you'll have a blast."
76561197975753826,Recommended,427520,25015415,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,blair,"My play time on Steam has stalled at 133 hours because I switched to the standalone as having to constantly manually get the correct beta version in Steam was a pain.I don't know if this is the best game I've ever played, but it is certainly up there.If you took a magnifying glass to Trevor Chan's Capitalism game and bred it with C&C and Transport Tycoon this would be the glorious love child.Create a factory that spans the world, then watch it grind to a halt because a random biter chewed through one belt tile and you didn't notice.It is still early access so certain things feel a little rudimentary (combat is just a chore to clear land after the mid game, for example), but over all it is amazingly well done.Try the demo. Spend the small amount of money. I've already played it twice as long as I played Skyrim, for a third of the cost (even less if you consider I also paid full price for the expansions).Everyone should own it. Possibly twice. If you ever wanted to see what committed development looks like, have a look at the Factorio Forums, check Releases - marvel at the work!"
,Recommended,427520,34316530,Posted: 17 August,all,Mouse,I ran over brad with a train more than once. Worth every penny.
76561197989242212,Recommended,427520,34242635,Posted: 14 August,all,CptGoose,"If you're of the creative and perfectionist game, this one is for you. This game is best played unspoiled, I advice to not google 'best ways to do X' or 'optimal setup for X'; play around yourself and it becomes very enjoyable. Did a vanilla run? Good, now check out the mods. There's tons of content to be added.The game becomes exceptionally more fun in the mid/late game, where you quite rapidly enlarge the scope of the game. This game was never about getting 20 Iron to be able to craft X. No, it's about production per tick. En mass!"
76561198107323497,Recommended,427520,28300193,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Joe,"The genre, according to Steam, is ""casual"".Don't believe their lies."
76561198030803607,Recommended,427520,34249685,Posted: 14 August,all,caprican_erock,"If you are into creative building games that require some logic and thought you would be an idiot not to buy this.Pros --Expansive tech tree.-Requires player creativity.-Requires some logic to get various resources to needed areas. Space can get tight as you try to expand. Need to use your head to get everything to fit and keep that spice flowing.-Resources are not infinite, eventually you'll need to expand and get crafty with how you keep your factory running when initial deposits run dry, keeps you on your feet.♥♥♥♥♥♥off some aliens, plan on planning on them before they plan to eat your face because they will.-Independent dev team invested in a good experience. No DLC, no bulls4!t cashgrabs.-Price point is VERY reasonable for what you're getting.-I would classify this is a 'serious' game but not serious as in boring more like 'for legit gamers', nothing casual about it, not a mindless button masher. You cannot win unless you actually think. You cannot l33t fps your way through this.Cons --Graphics, they're so bad it's hard to actually see assets. They're an eyesore.-(this may have been improved since I first played:)Laying rail is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and less than intuitive.-Robotics is less than intuitive.-Alien pathing/ai stands for some improvement. I feel it may have been an afterthought but they'll follow the path of least resistance from nest to your base always rather than a more math.random approach where they could approach your perimeter from anywhere. Would be more challenging if they can find my weak spots. AFAIK the pathing runs to your highest pollution point and doesn't deviate."
76561197963600271,Recommended,427520,34262808,Posted: 15 August,all,TimelessP,My favourite train set.
,Recommended,427520,34201330,Posted: 12 August,all,Kdansky,"Not really a game so much as a toy, like LEGO. Pretty good toy though."
,Recommended,427520,30158952,Posted: 24 February,all,quater090,This is an amazing game with a lot of focus on optimization and efficiency. I would highly recommend to anyone that likes to think about what they are doing when they are playing a game.
76561197960274807,Recommended,427520,33439458,Posted: 10 July,all,Sidney,"Hard to master, fun to try to"
,Recommended,427520,33735687,Posted: 22 July,all,GrumpyTanker,My job is designing and installing conveyors and automation systems.I get home from work and play a game about automation systems and conveyors.This game is ridiculously engrossing.
,Recommended,427520,34854226,Posted: 9 September,all,Moth,"That one night I thought, i'd try it out for a few minutes...8 hours gone by.  Love the litttle gem, and it has a great modding community.  Doesn't get much better."
76561198066542993,Recommended,427520,34823903,Posted: 8 September,all,Southpaw,Great game. The depth and amount that can be done in this simple game is amazing!
76561198045136606,Recommended,427520,34626458,Posted: 30 August,all,Yoshiro,"Very cool game, but I might not be as enthusiastic about it as the everyone else.    It has some amazing mechanics, but it also has some parts that get stale.   I'll get right to the pros and cons.PROSVery amazing self sustaining system.   It blew my mind when I figured out how you could make something be to the point to where you don't have to do anything is you build it smart.Amazing ideas for not only having ideas for creating polution, but polution morphs your alien enemies and makes them stronger.   Also that you can avoid this by creating cleaner solar energy.   It is important to note that it still causes polution, but significantly less.   The developers deserve a high five for coming up with this concept.The world's coolest logistic problems that you can figure out multiple ways to figure out.   This is the game's greatest strength, because in most games there might be 2 or 3 right ways to do something.   In this game, the amount of ways you can do something are endless.    There always seems to be a slightly better way to organize your items and inventory.  A better way to get items from point A to point B.   In truth, it is more like a way to get from point B to C, E, G, H, R, T and Z.   It gets pretty crazy when you have machines that demand so much of 1 material.   How do you get a material there, but evenly distribute it so point G, H and R aren't starved of that resource?   I think I figured out a really good strategy for it and I am pretty pround of thinking of it.   I feel pretty accomplished for coming up with it, because it took me several attempts to wonder how I could do it better.CONSBecause of early development, AI for aliens is stale.   They spawn, they attack, you eventually kill them, you rebuild what they broke, the end.   It might be nice to get items from them?Buggy power steam generatorsCrafting becomes a little stale.    It is cool that you need parts to make some stuff, but it gets a little....annoying?  cumbersome? needy?   I started getting a little bored because it was demanding so much attention to get what is required to create it.   This should become a strength of the game, because I think the logistics problems are fun to figure out.  It eventually becomes a nuisance and extreamly demanding to craft some parts.   A good example of this complaint, is that it required about 3-5 minutes to automate something easy in the beginning.  Towards the end of the game, it was taking me upwards of 40 minutes to automate crafting one item.  I know it gets even more demanding too.CONCLUSIONI am a very patient person, but this might demand a little to much patience.   It is worth it if you want a cool game for about 40-50 hours.   After that it might become stale.    I would still recommend, but it might not be worth playing to beat it unless you are a very patient person....   I wasn't willing to invest that much time to make that little of progress."
,Recommended,427520,34665636,Posted: 1 September,all,Kriss7475,This game was too cheap. 20 euro for that much time played?+ Good graphics+ Runs well on bad PCs+ Quality content+ Addicting+ Good price/quality+ Many mods
76561197972443524,Recommended,427520,34737996,Posted: 4 September,all,Muhfugga,just a few minor tweaks away from perfection.
76561197987034414,Recommended,427520,29831330,Posted: 10 February,all,His Dudeness,"You ever watch How It's Made, and stay awake long enough to see those huge factories making stuff like cakes or lightbulbs? Hundreds of machines, all interconnected, conveyor belts snaking too and fro between them, devices performing task after task, all working in harmony to spit out the insane number of cakes needed to satisfy the regional demand on a daily basis...That's factorio. Only you cant make cake... yet.Sure it's simple enough on the surface. I build a machine here, to take item X, and turn it into item Y. Then I take Item Y, combine it with item Z, make item Q out of that mixture, which gets mixed with items C through F to create item B, which in turn gets used to build a solar panel, for a rocket you're building and launching into space. Definitely not cakes.It's a game about complexity, automation, and solving problems. This is not a game for everyone, and even those who like it usually shut it down in a moment of crushing depression after overcoming the first few hours with the game. But if you stick with it, keep working out the problems, and get your factory running smoothly, I can almost garauntee you'll be hooked.This game is rewarding in a way i havent seen in a long time, partly because it doesnt hold your hand at all. Everything in your factory is where you put it, set up the way you set it up, and it lives or dies by your decisions. But let me tell you, when you power up a factory block for the first time, and see it smoothly working, doing exactly what it should, the way you want it, it feels damn good....until you realise your iron output is woefully sub par and your new production branch is starving out the rest of your factory. But that's just another problem to overcome.TL;DR, It's a solid game for those looking for a real time sink. Stable branch is very stable. Bugs are very rare and I've personally never experienced a crash, even with 50+ mods running in the background. Not much end game, but just getting ot that point will take multiple hours. Would reccomend."
,Recommended,427520,34911315,Posted: 12 September,all,bolaum,A stronger variant of heroin.
,Recommended,427520,23135530,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,pnupy,Great game with lots of depth. Very excited for everything the devs are planning for the game!
76561198127160470,Recommended,427520,23135076,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jack Daniels,An OCD Playland... the addiction is real.
,Recommended,427520,34894210,Posted: 11 September,all,Dutch Master,very good
76561197970796649,Recommended,427520,34886597,Posted: 11 September,all,TomNewDelhi,"This game should come with a warning, well two actually, the first one telling the potential buyer that this game is more addictive than crack....   The second is that you NEED mods.I played the vanilla and it was great, i then discovered Angel ores and Bobs mods, adds a totally new layer of research and depth to the game.If you even considering this game, just buy it, you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,427520,34894734,Posted: 11 September,all,h3retic,"on the day i bought this game, i played it for 11 hours straight.loved every second of it."
76561197984903958,Recommended,427520,34870724,Posted: 10 September,all,rautetasse,Awesome strategy game with a perfect multiplayer!
,Recommended,427520,23561301,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,=T$E= OveriderJustin,This game is consuming my life. (Yes I know I only have a couple hours but still...)Really good game! I will write a more thorough review later though ;)
76561198013144150,Recommended,427520,34959217,Posted: 14 September,all,azmandar,"This is one unique game.  Your primary goal is to build a rocket to launch a satalite into space.  To do this you need to reseach tech and build the rocket.   To accomplish this you will build a huge sprawling factory that takes materials you mine and produce the science and components you need to reach your goal.  There is some combat but this is not a fighting or tower defense game.(In fact many like to just turn off the enemy and just enjoy the creation aspect)  This is a building game but you don't have the fine control as in Voxel game (like Minecraft) but what you do have is much deeper and takes a lot more of an Engineering style of thought rather than an artistic one.   Also this game is not a ""Green"" game.  You can try and limit your polution but really it's not how it's ment to be played and you will just get frustrated.  So enjoy strip minning and deforesting the alien planet, and clogging its air with smog.  It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,427520,30064864,Posted: 20 February,all,Hellfire,Good game
,Recommended,427520,27616807,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fight Aaaaaah,"It's one hell of a game...On the other hand, it's also one hell of a drug.  So, I really shouldn't recommend it.Hard to describe.  But: there's a demo.  Play it.  But be warned, you might get hooked. :DEDIT: Currently, 2017-05-13, the mod portal, which *they* insisted on being *the* way to install mods, is nigh unusable.  At least in peak times, when people actually want to use it.  So, downvote.  For now."
,Recommended,427520,23588228,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Me†ric,"I was so skeptical of this game. It's not my style at all, the art or the way the gameplay looked. But I'll be damned if this isn't one of the best games I have ever played in my life. I don't typically buy games at full price, but I bought this on the spot after playing it for a few minutes at a friend's house.The game is still getting new features added all the time, but already it feels like a game you could easily spend 200+ hours on."
,Recommended,427520,23593602,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,☢Avum☢,"Even though it is still in early development, it has more features than most of the finished products. Now that 0.13 is on the way i`m sure it will add more gameplaying aspects and make the game more entertaining then ever. I believe this is a must play game. Also the game is highly modded so after playing vanilla if i decide i want something more. I add a mod like Bob`s mod or dytech and voila. It`s a brand new gameplay just using the same graphics. P.S. this game really is addictive. Once you start playing factorio all you can think about is your base. If you want a good game play/price game, this game is for you."
,Recommended,427520,25237898,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Killroi,"That feeling you get from great time management and efficiency in here is inexplicably satisfying, and I can't wait to see what new features may come in the future.Not to mention there are PLENTY of mods, which I haven't even started to use after over 100hrs!Everyone should play this game, and if there's a free weekend, expect asubstantialboom in sales."
,Recommended,427520,31513940,Posted: 2 May,all,TheDisturbedDragon,"This game is the dream child of an engineer and a programmer.  The automation is beautiful and absolutely instrumental - you quite literally can't win by crafting everything in your inventory.Tips I've learned the hard way:Iron is your best friend, get as much of it as possible, then double that amount.  If you have less than three chests of iron plates at any time after achieving automation, you're doing it wrong.After you get a working knowledge of the game, once you find where you want to begin, make sure to pause the game and plan everything out via the map.  It'll take a long time, but not having to undo your stuff to expand later is brilliant.Make a main bus.  Use long-handled inserters and fast inserters to input/output your resources to an open area for when you continue automating later.As soon as you can, get fast conveyors and automate construction of them.Once you get enough resources to build a steam generator, don't.  Find water near a source of coal, and make it auto-feed a line of boilers and a line of generators.DO NOT NEGLECT TURRETS!  Early-game the biters aren't such a big deal, but after a while they start to go from cute little zerglings to ultralisks and smash through your base if you aren't prepaed.The only real issue I've found is if you don't plan out where everything needs to go, you're screwed later on.  I'd also recommend adding a pollution cleaner-esque thing (which doesnt actually reverse or even stop the spread of pollution, it just sharply reduces it) because I'm about 4 hours into my map and I'm getting absolutely crushed by the bugs - I can't just kill them because they're big enough to crush me, and my base is decently protected but I can't leave it to settle elsewhere and my resources are nearly depleted.  Also, we need a way to ""uncraft"" things, so we can turn the useless burner stuff at the start back into materials instead of having them be inefficient or just sitting in a random chest."
76561198306789027,Recommended,427520,31847675,Posted: 19 May,all,Biometrix,"I lost my virginity to this game. It is that good. (LOL not really, im still pure...)"
76561198145661207,Recommended,427520,26801945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cbskurray,awesome game
,Recommended,427520,31511855,Posted: 2 May,all,Not Sure,Just get it. Bask in the glory of your machine automating from the simplest to a vast complex that assembles rockets.
,Recommended,427520,27186778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Equi,If you like automation you would love this game. Very good modded support in game. Developers actually play this game and are constantly updating it. They have very good interaction with players such as in Factorio Fact Friday as its sometimes known. Many hours are sucked into this game
76561197962639260,Recommended,427520,21673853,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,cwdtsunami,Great game.
,Recommended,427520,29559176,Posted: 29 January,all,Roxor128,"I've been meaning to review Factorio for months, but I keep getting distracted by Factorio.The trailer tells you everything you need to know about whether or not the game is for you, and it does it without a single word.If you love systems design games, like SimCity or Infinifactory, you'll love Factorio.Two other bonuses: It can run on an old graphics card with only 512MB of VRAM, and it costs exactly $20, none of this $19.99 rubbish.Seriously, go buy the game. I think I've gotten more play out of Factorio than I did out of SimCity 2000 as a kid."
76561198254187872,Recommended,427520,31778205,Posted: 15 May,all,ALeverette,"The develop team of this game are geniuses.Best survival(sort of?)/crafting game I have ever played.Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I need more processors, see ya nerds tomrrow morning."
76561198218251121,Recommended,427520,27012023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,这里宁夜啊QAQ,新手不看教程不成活系列工科福利时间飞逝系列忘记吃午饭系列QAQ如果没有充足时间请不要打开，，，
,Recommended,427520,32592583,Posted: 20 June,all,Chroseidon,"When I say that this game is quite possibly the best game i have ever played, i mean it.  From a guy that has played games since SNES through the original playstation and xbox through the xbox one s and playstation 4 wii u, i have played generations of games.  That being said, this game tops it all.  Never have I spent 500 hours playing a game.  It is simply amazing.  BUILD TO EXPAND.  nothing is worse than building something for the eighth time in one factory. build with enough room in a modular design so you can easily expand production.  I love this game. buy this game, you will love it."
,Recommended,427520,22989384,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Blueberry Muffins!,"Don't let the demo fool you. It delivers on the hey-I-love-to-tinker-and-explore-and-build bait, but it ends well before the oh-my-god-this-is-utterly-out-of-control feeling hits.1. Every act except organizing and choosing where to place things can be automated (and there's mods for those). In a sense, the entire game is about the pleasures of eliminating micromanagement: right about when you master a task, you discover or imagine a way to automate it, and you're constantly imagining ways to make it better.2. I start new maps when I've thought of a better design and want a clean slate, or when I wonder whether I'm man enough to take on There Is No Spoon (hint: I'm not.) I'm pretty sure you could blow it badly enough to lose a map, but the default autosave interval is two minutes and it keeps the last three, which basically automates save-scumming.3. The machines are not so simple as they appear, and even when you notice the details the subtleties seem unremarkable and natural. I'm talking about the things you learn to build early early on, inserters and belts and splitters and assemblers. The game is, ""how do I make this faster/cleverer/prettier/more awesome"" and so far as I can tell there's always a way. For the love of God play the game at least through your first rocket launch without studying other people's designs, but know this: your first or second research will get you an astonisinghly subtle little devicean astonishingly subtle little device.4. Every indication is the devs are fully aware they've got a winner, and they want in every fiber of their being to do right by it. There's no sign of anything diverting the firepower they're bringing to bear on finishing this game and getting it right.5. You can get even the simplest designs working well enough, and the default settings aren't going to see you overrun by alien assaults any time soon. A good part of this game is the aesthetic rewards it offers: there's something extremely pleasing about just watching things work while the theme music washes over you. But I've got a sushi-belt-controller contraption I don't use because whenever I build it I just want to play with it and factory growth stops. I keep meaning to build one, apply some discipline and actually get good use out of it.Bonuses:1. Efficiency modules can drastically reduce your pollution, to the point where I think solar power and trees and limited density would be enough to keep the air fairly clear, and I'm pretty sure if you light aliens-never-attack-first mode you could theoretically win without ever killing one.2. Favorite thing? There's always a way to improve. ""easy to learn"" . . . well, yes, in a way. If you're already a scientist this isn't even close to the ballpark with the harder things you've ever had to learn. ""Hard to master""? Hahaha, check back on that thread I linked. If even your earliest devices aren't Turing complete they're damned close. Least favorite thing? The progress gap before oil processing. You can reach green science and build from there, the ""oooh I want more"" feeling fades some, and you might lose interest there. Don't. It's the calm before the storm."
76561198055186660,Recommended,427520,21617566,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,R3start,"This is a micro manager's wet dream!Do not expect to pick this up and whizz through it.  Expect to learn, experiment, re-configure and optimise.(Look through the screen shots and try and learn layouts.It is the most satisfying sandbox experience there is out there and it rewards the patient.I have put a few solid hours into this so far and will be putting a lot more in.It is worth every penny and you will spend more time on this than you do games you through twice this at.... I hate the fact that everyone expects everything to be free nowadays .... Devs gotta eat too!To a small yet talented development team.  Bloody well done!!!"
76561198030776690,Recommended,427520,25440419,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,QuantumZ,Love it.  10/10
76561198030641002,Recommended,427520,25674240,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Hammer4th,"Fantasimo, love building things."
,Recommended,427520,25332942,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,duck man,"Factorio is the type of game that you start on a nice Friday afternoon, and at the end, find yourself sober, depressed, and lonely.Great buy, great game."
,Recommended,427520,25453651,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hugh Janus,"Amazing game, addictive as hell!  I recomend set an alarm clock when playing :D"
76561198035357199,Recommended,427520,25644411,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,GRILL!,A well designed game with a rewarding learning curve.
,Recommended,427520,26087473,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,geraqui,Addicted and need help. I have an auto train on day one
,Recommended,427520,25606993,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,CytoO,"Exellent! Stable no lag, very rich gameplay!"
,Recommended,427520,25688579,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Osiris [Trading Crates],Supply chain managment has never been so fun
,Recommended,427520,31605786,Posted: 7 May,all,Hexcubed,I'm waiting for the Intervention episodes about Factorio addiction.
76561197980559842,Recommended,427520,25511700,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Jimbo,"Even in its current state (early access), this is one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198026807368,Recommended,427520,25576418,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,nevniv,"I love base-building and resource management.  If you do too, you will think this game is amazing.  Be prepared for some sleepless nights."
76561198052267901,Recommended,427520,26082292,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,[SC]Kane,Good times.
,Recommended,427520,26860150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wabznasm,"It's taking me ages to make this thing - I should automate it.Wait a sec, need more power. Just gonna build a couple boilers and steam engines and then I'll get back to automating that thing.Damn it, out of stone for the boilers, I'll grab some more from the belts by my stone miners. Oh dear, that coal patch is nearly mined out. I should secure some more before I get back to automating the thing.There's another patch of coal north of the base, but it's too far for belts. Better build a train.Need to build a factory to make engines for the locomotive, and it's taking too long to craft tracks, so I might as well automate that while I'm at it.Okay, finally have the railway built. Now to design stations to load and unload the coal. Damn it, a biter attack - where are they coming from?Ah, found the colony. It's a big one, going to need some more piercing ammo and maybe some poison capsules to deal with the worms. I should automate those.Oh crap, it's 4am, and I haven't started automating the thing yet."
,Recommended,427520,34885651,Posted: 11 September,all,Evil_paprika,Amazing Game 10/10
,Recommended,427520,22329261,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,nacon,"Well, I didn't have to work for a week, so I spent a lot of that time playing a game that closely resembles work.Factorio is a base-building and logistics management game. Those of you familiar with the old Transport Tycoon series will find a lot to like in the industry supply-chain management and network-management in Factorio; you'll spend a significant amount of your time fine-tuning your industries, their output, and how you move goods around the map. Factorio does this very well, if you're into that sort of thing.The other part of this game is the base-building component, which I find to add another, interesting layer; as you increase the size and scope of your base and production facilities, you will generate more polution. Polution will incur attacks by the native denizens of the planet that you are exploiting. It's up to you to personally fight them off and to build automated defenses around your base in the interest of protecting your carefully-tweaked supply lines!The ultimate goal of the game is to survive and launch a rocket off of the planet where you're located. This takes time and effort, and a lot of troubleshooting. If you're playing this game for the first time, I recommend a 'blind' playthrough - don't dig too deeply into the abundant resources on the wiki to guide your play; it's a bit more fun, in my opinion, to also experience the discovery component of the game."
,Recommended,427520,29299698,Posted: 16 January,all,Walla,Possibly my favorite game of all time.  Support these devs in every way imaginable.  They can only turn down sexual favors so many times.
76561198041745442,Recommended,427520,35133505,Posted: 22 September,all,AFlyingRhino,what happened
,Recommended,427520,22736344,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,GolldenFalcon,Bought the game.One day later...24.0 hrs last two weeks / 24.0 hrs on record
76561198028436082,Recommended,427520,28576410,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,inadvertance,"If you like building things, and making everything automatic, this game is for you. In factorio you will have to manage many production chains, do some maths (only if you like), and make the perfect factory. The game is definitely more fun, complex and adictive than it looks.Now (23-dec-2016) the game is still under developpement, but the current version is both playable, fun, and running without bugs, so I recomend you testing it. Morever, there is already a nice and friendly comunity that developps tons of mods.So, as long as you assume to loose your day playing and your nights dreaming of convoy belts, I recomend this game."
,Recommended,427520,27860767,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ikillglitch,"Let's nominate this Beautifull game for:""The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award""!!!"
,Recommended,427520,35018543,Posted: 17 September,all,Ijihara,>Used factorio to get off drugs>Nothing works when I try to get off factoriohelp D:
,Recommended,427520,35022759,Posted: 17 September,all,Ziyi,That is a awsome game!
,Recommended,427520,35013579,Posted: 16 September,all,Sammy-D,"Damn... I can just keep building and building and building and ......I Love this game, Totally reccomend it!"
,Recommended,427520,25933931,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Merc,this game is addicting and fun for hours
,Recommended,427520,35053342,Posted: 18 September,all,☯ Itzz_Barney,This game is so underrated like seriously.My friend showed me ths game then i got hooked and addicted to it for straight three days lmfao
76561198042630593,Recommended,427520,31721050,Posted: 13 May,all,Timmytimmy123123,"Factorio is an early-access survival crafting game. Those words might frighten the majority of people, and make them think that this is just 'another one of those games', but that's far from the truth.The goal of Factorio isn't to mine resources just to make tools to mine more resources. While it is true that you need to do mining and crafting, you don't need to do those things yourself. Instead of making pickaxes and mining everything yourself, you can create machines to do the work for you. The machines start off pretty weak (mining drills and furnaces that require fuel to operate), but the game starts to get more and more interesting as you get further in the game. You can get machines that can automatically craft items for you (or your factory) pretty early in the game. In the late game, you can even get robots to automatically build large segments of your factory.This all sounds pretty boring 'Am I just making the game play itself?', but it's far from boring. The challenge in this game comes from 2 sides. The first side is the enemies that attack your base. Unlike most games, these enemies don't attack you for no reason. As your factory grows, it spews out pollution, which actually attracts the enemies. The second side comes the logistical aspect of this game. Recipies later in the game can require multiple inputs, and it can be quite tricky to route items to their destination if your base is one giant mess.I would suggest to play the demo if this game before you're going to buy the full version. If you like the demo, you will totally enjoy the full game."
,Recommended,427520,35086037,Posted: 20 September,all,Vienir,"I looked at the pictures and I was like ""WTF is this game it looks so bad how can anyone play this"".And then i was like i have 20 € on steam what to spend it on I got it i will spend it on this game that looks bad.Played for a bit and i was like :] this is good i have to WORK HARD so i dont have to ever again.But theres always somethink new that i want first faster Machiens and then i was like I NEED THAT CAR and after the car.I NEED THAT TANK TO REKT NOOBS (aliens) so i made a flametrower and then tank destroyed most of my walls with tank.Rebuild them build gates and turrets and WIN THIS GAME.Then after like 5 Hours of killing all i saw and i was like OH I HAVE TO MAKE A ROCKET TO WIN.So at the end i will give it 9,5/10   And it still gets uppdates"
,Recommended,427520,35081567,Posted: 20 September,all,Freeziepop,is an awesome game. no funny stuff or bugs as of yet. countless hours on it. worth my time and money 10/10
76561198049318436,Recommended,427520,32483311,Posted: 16 June,all,cracker54,I've played a bit.
,Recommended,427520,35198348,Posted: 25 September,all,cyanide,"An amazingly simple game with a high skill ceiling and low skill floor. Literally anybody can play this and enjoy it. Every time you play there is always something new to learn or something to improve. I mainly play this game on a 2nd monitor during downtimes of playing another game or while websurfing.I normally don't look at youtube instructional videos but I highly recommend doing so for this game. Its very interesting to see how other players design their automation lines and a quick video will make it easy to figure out how to setup anything that gives you trouble initially (e.g. oil refineries).Lastly, this game is also highly moddable with mods that add more materials / construction options or increase the difficulty. Most importantly however, the base game itself is fun with tons of replay value without mods. This means that any mods are just making a great game even more fun."
76561197971105595,Recommended,427520,25113247,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Lostinswe,"96 hours in. *I can't stop playing.Well, well. Here you are, looking at Factorio and maybe wondering is it worth the time. Becouse Factorio takes time - as do life itself. I have always loved base building games. I have overused towers in AOE2, I have played around with Supreme Commander more hours that Steam can count. And I have one conclusion.Factorio is the best yet. It's well balanced, it's moddable, it's fun.And it's like a blend between some cyberpunk adventure and Supreme Commander. So, what are you waiting for?Build your own Factory."
76561198180108009,Recommended,427520,35207135,Posted: 25 September,all,Helios,If you want to play tekkit without wanting to die play factorio
76561197972842171,Recommended,427520,34517030,Posted: 26 August,all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGRENADE,Make friends with people who have OCDMake them play this gameLet them optimise everything whilst you struggle to grasp the core concepts10/10
76561198126332767,Recommended,427520,33897364,Posted: 29 July,all,poper12111,"i LOVE this game, this is an example of a game that is really fun even though you have to think a lot and is also one of those games that you play for an hour and suddenly its 4am 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,35208562,Posted: 25 September,all,Maxwell,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,427520,35203162,Posted: 25 September,all,Left of Zen,"This game is amazing. In the following 48 hours after I bought this game, I played it for 38 hours. Weekend well spent. This game sucks you in and you lose track of the time very quickly. You'll swear you were playing for 20 mins...nope, bam, 4 hours gone like that. It's extremely addictive.As for the game itself, it's a factory-building game. You mine resources from the ground, manually at first but you quickly build machines to automate this. You lay transport (read: conveyor) belts to transport materials around, build power stations to power the whole thing, build turrets and weapons to defend against aliens, and expand your factory to research upgrades which allow you to...expand even more, ad infinitum. This game is a perfectionists nightmare because you'll find yourself repeatedly expanding and rebuilding your factory as you figure out more efficient ways to process and build things. The methods you use in the early-game just won't be enough to cope with the massive megafactories you'll end up with 100 hours into the game so for anyone who likes optimisation, this game is for you.Modding support is great, multiplayer works and it playable but very laggy. Constant updates keep this game fresh and exciting, and I can't wait to play another 20 hours at the next lan party!"
76561197964889006,Recommended,427520,22826894,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Saikron,"Factorio is awesome. If you liked Minecraft but always wondered why you have to tediously craft everything from the stuff in your pockets, it's for you. In Factorio, you also craft things, but these things need a ton of resources and crafted components. It would take ages to make them all yourself, so you realize pretty early that this game is about automation and planning factories that can expand.A few hours in and you can create robots that can copy your factory layouts and build the copies. It's nuts. Buy it."
76561198037874780,Recommended,427520,34865883,Posted: 10 September,all,ejury,Excellent all around and just keeps getting better with each update.
,Recommended,427520,34863889,Posted: 10 September,all,kamxd,Really enjoy playing the game
76561198153235051,Recommended,427520,34863600,Posted: 10 September,all,ferrinheight,Payed 20$ us for this game. Would gladly give my first born child(if I had one) as payment for this game. Do yourself a huge favor and clear the next 3 monthes from your schedule and get this game. Automation/Automation would automate the automation of this automation(again??).
76561198169230321,Recommended,427520,22343774,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Carlito,"factorio players be like, just 5 mins more i will just fix those factory.(2 hrs later) oh it's 2am hmmm i just gonna built a solar plant and i will go to sleep(3hrs later) sleep what sleep can i automate that?!10/10 will not sleep againand i will get more MORE capitali.... i mean factories"
76561198006624285,Recommended,427520,26906442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duke of Suffolk,Addiction level: Unimaginable.
,Recommended,427520,24425694,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Maxx_Powerbomb,I have never done crack but this game is what doing crack must feel like in that you always want more.
76561198035804000,Recommended,427520,24421375,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,KanmanDS,"Autism: The Game.No, in all seriousness, this game is a lot of fun. A HUGE time sink, and you will spend a LOT of time trying to get things all balanced and perfect. If you enjoy games like Cities: Skylines and Space Engineers, you will enjoy this game.Recommended."
,Recommended,427520,31778096,Posted: 15 May,all,Zuvembie,"It took me about 70 hours on one world to finally ""beat"" this game. I absolutely reccomend it. This is a game where you just keep going ""one more thing, one more thing"" and then it's 5:30 AM and you have work tomorrow."
76561198062957108,Recommended,427520,35067603,Posted: 19 September,all,arunprasaanth.prasaanth,super game1.uses 25GB of my 32GB RAM2.save file is 1.6 GB which is greater than size of the GAME3.it takes 10 Minutes to save the  game4.CPU usage only 10%play the game if you have more RAM
76561198056776787,Recommended,427520,27769126,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tribulancer,"This game rather caught me off guard. My friend led me into playing it and I couldn't believe I was dropping $20 on a game about automation, but after a couple of minutes I wanted more to be automatic. I kept playing and just got ever more sucked in, staying up with him till 3am just so we could finish that last technology or get our iron resources back up. The game really surprised me and I'm quite happy with what I've gotten out of it."
,Recommended,427520,33442867,Posted: 10 July,all,Salmon Snake,"Really good game, one of a kind, I will be looking forward to new updates and grow my total on played hours more and more untill my thirs has been satisfied."
76561197993735213,Recommended,427520,33440637,Posted: 10 July,all,Macronic,Unique and additicitve game. Strongly recomend.
,Recommended,427520,26458236,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mayhem17,"10/10Very good game, but once you play you cannot stop......anyway, mods, mp, runs in my w10 tablet.MUST...AUTOMATE...THINGS............BECAUSE...REASONS........"
76561198068981071,Recommended,427520,22893128,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,PUNISHER989,"Cant recommend this game more, Its intoxicating, you play for 30min but 3 hours have gone by.You start off small, you look at some of the stuff and say, nah, i wont be making that, or i wont build a factory to make that, I can do it in my pocket. but you eventually keep building, get bigger and then you realize you have automated everything.love it.PS, if the game gets too repetitive, then just increase the alien activity and reduce mineral richness, it will then become a constant battle for resources and keep you on your game to improve and to go on the offensive."
,Recommended,427520,34763807,Posted: 5 September,all,robbie__rotten,Get it.I need not elaborate further.
76561198003891620,Recommended,427520,31639703,Posted: 8 May,all,chicken_puff_pie,what a cracker! This is one of my favourite games of all time. Love it. Thanks!
76561197995011578,Recommended,427520,31643652,Posted: 9 May,all,Shadus,"I loved the Mass Effect series.  I didn't buy Andromeda because it would cut into my Factorio time.I wanted to play Dawn of War III.  I didn't buy it because it would cut into my Factorio time.I haven't bought a new game since Factorio.No regrets.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go double my iron production..."
76561198067629039,Recommended,427520,33931650,Posted: 31 July,all,Scrublord,"This game is pure genius, I would write a longer review but then I'd have less time to play it.It has a demo, and the demo perfectly illustrates why the game is addicitive and ingenious. Try it out, its free, what do you have to lose?All of your free time and social life"
76561198015028451,Recommended,427520,33937762,Posted: 31 July,all,SCE_Inigo,"This game is a lot like designing a circuit board, except with guns, and bombs and aliens and pollution. So yeah, a lot like designing a circuit board."
,Recommended,427520,33939134,Posted: 31 July,all,AVP,I still suck at automation
,Recommended,427520,33962857,Posted: 1 August,all,Rustled,You will be more proud of the things you can create in this game than you will be of your own children.
76561198042658226,Recommended,427520,34539201,Posted: 27 August,all,FlamingWizard,"Factorio is, in my opinion, one of the best and perhaps *the* best game on Steam. No words can describe how many hours of endless entertainment it is. I fully expect to be at around 1k hours within the next few months :P"
76561197980826816,Recommended,427520,33897912,Posted: 29 July,all,*TNA* rwisdaman,"One of the most addicting games I have come across in a long time. This is how the first hour of gameplay went for me.......1. Started scenarios, got attacked by aliens, couldnt figure out how to use weapons, and died.2. Got through first tutorial, it's now 1 am. Did I say the first hour?3. Kept going with gameplay, lost track of time, now 6 am.4. Wife is mad because I never went to bed last night. So what.5, Boss calling and is angry, told him I will be at work in 30 minutes. Sat down and kept playing.6. Lost job, dont care. Wife left me, dont care. I have this game.7 Played all the next day, shart my pants, didnt care, kept playing.3 days later Im still playing, 20/10 will shart my pants again to play this game."
,Recommended,427520,33968765,Posted: 2 August,all,『  』,"It may have looked like I'm new to the game but don't let my play hours fool you, I pirated this game before and played the heck out of it and only recently got the money to buy the retail version and I have to say the game is great you never run out of things to do because once you thought you solved a problem created by ingenious mind another problem pops up and the list goes on and on and on. The cycle is just addicting and not to mention the highly dedicated community and developers so kudos to them!And I read the planned features for 1.0 (the version is .15 in the time of writing this review) which is..-Space Platforms???!!!!!! (TRADE STATIONS ON SPACE???!!)-Alien Interaction (Trade,enslave,cooperate ahh the possibilities)-RTS Elements-Moving Underground (The possibilities omy god)-Food industry (for colonists/experiments/bio fuel)DAMN this game has a LOT of potential if done right and with the way the devs and community are dedicated this may well become true. It is a shining example of a proper EAccess game unlike H1Z1 and DayZ in terms of content,optimization and community so even in it's Alpha it's really full of things you can do.9/10 Love it. Recommend it. Suggest it to your resource management loving friend(s)."
76561198046150853,Recommended,427520,33919653,Posted: 30 July,all,CowboySquid,I didn't know they made games this good
76561198049091490,Recommended,427520,33953675,Posted: 1 August,all,LethaK,"This game is a wonderful jewel.You can get hundred hours of gameplay without even reaching the level of mastery it can offer.From beginner to expert, you will always have to think and build stuff to grow your base and anticipate your needs.You will do it in the order you want, how you want, at the speed you want.- The devs are still adding new vanilla content and HD textures- The UI / UX needs a little time to get used to.- Huge variety of stuff to build- Moddable- Multiplayer with hundred of players on the same server- Infinite procedural map with customisable variables like resource yeld, spread, etc...- Circuit network for automation and computation, brings a lot of new challenges and possibilities- The Blueprint system could use a little more work regarding its UI and how to store/filter/access them.Definitely worth the price"
76561198044777820,Recommended,427520,34535538,Posted: 27 August,all,GamingWithTakhilin,"Ok so, I have a really complicated relationship with Factorio. Basically, it's digital heroin and convinces me to spend hours and hours on it. But good god is it crazy fun. Once you spend some hours with it and learn how to really start automating things, the depth that this game has is ridiculous. Be warned, however, it does take some time to get into, and learn. But it is so rewarding."
,Recommended,427520,35312361,Posted: 29 September,all,[DUCKZ] Crazy_Coffee,This game is kinda like what you would get if you mashed Terraria and Minecraft tekkit together and i love it 8.9/10
76561198155587333,Recommended,427520,33897240,Posted: 29 July,all,Thicc Muffins,"Takes all of the boring BS most crafting-survival games makes you do, and makes it all automatic.also there are trains:)"
,Recommended,427520,35350181,Posted: 30 September,all,MasterTom,Amazing game. 100+ hours.This game is a time sink and has endless mods! i recommend!
,Recommended,427520,35349285,Posted: 30 September,all,TheQuail,Logistics: The Game
,Recommended,427520,22037800,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Silver Aura,"This is absolutely one of those games you're definitely going to know whether or not you'll like, within the first 30 minutes to an hour. There's so much content here and it's incredibly deep, yet I've barely even began to scratch the surface.That being said, it's definitely an acquired taste. One of which I'm incredibly happy to see exists, because for what little I've seen of this game, it's both fascinating and addictive.That being said, it can be incredibly overwhelming at first. In fact, I'm still incredibly overwhelmed. I'm sure this is something that could be addressed as development progresses and things, the UI especially, is more polished, but with a game of this nature, being overwhelmed is almost a compliment in it of itself. It's a signal of just how deep the game is."
76561197960795272,Recommended,427520,31106809,Posted: 12 April,all,Cpt.j2oss,"A fantastic example of Early Access done properly. This game is already very well realized and very addictive. At least 100 hours of my play time was spent on a single Factory. If you're into automation, working with logic and creating puzzles of efficiency for yourself to solve, then Factorio is the game for you. You can just trust the 'Overwhelmingly Positive' rating on this one - it's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,427520,35306237,Posted: 29 September,all,Tenchiken,"While(!Starship.IsReadyForLaunch()){using(var c = new FactoryLine()){c.Optimize();Starship.AddParts(c.CreateParts());}}Starship.Launch();Steam.SetGameScore(10, 10);"
,Recommended,427520,28891078,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yugatha,"Great game! Should've been a major contender for the ""Just 5 more minutes"" Steam award."
76561198054678192,Recommended,427520,35140305,Posted: 22 September,all,Schmell My Gadget,"There is literally nothing wrong with this game. If you find something you don't like, mod it out. I am biased though, I love the game. I have owned it since it came out in alpha. If you enjoy min/maxing in games, managing a lot of things, powercreep? All kinds of stuff to occupy your OCD mind."
76561198007423887,Recommended,427520,21626037,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Angelo Dante,"This game is nothing short of mechanical crack!You start as a survivor of a spaceship crash on an alien world. You want off said rock, because the native bugs are none-too-friendly. So you begin by very simple mining, smelting, and assembly of increasingly high-tech components to survive, then industrialize. Most games would have you do this yourself, with your own inventory and crafting benches. Not this. You will need tens of thousands of units of coal, iron ore, and copper rolling into your facilities by automated railways and load/unload terminals before you even get close to accomplising what you need. You have to be the engineer building up what you need piece by piece from a huge array of low and high technology. Coal fired mining rigs, conveyors, splitters, inserters (robot arms to move things), flying logistical and construction robots are just a few of the many things you need to use to achieve your ulitmate goal - build a huge rocket and get off this rock before the natives get too restless for you to handle.The trick is that the more you industrialize, the larger an area around your facilities you pollute. Bugs don't like pollution, and spawn attacks on you from each hive that falls within your pollution zone. Of course, you can build a truck, even a tank, fuel it up, load up on ammo, and go out and erase these hives to thin out the attacks if you like. You'd also be well advised to build walls and gun turrets to defend your far-flung mining complexes, because the maps get large. Thats why you'll be building diesel locomotives and laying rails to reach these resources deposits and meet your production needs.As an aside the game can run on a potato, which is always a nice thing for gamers on a tight budget.10/10 Would assemble mechanical crack again and again!"
,Recommended,427520,35189106,Posted: 24 September,all,redl,10/10 game say no to crack yes to cracktorio
76561197995320250,Recommended,427520,31004099,Posted: 7 April,all,Bronn,"I can really recommend this game. Its not for everyone, but once you get hooked its like crack"
,Recommended,427520,35171273,Posted: 23 September,all,Flea Blorg,fun and good
,Recommended,427520,32303807,Posted: 9 June,all,garyfast,Best $20 Ive ever spent! Ive been playing everychance I get and Im starting to dream about new combinations for automation Im so into it!
,Recommended,427520,35394465,Posted: 1 October,all,Moose,Best ♥♥♥♥ing game. And it's only in early access.
,Recommended,427520,31993162,Posted: 27 May,all,pepe's wiener,"This game is a masterpiece. it has an unique gameplay, infinite ways to play it, the dev team is the best ever thanks to them Factorio is not one of those promising game that get ruined by money hungry devs that left unfinished crap to the community like dayzi've played during the early days of the game way before it makes it to steam, at this time i was a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and i didn't understand english so i left playing for a long time. I tought this game was dead and one day some fan made news site started posting devlog in french as the game gained popularity. i was hyped i bought it and since then i'm genuinely having fun, it helps me curing crippling depression and meme addiciton.would recommend 8/8 - IGN"
,Recommended,427520,28476944,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Strayer_J,This game is amazing... Would need to stop playing to write a more in depth review.
,Recommended,427520,21485902,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Poore,"The game that took my childhood fantasies of massive complicated factories and put it into my hands.Thank you for this wonderful game, developers."
76561198103450276,Recommended,427520,33792578,Posted: 25 July,all,Sycorax,"This game is fantastic. Properly addictive, highly challenging and an absolute hit!!"
76561198036253213,Recommended,427520,33755866,Posted: 23 July,all,General Fei,Minecraft for grownups.
76561198184377929,Recommended,427520,33338625,Posted: 7 July,all,CPL T,"300+ hours later I -still- want to play this, I will play this game until my brans leak out of my ears and my eyes fall out.pros: world customization, multiplayer, peaceful mode for the non-confrontationalcons: you'll never sleep again"
76561198009283741,Recommended,427520,34333393,Posted: 18 August,all,groincanard,Engineer's wet dream.
76561198337287899,Recommended,427520,33252848,Posted: 4 July,all,bligityblarg,"Of all the games ive ever played, including steam games, this is one of the best sandbox games ive ever played, rivaling minecraft. Although the campaign is a little hard to get into, freeplay has much to offer. If it wasnt obvious in the pictures, this game is all about automation and making things work. In singleplayer, you start out as a lonely little dude who knows practically nothing. Then, as you play, you unlock certain technology by researching stuff in a lab that looks like Dr.Frankenstein's labratory (you will find out why by turning it on). Having beat the game, contrary to what the steam achievements might say, i am still a relative noob to about half the game. The reason for so is that there are so many options for doing the same thing. Need to generate power? you can do solar power with giant batteries, or steam engines, or both! The game also prompts you to improvise and build your own thing, or use a previously saved blueprint to copy-paste designs! Blueprints were buffed in 15x, because now you can save blueprints to your pc rather than the world, and you can ""borrow"" your friends' designs to use later. Since beating the game, i have entered a world of discovery and awesomeness: the community made mods! if you get bored playing the same old thing, the same challenge, you can make it harder by adding more mods to make enemies stronger. theres also mods for storage, robots, better automation, and practically anything else you can immagine. Last but not least is the active playerbase. No matter what version you use (except maybe the alphas) there are a ton of people that play their worlds online, so they can meet new people and make new friends. For those with a tighter circle, there is a password lock and a ""steam friends"" filter to the browsing, making playing a single world much easier. This is bligityblarg, and i approve of this message :)"
76561197989442376,Recommended,427520,21631999,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Bowser 3000,"I first started the game, then it was 3AM"
,Recommended,427520,22116509,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Retrikaethan,just throwing my vote onto the pile.
,Recommended,427520,22114816,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TumedSm,"Best game evah <3 !!!  Also, they mispelled bugfix and put bufix... So its gotta be good! :D"
,Recommended,427520,22667137,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,iMac Pro,Gonna automate blue science. 4am still not done.
,Recommended,427520,22793692,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Papa Uber,"Ever play tekkit or feed the beast in your life?Remember the addiction of building huge factories to automate production of things and feeling accomplished in it?Welcome to factorio, a game where you can really do what you wish as it is a sandbox with no real story (unless you play the campain) and a major learning curve. Once you got the basics down prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥because biters will try and penetrate your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every night and as your pollution goes up from the massive♥♥♥♥♥factory you made that just makes them want you more ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). BUT WAIT THERES MORE! You just ran out of recourses so you are butt ♥♥♥♥ed untill you get a train system up to ship materials back to your hub base. Once you think you beat all the biters and mobs, and resupplied your base you discovered that OH WAIT the biters can rellocate if you don't commit genocide on them. Fun.I seriously recommend this game to anyone who lives for automation and building factories / management and layouts. This is low graphically so my intel pentium from 1987 which cant run fucing donky kong country could run this flawlessly.Tl;dr A game about making factorys to automate everything and fending from mobs.I recommend this to everyone"
,Recommended,427520,33378800,Posted: 8 July,all,12thDoctorWik,one of the best game everPSrip real life
76561198091053959,Recommended,427520,30779365,Posted: 27 March,all,Mr. X,"Here my experienceI was interested in the game purpose: rise from nothingness into an optimized and comlex factory and launch a missile in space (actually you are a stranded visitor wanting to return home if  I'm not mistaken). I also was interested in all the optimization stuff: optimize, optimize the optimization and so on.Ok there are the aggressive natives that do not want you on their planet (maybe I should pay some rent?) but the uncertainty given by this gives an additional spice to the game,ok, these was what i expected, what did I get? Exactly this, amazing... and it is still in early acess now when I'm writing, more improvements have still to come.A big plus: involved processes are not always simple but the campaign guides you step by step, it's learning by doing.Well done, I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,427520,33383356,Posted: 8 July,all,FatHammer,"This game is absurdly addicting, but very dangerous if you have work the next morning.  Be prepared to completely lose track of time, and not snap out of the trance until 2AM."
,Recommended,427520,31160919,Posted: 15 April,all,Polygonal Person,"Absolutely amazing. Base game'll bring you in for hours upon hours, and once that's done? Try Bob's or Angel's mods. Or even both at the same time!"
76561197984507455,Recommended,427520,21719177,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Bugs Mr Argus! Zillions of em!,"This game has given me crippling autism apparently, I haven't been outside in weeks.In all seriousness though: This is a puzzle game wearing the clothes of a citybuilder that's being attacked by bugs. What started as a small mining/smelting compound turned into a small arms factory that automatically loaded its perimeter turrets. That in turn turned into a sprawling compound mass manufacturing explosives and tank parts.Now I'm at the point that the factory mass produces more factories. The tank is less of a tank now and more of a rolling geneva convention violation/constructon platform, filling alien hives with landmines and chemical weapons before laying out... more factory.As socially crippling addictions go: 10/10 wont go outside again."
,Recommended,427520,28412668,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SNAJOO,"I absolutely LOVE this game. If you haven't already been pursuaded by the incredible amount of positive feedback, let me tell you that you WILL LOVE THIS GAME. No matter who or what you are, this game is amazing. It centers around automating every process of your character's life. The general sequence of gameplay goes as follows: (SPOILER ALERT!)-Setting up mines (With fuel needed) and automating storage.-Getting electricity from hydropower.-Setting up electric loaders and miners-Starting production of Red Science Packs (Vital for research)-Researching a ton of crap-Starting production of other science packs and/or resources-Trains and/or dronesEtc. etc.You eventually wind up with a ton of resources produced per second, and you can fly off the planet in a rocket if you wish. (End game)The game's graphics and enemies are similar to those of the Starcraft series. However, in Factorio you are playing in the FIRST PERSON! Overall, I would highly reccomend this game to any human living on this planet. (As long as you have a computer :P)"
,Recommended,427520,35470779,Posted: 4 October,all,blyatman,is good
76561198354995857,Recommended,427520,35476785,Posted: 4 October,all,childishtan,One of the best games I've ever played. Its very addictive.
,Recommended,427520,35471059,Posted: 4 October,all,Tenticle hentai,Factorio > Life
,Recommended,427520,34103275,Posted: 8 August,all,XxX_Faggot_Loser_XxX,That moment when you realize burner inserters insert into not only burners.
76561198257825576,Recommended,427520,22164772,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Swift1549,i like the game but i have no idea how to do multiplayer if u do know how comment on this reveiw :)
76561198032103497,Recommended,427520,22165463,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Zeon,"I own this game for 1 month now and played exactly 178 hours. I wouldnt play a bad game for almost 6h a day. If you dont have a life, get this game!"
,Recommended,427520,22167413,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,bronzesilvgold,"This game is beautiful. While there are certainly small elements that are being polished, in the short two weeks I have had the game and put in 30+ hours I have witnessed a true masterpiece edge closer to perfection with small updates.But more importantly. There's no reason to read this review. 99% positive review should say it all. The 1% are silly."
,Recommended,427520,22167819,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mr. Dr. PhD Expert,"Factorioa game with lots of engineering possibilities and RUINING THE PLANET WITH GENOCIDE AND POLLUTION IS LIKE CHINA SIMULATOR TRUMP SIMULATOR AND RAIDING MONGOLIA SIMULATOR AT THE SAME TIME!!!!!!!Anyway, a game about automation and getting lots of loot and keeping it going and defend it from aliens (MONGOLIANS) and you (TRUMP/CHINA) crashed landed into a earth-like environment""very wow much goodness"" -Emain Macha""BUILD A WALL 'N GENOCIDE!""-Big Shiee""noice""-Rebel army"
,Recommended,427520,22168108,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nikachu132,Tanks. Train systems. Robots.Enough said.
,Recommended,427520,22169094,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xantog,"Best twenty dollars spent, BUY IT, JOIN US, BECOME ONE OF US!"
76561197982697323,Recommended,427520,22169208,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Rasm,"Pretty amazing game. It should seriously come with a time travel warning for optimizer addicts. Too many times I found myself playing for 'just a bit' and then finding out its 2am and I've been playing for 7 hours straight. This game makes 120 hours feel like 30 hours. I've built everything and done everything but oddly I want to do it all again, faster, with harder settings, more restrictions, and larger better bases. The developers seem to keep adding things so I might have to just keep playing... This is still 2016 right?"
,Recommended,427520,22169723,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,R[K]V,This review was written by a robot that was created by a fully automated factory that was built by robots
76561198281142434,Recommended,427520,22176525,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,eric_the_greatone,Highly recommend this game. I would love to see some small tweeks when it comes to enimes...I dont know what but something not bad though. Game takes a lot of thought process and follow through. Watch some videos on youtube to understand a few things if you jump right into it not doing the campain.
,Recommended,427520,22176806,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DervishMarauder,A great craft/survival game that feels very fleshed out even in early access.Don't usually leave reviews but after seeing some of the ridiculous negative reviews couldn't help but have some input to counteract at least 1 of them.Fills that little crafting hole that I had in my life perfectly!
,Recommended,427520,22178471,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,HexDev,"An Awesome, Addicting game. if you have enough time and like awesome games, play this game now NOW"
76561198242516198,Recommended,427520,22181226,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,t,A very interesting and testing game when new forms of technology are unlocked. Provides hours of new gameplay and only remains slow in the beginning stages.
,Recommended,427520,22182312,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Momo the Merry Mommer,"""Outstanding""-Paladin DanseCouldn't have said it any better"
,Recommended,427520,22182613,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Obergruppenführer Korean,"Started a new game, all went great... until dozens of aliens attacked me and I didn't even know how to shoot. 10/10"
76561198081303591,Recommended,427520,22187161,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,HexenMeister,This Game gives me the nostalgia of the chris sawyer RC1 and 2 days ♥♥♥♥ing awsome and would play forever
,Recommended,427520,22190384,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Flynxx,"Bought the game expecting to never end up playing it like every other game I buy. Downloaded it, and 4 days later I have 36 hours of playtime. I can't stop thinking about this game and how to optimize and design new layouts. Help me, I'm addicted......"
76561197996976060,Recommended,427520,22190693,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BenjiTheHunted,"Fantastic management game.  Combines base building with crafting and resource management and a bit of RTS.  Setttings + Mods allow you to further refine and explore the bits that you like the best.  The developers seem really cool and keep the dialogue going on their work.  I also have experienced very few bugs.  In fact ... I've only had one or two issues that I can't even be sure were the games fault (might have been a video card driver crash).My only complaint ... and it's not a complaint really ... is that I want MOAR!  More objects, more resources, more objectives in the end game.  All things the developers I'm sure are working on.  I've also had pretty good success finding Mods to do some of these things."
,Recommended,427520,22192992,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ToastedSnake,"Factorio is a game that through playing reveals its true story and message to you.At first you are simply trying to build things, to build things.Then as you expand more and more, the natives aggresively begin to hinder your progress.From defense, to offense, to having shifted your whole production line to kill them.Kill them on an ever larger scale. More villages begin to fall.Why wait till they expand, wipe them off the planet while they are small.Genocide it is.And then the plot drops.You are America, industrializing a whole planet, murdering it's native population.Stopping at nothing to get into space.Space..spaceship..the thing that crashed here and started the whole thing.It hits hard...you might not be the hero in this story... after leaving nothing but dead planets in your wake.America Simulator 201611/10 would genocide natives again"
76561198034328445,Recommended,427520,22195495,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Wasteland,11/10 would lose job over this game again
,Recommended,427520,22201660,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Hagmanz,"This game is great!I played alot the past week, about 53.3 hours. However alot of those hours where spent only having the game running so my science♥♥♥♥♥♥would get done. But it was just the perfect amount of effort for me (I was sick with high fever). So i played on ""peacfull"" and didn't really optimise my factory to the max. And built no train or robots.So ofc im gonna go at it again and  do all that.Also this is an early access game, and as is right now ofc it has some flaws etc but the amount of hours you get out of it ""as is"" is incredible. And at a awesome game.Right now im at 0,38 € per hour.And with that said, i hope the game is gonna get more content and♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. And when that is all over we also have the mods to consider.Great game, great buy,NO REGRATS!"
,Recommended,427520,22210552,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nuclear Catsplosion,"I bought this game in the morning to play with friends, decided to try it out quick.Next thing I know the sun's down and I'm getting a call to join their game. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22210856,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Flik0v,How the ♥♥♥♥ is it 8am already?
76561198048967087,Recommended,427520,22211154,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Snowballe,Everything I love about Minecraft's redstone with none of the grindy feeling I hate. Perfect. c;
,Recommended,427520,22212714,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,o_sleep,"Everything can be automated, the fun is in trying to figure out how to do that."
76561198118815945,Recommended,427520,22215146,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,joe_frearson,"Enjoyable to play And lots of combinations for bases.Could do with an easier way to find multiplayer games rather than the current way. Maybe rooms that people can join.Also needs more Items. Start off with steam power and then solar but for a large base. Solar can't charge a lot of accumulators quick enough and steam doesn't provide enough power. Maybe some nuclear or geo-thermal. Wind power would be a good addition too. As well as maybe more types of train and car. Maybe with multiplayer ones that have manable positions.Also since you can have a personal force field and fusion reactors. Wouldn't it fit that there would be bigger ones first, Maybe base shields that can be positioned around the outside. That would be great and larger fusion reactors as steam and solar aren't great for a huge base as most of it is them.And with that. Maybe raiders or something too.Otherwise you can just drive around obliterating biter bases with a tank and they barely scratch you.I love this game so Definately recommend it especially since there's bound to be more added to it. :)   good job devs"
,Recommended,427520,22217346,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Electric Sheep,The literal crack cocaine of RTS games.  Buy at your own peril.
76561198159297785,Recommended,427520,22358028,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Avery,Automate.Automate!AUTOMATE!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,22358725,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Rewan,"WARNING: do NOT buy IF you can not resolve problems or are unable to think logicly. there are to many ppl out there alredy saying ""its to hard""it is super fun plying it. 60h+ on my first map and i still finde stuff to redo or make better. and the trains .... you can do so much with the trains.i'm alredy planing my next cupple of maps.there is a review from Holy_Sinner saying:""I used to have a family. Now I have a factory.10/10 ruined my life""all true! (exept for the ruined my life part) ^^"
76561198130356371,Recommended,427520,22488038,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,blue,Game isnt just fun it ♥♥♥♥EN FUN!!!!! it that good worth to buy. Online Just take the hat off it that good!!!
,Recommended,427520,22488096,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Common Core | PUBGBets.net,dis gud
76561198014643712,Recommended,427520,22489147,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Jawarisin,pure awesomeness
,Recommended,427520,22126390,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ms. WhiffsALot,"Short review: I'm addicted already. somebody please help. I have assignments I'm supposed to be doing :(Long review: This game is perfect for anyone who is obsessed with organization, automation, and similar tasks, such as myself. It's the perfect type of sandbox game, where there is in fact an ""end game objective,"" although you are not forced toward it, you suffer no consequences for not going for it, and you can create things far beyond the supposed end.The in-game tutorials are wonderfully interactive, and they really help the user get a feel for how the flow of gameplay works during ""early,"" ""mid,"" and ""late"" game. Though, like a lot of indie games (e.g. Minecraft), to make sure you don't miss anything about features/mechanics, it is often very necessary to look at online tutorials to push you along.Overall, this game is completely unique in many ways, and offers some incredibly inventive features (logistic + construction robots!) with a relatively tiny impact on performance. You can have some very complicated factories going on a basic laptop and it runs with no problems.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,427520,22127943,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,chz,"There is a lot of good things to say about this game.Extremley well thought out balancing needed. Addictive gameplay. Challenges your brain, not your reflexes.Have a lot of hours in game, and still it feels fresh and exciting."
76561198042729408,Recommended,427520,22128100,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,pargfrieder,It was nice!
76561197967596469,Recommended,427520,22129805,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Aces&eightS,Excellent game.
,Recommended,427520,22133112,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Marcus,"Wow! This game is fantastic! You may need to watch a few youtube videos to help you generate some ideas, but the game is simple and super fun after you get the hang of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22133966,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,[PwR] Kastor,My Factory is my life now.It's an awesome new take on a resource management game. As a massive fan of the Anno series this game hits all the right notes for me. It's a resource management game without the worry of pleasing a bunch of demanding citizens. You build your factory by looking out for number one.Combat is simple and not a central mechanic. No aiming is required.The direction and order you take the game is up to you.The game world is infinitely huge but requires technology to scan unexplored areas of the map.Game is addictive / 10
76561198056984469,Recommended,427520,22135320,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Putzen,"I have to do something less addicting, like crystal meth."
76561198259522311,Recommended,427520,22138793,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Oppressed Turkey Boy,Amazing game but could do with better multiplayer systemEdit: It turns out I was being thick the multiplayer works fine
,Recommended,427520,22150820,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Iom-Nick,"At first, I was skeptical about this game, as it seemed to be fairly simplistic, however upon parting with my money, I have found it to be well worth it!If you ever played Tekkit (Minecraft Mod) then you will understand the concept of gathering materials to build machines to gather those materials for you, and basking in your society of machinery! this is very much alike to that concept, however the orgnaisation required is much more technical, and also feels slightly more indepth.Materials mainly consist of Iron, Copper, Coal, Wood and Oil with regards to what you may actually gather. Everything else is fairly synthetic and must be created.for a game in early access, i'd say it was well worth the money!"
76561197972559517,Recommended,427520,22157626,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mily,"Seen some guys play this at Fragfactory Lan looked boring oh God Damn i was so so wrong, Absoluty loving it"
,Recommended,427520,22160465,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The Chadd,I love this game.Even though it's still in early access it feels (so far .. 20 hours in) like a complete game.Best £15 I've spent in a long LONG time.I am addicted to this game.
,Recommended,427520,22168285,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,sourcescrub,"Maybe I'll just automate this, then I'll go to bed.I guess I can do this too.Well there's no point in automating that without automating this too!Stupid aliens...time to start maiking guns to defend my factory...Ugh, I ran out of resources here. Guess I'll have to setup a railway to another resource node.Okay, finally done. OH CHRIST IT'S 5 AM10/10 game, will consume your soul"
76561198006734457,Recommended,427520,22168977,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ROBINO,This game is finished.  Early access it is not.I just finished my first playthrough.  It took 70 hours.Thoroughly enojoyable.  This is a brilliantly produced game.11/10 would pollute a random planet again
76561198060452371,Recommended,427520,22169528,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ErTh32,"Factorio, Factory-O. Factory-Okay why the hell am I playing a game about a factory? Was the question i asked myself when I first started this game, but before I could even figure out the proper way to pronounce the title I became so engrossed with this game that it was almost an Obsession. You start out by making everything you need, essentially in your pockets (which im ignoring how little sense that makes) but as the grow and build you automate literally everything. literally. Everything. Which then creates the problem of spacing and arrangement and everything else, which tunrs into a ""5 more minutes"" kinda deal which isnt really 5 minutes more like 5 hours. BUT WAIT THERES MORE. In case sprawling industrialism isnt your thing than theres also.. get this... FREAKING ALIENS...THAT EAT THE POLLUTION YOU MAKE....AND ARE HELL BENT ON RAVASHING YOU. So yea. boom. buy this game. so great"
76561198116108105,Recommended,427520,22171838,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Leinarie,Skipped two days of sleep on this game!Very addicting and interesting.10/10
76561198251147120,Recommended,427520,22190903,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,joewillie,I love this game. It can have a hypnotic effect on you. It is a thinking game.
,Recommended,427520,22191555,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SINK,"Factorio is a 90 style top down factori builder. You are strandet on a planet. You don't need food! It is not a clasic survival game! Then you play it for five minutes. You think that this game is ok. You go get a drink. Then you are tierd becouse you spendet the whole night playing factorio. After some hours you are thinking about your factori. You say:""Just five minutes. OK?"" Then you waste your day playing this game. 10/10 woud skip the entier day again!PS: Read some guids."
,Recommended,427520,22192841,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,azinz,MMMMMAAAAASSS PRODUCTIOOOOOOOON
76561198042251811,Recommended,427520,22194254,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Spaghetti Hallo,This game talks to my inner nerd i love this game hit me like a ton of bricks when it came out never heard about it before sadly this game is in early access this kinda put me off when i first saw it but now that I've played it for a bit it feels like a complete game.To all new comers this game looks complex but it's only as complex as you the engineer want it to be.One thing i think they should add not that its a problem but a little more options when it comes to creating power like a nuclear reactor or something that would be cool as hell.9.9/10 - Spaghetti IGN
,Recommended,427520,22195235,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DecentBloke,"If and when they make multiplayer very easy to do then this would get a solid 10/10.Unfortunately they haven't.... Yet.This game is loads of fun and I couldn't recommend it more.If you enjoy building and automation then this game is perfect for you.It's currently standing on a 9/10 for me until multiplayer is easier to do, until then it remains a 9."
76561197999674330,Recommended,427520,22209933,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Big B,Good Game for $20
76561198136664312,Recommended,427520,22212341,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ross the Great,"Great game, so very fun to play! and you can never hit peak efficiency in anything!"
76561197962414644,Recommended,427520,22216089,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,hasu,"Yup, get it"
76561198103743488,Recommended,427520,22359459,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Argetlahm,Purchasing this game was a huge mistake.......Now i don't have a life outside Factorio.The only thing that i've ever think about everyday is about expanding my territories and redesign my factory to be more efficient! God help me....I hope they will add many Steam Achievements in the future.
,Recommended,427520,22359919,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Mattias,"Absolutely fantastic game for people with a creative bent who enjoy coming up with solutions to problems and then making those solutions as efficient as humanly possible, only to then realize that it would be SO MUCH COOLER to do it this or that way and poof 8 hours gone and your factory is the sweetest thing to ever clunk & whirr.My only gripe with the game is that there's currently very little by way of descriptive tooltips for most things, so I've been tabbing out and googling quite a lot since I started some 30 hrs ago. (Many thanks to the people who made all the great tutorials online, helped me out big time!)It is still in Early Access though, and other than a lack of info I must say that it is a surprisingly solid product - haven't encountered a single bug(other than the ones my turrets take care of ;) ) or issue. Just a wonderful experience through and through, that kept me going - and having fun - since I bought this game on a slow friday night three days ago.Have to get back in there now, plenty to do, plenty to do. Got an awesome idea while at work that I've been dying to try out.Superrecommended!"
,Recommended,427520,22486949,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,BESOURO ROLA BOSTA,LOKO
,Recommended,427520,22488735,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Takatomon,10/10 would lose live again
76561198253782025,Recommended,427520,22127217,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,True,Signed on just to say that Factorio has literally blown my expectations out of the water. This game is just too addicting.. and I wouldn't have it any other way! There are times where I find myself at work daydreaming/doodling away trying to come up with a more efficient design for a new machine to build that evening. The satisfaction attained when you've finished developing that perfectly efficient machine is simply unparalleled. This game just oozes math-porn and will be worth your time and effort to explore and unwind. Thank you to the developers for finally making a beautiful tool to help me relax!
,Recommended,427520,22128775,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,iko,"This game is my life now.I've played through multiple saves and kept restarting because of how inefficient my designs were once I got to late-game. The elaborate base designs that are possible and the infinitely expanding worlds make this game worth hundreds of hours of playtime easily. Each time you have a nice base you will think to yourself ""sure this is nice but I could do better"". Reluctantly you restart again and repeat the pattern. The survival aspect of the game is also interesting. You have to build base defenses but it isn't a main focus which is something I like. The game is more focused on teching up and efficiency of your base design.I have played it for so many hours straight that when I would look at text on the web I would think to myself ""I should add an inserter here"". I had dreams of this game two nights in a row. If you want to keep your sanity I wouldn't buy this game it's  just too good. Trust me."
76561197978693054,Recommended,427520,22134238,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Piran,"A building/resource game about min/max everything! There are some mods to the game that will make it even harder, if you are into that!Game is so far the best experience i have had this year! :D11/10"
76561198155614117,Recommended,427520,22140213,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Der Fuhrer,Cant stop playing! Simply Absolutely Fantastic!
65145613200231061,Recommended,427520,22185832,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Padan_Fain,This game is actually awesome.
76561198131543270,Recommended,427520,22188359,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Karding,Played until all my transport belts and industry was well stocked and distributed. Eye candy.Then a new resource opened up and now my infrastructure needs to be remade to accomodate the new influx.And then the natives come barging in.Makes me want to pull my hair out.That was the first 10 hours.I'm going bald now.And I. Do. Not. Mind.
76561198056664783,Recommended,427520,22212375,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheCakeIsAPie,"Start playing at 10 PM, next time I look at the clock it is 2 AM."
76561198075632145,Recommended,427520,22354153,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KoKoRo,"This game is awesome! Early game doesn't get super stale, and the late game is hours into the game per map. Highly recommend if you enjoy actually playing a game and learning new ways to do things."
,Recommended,427520,22123875,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,[2R]Spectre X,"Probably one of the most interesting sandbox games to come through Early Access recently. Two words - Starship Troopers.While the graphics arent the game's main selling point, if you've previously enjoyed titles like Transport Tycoon, Factorio is for you.It combines a simple yet fluid gameplay mechanic with an addictive Alien-survival setting; stranding you as a Space-Engineer of sorts tasked with building a full-scale mining and factory operation to not only link up with your crashed ship, but to find your allies who are stranded some distance away. Sounds easy right? Well guess who's decided they dont want you on their planet? The local Alien infestation.While its a pretty tired scenario, the game is fast-paced and can be quite challenging when you're fighting Aliens while trying to build a Furnace. Graphics are 90's era which gives it a charm unique to this title in a sea that is otherwise overcrowded with Sandbox titles. Dont be fooled by the Early Access tag, this game is stable and comprehensive despite being only an Alpha game.Its Starship Troopers meets Space Engineers. Only with less Aliens. And more trains."
,Recommended,427520,22126383,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fryle,Great game
,Recommended,427520,22158520,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,nicolas,"Spent 60+ hours on this game, and it is great. It might not be for everyone, A certain mindset helps a lot, but when I survey my megafactory, the  dozens of trains, hundreds of foundries, thousands of assembling machines, and incalculable number of belts, yet know exactly (somehow) what everything does, It is a fantastic feeling. Would absolutly recommend"
76561197969715308,Recommended,427520,22161161,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Koje,A fantastically addictive little game. Still early access but more playable than some indie final release games so do not let this put you off. Half of the fun is simply creating different ways to build what you need. If something doesn't work you can just pick up what you have constructed and rebuild a different way. Similar to Kerbal in that you will enjoy hours simply trying/exploring different things/designs rather than just playing a game. Buy it and try it.
76561197969490136,Recommended,427520,22168856,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Morkh,"SimCity meets Minecraft Feed the Beast. Extremely addictive, there is always something to do. Makes you think almost to the extreme (at least for me). Highly recommended."
76561198156297440,Recommended,427520,22210021,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nicoarn121 csgowitch.com,"#automationsimulator2016. Sit back, watch turrets shoot nightmare bugs, watch coal being burnt, pollution, rocketships, 9.5/10 would rate again. I cant stop playing it"
76561198023412049,Recommended,427520,22215037,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Buddi,one of the best games ever made!
,Recommended,427520,22486965,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Satan's friend's roommate,"This is really a wonderful game, even though it's in early access it has plenty of content.It really tests your creativity and intelligence, and there is just so much to do!(Just saying, play it on peaceful for your first time)10/10 would make a documentary on murderous aliens again."
76561198010463853,Recommended,427520,22128885,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,RussDeBucket,"Great base game, resourse managment at its best. At times its almost puzzle like in how you have to actually route items. Looking forward to the mods that will come out for this game."
76561198243066126,Recommended,427520,22160018,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Blob De Vis,its a realy cool game. factorio has become 1 of my faverate games of all time.the idea of making a factory is just awsome.
,Recommended,427520,22160740,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[CMF]Ninja,Is it a good game?  Fantastic!  Should you buy it?  Probably not.Look I'm not exactly sure where my last 24 hours went.  But I can tell you I somehow have 16 hours played...  It couldn't have been that long.  This might not be safe.
,Recommended,427520,22164377,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TheRenegade,"This is a classic example of a game that the gameplay outweighs the need to graphics.I find with most games, it's common practice to judge a game by how the graphics compare to other games in the genre. To easy to compare one FPS to another, as the gameplay is the same. This game simply has such a unique gameplay and style, that there just isn't anything to compare it to. In short if you like sim games, you'll love this.I tried thedemo on their webpageand was instantly hooked.Few points to makeSTEEP learning curve. Don't get frusterated, just automate things. That's the point.World is INFINITE, if you don't like how something is going, you can pack up and move. Or just re-factorio!I found paitence was the key! Take your time and just figure out how to make the factories dump out your goods at the end of the line. Stockpiling goods in a chest makes for easy building!!The internet if your friend! I found some decent designs on how to lay out research factories, etc. I messed around and messed around, and finally just copied someone else's, and learnt a lot just by doing that! Was able to then see the best way to lay things out and go better at playing.TONS of mods out there, some really ""fix"" some things, others make you overpowered. Reddit was a great place to find out which mods were adding to the game and which were making things to easy peasy.The only ""cons"" I found to this game wasMultiplayer can be cumbersome. There is no real ""LAN"" play, as you need to connect to an IP, rather just see your friends game. third party tools like Hamachi might help, but I just ended up making a server to play with friends.Graphics aren't great, but as I said, they don't distract from the game.That's it for cons. I found everything to be very well done. I look forward to seeing what else the devs bring out!Great game as you can go in and play for 20 min and just save and leave. Or get lost for hours...I give this game 10/10, can't go wrong for the $25. I've already put some 50 hours into it. I feel 50 cents an hour is WELL worth it!!"
,Recommended,427520,22164692,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Scorcher,Game is very stable and highly addictive!
76561198109015905,Recommended,427520,22166383,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Randy Marsh,"one of the best games i have played for years. the article end of management games descipse it very well. unfortunatly iam going stop playing unless the anounced end game content is implementet. my recomondation is to wait until the full release, i have ruined some realy good early acces games  for me with playing to much and loosing interesst when the finaly release is out. if you buy it you get at least 200h+ of good ingametime and you are gonna dream about your factory :)"
,Recommended,427520,22169716,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TheFreeman,Dont play this game if you ever want to see your family agian. Overall Amazing Game though.
,Recommended,427520,22169784,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,thejameskiller,Time consuming....
76561198056387287,Recommended,427520,22180424,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Vergona J ✯,"I thought to myself, ""what an ok game."" ""this will satisy my creativity""..... oh god how was i so wrong. 25+ hours into this game and i bought it 3 days before. i have been staying up until 2am to create a better more efficient factory. i seemed to have dragged my friends into the mental trap that this game is and they also have become brainless factory workers. my sanity is decreasing exponentialy as we speak, if im not heard from in more than a week presume im deadI recommend this game if the user would like to throw away his life, freetime, friends, family, and sanity."
76561198039109229,Recommended,427520,22181963,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,CigajK,10/10 with rice and without it.
,Recommended,427520,22183293,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mr_𝒂𝒑𝒑𝒍𝒆,planted turrets outside of native aliens10/10 would firing squad again
,Recommended,427520,22190095,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DBills,Disceptivly simple and still the most confusing thing Ive played in a long wile. Wondefuly challenging.  Ive found myself trying to find ways to automate everything from laundry to paperwork at my job..... I feel tho that somethings may not be ment for automation.11/10 will automate everything for the forseable future
76561197970580050,Recommended,427520,22190361,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Monkey D Luffy,5 more minutes turned into 15 more hours .Feels complete but would be nice with more stuff.-More Towers.-More Veichles.-More Weapons.-More Tech.-Etc.
,Recommended,427520,22190559,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Salamandrew,Too addicting. I don't have a life anymore.10/10 IGN
76561198004666905,Recommended,427520,22210319,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,mhasdrummer,So Awesome
,Recommended,427520,22210376,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sharpie32,"Are you a magpie?  Do you gotta smelt that last bit of ore?  If so, this game's for you."
,Recommended,427520,22218774,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mangle,feels like my belly has gone from water-melon size to lemon size in no time at all. This game is awesome. Prepare to build.
,Recommended,427520,22353134,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kuwwi,Minecraft without the cringe
,Recommended,427520,22486826,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[KWG] The Golden God,"When you start playing, you have no idea what to do. But, if you watch a couple of videos, it makes it alot easier and fun"
76561198025693151,Recommended,427520,22128004,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Hedgehog,one word: addicting
,Recommended,427520,22130707,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ClandestineFox,Like minecraft in a way but with guns. Very addicting I'm only in the beginning.
76561198062728174,Recommended,427520,22131524,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Aleron,"Playing 'How Bad Can I Be' from 'The Lorax' fits all too well when it comes to playing this game, based on my experiences and tastes. ._.-0-Joke aside, I can easily recommend this game to anyone that likes building, maintaining, and expanding an ever-hungry machine-of-a-factory. Resource management is definitely noticeable, especially so when the resource nodes you start with eventually run out, prompting expansion to newer territories and establishing secondary bases for resource extraction.Provided you haven't switched on one option, it isn't gonna be easy all the way, since the local wildlife WILL lash out at you and your factory at some point, or rather, when pollution starts reaching their nests. And like similar mechanics, they will get tougher the more pollution you put out, so it also becomes a bit of a balance act; Optimize production and extractions but suffer heavy attacks from the resulting mass pollution, or try and be (somewhat) green yet take longer to get larger projects done.Despite the game being in early access, it does take a good while to try and get everything done, especially so if trying to be green and/or get all techs researched. There are mods for this game as well if there are those who are into the mod-making/using scenes, and like always, mods expand the content of the game even more and/or provide fixes for stuff that's currently botched. Can't really think on how often updates are gonna be coming out, but based on what all's present in the game, I am looking forward to seeing what all gets added in later versions.The multiplayer side of the game...eh, if you're not a fan of portforwarding, I suggest waiting till the current system gets changed to where having to do such isn't required."
,Recommended,427520,22159055,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SATANIC SEX BOTS,played it for 20mins went to get a snack then played for 3 days non stop this game is worth every penny. I still learn new things to date while playing that I didnt see before and everytime I start up factorio I cant think of what im going to do this time because this game really has so much depth to it even in early access and I love that. most EAGs dont meet my expectations but this one sure does cant wait to see what the devs have in store for us :D
76561197964055252,Recommended,427520,22159606,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,3iN4r,"A quite satisfying infrastructure building game, though vanilla is a far too easy to defend atm.I should probably pay closer attention to the amount of factories needed per step in production of advanced ... thingys, but it doesn't matter that much. I have too much production early in the processes, and either collect some of the excess in storage for ""personal"" use, or let it queue, which makes the factories producing it take pauses as they run out of space to dump produce.Hoping for implementation of more war, as in more enemies/weapons/vehicles/buildings (both sides), just more. And if the developers do not deliver that, the community will :)It's the same as elder scrolls (except factorio's seemingly lack of crashes, bsods and bugs). The developers release a game that is insanely moddable, and if you want the best experience possible you will spend some time hunting mods."
76561198003686587,Recommended,427520,22165933,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,diceman5,Cheeky.
76561197970989361,Recommended,427520,22170165,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Miraan,Factorio... What to say... Its awsome!Not much more to say really.
,Recommended,427520,22171329,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Magiksan,"So 140 hours played, I rarely comment on games unless they are great or extremely crappy. You can assume the answer on this one. I think it is a GREAT game. It has so much potential and so much creativity. The mods make it so much more enjoyable. If they made easier multiplayer servers and some pre-build AI for mods i think this game will continue to have no limits."
76561198243390714,Recommended,427520,22177732,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Frozen Corona,Not played that much so far but this is an early reveiw.I enjoy alot of management games but this one takes top spot due to the fact that it allows you to automate anything.Play sessions normally take the same series of events-1. Load up game2. Build Factory3. Tear it down4. Build a more efficent factory5. Research all the things6. Waste your life watching materials going along conveyer belts8. Notice there was no 7 because the belt system wasn't fast enough.9. Remake the belt system.7. Redo number 710. leave game and wonder how many days have passed.11. Repeat for eternity12. Die after not eating or drinking
,Recommended,427520,22178416,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,beastgaming231,"This is my new favorite game. Its a 2d version of mine craft evcept it is millions more fun.the only complaint I have for this game is the price tag, I've bought 3 licences already for my friends and me."
76561198072483462,Recommended,427520,22187113,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Volvo Plz Nerf [TC],"played 15 hours and forgot to save, didnt even rage quit, started again 10/10"
76561198105650172,Recommended,427520,22188633,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Inquisitor Talon,"This is an awesome game I would reccommend to anyone who likes to solve puzzles, avert crisis, develop a factory, and most importantly, sit back and let your machines do all the work"
,Recommended,427520,22209766,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,NathanG,Log in once... never log off.10/10
,Recommended,427520,22217304,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,[R18] SoulFrost,"First play through,Start to finish 60 hours. Very enjoyable, very rewarding game. It's deeply satisfying to create your own automated factory. I did not even use trains (tech unlock). My factory would not be considered 'neat and tidy' infact i had conveyers, pipes, resources flowing in all manner of directions like a messed up spider web. Somehow it all came together. The great thing was it was my creation, my factory.I loved figuring it out for myself, there are super efficent designs that I used early on for some things like processing materials however the rest of it I used my imagination.10 / 10 Will play again."
76561198194303723,Recommended,427520,22351748,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Solo_Cookie,Great game needs more factory
,Recommended,427520,22356023,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Karzon,"This game scratches so many itches.  It has the grand ""one more turn"" mentality of a turn-based sim, while being real-time.  Its structure creates new problems for you to solve.  The multiplayer is solid and just adds additional players to the same game idea.  Make factories to automate something in order to make something new to automate something else!Very simple and effective mod support allows anyone to add their own additions or changes to the game.The game is huge and constantly getting support.  I'm sure I've barely scratched the surface.Also, its train management is top-notch!"
76561198011724096,Recommended,427520,22113125,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dralord,One of the best game I've play if it's not the best
,Recommended,427520,26034592,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ALLAHU AKBAR,"One of the most simplest yet complex game I have ever played. Coming from an avid DotA player, this is no mere praise. Every aspect of this game, from mining, to researching, to fighting insects, I enjoyed it thoroughly.  Every game has something to take away, you realise how you could improve your next game from the previous one you played. There is always something to learn. With the ability to install mods, be it texture packs or quality of life mods, your experience of the game will always be multiplied ten if not a hundred folds.How much do I reccomend this game? I can't reccomend this enough.If you're the kind who puts a lot of thought into things, this is the perfect brain stimulator. Put your thoughts into actions, and the actions into one single human in the factorio world, because from him, a new realm of machining is born.Thank you, you curbed my DotA addiction which no other game can.Best $25 ever spent."
,Recommended,427520,30359316,Posted: 6 March,all,Turambar,I was a bit unsure about it but I bought this game because I saw it had some very positive reviewsThis game is ruining my lifeI love itI'm going to keep ruining my lifeIf playing this game is what ruining my life feels like the I'll happily ruin my life for the rest of my life9.8/10 would happily ruin my life again
76561198127740320,Recommended,427520,35485159,Posted: 4 October,all,Lenny,This game is the reason I have faith in gaming still
,Recommended,427520,35473890,Posted: 4 October,all,Enerxy EDM,"Everytime I close my eyes, I see conveyer belts.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,35509808,Posted: 5 October,all,MargariTa,it good
76561198067391951,Recommended,427520,27685222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,O̭̔c̻̓u̞͊ĺ̖u̪̍s̨̃,"This game is really fun, if you like building complicated systems that somehow all connect ot eachother and eventually form something beautiful. Just play the demo."
,Recommended,427520,27757643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,better than crack
,Recommended,427520,24334855,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,YouLikeFishSticks,"Only owned it for two weeks, and may I say I haven't played a single game where I sat down to play and then take a second to check the time and realised I've skipped tea, haven't showered, forgotten about my home duties, homework, and my life in general. I myself love to solve problems and like being able to setup processes that I can create and make necessary tweaks to improve and reduce bottlenecks in other areas. And this is what makes Factorio so great, create your own base and assembly lines and manage your resources, power and evade having your long hours of work wiped out from an alien attack, while along the way facing small problems that have arisen as you progress along and make necessary fixes. To me I've been addicted ever since I made the purchase, and is definitely worth every dollar I spent, due to the fact that I can finish the game and start up another game and face different challenges like having barely any iron at my starting location (trust me iron is cruicial). Another note I like to make is that I also have laptop and I play games on it when I'm out and about, and to me this is a great feature which is being able to play your main game by having it being saved in the cloud. And when I've finished playing I can come home to my desktop and continue from where I left off. Although I have praised this game heavily, I do want to mention a few things, at first for some the game is very daunting from first glance. But for some (including me) can be easily overcome by watching a few Factorio series on YouTube (I recommend Aavak's series as he also explains how things work).In summary, I understand why some players have called it ""Cracktorio"" as it is so addicting, and I couldn't agree any more. You're only limted by your imagination, and there is no right or wrong way to play the game and build your factory.#waskilledbysmallbiterontutorial #donthate #stillhaven'tshowered10/10"
76561198307463558,Recommended,427520,24341167,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jac5t7,"Not going to lie, the learning curve on this game gets really steep around the time oil gets involved. It could be just me but i've restarted around 7 times so far because my factory ends up being a complete mess when i try to use oil properly. Not to say it isn't fun, I love reworking my factory and making it more efficient teach time I can't get enough of that but be warned this game requires a lot of thinking and tinkering,and probably played best with the guide opened on another tab. That being said, I highly recommend you buy this game.If you have doubts try the demo, that alone gave me several fun hours of play time.And Don't fear the early access tag, the dev team is very active on the forums and really do talk to the community often."
,Recommended,427520,21573534,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Enigma,Everything I loved the most about Minecraft in its own game with more content and building variety.
,Recommended,427520,21643621,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jacksonio22 I CSGOBlocks.com,Automation Simulator 2016.The ability to mod it makes it even more fun! Try Bob's Mods or 5Dim.
,Recommended,427520,30436231,Posted: 10 March,all,legned,spaghetti everywhere
76561198351094226,Recommended,427520,32166037,Posted: 3 June,all,durfgibbles,i missed grandmas funeral so i could automate blue science packs10/10 would miss grandpas funeral
76561197982242724,Recommended,427520,21957430,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Phoenix,"The most addicting game I have played in a very long time. The simplicity and well thought nature of the game is what makes it a fantastic title. If you enjoy minecraft, Terraria, Starbound or any of the survival type games you will find yourself playing this for hours on end. It is still in Alpha but the game as of now is still magnificent. I do not write reviews but felt the need to share for this game in particular.-Phoenix"
76561198078661156,Recommended,427520,21571420,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,FireMeNorth,"I love automation in video games.In other words, the game is heaven for me."
76561197993127821,Recommended,427520,23324612,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Govenor General,"No negatives, this game is great."
,Recommended,427520,23128175,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,retard,"Do you have autism?Do you want autism?If you answered yes to either of these questions, this game is for you."
,Recommended,427520,26055784,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Plastoma,Its just a really fun game that gets you thinking about what you're going to do next
76561198006599525,Recommended,427520,21571613,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mothis,"Bought this thing as a curiosity.In 4 days it has consumed 30 hours of my life and continues to plague my thoughts when I'm not playing. I've lost sleep and missed meals playing this thing. And now, I wonder about getting a few of my friends ""hooked"" on this digital crack.11/10 will play. A lot."
76561198282121083,Recommended,427520,30266884,Posted: 1 March,all,Spooks,You never run out of stuff to do... played it for 2 days straight... still am.10/10 would be attacked by biters again
,Recommended,427520,29656198,Posted: 2 February,all,hatiN,"Conveyors are durable and reliable components used in automated distribution and warehousing. In combination with computer controlled pallet handling equipment this allows for more efficient retail, wholesale, and manufacturing distribution. It is considered a labor saving system that allows large volumes to move rapidly through a process, allowing companies to ship or receive higher volumes with smaller storage space and with less labor expense."
,Recommended,427520,28509812,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,omae wa mo shindeiru,bought this game yesterday .... now have 14 hours...
76561197972474195,Recommended,427520,21895504,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Captain Saunders,"I only write reviews when a game is so awesome it hurts or so bad it hurts. This one is so awesome it hurts.It's just fun. Building, expanding, thinking of ways to overcome supply shortages and bottlenecks, researching new tech to make things more efficient... and the constant menance of alien attacks and their evolution.As you unlock more tech and get to laser turrets, the difficulty level becomes ""clubbing a baby seal""... but it's still fun. The aliens can be a threat if you don't set up the correct defenses... but so far... no real problems.FUN FUN FUN"
,Recommended,427520,31440813,Posted: 29 April,all,KingCatsup,great to play with friends. kinda boring on your own.
,Recommended,427520,21697407,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Somebody,"Pros:-great, unique gameplay-good example of early access is done rightcons:-music-I'm now an addict"
,Recommended,427520,21686943,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SN4KE,My 5 years of working in a production plant has prepared me for this moment.
76561198168429185,Recommended,427520,33777756,Posted: 24 July,all,why so tosic? csgoroll.com,Its like Minecraft but just the redstone. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,26315834,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CoroXx3 | Luc,"FactorioI first thought if 20€ is to much for a game like this but no it's not as you can see the hours i played it.Multi-PlayerThe Multi-player works great, you can play with friends without any other programms.It creates more fun if you play with friends and even its funny to watch the play style of other people.Game-PlayYou start on an planet and have to launch a Rocket.First you have to set up a basic factory and than you just start extending it to produce more of the needed things.After you extend your Factory you just continue to extend your Factory.The game runs like a dream, i only drop below 60FPS if i have a huge amount of Robots working in my network.For me the game is a dream (I also dream about my factory)."
76561198208022708,Recommended,427520,23012840,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,DizzyCupCakes,AMAZING GAME!!!!!!ADD me so we can PLAY when I'm on!NOW NOW NOW NOW NOWNOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!
76561198148136167,Recommended,427520,28533904,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,knuckleschan58,10/10 would die by train again
76561198026328168,Recommended,427520,28520844,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pimp_This,"So far a deceptively addictive game. Tried the demo, (good on the devs for offering one) and played it for about an hour before deciding to buy it. I've only gotten as far as creating electric power and basic research. A look at the tech tree seems to imply the rabbit hole goes pretty deep! Performance so far is good and by the look of some of the crazy factories on youtube, the game appears to be optimized well. I'm sure this will fill up hours of downtime before I even consider mods - which from what I hear is also a big part of the game and community. Still need to figure out some of the short cut keys, but the mappings thus far are pretty intuitive. The game itself isn't over complicated - yet appears to be challenging in how one goes about laying out their factory for the best optimization/utilization."
76561198202379868,Recommended,427520,32993158,Posted: 29 June,all,sebber26,This is the best game ever I love it :D
,Recommended,427520,21944606,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Col Custard Teddy,This game is boss
,Recommended,427520,25834884,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,stateg,"It's 11 p.m. I'll just build that last thing.- lacking of metal, improve production- lacking of coal, improve mining- aliens are so annoying, need to build some walls and turrets- need more electricity- copper mine exhausted, I should build railway to another one- what should I research, let's examine that researching tree- goddamn aliensIt's 3 a.m.10 smart inserters of 10"
,Recommended,427520,24699367,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tim,This is a game about building walls to stop the illegal aliens from ruining manufacturing jobs.
76561198037769060,Recommended,427520,28106675,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,dav770,"Well worth the money spent, hours of content, very addictive problem solving."
,Recommended,427520,22081768,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The one true Potatoe,"Amurica simulator 2k16This should not be called early access. Its 4 years in development and runs smooth as a baby's bottom, or whateverWhen i first saw factorio, I was excited. It had a neat look, and the idea of building my own automated factory sounded fun.Oh how right I was. I booted up and proceeded to waste 4 hours in no time, only scratcthing the music. I then proceeded to enlist the help of a friend. Needles to say, we are having amazing fun.The game is as challenging as its fun. You start researching outside the game, to find the most optimized productionline for your map, and you battle the elements, and aliens. But what is it exactly that makes it so great?The unique and interesting (and hard) mechanics that is logistics and automisations.Really, who would have thought building factories, and automating the production of iron, cobber, stone, oil, and much MUCH more. But it is. And finding ways to make sure your system doesnt clog up, while fending off the aliens on the planet with turrets, shotguns, flamethrowers, tanks, lasers, rockets.. You get the picture.It is a slow game dont get me wrong, but you dont feel like its slow, because you are constantly running around and trying to figure out, why the f**k does this part not work(?!) for the 69th time. Ultimately you resign yourself to rebuild over half your factory, for the same to happen, but a little better than last time. This constant renewing, is what makes this game so great. Its learning by your mistakes, and using the new knowledge to build bigger, better, stronger.Following is a list of what you will experience in the gameMining incredible amounts of oreBuild vast track systems for transport of goodsProduce metalsPolute the enviromentPump oilKill aliensGet killed by said aliensMore polutionMore aliensResearch techMake trains♥♥♥♥ing tanks!RocketsMake the land great again by building the greatest wallFix power outageBreak a perfectly good supply lineHave fun while also having a crisis of immense proportionsAnd much, MUCH moreTl;Dr: Amurikah simulator. Take over an alien planet, mine out its resources, polute it, and kill the inhabitants. OIL! FREEDUHM!"
76561198047855560,Recommended,427520,21609649,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,crimson blade 2,"a relly good game, indepth, a challenge - a lot can stull be done to make it even more of a challenge.it a good price and you a very likey to get your moneys worth and when it becomes easyer to make a server for you and your friends, then s**t just got real depend if you would like to go to war agansed your friends ( i do enjoy ) or just build a masave empire.highly recommend this because it dont feel like a early access game to me."
,Recommended,427520,21959772,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SiH,Help
,Recommended,427520,25253382,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,wrinklenugget,what is daylight
76561198116365452,Recommended,427520,25225283,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Le Chosen One,I thought I was strong enough to survive any addiction. Factorio proved me wrong
,Recommended,427520,22062267,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,OMGitsWloski,"This game is amazing, very complex and takes time to learn and play, i'm 11 hours into my world and not even 5% complete. This game requires you to think about the problems at hand and figure them out using different complex methods. Everything you do is your design and gives a feel of achievementIf you've played the mod for minecraft called tekkit and loved it, then this game is for you.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,27731218,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,Fantastic gem of a game that doesn't stop getting better.
,Recommended,427520,33881024,Posted: 29 July,all,Aiced Nil-st,GIVE ME BACK MY TIME!
76561198204347952,Recommended,427520,30954110,Posted: 4 April,all,hongyigames,Super addicting. Will replace all your other addictions.
76561198045675514,Recommended,427520,21566949,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Spack Jarrow,Give me back my life. Arghhhhhhh
76561198035508138,Recommended,427520,26726259,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GiggidyGooseMcGee,Best game is best.
76561198067459964,Recommended,427520,24351757,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Haru,"I wanted to start using solar panels so I wouldn't have so much pollution, so I burned down a forest with a flamethrower to make room for them."
,Recommended,427520,31365594,Posted: 25 April,all,big toad,"-gets game-makes nub factory-no defense-much polution-aliens attackTL;DR, Would get murdered by aliens again"
76561198039798884,Recommended,427520,21555826,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ns2,I'm not sure I can convey how fun this game is.CONVEY.This game is consuming my life.
76561198287453164,Recommended,427520,21560445,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Vysworn,I can't stop playing. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21628944,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Engine Er,One of the best games ever created.Period.
76561198153020206,Recommended,427520,32400909,Posted: 13 June,all,DjBunnyFresh,This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,427520,21646310,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tei,Good
,Recommended,427520,21657117,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Galactose,it's taken over my life 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21699312,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Constant_Corpse,This game just blew my brains out!Buy it and say goodbye to your loved ones!
,Recommended,427520,34800944,Posted: 7 September,all,davidincostamesa,Yes
,Recommended,427520,30798580,Posted: 28 March,all,(((Semyon The Great))),"Truly, this righteous clay is a trophy cup for the industrious autist. And this rightly so, in the service of natural selection. He who does not possess the force to secure his Lebensraum in this world, and, if necessary, to enlarge it, does not deserve to possess the necessities of life. He must step aside and allow stronger cockroaches to pass him by."
,Recommended,427520,29078409,Posted: 6 January,all,Max_Ooze,"Electronics in a game, awesome!"
,Recommended,427520,29713168,Posted: 5 February,all,Valder,Game good. I like game.
76561198273147889,Recommended,427520,29723342,Posted: 5 February,all,DrawnRaindrop55,Fun
,Recommended,427520,29715421,Posted: 5 February,all,LeSa,This game looks boring and crapy ... 10 hours later...I cant stop playing this... need more crazy automated factories!!PROS:Use your head!Cons:Lose your head!::::: GOOD JOB WUBE ! :::::
76561198025006913,Recommended,427520,29825454,Posted: 10 February,all,Nocturne,Absolutely addicting.
76561198232222912,Recommended,427520,32095835,Posted: 31 May,all,OceanicEnder3333,This Is most likely my favriot game besides KSP
,Recommended,427520,24924719,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Cashew,1. launched up game2. walked into an alien hive3. died.gr8 game m8 i r8 this game 8/8
76561198190710127,Recommended,427520,24429038,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,aubergine18,"Update: Devs are super responsive, constantly improving game, bugs are fixed pronto. Great team, great game!* Crash landed on M-class planet* Mined some stone and coal with an axe* Used stone and coal to build furnace* Used furnace to build mining machines* Built conveyor belts to move mined resources to furnaces* Built robots to put resources in furnace* Gradually turned entire planet in to massive automated factory* Caused lots of pollution* Nature got mad and attacked* Was eaten by bugsDigested/10 - would pollute entire planet again"
,Recommended,427520,24426160,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,CynicalFiend,"I absolutely love it, there's nothing wrong with it, nice community, nice dev team. Nothing to not like about it."
76561198187223457,Recommended,427520,35095517,Posted: 20 September,all,Orangenoise16,"I uh... I need to go outside now, the many hours i have in this game was done in one sitting. get this game its fun"
,Recommended,427520,22816606,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,>//The_FALCON;TnY,"If you are a perfectionist, don't touch this game. If you dare the game will consume your life. You have been warned.Now buy this game. It's worth every cent!"
76561197984924413,Recommended,427520,29730458,Posted: 5 February,all,Terra,-weekend-finally time to play factorio-waking up at 9 a.m.-intesive playing-♥♥♥♥ what time is it?-11 p.m.This game is dope.
,Recommended,427520,29728848,Posted: 5 February,all,TabularElf,"MUST. BUILD. MORE. FACTORIES.On a more serious note. I used to play a lot of Minecraft back in the day, and I would often create modpacks that would be as vastly insane and fun. Factorio is a lot like my modpacks, and it's personally the best game I've probably played in a long time. I'm heavily addicted to it atm."
76561198007010247,Recommended,427520,21695151,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Xelnaga,"I have played the last 20 years of manager/buidling/economics simulator ... this is for sure in my all time TOP 3. This game show human genius and creativity, and will prove ur managing skills to the top. I have bought this, after trying it for a while, because when people make art, you have to show ur appreciation. People always says ... ""don't forget to eat/sleep"" and stuff like that ... in this case u'll really forget about everything else, u'll understand u've been playing too much when you will try to scroll windows screen with ""W"" key ... Great game 9/10. If they add content they've promise they will add, and improve campaign story line ... it will be 10/10 at official launch! FACTORIO = pure FUN!!!"
,Recommended,427520,22013974,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,𝕲𝖗𝖎𝖋𝖋𝖎𝖓,Factorio is a real jewel.
,Recommended,427520,21956053,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ruskimalooski,"I hate most games.Except this one.This one is good.Very good.If you enjoy builder games (KSP, City Skylines, etc.) you will love this."
,Recommended,427520,21872843,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,123,Un. Frickin'. Believable. Game.
,Recommended,427520,24031510,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Yama,This game satisfies my conveyor belt fetish adequately.
76561198246176650,Recommended,427520,30723158,Posted: 25 March,all,Kinetic,"SummaryMicro Transactions: NoIn a Series: NoGenre: SandbocSub-Genre: Survival, sandboxGraphic Style:Sounds: Well madeReplayable: YES, 10/10 ReplayablityLong ReviewFactorio is an incrediblly fun game to play with friends or by yourself. It uses forward thinking and design to make surethere is no clutter and you can build multiple machines. It takes time as you start with coal powered machines then workyour way up the tech tree using different technology. Factorio is a great game to play with friends, with an online modeallowing you and your friends to play together at your homes or at each others houses. All round factorio is a great gamethat is worth the $20, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,427520,21659963,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dubslar,"Factorio is by far one of the best games i have ever played. Its like minecraft/sim city, its a creative game, its a factory sim, its a puzzle game, its an isometric action game all in one. You can literally dump hundreds of hours into factorio easily.The game is very well optimized, I have not experienced a single bug aside from latency issues in multiplayer.The multiplayer would be my only issue with the game. It still uses the old ""Open port connect using IP"" method.Which is extremely outdated, and should be changed...  Then again, this is an EA review and we may see proper multiplayer being implemented in the future."
,Recommended,427520,21617266,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,fUn*z13l5ch31b3,"Best buy in 2016 so far. Beginner friendly but complex, fascinating and intuitiv gameplay.  Started without YT or HowTo, left the computer 6 hours later after firstgame. Dreamt something weird of industrial stuff."
,Recommended,427520,33375673,Posted: 8 July,all,Andy,I cannot find anything to wrong to say about this game. Everything is perfect.
,Recommended,427520,24102207,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dLo,"After a few bad run ins with 'early access' or more commonly known as 'abandonware' I begrudgingly pulled the trigger on Factorio.  Yes, during the Steam Summer Sale while the game wasn't even on sale!  Yeah, shame on me.I downloaded this first since it was the smallest download size of the basket of goodies I had just gotten.  108 hours later over the last 5 days... I still havn't touched any of the AAA titles that I purchased during the Summer Sale.  Can I say that I am addicted to this game?  Absolutely.But let's cut to the chase.  I don't even know why this game is still considered early access.  The game feels complete to me.  If there was never another release from now until eternity I would still be a happy camper.It is games like this one that just kill me... maybe one day I will be able to play one of the other 100+ games in my collection that I havn't even loaded up yet.  Summer of gaming?  Try Summer of Factorio!"
,Recommended,427520,24442120,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,EvanBot33,"I recomend this game, if you like to micromanage. The real reason i'm wrighting this is to put out some none game changing bugs, for example, the steam achievments are bugged. I reasearched oil prossesing and it didn't give me the achievment. And then the arrow in the minimap points in the wrong direction you are facing. Other than that, realy good game."
76561198025012341,Recommended,427520,22126872,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Boomon,Did you play Minecraft?Did you try Tekkit?was tekkit a sub par experience?Buy factorio and get everything you wanted from both minecraft and tekkit
,Recommended,427520,22183602,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RedRocket,DANKTORIO IS TEH MUST MLG GAM EVA SO WURTH THE 25 HOURS IN 2 DAYS 11/10 11/10 11/10
,Recommended,427520,22145248,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Acidshrooms C:,Best ♥♥♥♥ing game i've played in a long time
,Recommended,427520,22152304,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,snowskijunky,"This game is ridiculously addicting.卐/10Seriously though, the game mechanics are very well thought through...Even little things are accounted for, like when you are speed placing electric poles and run into a tree, the game auto places one behind the tree so you can keep going. I was surprised to find out this is in ""early access"" because it feels much more finished than most ""early access"" titles. There's also plenty to keep you busy. I haven't even finished the endgame ""rocket launch"" after 25 hours. Overall, loads of fun!The only thing that could use work imo is the cars...they're a tad hard to control. It would be nice if you could just click somewhere on your screen and it would automatically take the quickest/easiest path there. The WASD controls are just wonky and you end up wrecking alot."
76561198281182836,Recommended,427520,33875481,Posted: 29 July,all,frog cunt,virtual equivilent of heroine.
,Recommended,427520,21690785,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Paragon,I guess you could say this game is pretty.... SatisFACTORY.
,Recommended,427520,32900356,Posted: 27 June,all,Francis,uhhhhhhhhhhh...yes
,Recommended,427520,30012687,Posted: 18 February,all,ei em verrie verrie bet pleier 2,"Factorio is one of those games which falls into the category ""five more minutes"". It's easy to learn, but really hard to master. Your goal is to start with nothing, and eventually launch a rocket from an automated rocket silo. A real tycoon game in it's own right. It's still in Early Access, but seeing how far the developers have come in the last 4 years, it's really hard for me not to recommend this game to any tycoon-fan.+ Graphics are really basic, but look good+ Easy-to-run on any system which isn't from the Stone Age+ Addictive+ Really rewarding, every step you make has rewards and consequences in them+ The map generator works excellent and you can customise the map to your liking+ Apart from the normal ""survival"" mode, peaceful mode is also available, which makes it a sandbox!+ This game makes you think about the way you automate things in your real life+ Really moddable, lots of mods already available+ Multiplayer is great fun, although I haven't played it with friends, it's still great fun+ The developer is really supportive, listening to feedback and pushing updates multiple times per month= The casual Early Access warning, if you like what you see right now, buy it, otherwise wait for the final versionOverall, I'd recommend this title if you like automation, sandbox, tycoon and managment games. I would like to point out that the developer has already spoken out on Steam Sales via their own website (link):#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAre you planning to participate in Steam sales or Bundles? No.So do not expect this game to drop down in price. Even so, I think this is worth the full 20 bucks. It's a really great title, a must have in my eyes, but only for the right kind of player.Final conclusionA: Must have.B: Great game, picking this title up in a sale is almost a steal.C: It's OK, worth it in a sale, but lower your expectationsD: Not worth it, unless it's 90% off, or if you really want itE: Technical disaster, do not buy this at any circumstances"
76561198061750921,Recommended,427520,29940651,Posted: 15 February,all,DeadMan_Playing,"I'm not intelligent enough to play factorio to its true extent and make use of its advanced content, but it's still incredibly fun and rewarding."
76561198016946231,Recommended,427520,29620607,Posted: 31 January,all,Energist,"First hour: ""So what is the point?""Second hour: ""Ok, so I'm working towards a rocket...ok""10th hour"" : ""Why isn't the accumulator getting more juice?""20th hour: "" Wow, biters are tough now. I better prepare.""50th hour: ""Wait.. why was I played again?""mods installed.Oh my. This game is making games great again!"
,Recommended,427520,21576117,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Earl of Lemongrab,This game is absoulty amazing. 10/10 must buy.
,Recommended,427520,21578724,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Thegreen16,See that ore? You can mine that!
,Recommended,427520,21571446,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Captain Taco,i bought this on a saturday afternoon and my life disappeared.
,Recommended,427520,31675010,Posted: 10 May,all,ツ Ajar Axx,"Buy this game.There is no other words needed, justBUY THIS GAME.11/10 would die to trains again"
,Recommended,427520,21664413,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Munkeh,"I Love this game, there's no easy way to put it...I like the fact it's simple but at the same time brutally tricky, considering all the game really consists of is attempting to correlate input / output effect with a heavy leaning on logistic management, it manages to do so in a way that utterly absorbs me.Such a silly simplistic concept but I've had so much intrigue (fun isn't quite the right word...) while playing. This game is 110% worth the asking price.Buy this game if you enjoy:-- resource management (aka settlers)-- city build sims (aka cities skylines)-- micro and macro organisation (aka no game that I'm aware of?)Don't be fooled by the somewhat retro/simplistic graphics, underneath there is a game that will make your brain angrily happy."
,Recommended,427520,21679397,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,sG | Fishy,Extremely clever and satisfying.Makes a great alternative to cocaine
76561198119642680,Recommended,427520,21536742,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Г𝓚𝓾𝓻𝓲𝔂𝓪𝓶𝓪𝓜𝓪𝓻𝓲」 trade bot,"Can't stop playing this game at all! Go ahead, you can't be wrong. And they do provide a demo version where you can get from their website for free."
,Recommended,427520,24331859,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,BrainOnPc,"This game is amazing- it's highly addictive and great fun for all you nerdy science people out there. ;) The tech tree, goals to work towards and threat from atack all make this game a fun time. Don't be surprised if you start sinking 5 hours at a time into it as you delve into how to make your factory produce new items. Have fun. :)"
76561198121667273,Recommended,427520,22669144,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Frost_Bites_,"Factorio, what can I say? It's an aboslutely amazing game that is extremely well structured in gameplay. It is one of the best games I have ever played. However, the multiplayer is a bit weird and I'm still trying to figure out how to play through LAN. My only wish for this game would be for it to have a much better multiplayer system. Overall, amazing in single player, but lacking in multiplayer joining methods."
,Recommended,427520,25139134,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ZenWolf29,This game is so fun and is a very hard and at times confusing. so is sudgest this game to anyone who likes fallout and and sandbox games
,Recommended,427520,22315903,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,andyyy185,"My friend and I were skeptical about buying this, as it seemed to have very little in the way of content. For that price we had thought: 'pppffft! It can't be worth that much! We'll wait for it to go on sale.' However, having read the recent (at the time) story about the Firewatch dev encouraging a game owner to get a refund if they like and how they committed so much to make their game what it was, and how fair the price for ~3 hours of content was actually fair from their viewpoint, we gambled on Factorio.7 hours passed. Everything we had made was absolute trash. But we, were, loving it! The slogan 'I could probably make this more efficient...' became our bread and butter of this game, and because of this we don't even care there isn't much of and end-game goal as of yet. That night I went to sleep with conveyor belts on the brain, I woke up, conveyor belts, I showered, I ate, I studied. Conveyor belts. The possibilities, the constant need to change and improve, it keeps it fun for me, and that's why I'm recommending this game. 10/10 Would get hit by my own train again."
76561198142525420,Recommended,427520,29046443,Posted: 5 January,all,Colbot567,"Played just a little, but i still think it has potential."
,Recommended,427520,22603893,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SpankinScrubs,What year is it?
76561198205311721,Recommended,427520,23552733,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Will11Boi,Must. Keep. Building...
,Recommended,427520,21789644,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Arch,good
,Recommended,427520,21731012,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Yung Nuice,"good gam, kil alot, do alot, b alot. would give 10/10 but oil based factories & using pipes are silly so i giv 10/9"
76561198038765383,Recommended,427520,24310552,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DaftRock,"Addicted game ,It can consume your life10/10 even in early access."
,Recommended,427520,30203834,Posted: 26 February,all,Razor2143,"A great game for tinkerers and logistic fans. The core gameplay is great and the addition of multiplayer makes it even more enjoyable. Has the potential to be played hours upon hours without realizing how long you have been playing.But be aware that this game does not hold your hand and some mechanics require you to look up awikifor you to figure it out.The game might still be in early access but it's certainly a complete experience and is only lacking some polish and advanced in-game tutorials.And incase you launched your first rocket and want more complexity there are a ton ofmodswhich bring this game to another level of complexity.If you enjoymodded Minecraft(i.e. FTB),Garrys Mod Wiremod,Infinifactoryor similar games this should be right up your alley!"
,Recommended,427520,29131151,Posted: 8 January,all,Peeky,"Really gives you good tools to be creative and original. Great feeling when your first science factory comes to life, and it only gets better."
,Recommended,427520,27871247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mart3000,This game does not look like much on the surface but after long stretch of time you become to realise just how deep this rabbit hole of a game is.
76561197985715796,Recommended,427520,29129076,Posted: 8 January,all,TheOnlyCloud,"Got Red Science automated so far, now to build my first belt."
,Recommended,427520,22407729,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Vent,addictive/10
,Recommended,427520,22855300,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Queasy Moan,This game is... AMAZING! This game is like an addiction it is so time consuming its just crazy I love this game I thougt i was playing for 5 minutes and it ended up being hours! Love this game and so should you! A Must BUY!!
,Recommended,427520,22045663,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ZinC,"Played for 3 hours so far. Very fun game for logical people. End goal, to finish tech tree and launch a rocket into space...I start, with a pickaxe, a furnace and a drill. From there, I make my factory....-After 3 hours of gameplay I have overcome many problems, designed and redesigned my factory, fought off aliens and made a base that looks like a microchip. I am a small percentage through the game, and I have a good idea at what I will do next to gradually get closer to my end goal.-If you like overcoming tasks, having fun, designing amazing bases and having to figure out logical, puzzle like problems, then don't even hesitate. Get the damn game !"
,Recommended,427520,30746493,Posted: 26 March,all,lolbyebois,"10/10 Autism Spectrum detection game.  To summarize, you will build factories and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out as an engineer."
,Recommended,427520,22836141,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,fr00t,sick meme bro
76561198016053691,Recommended,427520,25288144,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,acillatem,I purchased the game without any expactations and had a blast for the last couple of days. The game is addictive and a real time sink.You just want to improve one little part of your factory and all of a sudden  you end up losing 2 hours of your life ;)
,Recommended,427520,33119034,Posted: 2 July,all,sᴘᴏᴏᴋʏ ᴍᴇʟᴏɴᴀ,WOW
76561198014092290,Recommended,427520,33112935,Posted: 1 July,all,Abradolf Linkler,30 hours...... in 4 Days...... ITS LIKE COCAINE
76561198133118817,Recommended,427520,33128262,Posted: 2 July,all,Alterran Longbow,"If any game is to achieve sentience, this will be the first."
76561198004378915,Recommended,427520,31272815,Posted: 21 April,all,av8orfliboy,"This game satisfies my inner geek like no other ever has.  If you're on the fence about buying it, don't be.  I've been playing PC games for 30 years, and this is truly great."
,Recommended,427520,27876390,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr_Cadman,"It's WHAT o'clock!!!!.Get use to saying this as Factorio is probably the biggest time sponge I have ever played. I nominated it for the ""just 5 more minutes"" award although 30 minutes to an hour would be more appropriate. If you suffer from any kind of OCD it will melt your brain. Great game all round though and very addictive."
,Recommended,427520,21998318,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"-got factorio-went through campaign thinking it was weird and like minecraft-played a little-minecraft dosen't let you build a factory-played for 4 hrs- stayed up through the night thinking about how i can improve my factoryoverall really fun and addicting game. if you like expansion games or games that let you progress long and far, this is for you. even if you dont like those, this is for you. this game is crack, meth, cocaine all in one.TL;DR: a must get game. 11/10"
76561198041124226,Recommended,427520,30207084,Posted: 26 February,all,Ab0ve,FUN GAME.PAUL PARK LOVES THIS GAME TOO.
,Recommended,427520,23091740,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,✪ CMX,I would not recommend this game to those with a satisfactory life.
,Recommended,427520,21724138,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,lolPants,"Sat down to play this game, emerged 3 days later with a spaghetti mess of a factory. Notice the time pass. Go back and play again anyway. Repeat.EDIT: I still want to sink more time into this, but I just don't have time and that's the only thing I can think that's bad about this game."
76561198034869026,Recommended,427520,21866412,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,FlameFly,Fulfills my need to organize. Seeing transport belts in my dreams. Nuff said.
,Recommended,427520,33354805,Posted: 7 July,all,NoGoodGamers,best game ever STRONGLY RECOMMEND
,Recommended,427520,33348751,Posted: 7 July,all,LowResCactus,help
,Recommended,427520,33274661,Posted: 5 July,all,Potato,1.Build♥♥♥♥♥♥2.Make♥♥♥♥♥♥to build♥♥♥♥♥♥3.Kill♥♥♥♥♥♥4.Go back to step one.
,Recommended,427520,21862305,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,mayor,An absolute steal at $20.
,Recommended,427520,33422547,Posted: 9 July,all,Radical Chiken,mods :^)
,Recommended,427520,30028170,Posted: 18 February,all,Crestfall,It was a bad idea to crack a game this good.Well actually I also bought this for mods.Pretty much engineering simulator.
76561197978123989,Recommended,427520,25256263,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Hartifax,It sells for £15. Not £14.99.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this.
76561198127451532,Recommended,427520,32526573,Posted: 17 June,all,spikeonaleash,pros:>. only 20$>. no one exists when you play>. IRL time travel abilities>. no cons>. 99% of the reviews on here are truecons:>. my percentage calculations are 1% inacurrate>. refer to pros for cons
,Recommended,427520,21755252,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mekillyou,11/10 would dream of conveyer belts again
,Recommended,427520,21763698,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SilentFungus,"Factorio is an extremely addictive game about automation, the goal is to build a spaceship that requires a lot of resources to build, and you wont be able to do it with your bare hands so the point of the game is to build massive factories to create all the neccessary components to build the spaceship(or more factories) all while fighting off hordes of aliens who hate pollution and want to put a stop to your antics.Id highly recommend this game to people who are into resource management and automation games, its in early access but there is already so much to do that its worth its price tag and each new update only adds more to its potential playtime."
76561198278473227,Recommended,427520,28447758,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,gamerninja,"DEFINITIVE MUST HAVE!!! This game is amazing! There's a lot to do and it'll take you hours to beat. Although not that hard, like you can't die easily and there's really no consequence if you save before you die, that's the only thing I don't like about this game, but I guess it's good for you casual players out there. Anyway, a lot of time went into this game and it was definently was worth it. Get this game if you haven't got it."
,Recommended,427520,21815962,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,The Big Lebowski,Most addicting game I ever owned. The possibilities are endless. Never spent my money better than for this game. It's well worth the 20.- I payed. You won't be disappointed! :D
,Recommended,427520,21968263,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Nicolus,Something minecraft industrial mods without minecraftP.S.ez to make huge factorie than minecraft though
76561198120695891,Recommended,427520,27779598,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alien 480,"i like it but the automation isnt good enough. the arms will only ever put 2-4 units of whatever into whatever in the supply chain. i spent an hour setting up an auto research machine and because of the above issue the things are backed up for days on the low end of the supply chain and UNBELIEVEBLY scarce at the top of it! i found it simply faster to move everything by hand since you can drop FULL stacks into processing machines that you can just come back later to and fill up! THIS NEEDS WORK DEVS FIX THIS!!ok after 7 hours of playingshort version-you like to wait for a bus to show up? you like standing around doing nothing? youd like to play a game where you hit one button then go do some laundry not playing the game? then THIS IS FOR YOU!!! waiting simulator 2016, build a base with interesting ideas and automate stuff, then when you get gun turrets and walls automate the research items and go do something else while the game takes 45 mins to complete one thing and you do nothing but wait around!!its ok not great as people say, research IS WAYYYYYY TOOOO SLOOOOWWWWW the 7 hours ive played ive researched like 6 things with multiple labs, ive just finished cars, i even upgraded the labs twice STILL too slow with 40% increase its a good 30-35 min wait for stuff to finish.  automation isnt efficient at all, it NEEDS to have the arms put more materials into the devices for production. the top of the supply chain is scarce with materials while the bottom is overly abundant! the game pauses when looking on the research screen which is dumb. it has a big tech tree but becaue of the speed at which it takes no crap people have like 40+ hours on the game, its probably only one scenario!!! enemy ai will harrass you which is nice to have some combat, but for the most part youll rig up an auto research machine and do nothing the whole time while waiting for research to finish. co-op would probably make it worse with 3-4 people standing around waiting for research to finish! needs drastic improvements5/10"
76561198066688960,Recommended,427520,21846388,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Glip-Glop,Chinese Sim City vs Zerglings10/10
,Recommended,427520,22717077,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,hampa,those 4 hours went by quick... oh well. *continues playing*
,Recommended,427520,28090945,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Azeth,"This game is amazing. Definatley worth the $20 price tag for the amount of content and hours that you wil get out of it. There are some mechanics that definatly could be improved apon, but seeing as this is still early in development they will more than likley be fixed.9/10"
76561198200079590,Recommended,427520,29559835,Posted: 29 January,all,saige000,great game took a little bit to get roleing
,Recommended,427520,29564281,Posted: 29 January,all,Moose,it's ok.
,Recommended,427520,29935906,Posted: 14 February,all,Drake Thane,"You don't win, you just do a little better each time."
76561198023612786,Recommended,427520,29116102,Posted: 8 January,all,DinoFucker96,Great game u keep expanding and expanding i even get a sort of matrix feeling at the end when hunderds of robots fly over you covering the ground.
76561198187484095,Recommended,427520,30106163,Posted: 22 February,all,pgitty,"About to crack 1,000 hours........Send Help.......No, wait, I just need to optimize my oil production first."
76561198168219364,Recommended,427520,24224992,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wolverlow,im now stuck out of the game and cant get back into it because of a mod iv downloaded(im a mac user and cant fix it what do i do?)
,Recommended,427520,24224228,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Crazy Diamond,"This game is absolutely amazing, Imagine modded Minecraft, but take out the grind"
76561198010284944,Recommended,427520,24228959,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mark,10
,Recommended,427520,21509351,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,★ The Actual Frickin Lion King,Tis gud.
,Recommended,427520,26028060,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Tenevie,"Unbelievable great game, but causion, it's rather addictive. :)EDIT:Even after 750+ hours still my most played and most favorite game. So it's really good quality for you're money."
,Recommended,427520,25537115,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bob_Tech,100/100-Would waste my time again.
,Recommended,427520,24216173,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Extended Coffee,Bob the builder simulater 2016.
,Recommended,427520,31065810,Posted: 10 April,all,Haydog2002(csgobounty.com),Its a really good game for people who are into building and creativity
,Recommended,427520,32346514,Posted: 11 June,all,SammyP6,"Really fun game. You build  factory that produces things that let you make more things. It is kind of pointless, but it's still fun."
76561198046038954,Recommended,427520,32366667,Posted: 12 June,all,Roadrunner65,"Fantastic game! Hours and hours of fun and replayability. Challenge yourself to make better, more efficient designs and learn from your past mistakes."
,Recommended,427520,26884894,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Average,Fantastic game. The logistic challenges of managing everything makes for a great game.
,Recommended,427520,21721603,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Timmy?,i am not a very smart person so i am not good at this video game but maybe one day once i graduate college and get a degree in mechanical engineering i will be able to play this game until then i will just wait to be burderned by crippling debt otherwise known as student loans
,Recommended,427520,21750862,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ViperSixEleven,"...and finally you will lose your job and your family.Only then, will you know what Factorio is about."
76561197998587080,Recommended,427520,29424437,Posted: 22 January,all,Reiviskit,"I may or may not have played this on a... non-steam version for 500 - 600 hours. Bought it on Steam because the devs seem to be the best of their kind when it comes to knowing what they're doing and engaging with the community and in many other ways. This game has so much more content and replayability than almost any triple A title out there and is 20€. It deserves my money for both reasons, because the game is amazing and the devs are amazing.Also I have now played it for 31 hours in a couple days... Again.P.S. Pls don't sue me devs :("
76561198057175622,Recommended,427520,21916697,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mr_Ritz,"So I bought this game a small time back, and I have been constantly coming back to it. It feels awesome to discover a new way to set up factories, develop new technologies, and most of all get some good ol' ""BOOM TIME"" with the natives. Factorio has a unique way of getting us to think of new ways to solve a huge variety of issues, from Alien landgrabs, logistic networking, pollution, and resource management. This is an awesome gem of a game to play whenever you like. This is a game that will keep you occupied and rewarded time and time again.Thanks to the team for this one, I look forward to seeing where this goes!P.S. I just LOVE the Men in Black reference in the first trailer!  Splat!"
76561198082442465,Recommended,427520,21931565,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Chasezach12,So I got this game and said I would play for an hour. I got it at 9. It is now 3 in the morning.
,Recommended,427520,22786657,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Meowffle CAT YT,This is a great game !
,Recommended,427520,28242033,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,tamanous,best of the best.get the free demo. try it.
76561198240388282,Recommended,427520,33618371,Posted: 17 July,all,Cuphead,And you can build walls and keep out the aliens like Trump!
,Recommended,427520,32023754,Posted: 28 May,all,Glorifed Toaster with Legs,"I decided to pick this game up to kill a few hours. I mostly thought that I was going to spend a good thirty minutes before I refunded the game. I looked at my watch, noticed that I wasted 3 and a half hours on it, knowing that I couldn't refund it. A few minutes later, I looked back at my watch to see what time it was again, then noticed that it said it was Thursday, the 17th. I bought this game on Monday the 13th.I heard my phone ringing a few minutes (days) later, my sister. She was calling to alert me that her children were coming over for a visit for a week, since she and her husband were going out on a vacation. When they came over, I greeted them and told them to do what ever, since I had some very important work to do (I lied obviously). A week had passed before I even knew It and I instantly felt like the worst uncle in the world.A day later, my friend sent me a steam message, saying that theres a way to get my old life back, press ""escape"", then ""Quit game.""More addictive then crack, less expensive then betting on horsesWelcome to Cracktorio, the time machine10/10, would ruin life again"
76561198063312948,Recommended,427520,33569211,Posted: 15 July,all,starwars,Is a good game but it needs more work and some times win i get to play it it will lag so bad that i cant play it at all so i 50% recommend and 50% not
,Recommended,427520,33574926,Posted: 15 July,all,JKPearce,"Uhhh what was I doing?Right, need more power.... Great im getting attacked... Alright where was I? oh yes power is low.2 hours later and still no expansion on the power grid... Now i have no iron to create steam engines because the veins have died, need to expand the base... No iron nearby... Need trains. How do I use trains?Look up videos and read up on how things work. 2 hours later still no new drills on iron.At the start of the day i needed more power. By the end i did nothing but lay some rails :)The most words said in this game is ""Uhhhh"" ""ummm"" ""what was i doing again"" ""we need this"" ""i have none of this""Great game! So many things to do and so many things being added. Thank you!"
,Recommended,427520,21975293,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,drTNT_,RIP your life
,Recommended,427520,24782280,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ded mem,Factorio isn't a game.It's a tool.A tool for getting off cocaine.Who has TIME for cocaine when you're building factories?Factorio isn't a game.It's an addiction.
76561198050859486,Recommended,427520,29772722,Posted: 7 February,all,J1mmyBlux,just try to stop playing
,Recommended,427520,32213496,Posted: 5 June,all,BrⒶvo,"BEST GAME I OWN.Now that Ive got your attention, lets talk about why this game is so amazing.  This game is beatuiful, has an amazing ambient sound track, is extremely fun to play single or multi player, and is one of the first games to make me want to logicly plan out schematics on graph paper before building it in game.  Would recomend!"
,Recommended,427520,24075040,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shalva,"more addictive than Minecraft, Dota, CS:GO, Weed, Drugs, Eating, Drinking, Friends, sex, sunlight, Social Life...."
,Recommended,427520,24082608,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,winkeltreu,Just awesome.
,Recommended,427520,22084060,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PandaBusinessMan,Sleep? Never heard of it. How do I automate it?
76561198188541297,Recommended,427520,29351509,Posted: 18 January,all,macod1,10/10 will play again
,Recommended,427520,22060636,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,solar,Do you want to know what it's like to be on heroin?Play this game to find out.
,Recommended,427520,34545837,Posted: 27 August,all,tengliu99,This game sucked 50 hours of my life in a week hands-down. It is simply amazing.
76561198026450599,Recommended,427520,22790990,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sarversauce,"In the few days I've had this game I can NOT stop playing it.There's way more depth to it, and more crafting, and building than you see in the trailer. In the Trailer they advertise the game with, they're pretty far along... like FAR along. But don't let that discourage you.I hate (as in love what they've done) these devs. They've managed to find a way to make me sleep even less...Basically, the entire planet you're on is one giant factory. If it's not, it will be, and it should be.Progression makes a lot of sense, even if you don't get it at first. Read the tutorials/guides.I could go on about this game for a long time.  Once I start building things, I don't want to stop going on to the next thing.Find a friend who likes Crafting/Survival games, get it with them, get in, stay addicted.I need to be done with this tutorial so I can go play it some more.(This game caters to the Engineering/Mechanical mind. Consider yourself warned!)"
,Recommended,427520,28530861,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pawick,"This is one of those games that you can just sink hours into, just to ask yourself later what you are doing up at 3 AM even though you have to go to work in the morning! ""Just five more minutes"" is a phrase that everyone that plays this game is too familiar with, I myself can't count how many nights have been used solely to this game. Despite my 270 hours in the game it still feels fresh and the modding capabilities are endless. 10/10 would sink another 270 hrs into this game again!"
76561198156428778,Recommended,427520,26428913,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RatMouse,"As of writing this right now, this is the dialogue I'm having with my head:My head: I want food. I'm hungry.Me: Shut up. No you are not.My head: It's 1 in the morning, we should sleep.Me: No. Sleep is not needed. We only need to play Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,28521067,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pheex,Even if you really don't care for things like Minecraft Voltz this game is extremely fun and addicting.
,Recommended,427520,33497346,Posted: 13 July,all,Deus Vult,Say goodbye to your:1. Family2. Friends3. Relationships4. Sleep5. Hobbies6. Anything else that isn't Factorio relatedHave fun.
76561198030534490,Recommended,427520,33497802,Posted: 13 July,all,Unbidden,"It's like a conveyor belt of crack, straight to the part of the human brain that handles industrial design and bug hunting."
,Recommended,427520,33000304,Posted: 29 June,all,Jay,"I saw this game quite a bit ago when it came out, but I never found the time to see what it actually was about until recently.I definetly reccomend this game to anyone who likes management games or things like the old Tekkit or FTB MC packs. The whole game is about automation and its one of the things I'm really interested in.I haven't encountered any bugs since I got the game, nor have I ceased to enjoy it. The pacing is good and building huge factories is really satisfying. Its curtently on some of my favourite games and I've only been playing for a month.I would try to demo first and go through some of the campaign. It teaches you alot and helped my but the game.I hope you enjoy it, have fun."
,Recommended,427520,34811840,Posted: 8 September,all,{ESE} Cybergoon,"Listen, its hard, but fun to figure things out for yourself. Guess, what, i say that because the wiki doesnt tell you♥♥♥♥♥♥ i tried already. Pretty much you just gotta build your own factory to won the planet i guess, so build ya weapons, build ya cars, build ya factories and starta killing. I can tell you this though, its totally not worth $20 so wait till its on sale.8/10"
76561198175188274,Recommended,427520,32502605,Posted: 17 June,all,Fam,absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,427520,30850220,Posted: 31 March,all,Altaire,"Man, I love building factories and making stuff.Everytime I build a factory I make a plan in a paper lol.#factoryplanningBuy this game. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,427520,21535305,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,toyboy,10/10 would get master's degree in industrial engineering to play game again.
,Recommended,427520,31792743,Posted: 16 May,all,Red ☭,Yall should check this game out its fun as heck it really is. it may seem impossible to understand how to do all this but in reality it is REALLY simple!
76561198062548924,Recommended,427520,21535090,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,COONCE,"This game will make you smarter.  If I had this when I was 16, I would have a Nobel Prize.10/10 Would study liberal arts again"
76561198006336919,Recommended,427520,21544212,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Whimpy,Just one more furnace...48h+Easy to learn and difficult to master. I have but scratched the surface.
76561198104340180,Recommended,427520,25389708,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TacticalTaco,"Made an ammo belt out of conveyors to keep rows of turrets armmed. Nothing in the game said to do this, it was just the natural progression of the game and it was an incredible sight."
,Recommended,427520,32212686,Posted: 5 June,all,Gnomebo,Noice
,Recommended,427520,33679941,Posted: 20 July,all,Shazam,Skrt
,Recommended,427520,22338958,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Variadic,Minecraft meets Communism
,Recommended,427520,30713210,Posted: 24 March,all,Apex Funplayer,"I found myself exhausted, at 7 am, belt optimizations and assembly lines on the mind. What day is it? What month is it? How long was I gone this time? How much more of my life has this game claimed!?!?BEWARE! You will lose track of large spans of time."
,Recommended,427520,24821344,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,3TEARS,"I haven't seen daylight in days. Send help. Or don't, I'm okay with that too."
76561198229279288,Recommended,427520,29727350,Posted: 5 February,all,m.faikekclr,Hope dey wont stop working like cube world. 'Cause I really like dis game even in early access. And mods make it even funnier.PN: I reccomend to factorio team to take the game 1 step further and let us explore the space when they finish their programming things in first part
76561198099478839,Recommended,427520,21538753,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,zhou1997,First steam game that i truly loved.
76561198053714547,Recommended,427520,23643618,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,gbarber,Brilliantly engaging.
,Recommended,427520,21812567,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BarackOshizzle,- No Crashes nor any bugs.- Great gameplay. But a bit slow at times.- Runs great.9/10
,Recommended,427520,21802171,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,boof,Pure cocaine
76561198137223253,Recommended,427520,25285261,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,legendgamer,this is the game for you if your bored of minecraft
,Recommended,427520,28096362,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DavidM,One of the best game ever.
,Recommended,427520,26437038,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Docdra,"I bought the game - didn't play it for months, and then sat down to give it a go.  Um, not sure what happned, but I blinked and it was over 100 hours later..."
76561198124754113,Recommended,427520,28103731,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,schradieck,I have a diesel locomotive buring rocket fuel. Nuff said.10/10 would use rocket fuel for everything again
,Recommended,427520,31256775,Posted: 20 April,all,Avester9368,"🔴If possible, please shorten load times for both startup & save load🔴"
76561198096928704,Recommended,427520,29796393,Posted: 8 February,all,Paythos,Dear God I just played this game for 13 hours straight. 0/10 im late for work and I haven't slept yet
,Recommended,427520,28701848,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,irrational hedgepig,7 days. 54 hours. Enough said.
,Recommended,427520,25541391,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kangajack,Simply fantastic. Try the demo.
,Recommended,427520,25543558,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Hybrid V,This game needs a disclaimer for how addicting it is.
,Recommended,427520,22232505,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,nznjr,Digital Crack.
,Recommended,427520,23611059,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,hobgoblin,good
76561198032862970,Recommended,427520,30985681,Posted: 6 April,all,TheCommanderDoughnut,I never knew crack was only 20 bucks.
76561198136158127,Recommended,427520,30991793,Posted: 6 April,all,Jor_Dnn,10/10 would build my first♥♥♥♥♥♥spaghetti like factory again.
76561197965536831,Recommended,427520,30999496,Posted: 7 April,all,Alex,"Addictive, factory building game with a great development community - plenty of mods. Say goodbye to your free time!"
,Recommended,427520,30989644,Posted: 6 April,all,Salty,Amazing game I never get bored.
,Recommended,427520,28862978,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jack P.,"great and fun, recommend mouse"
76561198112988903,Recommended,427520,29682185,Posted: 3 February,all,Tooood,"Management. Logistics. Tweaks. Optimizations. Planning. Research. Spaghetti. Waffle.This game is great!The news posts are great to read too, I love the technical ones."
76561198092542534,Recommended,427520,29682909,Posted: 3 February,all,Mjizzler,"If you want a game to totally dominate all your free time for the next week buy this. Most of my 50 hours played were all sunk in, in the matter of a 3 day weekend."
76561198087961461,Recommended,427520,29682809,Posted: 3 February,all,Chuck Robbins,"First playthrough:""Ok, let's start at the campaign.""- Looks at clock.""Welp. There goes three hours."""
76561198051015293,Recommended,427520,30278208,Posted: 2 March,all,Pheniox_Flame,brillient game! just one error my friend and i have found! the background of the logo for factorio doesnt quite work! there are converyor belts going no-where and long inseters also going no-where! but other then that!!! great game!!!
,Recommended,427520,26530590,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ImToxicBro,Best money spent :)
76561198034408074,Recommended,427520,28165340,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,pedrito_elcabra,"Factorio is THE game for people who enjoy complex simulations, production chains, base building and... automation."
,Recommended,427520,28324560,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,A pissed off turtle,The best part is making factories that do nothing but produce pollution to annoy the local fauna.
,Recommended,427520,28163227,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MGN_MrGameNight hellcase.com,"Amazing game, you can play hours on end without getting bored."
76561198218062232,Recommended,427520,28323918,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Major,I like trains :)
,Recommended,427520,29606451,Posted: 31 January,all,Revenant,"Bought 36 hours ago, played for 30 hours. Who needs sleep?Update: Almost a thousand hours later and this game is still as addictive as ever. I've not even tried game altering mods and I'm still finding new ways to expand and improve."
,Recommended,427520,21681211,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Hank,I've had this game for two days and I've played 15 hours so far. Wish me luck.
76561198063612897,Recommended,427520,22251218,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Propane-Lit-AF,I have a problem
76561198050377327,Recommended,427520,21682278,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Haven,Over 60 hours of so much fun wtf why havnt u bought this yet
,Recommended,427520,30020929,Posted: 18 February,all,T8erboyo,this game is all speghetti
,Recommended,427520,23129316,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Aeox,Please.Make.It.Stop..........Just kidding. Gotta go back to my factory.
,Recommended,427520,25828369,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,mheiland,Absolutely fantastic game!
,Recommended,427520,29602606,Posted: 31 January,all,Rudivdw,I too now see conveyor belts when I close my eyes.
,Recommended,427520,29608499,Posted: 31 January,all,FatalAeon,My most played game. Video game crack
,Recommended,427520,29605797,Posted: 31 January,all,Nerd,There's not a single review that can tell you how good this game is. Not even mine :/
,Recommended,427520,29269008,Posted: 15 January,all,Lepattaja_,"It has been said before in the reviews, but it's funny how you are actually the bad guy in this game. You are an alien who arrives on a otherwise peaceful planet, and starts mining ores, polluting the air and poisoning the lakes. When the natives try to stop you from destroying their land, you annihilate them with superior technology and burn their homes to the ground.10/10Would conquer and destroy a peaceful planet again."
76561198044394454,Recommended,427520,22808169,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Pirheas,I like trains.
,Recommended,427520,24808580,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The Great Sage,I really like this game the devs are amazing updating us with their progress each week. It's sad though I really like building the factories and what not but I'm just not good at it so it turns into a mess.Even so it is by far one of the best games that I own.
,Recommended,427520,30152451,Posted: 24 February,all,spooky bunny,WHAT YEAR IS IT?
76561198045133284,Recommended,427520,24809987,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dwayne Dibley,"Transport Tycoon vs. Minecraft vs. Crazy Machines ...this is the game I was waiting for... including sandbox mode, map editor, mod support etc... it is in Early Access but already very playable!edit: It already has many mods to improve the game. Add more sources and products to create etc."
,Recommended,427520,22858970,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dosco Anale,"Have you ever wondered ""What if I had a gun that... shot other guns"" ?It comes real here"
,Recommended,427520,21959665,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Michael,"bugs, guns and a constant logistical nightmare."
76561198001610801,Recommended,427520,21598170,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SolidSnek,game is great for thouse who ever played openttd or similar.really only difference between meth and this game is meth has an addiction clinic
76561198140417865,Recommended,427520,28688146,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ry24Gaming,This Game is Amazing but it is better with friends.
,Recommended,427520,27876671,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Da_Big_D__,"Minecraft, less one dimension, plus automation.It's a beautiful thing."
76561198166263234,Recommended,427520,21596543,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,mustsumoto,"do not buy this game, if you are not ready to quit your job and broke up with your gf!!"
,Recommended,427520,22640173,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,♥ Touka Kirishima ♥,"I love this game. Once you have built an assembly line and you step back to see what you have built, your stars aline to see that everything went as planned and u get some self confidence."
,Recommended,427520,24606582,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Skine,"A very good game, still learning so much, restarted 3 times, the begining is slow and stuff but then every time you restart you always think of a different way to set stuff up to be more efficient.  Very worth the money."
76561198033906198,Recommended,427520,21864421,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,freakycheeseman,"I love Dwarf Fortress. This game is Dwarf Fortress with a good UI, good optimization, a reasonable learning curve, and a more focused philosophy of design. As complex as the system is, it shows remarkable polish and control. Almost uniquely among management games, it doesn't punish you for trying to redesign things late in the game. This sounds small, but it eliminates one of the greatest sources of frustration in these games. You don't feel like your early designs are a weight tied to your leg; you're encouraged to experiment and refactor.In short: If you like nerd games, you should buy this. Unless it's finals week. Seriously, there is a genuine risk I will not be graduating, and it will be Factorio's fault."
,Recommended,427520,29980812,Posted: 17 February,all,820,Fantastic game.
76561198170678341,Recommended,427520,34151225,Posted: 10 August,all,lasher2387,Factorio is a great game with friends since they did a update its alot more fun please join any time i run my own server or let me know if interested
,Recommended,427520,34126243,Posted: 9 August,all,Cyberpunker,"I recommend it for everyone who is after a management game or ""how to develop your own Factories and process raw materials into finished products which leads to win (launch to space)"".I really don't understand why people rate this game as negative ?! Are you quite trolls and real piece of sh''its this time.You rate other buggy shi'''ty games with pro rates and this one with negative. This world full of libertine suckers ... i hate it.If you are not the type guy of this game then don't rate it ! Simple !!!"
,Recommended,427520,28438191,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Digaly,friend kept telling me to buy factorioi see price i get scaredone day i buy factorio out of boredomi play factoryi never stopfactorio is best game
,Recommended,427520,23774655,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,EAX,"Holy mad cow, usually i prefer shooter and stuff and i didnt bought factorio for like 6 months cuz i couldnt motivate myself to try it out while playing other games at these times.so ive gone for some days to my brothers house and he just shown me a bit of it live, when i started playing on his pc i got immidiately stuck playing it for 1 hour and he couldnt even talk to me anylonger cuz i was busy playing that game.so ive bought it last friday and already put 23 hours into it, when i start the game i forget the world for several hours, even my cigarete break's are suddenly gone.this stuff makes you more addicted than wanting to have a smoke while smoking for like 10 years already.Amazing Game is the Short answer."
76561198141425381,Recommended,427520,34376529,Posted: 20 August,all,Garrettpoop123,vary fun game
76561198255065126,Recommended,427520,25814546,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,groovyhippo902,factorio is the best game for people who love to make themselves cry when they make a proution mistake
76561198041637919,Recommended,427520,25812639,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hatsu,Great game - Played 80 hours or so the first month of ownership. Now 200 and counting.
,Recommended,427520,34245746,Posted: 14 August,all,Awsemogreeb,is good
,Recommended,427520,25559623,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,PerplePapaya,"Fantastic Game. At First It Seems Not So Good, And Then You Start Researching, Then Getting Attacked The You Realize You Have Been Playing For 6 Hours"
,Recommended,427520,25368172,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GodOfWalmart,"If you have a life, don't buy this game. It devours your soul."
76561198277697513,Recommended,427520,28771765,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bot Fergus,The steps of my factorio addiction1. Looked in my queue for an enjoyable looking game2. Saw factorio3. Bought it4. Downloaded it in less than 3 mins5. Started playing6. I have gone 20 hours without sleep or food help me
76561197996302853,Recommended,427520,34488020,Posted: 25 August,all,Fallen_Scholar,"You have an idea, you arrange the puzzle, and it just WORKS as INTENDED.Played for over 200 hours, pure immersion from the start.10/10I don't recommend this game to lazy people. It takes brainsssss"
,Recommended,427520,33880087,Posted: 29 July,all,JORDN,Legal cocaine
76561198144719493,Recommended,427520,21988025,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TedGuijt,10/10 cool game like it so much
,Recommended,427520,32408064,Posted: 14 June,all,Macs,Good game bad price
,Recommended,427520,25914265,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TehNeo,"Do you think you have patience? Do you think you have that helicopter view?This is the game for you... Strangely addictive... If you can find a friend to play it with, it's most interesting. When your easily distracted and up for a quick win, this is not your game.This game is not comparible with any RTS/sim builder I ever played. I Rate it a 9/10 for unique... Gameplay is a 7/10 feels a bit bulky but definantly not a party pooper!Would buy again! Keep up the good work development, you got something here!"
76561198391766321,Recommended,427520,34190847,Posted: 12 August,all,ncayero,Best game ever this game was the best game i had ever played
76561198193379762,Recommended,427520,30584545,Posted: 17 March,all,(LSG)warehouse13xx,automation is keybest game everi play every day-ign 10/10
,Recommended,427520,32587027,Posted: 20 June,all,Plink Plonk,"This game is lets just say AMAZING!i dont have he BEST of computers lets say ( its a HP laptop) but i still get a solid 60FPS never below or above its the best optimized game i think i have played. its a bit of a struggle to get goin but once you automate coal,iron and copper its worth it my friends and i have a world and we just get lost in how much time we have spent on it, its amazing just what you can do in this game. it pushed the limits at what you can do its a problem solving game in a way like how do i get this conveyer belt from here to there with my steam engins in the way or sometimes you just have to complety deconstruct something and make it more efficent, reliable and just better i <3 this game so much.i didnt know if i should get it or not becuase it never goes on sale and i thought it was pricy at $20 but wow its worth it if you dont have this game and you want it DO IT DO NOW!"
,Recommended,427520,22122755,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lord Nikon,One of the best games I stumbled across in my life. I adore this game and have sunk many many hours into it prior to its steam release. I look forward to it continued development!
,Recommended,427520,34593981,Posted: 29 August,all,Penple | society.gg | BETS.gg,Best fish AI of 2017
,Recommended,427520,30857046,Posted: 31 March,all,Stibreant,Is gut gaem
76561198017010735,Recommended,427520,21634984,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,clutz97,This game has ruined my life.  It is amazing.
76561198048816330,Recommended,427520,21687382,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Forgewright,"If this is early access game, then there are no finished games."
,Recommended,427520,21613511,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sapling,... is this heaven.... I think it is
76561198025232764,Recommended,427520,21637831,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NeverLucky,i found my crack
76561197989082179,Recommended,427520,21698422,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Broevil,"Excellent, fun, innovative.... ALIENS.... What more is there to say?? BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,427520,21648739,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kremlinkev,Game so addictive that I can see losing my job over it. And it would be worth it.
,Recommended,427520,21628151,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,HobbyPsychopath,This game deserves the 100%
,Recommended,427520,21628170,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,.TFSL.Phoenix,Test
76561198034102501,Recommended,427520,21628325,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,chicchirichiwg,Fantastic game! Definitely recommend.
76561197985306643,Recommended,427520,21629937,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NDave,"i quit minecraft... ""drops mic"""
,Recommended,427520,21594155,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,regularcarpet,Logistics Simulator 2016. UPS would be proud.
76561198055968345,Recommended,427520,21612839,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,cold spaghetti,Play it.  If you don't your life will be sad.Look at the review rating.LOOK AT IT.LOOK AT IT!(Patrick voice)LOOK AT IT! WHY WON'T YOU ALL LOOK AT IT?!?!!?!1337/10
,Recommended,427520,21648099,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,El Boi,Only Three Words: Best. Game. Evur.
,Recommended,427520,21654658,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Uch1kina,awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,21705764,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Yolo Ghost,OCD HELL 10/10 would converybelt again
76561198026777473,Recommended,427520,21656818,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,thekingofconvenience,i used to have a job friends and was in a relationship now there is only factorio
,Recommended,427520,21707510,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,carewolf,"Warm recommendation. This is a great survival/puzzle/sandbox strategy game.  Mostly a sandbox simulator about crafting and automating crafting. But unlike other recent sandbox simulator it has some survival elements with creatures attacking your constructions. This means you besides efficiency and your own sense of elegance, also have to plan for things like defense and redundancy. This makes it more satisfying than games like Cities: Skyline, where there is no opposition or goals.Negatives:- The interface is clunkly and needs a lot of sanity to make it less cumbersome.- The graphics some places unclear and in many places ugly.- Tech/production overviews are not yet in, but should be coming- I have encountered one game-breaking bug, but it was fixed within 24hours, so acceptable in Early Access."
76561198156515739,Recommended,427520,21699170,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NovusL,Awesome game ever!
,Recommended,427520,22307693,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Easelm,"ABOUTFactorio is a game about building and creating automated factories to produce items of increasing complexity, within an infinite 2D world. Use your imagination to design your factory, combine simple elements into ingenious structures, and finally protect it from the creatures who don't really like you.What I thinkA friend linked me this game a few days ago and I was intrigued. My initial thoughts after viewing the trailer was, ""Trains? Aliens to defend yourself from? Largescale factories built within an infinite 2D world? Wow! I must buy it! Factorio has been out for years, which if I had've known it existed sooner I surely would have bought it.Your first thoughts when looking at Factorio might be, ""Another Early Access game? Ugh!"" or, ""The price of this 2D Early Access game seems high.."" - Let me clarify: It took my friends & I 103 hours to finish the game. That includes sleeping, regular breaks, playing everyday for hours, etc. Few days ago when I bought the game until now I have over 80+ hours with still much more I want to do in Factorio. Factorio has replay value and is well worth $20+, especially how much content it has in it already.Factorio has procedural generation (infinite random world to explore) and different biomes. With that in mind, that also includes an infinite amount of alien hives and aliens. Yes, aliens. They don't like you and you shouldn't like them. Build defenses to keep those buggers out or go out on foot on an adventure to conquer as many as you'd like! Either way, you'll have your hands tied in the process.The basics of the game is easy to learn - never hard. Mine and chop to gain resources and craft hundreds of items to build your factory. Make your factory automatically work by logistics and/or the circuit network, that way you won't have to lift a finger again when it comes to crafting.There's more to the game, I just summed up basic gist of the game and how great it is.Endless possibilities, endless world, endless factory, and endless gameplay all in one 2D package.Rating:10/10"
76561198144895970,Recommended,427520,25697829,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Danacus,<-- My cat likes factorioI like it too!
76561197989722553,Recommended,427520,29696726,Posted: 4 February,all,-ßЯҢ- Timotei [DG],"Surprisingly good base-building/strategy game. Has a decent learning curve but it's worth it. Recommend for people who like complex base-oriented games like tower defenses, prison architect, etc,."
,Recommended,427520,29695321,Posted: 4 February,all,Djendo,Awesome game! I watched a lot of let'splays and now i'm hooked myself =P
76561198017533447,Recommended,427520,22653154,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Valansch,Great game! You can spend countless hours in this game and you will never be bored. There is always stuff to do.If you like resource management and automation factorio is the best game for you.
,Recommended,427520,33071372,Posted: 30 June,all,Rhydic,this is a great game if you want to have an unending chain of self-imposed goals that eat away your sanity
,Recommended,427520,33568098,Posted: 15 July,all,Macstyyy6,"I was hesitant at first to purchase this game. I didn't want to have to ask for another refund. Know it's one of my favorite games of all time! It's an amazing game! If you're wondering whether or not this is worth a buy, it definitely is. I highly recommend this game to anyone! You'll enjoy it, trust me. Have fun building your factory and be creative!"
,Recommended,427520,29279526,Posted: 15 January,all,Void,"This game is actually so damn good, I'm impressed.♥♥♥♥ton of potential and it hasn't even released yet, worth every cent."
76561198023580992,Recommended,427520,21953254,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Wuvyou,"10/10. If you enjoy strategy and building games.... Buy this.I normally dont bother writing reviews but this game Deserves one.Extremely extensive and progressive. One HELL of a Polished AlphaThere is a functional multiplayer, slightly annoying but absolutely doable.This is WELL worth $20. I would have paid $50+Loved it!April 2016 - The ending made me never want to play it again. Come on guys. All of the building and structuring just to have the game end once you launch a rocket into space... It... Just.... Ends.....I would change this to a NO if the game didnt have so much room for creativity.Thanks for the amazing game but ♥♥♥♥ you for the ending."
76561198091190321,Recommended,427520,30445303,Posted: 11 March,all,EZ Tiger,Cant stop playing :S  :)
76561197995272161,Recommended,427520,32015051,Posted: 28 May,all,samy,"Love this game, they just added nuclear power (and atom bomb) in the experimental update of the game."
76561197997874563,Recommended,427520,31637328,Posted: 8 May,all,SpicyJukes,"Amazing game that is more than worth the pricetag! If you are considering buying this game, just go ahead and do it!"
,Recommended,427520,28618154,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tile124,I played this game before it was popular and this review proves it.
,Recommended,427520,34693230,Posted: 2 September,all,Keyboard Fox,11/10 can't sleep without seeing factory♥♥♥♥♥♥in my mind
76561197982292134,Recommended,427520,34510623,Posted: 26 August,all,BigGerman,This game is a delight.I have followed Factorio on Steam for some time now and recently shelled out 20 bux for this gem.10/10 would have payed 19.99
,Recommended,427520,22237962,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,4b6167,"Don't do it man. Whatever you, don't play this game. It will consume you, in it's demands for efficiency."
76561197997992854,Recommended,427520,31361710,Posted: 25 April,all,Drizznarte,2000 hours in. Still wanting more...
,Recommended,427520,31360061,Posted: 25 April,all,Vlives,Beltissimo!
,Recommended,427520,27652313,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,7ux0n0,"What is Factorio? One of the best games ever!Building, combat, learning (:3) and houndreds and houndreds of play hours is what this game got more then enough. The Lua modding is a nice thing that brought nice mods like Yuoki or Bobs mods which... can make the game even more difficult than it is, but also far more fun. The multiplayer is useable (even when it still needs some polishing here and there). A great game to paly with friends... and a game ´where you somethimes really say ""Just- FIve- More- Minutes!"" again and again till you start sleeping while you're still playing. :)"
76561198211968296,Recommended,427520,24785430,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DeadlyIceHammer,"It's a really good game, the only thing wrong with it is when I got it, it never updated to the newer versions."
76561198300080471,Recommended,427520,29710570,Posted: 4 February,all,DivideBy0,Awesome game.
76561198030657575,Recommended,427520,29712162,Posted: 4 February,all,Ace Korneya,Played the demo and cant stop playing it that how addicting thins game is
,Recommended,427520,29711395,Posted: 4 February,all,Frain_Brainz isn't good at this,"First off, it's €20 instead of €19,99 BEST EVER. then the game. the first half hour was kinda boring for me, running around to keep everything going. but after that it began getting better and it never stopped. i am waiting for the almighty radioactive ores. (i guess i have to restart for the new ores to spawn. and if not, i need to make a 400 kilometer train track because of how much i have explored in my good survival). This game looks bad for some people. But believe me, you want this in your collection."
,Recommended,427520,29714529,Posted: 5 February,all,BigBubbasFarm,One of my favorite games of all time. Even the base game is extremely addictive.
76561198003116572,Recommended,427520,29715845,Posted: 5 February,all,ketsugeppu,This game is like my sex life. I spend more time online looking at pictures and videos of what other people are doing than actually playing it myself. 10/10 Would cancel all other adult websites subscriptions again.
,Recommended,427520,29721420,Posted: 5 February,all,Spooky Scary Spiral-Spy,"Overwhelmingly positive reviews.Developers put the price at exactly $20 instead of that $19.99 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Common nickname ""Cracktorio.""Recent posts from the Developers in the news section, one of which was a minor update.Free demo available if you're unsure.If that doesn't convince you to at least try the demo, I don't know what to tell you.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,427520,32203745,Posted: 5 June,all,^4Don42,One of the best games I have played.
76561197982092431,Recommended,427520,25612549,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Matt Damon,Pretty neat-o.
76561197995475790,Recommended,427520,33941311,Posted: 31 July,all,Matt432,y
,Recommended,427520,33941778,Posted: 31 July,all,coffee,the game is lit af boyy
76561198038683844,Recommended,427520,27373913,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Robbman1728,"WHY HAVE YOU NOT BOUGHT THIS?!?!?  IS THIS 'BUT-YET-ANOTHER' POSITIVE REVIEW TO ADD TO THE 16,000+ ALREADY NOT ENOUGH!?!?  CAN YOU JUST SPEND THE $20 ALREADY SO I CAN TURN CAPS LOCK OFF?!?!"
,Recommended,427520,33703800,Posted: 21 July,all,montyg15,Pretty fun but lots of gameplay
76561198133121567,Recommended,427520,29948569,Posted: 15 February,all,GTThunder,One of the best games I have ever played
76561198214095331,Recommended,427520,32118463,Posted: 1 June,all,chrononaut19,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing cocain
,Recommended,427520,33688406,Posted: 20 July,all,SCP-That_SpyStaples!,I haven't even gotten to blue science and i'm addicted.
,Recommended,427520,35068558,Posted: 19 September,all,MrWildBunnycat,This game is pure addiction
76561197998022978,Recommended,427520,26015245,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Logan,"Factorio is a game where you build factories, with the goal of combining everything you produce into a rocket you launch into space. Lots of resource management and logistics, which may not sound like a lot of fun until it's five in the morning and you're saying ""just one more setup, I just need some more steel plates."" Seriously, there's something about this game that is addicting. Hands on control of production really draws you in.This is just a great game all around, and it's still early. Constanntly updated and improving. A very solid game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,427520,28363095,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BlueBlackGames,"Great fun, can get tough but custom maps are also fun"
76561198212937663,Recommended,427520,23383745,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,EagleBlaze02,frivkin luv it to de........ps. pls fix multiplayer
,Recommended,427520,35379964,Posted: 1 October,all,kibu7,This game is awesome
76561198012420187,Recommended,427520,29315898,Posted: 17 January,all,Bitpower,ADDICTING
76561198208391772,Recommended,427520,29782215,Posted: 8 February,all,Lynxee,10/10 great game
,Recommended,427520,30186558,Posted: 25 February,all,[AP] Iván,Launched the Rocket without a satellite 10/10 would launch again.
76561198146131510,Recommended,427520,34126265,Posted: 9 August,all,nklewis01,great game
,Recommended,427520,29574920,Posted: 29 January,all,Ash314,"""The Lorax"" simulator"
,Recommended,427520,29577352,Posted: 29 January,all,CookieFish,"This game is what you see a youtuber play and think I might enjoy this game as well then you buy it and 300 hours later it's like more trains, more robots, what needs to be automated next. You keep telling youself one more hour and i'll go to bed then it's the moring and you keep playing and you are like Why You Do This!"
,Recommended,427520,29769819,Posted: 7 February,all,Monkeyswithak74,Great Game. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,427520,29828133,Posted: 10 February,all,Elyzon,Amazing.
,Recommended,427520,29904792,Posted: 13 February,all,jedifrench,BEST GAME EVER!
76561197998775721,Recommended,427520,29940572,Posted: 15 February,all,Madaray,Game for Engineers
,Recommended,427520,21859343,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Salvia Hardon,"THE quintessential survival crafting factory game.Factorio will push your spatial management skills to their absolute limits as you start to formulate very complicated automated processes and how they string in with being able to incorporate additional inputs of resources and a continually progressing technology tree.There are some people who play Factorio for 10 hours straight, and there are some who are mentally exhausted after 3-4 hours and can no longer push themselves further. This is an indicator of a game with plenty of depth to offer.As for the early access part of it - Factorio is mostly feature complete, the only bugs that really hinder gameplay are all present in the multiplayer netcode and currently being worked on. The development philosophy of the creators has been spot on for the past few years.Unless you aren't seeking a game that will deeply mentally stimulate you, I highly recommend Factorio, even at full price."
76561198143795507,Recommended,427520,28303000,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Will,Real potential
,Recommended,427520,30094464,Posted: 21 February,all,VanSHOE,-builds a nice automated factory- places labs- automates research- stomach empty- went to make food- returned after 10 mins- factory dead- walls destroyed- labs demolished- checked number of times respawned- number is 4210/10
76561198096402954,Recommended,427520,22115100,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Heet,"Can anyone help me figure out multiplyer, ive been tring for 3 hours to set up a server and now im totally lostplease someone helpgreat game though totally worth the money!"
,Recommended,427520,22788364,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rammix RL_chat_off,"70+ hours of playtime (78 minus some afk time) in 6 days. Yeah, I like this game, lol.I like tycoon games, yet I'm not a big fan of them. But Factorio is something.. it's just awesome, IF it's not the Best of all time then at the very least is among the top 3 tycoon games, and it's still in Early Access. A really nice game with even better potential.If you like tycoons, just buy this game. If you like tower defence games and/or macro-gameplay in RTS, you might also like Factorio.At least grab the demo and try out for yourself. This game deserves your attention. ;)"
,Recommended,427520,34354091,Posted: 19 August,all,𝒜𝓆𝓊𝜆.𝑟𝑎𝑟,its basically impossible to dislike this
,Recommended,427520,25418866,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SStart,I forgot to eat because I was researching Tanks10/10
76561198203156170,Recommended,427520,24456850,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,rdkng94,exelent game
,Recommended,427520,31398212,Posted: 27 April,all,Ʀიⅆიⲋ,Farm Frenzy of my dream
76561198122346578,Recommended,427520,26169024,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Gundoggu,the game itself is THE BEST FACTORY GAME EVER!! The multiplayer is easy to use and it is great as well!
76561198043893394,Recommended,427520,22118597,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Doctor K,Fun and addicting. Highly recommend it!
76561198353419875,Recommended,427520,34031204,Posted: 4 August,all,Cellery,Fun as all ♥♥♥♥ with mods
,Recommended,427520,22188112,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sleightly,Play the exciting origin story of skynet!10/10
,Recommended,427520,22134895,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,forgot to shake ketchup bottle,"if you think about it, coal is rly the life blood of the world.without coal theres no iron plates or copper palteswithout coal theres no brickswithout coal there is no steel barsand without steel bars there is no oil pumpsyou seecoalis the bombcoaaalllif you get this gamemake sure to get allllll the coaaallll you can getcoaaaaaallllllllloh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. COAL.i once had to chop wood for my furnacesdo you know how disgusting that is?thats like putting barbeque sauce on your ice cream sundaythats like eating soggy bread soaked with dish water.god forbid that I would have to put wood in the boilers!anyways.coal.make sure you get a lot of coal.you may think im making too big a deal out of this.no really. ask any factorio player. coal is definitely the best thing.^ hurrah for more than one sentence in a line.coalcoalcoalwooooooooil.. eehhhhh.. petroluem, heavy oil, light oil, its nothing compared to coal.ok im done.btwjust incase you didnt know, i really really love coal.okay.goodbye now, get this game and rly dig up all the coal plz okay thanks bye."
,Recommended,427520,22157890,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bigjonrose Jr,"This game is about automation, you mine for a decnet amount of time the you automate that, you then automate the smelting process, then the crafting process, and then some more automation. BAMM five minutes turns to 30 hours without you realising.10/10 best time machine, would lose 30 hours of my life again."
,Recommended,427520,35449706,Posted: 3 October,all,Fablub,.
76561198292969800,Recommended,427520,33799178,Posted: 25 July,all,goldenleaf6,"Right, to the point.Factorio is a game about building a factory (duh) and being able to automate everything. When your primary resources are already being dug from the ground, you can make more advanced machinery.How it works:At first, you have to do everything yourself. After a bit, coal, iron, copper, and stone are being mined for you. So you unlock new things to do -- like research. Thing is, research requires a ton of bottles. So you have to link up conveyor belts and machines that produce things until you get those bottles. And so on.Factorio plays by problem solving. The charm of it -- at least for me -- is that you know WHAT to do and you have the resources TO do it, resources that you know how to use. All you have to do is connect those resources to your problem and develop a solution. That's it. Except, it's not; because as you give more solutions, more problems pop up. You never run out of problems. What changes is the kinds of problems you run into. The more complicated yet stable your factory gets, the smaller yet more delicate the problem becomes.Characteristics-These are some of the key characteristics about the game. You decide whether you like them or not; they're just characteristics I have noticed when playing.long sessions -- my first factorio session was nine hours. For most players -- myself included -- the game isn't easy to put down. So if you're looking to play a brief half hour before heading to work, set a timer.casual -- even on the most difficult settings, this game is casual. After all, the core of the game is building and fixing your systems.tower defense -- The ""tower defense"" aspect is not really there, because after a certain point, your defenses are too good. However, it does add a level of difficulty; your expansion is limited unless you have proper defenses. So for every mile of expansion, the defenses are just something else you must build along with everything else.customization -- for truly casual players or for players like me who use this game as a way to stay in control in their hectic lives -- there are options to make the game easier without taking away a single aspect of it. For hardcore gamers, there are plenty of resource limitation options.randomization -- so you may be asking: what's the replay value? Other than the mods -- and there are plenty out there, as the modding community is quite active -- here are the things that bring replay value:-customization-resource placement (how far away the resources are)And that's it. However, since resource placement affects the entire core of the game, I would say replay is there. Because based on where the trees and water and coal and whatever else are, you as the player have to build your factory connecting those things. Therefore, no factory you build from a fresh playthrough will ever be the ssame.multiplayer -- there is multiplayer, with steam intigration (so you can invite your friend just by clicking on that tiny down arrow and clicking the ""invite to game"" button). I can see multiplayer being really fun, and I've had a taste of it. It's probably more fun with mics; regardless, multiplayer adds a whole new layer to the game. For me, it's a thin layer, but still enjoyable.beyond end game -- so the end game is shooting a rocket. If you didn't know that, it's not a huge secret. Once you shoot the rocket, you're done. Except, you're not. When you shoot your first rocket, the game doesn't automatically end. That means you can essentially expand until you run out of land. And I believe -- don't quote me on this -- that the land generation is infinite. The developers even added a space resource update. I think. I haven't reached that far yet.hours played and reception -- what I've found while browsing through Steam reviews and reviews online in general is that if  you like the game, you love it. Here's what I mean: those who play the game with a positive review have at least a hundred hours in-game. I don't count, because I'm not finished playing it - I just haven't found the time yet. There's a passion in the playerbase of this game that everyone, or nearly everyone, has. What I mean is, for some games I tend to find reviews saying that the game is OK for the price, and then the reviewer explains their point of view by listing pros and cons of the game. For this one, no one I've seen has said the game is OK while writing a positive review. So if you like the game, you'll love it.demo --yes, there's a demo. Personally, it wasn't enough for me to decide if I liked the game or not but I still highly recommend you try it. It's free, bug-free, and gives you a taste of what the game is about better than any review could.campaign/tutorial and learning curve -- factorio's tutorial is their campaign. It teaches you the very basics of the game. It isn't bad; for  me, it was a little to vague. But once you complete the tutorial, or most of it, the game is easy to grasp. Since the game is about building, the controls aren't exactly difficult. Without finishing the campaign, I was able to successfully start my own game. The learning curve is slow, and the beginning of the game is also slow. The real gameplay comes once you've established a solid base (automated basic resources). That's when it really picks up.early access and costs -- so, what I'm telling you here is factual. These are posts made by the developers themselves. This is just all the information I've gathered before deciding to purchase the game so that you don't have to do so.According to the developers, as of the time of this review (when the game is in early access), the game is $20. Not $19.99. The $20 price tag is because the developers don't like using he .99 trick to lure in their customers. They say that after the game comes out of early access, they're raising the price to $25. As for sales, they say that they ""don't plan on having sales in the foreseeable future"". In their discount discussion on steam, they said even after the price is raised to $25, there still won't be a sale. Why? Because they don't like the idea of having consumers who wait for a sale being at an advantage compared to those who don't. It's also respecting the Early Access players and anyone else who bought the game before. The developers say that financially, they're doing fine, so they don't have to use summer or winter sales to get that money boost anyway. I think they explain it better than I do, so if you go to their website, there should be a Q&A section on there where they explain their position. As for the early access aspect of it, I agree with other reviewers; the game is flawless and seems well-polished for early access. Most early access games have mixed reviews as well, making this an exception.If you want links to the sources I got the cost info from, just comment. But basically, I got it from the website and from their discount discussions page on steam."
,Recommended,427520,21786387,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Teifion,This has basically taken over from DotA as my main form of entertainment. It's early access but it's not crashed once on me and has proven to be one of the most polished games I've ever played. There's a free demo too.
76561198061048713,Recommended,427520,23149658,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MurkeyWater,It will consume many hours of your life.
,Recommended,427520,32480420,Posted: 16 June,all,ㄅㄋㄨㄚ,"Quite possibly the best game on Steam. Well, as of June 16th, it would be if just a few more people gave it a positive review. If you haven't played this game, try out the free demo to see how good it really is."
,Recommended,427520,30502478,Posted: 13 March,all,Pyro-Fire,"Great fun, lots of enjoyment to be had designing factory layouts and belts.But it gets old after the first 1000 or so hours.There needs to be more things to do in the late game.Once you reach bots and max power armor theres almost no point continuing the map because you already have everything."
76561198059987812,Recommended,427520,25390364,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,bloodyguy84,I didnt know Steam had such a great Donald Trump SimulatorIf Trump wins he will-Build large stone walls everywhere-Make border defence top priority-Kick out the aliens-Bring jobs and mass production to the US-Make America Great Again10/10 would vote for Trump again
76561198127388463,Recommended,427520,23161563,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Reuged,i spare some money to eat some hamburgger with my girlfriend in our dating brithday;i waste the money with this game;my girlfriend  became angry with me and broke our relationship;conclusion: you can not have two loves in your live
,Recommended,427520,21827727,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,Heroin Simulator 2016
76561198062016271,Recommended,427520,26730367,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hetsi,It's okey...EDIT: Still is!
,Recommended,427520,25560023,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sloth,It's like Skyrim with guns
76561198181466914,Recommended,427520,23187008,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,mehdi2344,nice just like minecraft  but in 2D and you can add mods but that isnt easy 8/10
,Recommended,427520,23215168,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Shimmy Like Jimmy,"Most reviews are long, here's a simple pros and cons listPROS-Moddable-EVERYTHING can be automated-You can play with your friends-You can run over your friends-You can shoot your friends-You can blow up your friends-Power armor with mods like energy shields! To help you kill your friends!-There is a genuine sense of satisfaction from making things work-Even horrible designs work (anyone can play)-Have not seen any bugs yet-Plenty of content-Optimized-Logic circuits give you lots of potential and customizability (stop making y at x units, switch to y once low on x, etc)-Active dev teamCONS-Combat has little depth. You hold space to shoot the nearest enemy, and hold c to shoot whatever's under your cursor, including allies or those pesky boulders that you can't mine. That's pretty much it.-You'll shrivel up and die from forgetting about your real life"
,Recommended,427520,21531848,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WillDieForPie,10/10
76561198141538860,Recommended,427520,23251471,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,joshis12.jp,Best game ever
76561198055853020,Recommended,427520,21512770,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[CONAN?]Bmooney15,word up
,Recommended,427520,23424898,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,The meme guy,(updated for the badge k?)i mean... VOTE FACTORIO FOR PRESIDENT! IT SAYS IT WILL BUILD A WALL AND MAKE THE BITTERS PAY FOR IT! AND IT WILL PUT A TARIFF ON ALL IMPORTED GOODS! MAKE FACTORIO GREAT AGAIN!
,Recommended,427520,22029044,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Icefire,Fantastic game
76561198108752125,Recommended,427520,22029101,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,PFC.Graton.M,NICE GAME !
76561198057114771,Recommended,427520,31756484,Posted: 14 May,all,GAPSAR,this game is built for autism
76561198119541051,Recommended,427520,22744447,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sampai,10/10Would Factory Again.
76561198030232627,Recommended,427520,24154291,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,lameth,Game in one word: awesome!
,Recommended,427520,23552100,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Automatia,Thoroughly reccommend this game for efficiency buffs
,Recommended,427520,22794135,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,☭Донгис☭,"After playing this game for 100+ hours, all I can say is preety gr8 gaym m8"
76561198089010527,Recommended,427520,25042408,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Potato,potato
76561197994408157,Recommended,427520,21814599,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DrFetid,A wonderfully zen OCD-stimulator
,Recommended,427520,29706951,Posted: 4 February,all,Xeno,"This game has a higher IGN rating than most games... (4-2-17) I've tried to find games with higher ratings on ign including Minecraft, Terraria and even Call Of Duty but only GTA V has a higher IGN rating and only by 0.1! Factorio has an IGN of 9.6 try and find something higher rated its surprisingly hard. (Just take into account as times change so do IGN ratings so at this time these were all true facts)"
,Recommended,427520,22808850,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DeadMrEd,Bardzo fajna gierka dla osób o dobrym umysle na skąplikowane rzeczy. :P
76561198049273600,Recommended,427520,21633671,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,GingerCyclops,Factorio is a great game! For the time and pleasure you get from watching your creations flow together is very much worth the price. I dont have much more to say other than BUY IT!
76561198039865099,Recommended,427520,28688230,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,imjames,the game i've been waiting my whole life to play
,Recommended,427520,26917117,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JakerzB,"If you love building huge factories, playing for hours on end, removing yourself from family, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,427520,32205927,Posted: 5 June,all,Kasper,When did this become my second most played game on steam?..
,Recommended,427520,23010818,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jarl Bolter,I can ride factory-belts whilst shooting aliens.
,Recommended,427520,25954085,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Rowsby Woof,I bought this game 48 hours ago. I've played 35.8 hours since then. Don't buy this game if you have any real world responsibilities.
76561198057541481,Recommended,427520,32506669,Posted: 17 June,all,Goof,Best factory anime
,Recommended,427520,33623379,Posted: 17 July,all,Raigormator,I think 500 is too cheap for this game. It's amazing in so many levels.
,Recommended,427520,21635855,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sleight,"Gentlemen, this is democracy manifest."
,Recommended,427520,26565245,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,L$D,"One of the best developers you could ask for! Just look at the pricetag! They don't try to finesse you by using the ""19.99"" trick! They release weekly reports of what they have been up to and they update the game consistantly. The game will only get better! Pick it up now and you'll be hooked!Everybody else is talking about the gameplay; I thought I'd talk about the masterful devs."
,Recommended,427520,25047777,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Captain Autismo,Best getting hit by a train simmulator.10/10 would rush train techmology again
76561198102010903,Recommended,427520,33882034,Posted: 29 July,all,Nickjet45,Best 20 bucks ever spent
76561198038757593,Recommended,427520,29683811,Posted: 3 February,all,Yutchaii,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME , IT'S A TRAP!!!"
,Recommended,427520,29693908,Posted: 4 February,all,Ichigo いちご,"Awesome game!You build a mine... ok! now lets add a transport belt... arms... furnaces.... factories...after some hours the whole computer starts lagging bcause you build such a complex automatic system that even let new york looks like a small village...Everytime i take a break i ask myself......where my life got missing... no wait! WHEN did that happen...?Seriously? Whatever, just nevermind that. Lets just build some more belts over there......10 years later...OMG! i beat the game! FINALLY!What now?Meeh! Screw my life! New Game! YEEEEHAW!Then i realized that there are Bob Mods existing...I just signated a contract with the time wizard... Who needs a soul when you have factorio?Doesnt matter if you have to work 10.000 years in your afterlife when you can play Factorio for a while. YAY!If you dont have this game yet... what the hell is keeping ya off it?Family? Real life? Hobbies? Husband/Wife? Work?Screw it! Just get this game and look your life fading away! ^_^"
76561198205373183,Recommended,427520,26237264,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mühendis,This review was automated.
,Recommended,427520,33065948,Posted: 30 June,all,Spiggerus,das it mane
76561198097143157,Recommended,427520,27619896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HappinessAndCyanide,"This game is realllllllly addicting! I'm not joking. It's more addicting than cocaine, not that I've done cocaine lol. Basically, in a summary, you build factories, and more factories, and more, and even more, then you kill all the illegal aliens and flee the planet you just killed. 11/10 realistic USA simulator"
,Recommended,427520,29703504,Posted: 4 February,all,zamadatix,Hours of fun.
76561198098227138,Recommended,427520,30440643,Posted: 10 March,all,SlayerGoneWild,Its addicting.xD
76561198093438603,Recommended,427520,28245681,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,oncpapa,A game that's 20.00 dollars instead of 19.99 dollars.11/10
76561198025810917,Recommended,427520,30444769,Posted: 11 March,all,Gareth Bale,Really fun spending hours improving your factories!
76561198017936979,Recommended,427520,30544359,Posted: 16 March,all,mike_7410,Addicting
76561198029561408,Recommended,427520,28320520,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,cyclop75,best game ever
,Recommended,427520,22072119,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Lennart Bladh = stream on,"Played 12 hours straight, which isn´t that long to be honest. My friends no longer respond to my messages. My gf was never real to begin with, but she still seems more absent than before. My parents have appearently disowned me and I was forced to take shelter in the town scrap yard. I managed to sneak a craptop with me and I´ve built a conveyor belt transporting used batteries to me so I can convert the little remaining energy they contain into usable energy for my craptop, so I have many hours of factorio ahead of me."
76561197965478715,Recommended,427520,21957952,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,-[CST]- Meticulous7,"This game will take your time. It will keep you up late and make you avoid your family and obligations. It will take your life and your soul and you will beg on your knees for it to take whatever else it needs, so long as you can keep playing it.10/10 would sacrifice everything again."
76561198107201470,Recommended,427520,34350958,Posted: 19 August,all,PrepPower6094,...
,Recommended,427520,25734685,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BACKBONE,Yup
76561198234309528,Recommended,427520,24963922,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Phenolupe,sssgood
,Recommended,427520,22190840,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,slarerer,least early access early access game i've ever played
,Recommended,427520,22208795,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,b0st0n,If you are a fan of RTS and city build games buy thisTanksArmored carsEXO-suitsShotgunsAsault riflesAliensTurrents♥♥♥♥♥esJKBUY IT NOW OR I WILL KILL YOU
,Recommended,427520,22616131,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ange1walk.[E&A] ❤,"I can see myself playing Factorio well over 1,000 hours seriously, the amount of content you get here is way more than many AAA Titles deliver.Being in Early Access, it almost has no bugs whatsoever.You can build your Factory in so many ways and you can ""Research"" abilities, which you can use to craft from Conveyor Belts, to Trains and Robots for Construction and Logistics.You can also use Rail Signals if you want to use more Trains on a Single Track, which means you can create such Complex Train Lines.Ok, now stop reading Reviews and BUY IT, but beware of your Real Life and Time, it will get eaten away quickly :D"
,Recommended,427520,22438789,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,joonatoona,"What happens when I saw this game:""This looks interesting""*Buys Game**Downloads game*""I'll just play for like 15 minutes""*Next morning*""Must... Automate... Everything...""8/8 would waste life again"
,Recommended,427520,23284304,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Huntermist,"I always look up what the game is about but with factorio i said ""F*** IT"" But so far the game is great can be vary vary vary VARY VARY VARY VARY confusion at first but it gets more simple as you learn and yes your going to need some engineering experience or non but having non make is it as vary vary vary *2 hours later* sorry.But this game really great takes in to facter how we make elctricty and stuff and mining in real life. now this aint like other buliding factorie games BUT instead take in a more of a realistic aproach.NOW IF I SEE SOME ONE COMPLAING ABOUT GAPHICS (AND YES I THATS NOT A TYPO GAPHICS) IM GOING TO MABYE CUT OFF ALIENS LIMB becasue aliens in this game can uh kill you real fast.But so far id give this game a BADASS RANK of 9.4/10 even tho game can be confusing at first you will begain to understand the heart of the machine (HA 40K REFRENCE !) i mean know how to use all these crazy technolgy.BUT (YES I SAY BUT ALOT) Id reconmend it even if your reading this and thinking ""ID DONT KNOW IT LOOKS TO CRAZY) and yes. it. is. crazy but fun and confusian at the same time BUT thats what makes it fun right?-From HunterMist"
,Recommended,427520,28021320,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BylliGoat,Just buy it.
,Recommended,427520,27872110,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chace,"This game is slow to begin, but once you get going, you can create some awesome stuff."
76561198160834733,Recommended,427520,24325529,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Björn Borg,Thought it looked♥♥♥♥♥♥bought it due to good reviews and ♥♥♥♥ its 2:20am.
76561197998429285,Recommended,427520,24324369,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ϻԑṝṝỹ,best game ever 10/10
76561198039158238,Recommended,427520,24344756,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ironsoulreaver,This game is fantastic! I cant stop playing!Just Buy it Ok!It's alot greener now too :P
,Recommended,427520,22867769,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Joe_e,gud game
,Recommended,427520,23723295,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,justinwood2,"Warning. This game is highly addictive,"
,Recommended,427520,23228448,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,HotPants,Great
,Recommended,427520,22866000,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Billy,Best game ever. Why haven't you bought it yet?
76561198110727918,Recommended,427520,21870987,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,DERTY NUMBER 1,That moment when Factorio has better reviews than Tom Clancys The Division
76561197984875505,Recommended,427520,21570939,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Vance,Recommended for the engineer hidden inside you! It's definitely worth the 20 Euros.
76561197982316775,Recommended,427520,21571752,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,jempet,"Purchased based on reviews. Played for 8 hours first try. It's been a long time since a game held my attention. Very addicting, very good for an active mind. I must now eat. but will play again"
,Recommended,427520,21571962,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,-BloOm-,This game will take your life away.I am not particurlary a fan of builder/settler games.From time to time i try one of those.. like factorio..Starting campain..building some stuff..researching stuff..trying to get some automation going..smiling when finally a train gets loaded.. transports stuff and gets unloaded at destination..waiding of some aliens..destroy my car because i am stupid and ram it full speed into a power pole..Looking at the clock..♥♥♥♥♥♥. way over bed time... i forgot to eat dinner..10/10 Would starve again
,Recommended,427520,21673335,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gage,"Day 1:Played this game for 1 day straightMy parents told me its time to eat, i didnt goDay 2:Played the game for 1 day straightSo my parents draged me down stairsDay 3:Played the game for 1 day straightMy prarents draged me downSo i super glued my self to my chairDay 4:Played the game for 1 day straightMy Parents draged me down stairs with my chair,so i super glued my chair to the groundI win10/10 Would never move again"
,Recommended,427520,21633697,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Eppiox,"*Changed review from no to yes due to patches which have greatly improved stability***old review**The only reason I am not recommending this game is due to stability and save file corruption, given patches and some time I will most likely change this review to recommend, alas the folly of early access.Beyond these review breaking technical issues the game is enjoyable (so far).  The tutorial missions fit well, they don’t feel forced and procession is smooth, I feel I have a strong taste for what this game will offer. The crafting and chaining of productions is a neat challenge and rewarding too, the combat system could be improved but currently seems to not be a huge focus and is something that can be managed without much trouble.If you like automation, puzzles, building all with a tad of risk, this game is for you- if however the game crashes for you, I’d recommending giving it sometime then revisiting it later."
,Recommended,427520,21612858,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Harkness,The best idle game you're ever going to play.
,Recommended,427520,21543633,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sigma,"Bought this game on a recommendation, experiencing extreme regret for not having played it before now. Installed at 7pm, played for 10 hours straight with work the following morning because this game is essentially a schedule I substance. I've already played enough to feel satisfied with my purchase, and I look forward to sinking many more hours into this game; If Spacechem, Infinifactory, or the Gregtech Mod elicit fond memories, it's worth checking out Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,21961440,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,VANA,Игра на годы вперед.
76561198022737421,Recommended,427520,21910928,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Turtle Pleasures,"This game is hand-hurtingly addictive.  I cant stop playing it!   So far I have yet to encounter a single bug, and the gameplay keeps me coming back for more."
,Recommended,427520,21476910,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,NE-R0,Is good.
76561198030607522,Recommended,427520,22952619,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Cleftal Horizon,Bought this 5.6 hours ago.5.4 hours on record.
76561198218637827,Recommended,427520,22851648,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The One And Only Gender Bender,Big Factories. Big Oil making. Is the place for me.
55345234534643525,Recommended,427520,22724288,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,pittbullen,"best game ever its good it made me sick so i could stay at home and play it, and didnt ahve to go to school"
76561198025056924,Recommended,427520,27390785,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bauerbach,"Who needs a review?  Ive got 180 hours, obviously I like the game.  its a great game, huge mod community, developer has embraced the mods with a convenient management interface.Play the demo, you'll buy the game."
76561198151324857,Recommended,427520,23686521,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,YEH,really good gaem must get 10/10
76561198199811863,Recommended,427520,23491402,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Expicto | gamekit.com,"its a very good, interesting and fun game its worht the money because here are so many thigns to do and so many ways to do them theres no end to the fun."
76561198131487967,Recommended,427520,23478430,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Arctic the fox,I bought this for me and a friend and cant figure out the multiplayer please somehow make it steam compatible
,Recommended,427520,23417165,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Aerotonic,great ♥♥♥♥ing game!
,Recommended,427520,23310716,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,matthewdylan395,"Great Game! It Lets You Create And Build What Ever You Want, Maybe You Want A High Performance Oil Refinery Area, Or A Automatic Iron Smelting Factory, Or Even A Automatic Crafting Station. There Are No Limits To What You Cand Do In This Game! 5 STARS!!!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,23245896,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,scheffield,Awesome game. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,427520,22510161,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Scapa,I rate 8/8Would always spend 5 hours to find out how to stack the transport belts on both sides again.
,Recommended,427520,25486778,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SNIBETI SNAB BATTLE CRAB,"You have to have slight autism to enjoy it, as it's mainly about min/maxing things. But it's a sandbox so it really is up to you how to play. Still being updated regularly."
,Recommended,427520,25216548,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JabbrWockey,"Goes from stone age to space age in about as fast as it takes for you to automate it.Seriously, you can automate EVERYTHING.You start out trying to scrape together enough stone and coal ore with some wood-burning drills, and many hours later you have drones that build your own personal blueprint layouts for cracking light oil into petroleum for plastic and battery production.The only downside is that there are currently only two electricity sources - solar and steam (burning wood/coal/fuel).  They need nuclear, geothermal, or something else.  I also can't wait until they add a space element."
76561197967352326,Recommended,427520,23027321,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,MG | Le Lieth,This game is fantastic. Please continue to follow it this way!  Thank you for these great hours I spent.
76561198099822321,Recommended,427520,23718784,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Bernie Benard Sanders,"Awesome game.Challenging,your a survivalist basicly, has great things to it,like a rocket silo,rocket launcher,flame thrower,and more!"
,Recommended,427520,24388878,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dream,"Please, help me.."
76561198048051390,Recommended,427520,23714276,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Robobert_Smitty,Great time killer if you like logistics. The rate that you aggro enemies seems random and at a certain point in the game if you didnt eradicate an enemy it becomes impossible. Resources seem to run out to quickly too but it adds to the experiemce of transporting more resources outside of the zone you secured.
,Recommended,427520,24627559,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bird,ok
,Recommended,427520,24458470,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,tonyschnabeluk,"Simply put, this game is fun, It looks simple but it can get very complicated at times, you find yourself playing late at night trying to figure out why your production of speed modules is not working property and having to admit to yourself that humans do need sleep from time to time. Its very addictive."
,Recommended,427520,22513197,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,osama was a llama,"after 2 hours of gameplay i think ill just finish this and get off 5 minutes later, or so i thought, honey could you please get off the computer you have been on for 9 hours.13/11 would miss breakfast, morning tea, lunch dinner and life again"
,Recommended,427520,23160358,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Greasy Caveman,Seriously ♥♥♥♥ those mother ♥♥♥♥ing biters.Overall a great game with a huge amount of replay value.
76561198081798885,Recommended,427520,25587032,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,X606,"I love this game, but theres one thing; once you created your rocket and flew to space, the game ends... and everything you have done is gone. I think that you should be able to go back once you have gone to space. every thing else about the game is fantastic! Thanks!"
,Recommended,427520,21534348,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Feffelicious,"Really good game, buy it."
76561198067260407,Recommended,427520,25957702,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ViralSun,This game is basically cocaine. Leave while you still can.
,Recommended,427520,24190490,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Almondator87 | Gamekit.com,This game should be illegal for how addicting it is. Its crack for gamers!
,Recommended,427520,24378517,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BlindJim,Super addicting game!
76561197968665814,Recommended,427520,24255776,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ProtoOni,"This game is fun, complex and intense!"
,Recommended,427520,23123614,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SgtDomo,"Everyone who likes to automate stuff and discover new things will love this game. I would recommend playing it with a friend but it is also a lot of fun in singleplayer (I player it alone and another times with a friend). If you want to play multiplayer here are some advises: open the port for factorio in your router, use your external IP-Adress and check the checkbox ""use peer-to-peer"" when you start the server. Have fun :)"
76561198109190694,Recommended,427520,23526768,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,One True Waifu,-ProsSo much funModsLOTS OF MODSCreativityEverything-ConsTook my life away
76561198057399822,Recommended,427520,22360798,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Patty,Good Game
,Recommended,427520,21854220,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,KingMe- | csgo-skin.exchange,Addicting
76561198121875586,Recommended,427520,22247015,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,CannedLock,"This game has an exelent concept, but the gamplay is horrible. The 2 starting tools, the Burner Miner Drill and Stone Furnace, don't work. The burner miner drill dies after mining 1 piece of the ore, and I cant progress. I do think, though, that if you can figure it out, it is an exelent game. The only thing that needs to be fixed is the tutorial."
76561198271694613,Recommended,427520,22272282,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,tigerwars360,very nise game with a good tsand box i courld not stop playing for 100 hoursbut when you finish the sad box there is not alot of stuff to do it ends there
,Recommended,427520,25292211,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Spaceman Fran,Este juego promete... hacedme caso :D
76561198065303803,Recommended,427520,22850396,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Iron Oxide,"This is a great foundation for a great game, needs different types of ores just to make it more complex. there needs to be more of a reason to spread your reach across the map."
76561198061168574,Recommended,427520,25241908,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dunnmer,Yes
,Recommended,427520,25242296,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,feedthemorlock,Addictive
,Recommended,427520,25243388,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Philadelphia Collins,fun game!
76561198073209363,Recommended,427520,25265993,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tranceology3,"Some people are addicted to cocaine.Some people are addicted to alcohol.Some people are addicted to cigarettes.But would you ever think that a game like this could be more addicting than all three?If you like mining, crafting, micromanagement, with some defense and combat, than this game will be more addicting than all three drugs combined.For once, I have found a game that not only entertaines me, but also challenges me to solve very - VERY COMPLEX problems to my own satis..factory.From the beginning, I wanted to just blast through the game, and unlock, build all I could....ehh, no that didn't work. Because unlike most games that challenge you through grinding, this game challenges you through real logic, and logistics. The best part is, that once you get so invested in your factory, you can't go back, and all you can do is retrofit, upgrade and keep expanding; this to me, is amazing, as it keeps your mind thinking - but sometimes it's very compelling to start from scratch - but don't be fooled with confidence that you have the perfect design, as even your early factory will be reconstructed into a whole new desgin once you research and unlock a whole new logistic system.I highly recommend, 10/10. Out of all the games similar to this, I think I have found the one that is gonna really ruin my life..."
,Recommended,427520,23192770,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Poke1236ok,IT DOSE NOT SEAM FUN BUT IT IS SOOOOOOOOOO FUN! TRY THE DEMO BEFORE YOU GET THE GAME
76561198002968493,Recommended,427520,21571842,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Zackreaver (Medic),"Saw name, I like factories.Started first trailer, I like automationSaw trains in first trailer, I freaking love trainsSaw combat in first trailer, I like combatSaw train run over bugs, instant purchaseSaw multiplayer in second trailer, bought 2 more copies for friends.10/10 would buy three times again."
76561198129499115,Recommended,427520,22262469,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jacorn,"Even though this game is expensive in early access, it is totally worth it if you love managing a factory, destroying ecosystems, and kicking aliens out of their natural habitat. This game is truly a great game, and is basically cocaine."
76561197999571966,Recommended,427520,30968259,Posted: 5 April,all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"https://youtu.be/8827eoXRavYEver wondered what the world would be like if pollution didn't matter?I know many republican congressmen seem to have that feeling so lets follow that logic for a moment.In Factorio you are a massive building machine.  To start you chop down wood and manually dig up ore and coal, but within a few minutes you have the beginnings of the industrial revolution sparked and away things move.  Before long you have your initial power plants and pollution skyrockets.But... where are the hippies?  The green peace folk to dampen on your parade...?Nowhere to be found.  In fact it's just you, alone, on this planet.  Your only companions the servo arms and conveyor belts working their way around your factory as you bulldoze more and more of the surface away in the immortal praise of progress.But... what about the air?  The environment?  And the water?Shush you ♥♥♥♥♥, in this world it's all about 'jobs' and 'the free economy'.  No sissy anti-gun laws here!This game is if the far right of the US really did get it's way and just simply remove all the pesky things like health care, education, environmental surveys and other sections of government and just spent their money on military and economic growth.And boy does it do these things well.Just mind the mutated bugs who don't seem keen on your world view."
,Recommended,427520,29093440,Posted: 7 January,all,Ad0z,love it
76561198061701244,Recommended,427520,30110254,Posted: 22 February,all,useless,this game is just... i have no words exept GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
76561198136305000,Recommended,427520,30823098,Posted: 29 March,all,owen.mclauchlan,Have played 100+ very good hours of this. I recomend.
,Recommended,427520,29708638,Posted: 4 February,all,Dihydrogen Monoxide,"Amazing. Just... Amazing. I have spent 100+ hours at the time of this review, less then a week after i have purchased the game. part of this is because there is a catch, its not great for active playing, the true purpose of this game is to give you something to do while doing other crap, playing XBOX/Playstation, watching TV, playing handheld games, whatever, this game is ment to be set on auto pilot, and set loose, heck, im ""playing"" it right now, it's fun, and you can have other fun while doing it. if you enjoy grinding in games WHILE doing other stuff, get this game, it does not get better then this, it even defaults to a windowed mode, making it no harder to use other programs while using it. you can also use other steam games at the same time for those who where wondering."
76561198083616405,Recommended,427520,27380918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,slyfirefox21,"In the beginning you own the factory, but later on....you find out that the factory owns you."
,Recommended,427520,24404499,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,UndeadNecro,-You start with a small handful of resources-Make a pickaxe-Stab resources with prejudice-Craft your first autonomous harvesters-Feed them coal-Stab more resources-Smelt them-Build your first engine-Make it self reliant with an autofeeder system-Make harvesters that don't need coal-Make conveyer belts to bring your mined resources to you-Keep building-Make complex systems and factories-Fight off angry bugs-Launch rockets-Win-Repeat
,Recommended,427520,31848939,Posted: 19 May,all,"On VACation, Be Right Back.",just buy it.
76561197970540475,Recommended,427520,21842093,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,jernst288,"update review. After playing for some time now I have a more insightful review. Initially the game is great but once you get the routine down it becomes rather mundane. Some of the features like combinators are to complicated to follow and frankly you don't need them. As long as you have plenty of iron and copper plates you can do just about anything. Oil is a nightmare. you have to use all three exports for one to keep working so i just crate solid fuel so i can use the rest. I built the rocket and the game was over. It's a good game but something is missing. It just gets boring after a while.Initial review: The person that mentioned the video is confusing and daunting is correct.  I almost did not buy it because of that but it is not nearly as crazy as it looks in the video.  Things are moving but it is for automation and never bogs you down.  You never have to sit and wait, there is always something to do or improve.The game is very addictive.  It's always like just 10 more minutes.  It's enjoyable,challenging and rewarding all at the same time and I would never guessed this was early access.  It seems like a done game to me.  The aliens add an extra challenge but are never dominating your attention.  It is a fun way to spend a few hours and your never under a time limit."
,Recommended,427520,22974804,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Chungo Beepis,"Words fail to describe how I feel about this game, but whatever deep and mysterious itch I have for this sort of micromanagement gameplay is scratched immensely by Factorio."
76561198160640354,Recommended,427520,27895452,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bob the Builder,"I am an aspergic person, thought this would suit me perfectly, but it didn't. Devs, if you're listening can you add an option to see more detailed specs about parts? Like an electric mining drill, I'd like to be able to see it can dig up 30/s under optimal conditions, stuff like that."
76561198032898393,Recommended,427520,22971256,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,danmanisa,"Let's cut to the chase:- I don't know what I am doing- I am in over my depth- My head is spinning trying to solve a problem in the game- to solve one problem, there are another 3 to solve before you can address that one- From what I have seen, i have only scratched the surface- I will probably never be good at the game as I don't have the time to really delve into it- I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE ABOVE BECASUE I AM LOVING THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!Factorio is addictive. As I have stated, I have really only scratched the surface of the game. I have really tried hard to avoid looking up any tutorials or YouTube clips and so far have stuck to that fairly well. I want to figure this stuff out myself. So, that said, I am still on the second or third level of the campaign - something but probably should only take about half an hour (? no idea - never compared to anything) but I am easily up to 10+hours just on that alone (and I now think I need to start again!)The game will do your head in but in a good way. There is something very rewarding about nutting out a manufacturing chain that works. Watching all your bits humm along and progress is made.The tutorial is ok, it gives you enough but it's not a lot. Kinda like saying, ""Did you know nuclear power is very complicated. Now, here's some uranium and some bricks, off you go then!"" That said, it worked.The campaign ramps things up significantly and seems to act as a more advanced tutorial. BUt this ain't baby steps, more like giant leaps. BUt it has worked and I am loving the challnege.When I couldn't figure out one thing, I looked at some YouTube clips and saw technologies and features WAAAAAAAY beyond what I am up to - and I already feel barely in control.The crafting system is pretty easy and unlike other crafting based games, you don't need to use time wasting trial and error to discover recipes. They are all there which makes things so much easier. Want to build an ""x""? Hover over the icon and it will tell you it needs some ""a's"" and ""b's"" to make it. It gets tricky when the ""a's"" need ""c's"" and ""d's"" to be built and thus, the complexity and mind breaking begins.You will love this game if you like exploratory, survival, crafting games that really make you think. As I said in my intro, I won't ever be an expert a tthe game but I am loving the almost perfect learning curve - it's hard but not alienating. I'm NEVER bored. It's not treating me like a baby with breadcrumbs through every possible action. Let's be honest, there is a lot this game does not tell you, but it's not impossible for a regular Joe like me to nut it out...eventually.Can't wait to see where this game goes....scared to see where this game goes given what it has already!"
,Recommended,427520,28996902,Posted: 3 January,all,Enderofall,it has been alot of fun
76561198051231737,Recommended,427520,23747563,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kennedy.seanc,LOVE THIS GAME.
,Recommended,427520,21555436,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mister Meeseeks,"Played this for several dozen hours presteam, just through less legal means. Using the excuse ""Oh, I'll just buy it once it comes to steam"". So once I saw it was released on steam (and climbing the most popular tab), I decided to keep my promise. I'm glad I can finally show my support."
,Recommended,427520,24324641,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Catharsium,"I can't think of another game that manages to prevent you from getting bored with in-game tasks so well as Factorio, and yet still offer hours and hours of fun. I haven't finished the game because I don't care about finishing it; I just want to solve design problems and build stuff.If I would have any criticism it would be you might get slightly overwhelmed, and it might not be clear on times what you should focus on next; The end goal of launching your rocket does not automatically imply what you should be building after finishing up your previous goal.Currently the game is in Early Access and while I would normally not even consider it as such, after research before purchase I was convinced I would like it in it's current state and all later releases have been and will be just additional icing on the already terrific cake.Essentially this game just allows you to be creative, in the context building infrastructure to handle materials and feel good about your work."
,Recommended,427520,24328879,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,sk0sH,"I am only in the early stages of this gameThis game requires a pretty high learning curve, in order to figure out where to place everything. I'd recommend watching a couple playthroughs on youtube before, and as, you are playing the game simultaneously.Factorio is awesome and addicting as hell.Imagine, if you will, Civilization II, but compartmentalized...like, every single advancement and building you add, has to be actually built, by you, using conveyer belts, steam engines, solar panels, machinery...You spend about...the first five minutes cutting down treesThen you build stone furnacesYOU WILL CUT DOWN TONS OF TREES BUT W/E THIS IS A GAME NOT ACTUAL CLIMATE CHANGEfrom there you mine the crap out of iron, copper, and stonethen you automate the iron and copperthen you collect oil and other resourcesand so on and so on as you research new technologies by building laboratories which you need to feed ""R&D"" into (in the form of tiny beaker sprites, which represent progress towards a new technology. The more labs you have, the faster you will learn technologies)this tiny creation you are building just continues to grow...like playing Sim City, but you need to make sure *everything* works the way you place it. Sometimes, it is difficult to determine the most optimized layout, and it will take most people several playthroughs before they build an epic, 90%+ efficiency factory and launch a rocket into space...all whilst being attacked by the aliens that inhabit the planet (if you so choose--you should play on peaceful to begin with to learn the mechanics).Basically it's an isometric version of minecraft, combined with the early Civilization games, with LOTS of redstone that will eventually do the work for you.You will experience the ""Tetris effect"", which will cause you to lose sleep, see endless conveyer belts when you close your eyes, and you will constantly think about how to make your builds more efficient, until...you are a master.I've only done one playthrough, I've barely automated♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I am already impressed...This is an Early Access Alpha that is actually GOOD and worth the ~$21. Keep in mind that I have played plenty of ""DayZ"", an early access alpha, that is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ so...when it comes to early access alphas, I have the worst game to compare this game to, and this game has basically zero setbacks.The game cant get any worse from here, and by playing it, you wouldn't even think it is in alpha. You'd think it was near finished...I am very impressed by this game and give it a full endorsement. You will NOT be disappointed...unless you don't like making awesome automated monstrosities with flying robots that mine, smelt, refine, build, and create stuff for you in the endgame.This has infinite replay value. Oh, also, the map is infinite, so as long as you survive, you can keep adding onto your build indefinitely.It's not that hard to kill invaders. Simply set up radar stations, then automated turrets after making bullets (iron), and you're golden9.95 / 10"
76561198071657433,Recommended,427520,24309123,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Supachazzed,I bet i get judged for playing this game.
,Recommended,427520,24357556,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,francopoli,"I purchased this game not knowing that it was till in a ""beta"" phase, and am glad that I did.  Everything seems stable on my desktop and on my laptop.  Within a few hours, you will know what all the parts do, why they are important and how the fit into the puzzle of the game.  If you like games like Kerbal Space Program and Poly Bridge, games where you get a set of rules and objects to play with in a sandbox, you will love Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,24318781,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Terminal56 csgoroll.com,I have played this game so much I am now stuck in the world of Factorio. The aliens will riot soon. Please send help quick.
76561197993433775,Recommended,427520,24320933,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,cold.fire,"Damn this game is like crack!  Still haven't checked out the mods yet, but there are quite a few available now and the latest version of the game added some great new features!  Lots of fun stuff to play with.  Just gotta watch the clock or I end up spending all day playing and forget to eat!"
76561198067343173,Recommended,427520,24321845,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ralphy15,"This is a fantastic game, well worth the $20.tldr;buy this game.11/10!!!"
76561198049481973,Recommended,427520,24325968,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,elevatedjac01,"Amazing, Addicting."
,Recommended,427520,25560825,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Wando_,dis good gaem
76561198217167892,Recommended,427520,22593945,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Harry Paul,Awesome great game very fun.
76561198244357100,Recommended,427520,32492503,Posted: 16 June,all,Not A Robot,The most boring part of this game is the first 20 minutes to an hour which is getting your self established after that its smooth sailing unless the aliens attack you.
76561198256572359,Recommended,427520,32495239,Posted: 16 June,all,ngocypham123,You have no idea how many math lessons I have taken while playing this game.Totally not some game to help you escape school.
76561198017270078,Recommended,427520,32462878,Posted: 15 June,all,Methedras,Thank god i discovered this game after the semester. I might not have graduated.
76561198028659608,Recommended,427520,32241273,Posted: 7 June,all,Vim,"I came home from work (software engineering), fired up the game to relax, now I work for Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,32508223,Posted: 17 June,all,UnnaturalDeletion,I've lost so many hours to Factorio. I can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,427520,32524297,Posted: 17 June,all,FroschWorldWide,"Addiction at its finest, but very repetitive."
76561198321505360,Recommended,427520,32234434,Posted: 7 June,all,saphix,"This game was surprisingly good,it was quiet complicated at first but after a few hours this game is actually quiet easy.I suggest everyone to try this game out :)"
,Recommended,427520,32402850,Posted: 13 June,all,pompetardo,"Best game ever!!!! too adictive, cocaine for engineers."
,Recommended,427520,32239489,Posted: 7 June,all,Tavis,Fantastically fun game.. Not even a big deal when you have to restart because you built like an idiot =p
,Recommended,427520,32354166,Posted: 11 June,all,Born to NOOT,Get more iron
76561198043043888,Recommended,427520,32356313,Posted: 11 June,all,Zumoku Katatakiarimot,Before buying this game I read a review telling me that if I like sleep I shouldnt buy it. I didnt listen. 10/10
76561198175809366,Recommended,427520,32464548,Posted: 15 June,all,sαgε,Goot game
76561198007674748,Recommended,427520,32508586,Posted: 17 June,all,mrdavrosjipo,dam good
76561198045500933,Recommended,427520,32459989,Posted: 15 June,all,TheTruestRepairman,This game will make you feel both very smart and also insanely stupid. Mostly stupid.
,Recommended,427520,32516533,Posted: 17 June,all,Kronnus,"Great game, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,427520,32517025,Posted: 17 June,all,ɴyooмαтιcѕ,"Slow, idle and a great time waster. That's what makes this game great. Definitely worth the 20 dollars."
,Recommended,427520,32355082,Posted: 11 June,all,glitchdetector,"Wanted to write a review within the first 20 hours of gameplay, guess it's so addictive I didn't realize it had already been 250 hours.This game will consume your days, weeks, even months."
,Recommended,427520,32399249,Posted: 13 June,all,RomanMars,this game rules!  It's worth the money and i love playing multiplayer.
,Recommended,427520,32460893,Posted: 15 June,all,tuvas21,"This is an amazing game! It has an amazing ability to have something new to do all the time, that is a goal of your choosing. I've played almost 200 hours, and I can easily see spending the same amount of time again on this game, a huge value. Can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,427520,32464750,Posted: 15 June,all,Burnie,Wonderful logistics simulator that you can approach however you want.
76561198100524165,Recommended,427520,22430974,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,megaempeier,i honestly cant stop playing but that does not mean that this game is perfect a view thing that i`d like to have in the game are briges and a steam supportet multiplayer but appart of that is the game almost perfekt. so i demand you buy that game i really want this to get bigger
76561198150461221,Recommended,427520,31113742,Posted: 13 April,all,Thegamer211,cool and good
76561197972622879,Recommended,427520,21846112,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Dragythedrag,I literally got ready a bowl of 420 for this before starting the game. It's now 5 hours later and I have yet to touch my bowl. WOW
,Recommended,427520,23249082,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,MrKaldy,Awesome game it's like drugs i can't stop playing....
76561198140847364,Recommended,427520,22713597,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,xXNo5coperXx@Yahoo.com,This game is worth the 20.00 price tag and i can say that with my twelve hours of gamplay i have right now playing co-op with my friend the game is so unique and runs really well even on my potato. 10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥Slayer Approved!
,Recommended,427520,28981110,Posted: 3 January,all,TheDeliSandwich,ok First off. i would like to say even the bad reviews are good and this game has so much Potential. i know that even know i dont have a lot of hrs know but i have seen what this game can be come
,Recommended,427520,29404567,Posted: 21 January,all,Bell,This game has become my full time job.11/10
76561198207775369,Recommended,427520,29089432,Posted: 7 January,all,Cheroids,"awesome game, but i can no longer play it, i downloaded a mod and it reset game when i open the game it doesnt let me play due to the mod, can anyone help?"
,Recommended,427520,27230377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Imp,definatly a just need 5 more minutes reward
76561198060307297,Recommended,427520,27852432,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drunken Dribbler,Perfect for the just 5 more minutes Award
76561198135273917,Recommended,427520,29930663,Posted: 14 February,all,AgentXur,This game is so worth the money. There is only one word to describe it: Incredible.
,Recommended,427520,25955288,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SaltyBoi,best citybuilding infinite world type game
,Recommended,427520,29899559,Posted: 13 February,all,Skooks,Spagetti Belts
,Recommended,427520,29663265,Posted: 2 February,all,Nitro_Hedgehog [NGC],belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts belts beltsalso belts.
76561198344906595,Recommended,427520,29517080,Posted: 27 January,all,monapark97,It is great but downloaded a some mods but I think one of it is cracked so I can't go inside the game menu so canyou please give me some solutions?
,Recommended,427520,27853726,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ironman2213,"The best ""Just 5 more minutes"" game you can find"
,Recommended,427520,25086156,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"This will be brief because game development often invalidates Early Access reviews.This game absolutley belongs in EA, and is not ready for release. That said, it seems to be moving in the right direction. Once the world is a little richer, the graphics are more polished, the UI completely redesigned, and the enemies made interesting and challenging, I'll do a proper release review.In its current state, I'd reverse my recommendation for a released game."
76561197985430552,Recommended,427520,29050421,Posted: 5 January,all,Zombie,"This is a fantastic resource management game. If you like automating things, you will love it.Gather resources, manage their distribution, build and automate your colony. Figuring out optimal resource distribution patterns is quite fun and once you discover circuits, you can even start donig basic programming.Few things that I didn't like though:* You have to run around your base. I don't think this game needs a main character, should have just been strategy. This is most annoying when you bump into stuff.* Many things are difficult to use, I had to consult the manual regularly, because I could not figure out how to run trains, then how to setup train signals, then how to use personal roboport and things like that.* No way to drop useless stuff on the floor. Trees are everywhere and they are useless. Removing them is a boring chore.Despite these small hiccups, the game is quite addictive and the pace of progress is right."
,Recommended,427520,29028495,Posted: 5 January,all,Paulio,yes made my willy moist
,Recommended,427520,27674931,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cfenton,"It might not look like much, but Factorio is one of the deepest and most satisfying games I've ever played."
,Recommended,427520,22056612,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,dozhx,"I'm 60 hours in and still confusedwhat/10Edit: 90 hours in, I THINK I know what I'm doing. Just maybe."
76561198254900596,Recommended,427520,23645994,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,☭ Jósefe Stallone ☭,"10/10 would bae again,Gaben approves of dis shitez"
,Recommended,427520,30901848,Posted: 2 April,all,deadass xd,yes
76561198135268403,Recommended,427520,23186799,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,(U.H.S.U.) The Hidden,It good
,Recommended,427520,22026507,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Vlaterklap,Really fun game to play with friends.10/10
76561197971347928,Recommended,427520,22027848,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,GFrost,Just a really great and fun building game
,Recommended,427520,22027046,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Codazm1337,A simple game that can (and will) consume a lot of your time. A very enjoyable game. 9/10
,Recommended,427520,21595812,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kendow,This game could literally be used to help kick coke addictions.10/10 Would do coke and play this game again!
76561198114806780,Recommended,427520,21596242,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,HotSpud,After playing this game for a significant amount of time I think I might have discovered the meaning of my existance.
76561198000710692,Recommended,427520,21595836,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,AppleloosanGrin (check profile),"For those that love the joy of automating, this is fantastic fun!"
76561197997911889,Recommended,427520,27098613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sharky,the best
,Recommended,427520,23303549,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,FLAC Attack,"Converyers are red,Assemblers are blue,You can automate everything,And your girlfreind will leave you"
,Recommended,427520,31433197,Posted: 28 April,all,RustedPork,I've finally found a good factory game...
,Recommended,427520,22021263,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Scienceman57,Positive Review
76561197970508370,Recommended,427520,22031372,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,OkO,Awesome !!!
,Recommended,427520,22036071,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reeves,GOOD GAME
76561198133730429,Recommended,427520,21538032,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,vaypgamer,"Not sure if it's just OS X 10.10.5, but this game does not run properly on it."
,Recommended,427520,31453544,Posted: 29 April,all,SPOON,"Hello, I am Spoon!This is the first gameI have ever loved c:!!!!! <3"
,Recommended,427520,22036293,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Eli Pendragon,"I wanted to write an amazing review for this amazing game, but I can't, so I found some words that I couldn't agree with more:Show’s over, building games. It’s time to go home.Seriously: I can’t think where there is left to go after Factorio [official site]. It pushes the concept of resource-management to such an extreme that anything that does anything less risks seeming underwhelming, while anything which tries to go further could well be overwhelming. We’re talking dozens of conveyor belts, hundreds of robotic arms, thousands of chunks of ore, and constructions quite possibly in the millions. It’s a remarkable thing. A ridiculous thing. My first instinct, when I saw screenshots, was to run into a corner and mutter rude things about how Kids Today eschew artfulness in favour of absurd excess, but I couldn’t have been more wrong. Factorio is both impressively artful and as accessible as most games with only a fraction of a percent of its moving parts.It’s early access, although outside of an arguably crude UI you probably wouldn’t know it. I mentioned moving parts early, and not only are there bloody thousands of ’em, they all seem remarkably well-balanced too. There is absolutely nothing to stop you pulling a generous clump of hours from Factorio in its present form, and at no point could you realistically argue that it felt unfinished.https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/03/07/factorio-review-early-access/"
76561198259529610,Recommended,427520,31570465,Posted: 5 May,all,Darth Tardis,"This is the perfect game for the person who likes solving problems in moving resources, defending your base, and expanding. This is the best game ever. If you will never want to put this game away. I recommend this game full heartedly."
,Recommended,427520,27669949,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[907G] Arbitrary Zucchini,"One of my favorite games of all time now... I enjoy the logistics aspect, the resource managment, and even the combat part. I end up wasting hours and hours of my life when playing this game, and I totally love every minute of it!It's like Minecraft was a long time ago. Just...one...more...inserter!"
,Recommended,427520,27672232,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reggie,There is always one more thing to do :)
,Recommended,427520,27303677,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bajtopisarz,Things you can automate:- mining- smelting- manufacturing- manufactoring factories- manufacturing and automatically building factories that manufacture factoriesThings you can't:- social life- sleep
76561198330547665,Recommended,427520,25806733,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Brogaming 499,hey i linked my steam account with factorio web do you know how do unlink plz reply and tell me
76561198020313484,Recommended,427520,24147342,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,football13tb,Addiction OP.
,Recommended,427520,24718407,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Stztic,>Bought game after watching some game play>Asked my friend if he wanted to play with me>He said yes>Bought it for him>Try multiplayer>Biter base spawns within 60 spaces>This>Is>War...
76561197991414160,Recommended,427520,26633255,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Chris9415,Awesome!
76561198116774296,Recommended,427520,25953489,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Reval,For the first 10-60 minutes you will give up on that game.Stressfully complicated at first.On a busride to your parents place you rediscover the game and you will find this game like a drug.This is so amazing.
76561197977663001,Recommended,427520,25954382,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jparb02,smart and very addictif!
76561198130649825,Recommended,427520,26058600,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,|TP| Salé,"There needs to be a better way to mine, I taped down my right mouse button for a few hours and came and only half my inventory was filled with ore. But the game says I need like 1,000 iron to make something???????? How am I supposed to build those big factories?"
,Recommended,427520,26621407,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Fargoth,♥♥♥♥ing lewlgded tbh
76561197991211887,Recommended,427520,29469626,Posted: 24 January,all,StalK,"The decimal point on my hours on record is probably of by two digits. Should say 2500 hrs by now.1000/10, will try to get two more digits going."
76561198032165710,Recommended,427520,26635400,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Smurgle,Awesome game.
,Recommended,427520,27675960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AC_AleX,"this is one of the best games i´ve played in a long time. it has everything,: you can go to battle if you want, or you can stay at your base and only craft.the game mechanics are very good and the feedback between the devs and the community is excellent."
76561198034149853,Recommended,427520,26080626,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Foub,Very addicting
76561198066073468,Recommended,427520,26634684,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,tomato salat,BEst
76561198119431245,Recommended,427520,25899897,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CT5555,"absolutly brilliant game. considering it was made by only 2 people, according to this games twitter page, it runs well, it looks good and its an amazing game to get you thinking logistically. 10/10 would recomend."
,Recommended,427520,27880872,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ju #Salt,OilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOilOil
76561198071231325,Recommended,427520,27845399,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Famalam,es really gud.
,Recommended,427520,23425917,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,PotatoNinja18,"Great game, highly addictive, played so much i failed my geometry exam. 10/10 would recomend"
76561198020456142,Recommended,427520,28506415,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lt Gen Payton,You sit down to play this game...then all of the sudden its 4:37 am and you wonder where the last 16 hours went.10/10...worth double the $20 asking price.
,Recommended,427520,27153641,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saldytuwas,Just 5 more minutes...
76561197987350007,Recommended,427520,21608627,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jonde,Great fun!
,Recommended,427520,22016908,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,RaSpoontin,I had dreams of making friends. I even thought about going outside! But i found this game. RIP Dreams
76561198124548175,Recommended,427520,22767911,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Michael Knight,It's OK
,Recommended,427520,21901169,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Salty,Who needs drugs when you have this kind of addiction?10/10
,Recommended,427520,21690804,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Some lonely Arsole,Amazing.
,Recommended,427520,22119597,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Darth_Caedus,It has its ups and downs its biter killer moments however this is a great management and planing game totally worth the 20$ needs work with some of the stuff however they are slight oversight
76561198060363451,Recommended,427520,22017104,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,vanitheria,Nothing lasts forever.
,Recommended,427520,21663099,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Fruitbread,i see conveyor belts when i close my eyes
,Recommended,427520,22392988,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,yosef,A great game that will give endless hours of fun!
,Recommended,427520,22573302,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TGNDevans1,This is a good game. My style. Love it.
,Recommended,427520,25181730,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wieldor,4 AM already?
,Recommended,427520,22887961,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,LunarKiwi,"Started the game.Skip the story because i'm that BAStarted a worldWalked aroundFound tree'sChopped tree'sMade a pickGot Coalfound aliensFought aliensDiedRagedQuitStarted game againstarted new worldAnd repeat.In short terms played for about 10 minutes and three hours passed! Game is really good, fun and really makes you think. I love this game, and looking forward to seeing what else they bring to the table."
76561198080876432,Recommended,427520,24197759,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,VOLTRONICUS,So good its ruining my life.
76561198202162828,Recommended,427520,22961525,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Pr.Nestman I,I really enjoy this game because of the fun of building the factory.
,Recommended,427520,29756151,Posted: 6 February,all,{SoR} Blackfire1,I'm pumped 74 hours into this game. Over the course of two games. Wow.... um... yeah. It's fun. Buy it on sale. Nothing to do after you beat the game and lauch your rocket.
,Recommended,427520,23250225,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,tomajhenning,best memes. makes me want to die
,Recommended,427520,23681544,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,sNaKe (karma),Where did my time go?only factorio will know.9.6/10
76561198009694085,Recommended,427520,22792382,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,CMH,1. Production fully automated: check2. Inputs and outputs perfectly balanced: check3. Whole factory is symmetric: check10/10 Brings out the most a*** retentive OCD in me.
76561198043376902,Recommended,427520,21852896,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,SoDoG,"this game is totally out of my expect, i though its a building sim game, but its not so easy! its like RPG+building sim! good job!"
76561198160714398,Recommended,427520,24435684,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Chennyboy767,Really fun game and really good way to spend your time by yourself or with friends.
76561198045411208,Recommended,427520,21646911,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,minndawg,This game is so complex and so addictive. Hard to learn at first but restart a few times and you get the basics down pretty easy. The best part is the complexity and how your end goal is efficiency.I can't get enough of this game! Addicted.
,Recommended,427520,24223280,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,dawings1,"This. Game.If you love tekkit, you'll love this.That's all I have to say.I'm gonna go spend the rest of my life on it now, kthxbai."
76561198030503470,Recommended,427520,24230718,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Trook1911,one of those games where you notice that 100 hours of your week suddenly disappeared :)
76561198095930135,Recommended,427520,24236589,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Levitz Kibblet,very fun and additcting
76561198168210750,Recommended,427520,24223355,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,my name is john,I feel like Alice in wonderland tumbling down the rabbit hole...
,Recommended,427520,24227658,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ZoggyBiscuit,Such a satisfying game! Highly addictive! Great with friends! (althought the way you connect to eachother is a bit clunky)10/10 Will create a messy factory again!
76561198050008664,Recommended,427520,24229222,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zandyr_Kayne [No Quitters],"Great game 9/10.Needs some kind of water transportation. Like maybe a hovercraft. The last map I started on I was stuck without any aliens on a good sized island that I can see pretty much all of from the start. Nice size, great resources, but no aliens to squish for alien tech tree. That and maybe the game could use a somewhat rare flying enemy that starts new nests a small distance from your base."
76561198007706795,Recommended,427520,24233649,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,epilef81,Incredible Game! love it
76561198300344170,Recommended,427520,24237172,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,bacontron5000,"This game is quite fun to mess around in and just make your own contraptions. I do reccomend saving your game seperately though, because i had a game that had had all of my farthest research researched and i started a new game just for fun and the game autosaved 3 times which is the limit for autosaves in the game. I had my best game in auto save. So it got deleted.>:( I was quite mad but i got over it. The campaign is not as fun as you would think it would be. So I just do freeplay all the time. I do like the idea af making your own map though. Its quite complicated but fun. Otherwise this is one of the best games I have ever played. Hopefully they move it to Xbox!"
76561198302032108,Recommended,427520,24227771,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lilyan-petrov,The best game I've even played. Pure engagement and entertainment for hours. Plus it runs on my Macbook Pro which doesn't have a dedicated GPU which is amazing. I can finally engoy guality gaming time on the go.Highly recommended!.
76561198045889628,Recommended,427520,26020101,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BlueRock,"I get bored of most games pretty quickly, I think because many games are pretty shallow or a varition of something that has been done many times before.      Factorio is one of the most fun/addictive games I have played in a long time.    I has a huge amount of depth that you will discover as you play.    It is not like any other game I have played and need to experience for yourself for at least a few hours to see how original and amazing the game is.   The learning curve is a bit steep, but is very rewarding as all the possibilities lead to many hours glued to the game without any hint of boredom.    If you get stuck on certain things like power generation, oil processing or blue science there are many helpful youtube videos.   But don't worry if your first playthough is small scale and looks like speghetti.   Most of the fun is watching your factory and you will see ways to improve it."
,Recommended,427520,23111992,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Null,"The perfect sandbox game for people interested advanced processes/crafting rather than adventure. It's very gratifying to see all your factories work together to provide you the materials you need to spread your influence on this alien world.Although my profile says I've played 50 hours, before the Steam release I put at least 200 additional hours."
,Recommended,427520,29507637,Posted: 26 January,all,Mussolini,fun game
76561197970643146,Recommended,427520,25878115,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Richard Cockburn,"Fun and engaging game that takes the boring out of crafting. In my first couple of hours of gameplay, I realized, this was a whole new level of crafting for a game. It's borderline industrial engineering and can really bring out your OCD as a gamer as you try to perfect the delivery of resources. I was busy chopping trees and mining resources, when I started to grow tired, then realized the whole purpose is to take that boredom out and automate it! Then I started working on research after getting a nice little mining and processing flow working. That grew tiresome as well, and I realized once again, automate it. The creators really have put a lot of thought into ensuring all the boring stuff you'd perform in a game like minecraft or other world builder could be fully automated, but you can still walk around and gather resources or battle angry animals who are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at your pollution. Before I knew it, hours had flown by as I became thoroughly engrossed in optimizing my encampment, several times over."
76561198223176116,Recommended,427520,31703006,Posted: 12 May,all,Cactus Boi (Luis),is Good
76561198294719682,Recommended,427520,31697408,Posted: 12 May,all,Orange_knight55,"So...I'm on my mandatory 10 mins break so I thought I would be sneaky and do this because its Factorio related.Rules of Factorio#1) before starting say goodbye to family and friends (you won't see them in a while)#2) keep it organised (10 minutes later : wheres my iron?)#3) leave room to expand (unless you like spaghetti)#4) don't forget about the biters (... nuff said)#5) remember you have a family || *Note: toilet breaks on Thursday and Sunday#6) Yes, I slept on Tuesday... it's Monday...#7) trains are fun (just don't get run over)#8) lets restart#9) looking back at old saves leaves you asking who insane person made it#10) am I dreaming or playing???Multiplayer helps because you can remind each other that life is out there (somewhere).Did I mention the mods?"
,Recommended,427520,28758853,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Joeybomber123,Illegal Aliens started pouring in. Forced to build a great wall to keep them out. Make This Factory Great Again!
,Recommended,427520,31739394,Posted: 13 May,all,Re - Boot,"""Absoloutly Amazing!"" - me, 2k17"
76561198273161783,Recommended,427520,31676044,Posted: 10 May,all,rashou812,Still one of the best games I've played in a long time. I play for hours and just get lost in this game it so much fun. Played with friends and family and its on its way to be really good.You also can download it from the game site and run it without Steam.. This alone was a huge plus in my book.
,Recommended,427520,31765126,Posted: 15 May,all,Green Amphibian,Autism: The Game ™
76561198072392386,Recommended,427520,22399735,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Ixen,"When I purchased Factorio I did not know what to expect when jumping into it, the games trailer got me hooked because of how it looked and the factory aspect. Well from throwing over 150+ hours into the game I can tell you that it is worth the $20 price tag. For $20 you get a Package full of so many things and fun to be had, the game is even better with friends! My friends and I have thrown countless hours into the game with our maps creating huge contraptions of production that spew pollution out at insanse levels while also making us materials, then we go and spread democracy to the neighboring aliens who bother us. Then the best part is this game lets YOU create a factory of unimaginable things because of how complex and diverse the devs made it. So short story is this game is amazing and I would recomend anyone to buy it if they have a few friends to play it with as that makes the experience for the game rich and fantastic."
,Recommended,427520,25338091,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,PapaGeorgio,Factorio is on my all time top 10.  Easy.
,Recommended,427520,31790797,Posted: 16 May,all,dick defrag,"just buy it already, jeez.worth way more than $20, addicting as ♥♥♥♥, and really rewarding getting everything set up how you want itcracktorio is a way of life"
76561198262195261,Recommended,427520,29569978,Posted: 29 January,all,MysticalGhost 1,dont download mods some wont work and you will not beable to get back on
76561198105368624,Recommended,427520,31852258,Posted: 19 May,all,Cheez DJ,In my 90 hours of this game i have had meltdowns had crys of joy and a have wondered why my legs didnt move after 13 hours of sitting after playing this game and building a rocketship. I would have to say that this game is near finished for early access and i would recomend to anyone that wants to waist some time to buy this game and play it.OPEN FOR A STORY ABOUT THIS GAMEOk so imagin this.You crash landed on a planet and you didnt know what to do but you have 5 scrap and a furnace...5 hours later... YOU HAVE AUTOMATED EVERYTHING INCLUDING BELTS THEM SELF 10/10 great OCD game and you control where everything goes and where everything starts ps. you need to launch a rocket in the game.
,Recommended,427520,21535964,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Santamon,What do you mean I was meant to go to bed 14 hours ago?
76561198062562371,Recommended,427520,21753040,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,GanNL,I LOVE IT. But I have some suggestions to make it better in my opinion.-Make energy store to get energy like from solar panels that saves it in the energy storest to have energy for in the night.-Seeds from trees to let them regrow for new energy.-Silo's for storing rockets and a panel to let the rockets crash on alien bases.-Robots that can chop for you wood.Hopefully the developers will see this and use it.But still a awesome game.
76561198102254535,Recommended,427520,22434517,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,WUNDERBAR,NEEEED MOOOOREEEEE POOOOOWEEEEEER
,Recommended,427520,23827317,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,killerkebab,Do you like crafting stuff?Then buy this.You will not regret it.
,Recommended,427520,34264974,Posted: 15 August,all,Glorval,Just want to up its review score that little bit more. I love this game.
76561198114904086,Recommended,427520,34720955,Posted: 3 September,all,Qui-Gon Ken,This is my all time favorite game. The only problem I've found this game is that I don't have any friends to play it with me. I highly recommend this for anyone interested in engineering. It requires a lot of planning and thinking. This game challenges me to think ahead and I love the idea of it. They update it quite often too.
76561198057789671,Recommended,427520,34723621,Posted: 3 September,all,FraGough,Factorio? Cracktorio!
,Recommended,427520,34226706,Posted: 13 August,all,Mugzy,11/10 will make your brain die
,Recommended,427520,34727705,Posted: 3 September,all,MINIMAN,"I wanted this game for soooo long, then it didn't take long for me to get bored sadly. Oh well, still enjoyed."
,Recommended,427520,34741487,Posted: 4 September,all,Frydaddy11,this game is really fun! 10/10 $20 well spent
,Recommended,427520,22751638,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Crisscross,If you have some spare time. Like a month plus :)
76561198292845413,Recommended,427520,34742980,Posted: 4 September,all,ShadowStrike,I wish I didn't refund this game. Instead I got another game that is totally different from this. I will have to go buy this game some day
76561198074975383,Recommended,427520,34735496,Posted: 4 September,all,Aviator Jenkins,I REVIEW GOOD!
76561198138574803,Recommended,427520,22262505,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Skeletor,"Been lusting over this game since it was dropped on steam. Since I'm a cheap POS I've been waiting for a sale... All the while overlooking the disclaimer that clearly states ""we will never put this on sale, it's $20 you tightas sob.. Just buy it”(dramatization). So I decided to download the demo... Baby steps. Really liked the demo so I went ahead and bought it. Why didn't I do that before? Obviously, I overlook quite a bit.Played 7 hours now and plan to play a whole lot more. With that said I'm not really sure how this game has received such a high rating. After about 3 hours playing I began to feel like an idiot. It's more complex than games I usually play. But more importantly, there are sooo many levels of efficiency that it's kinda mind blowing. Being a person who loves to condense and organize... Could literally spend days just improving on efficiency of one small component. I've disassembled everything and redone it twice... And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Seems like way more than $20 worth of entertainment to me, but I don't know anybody else in my entire life that I could talk into playing this.The overall goal itself, launching a rocket.. Doesn't really interest me. In fact at this rate idk if it will even ever happen with my ocd tendencies. I don't like the research page at all. It's very... Idk blah. Way too much to look at, at once. At least an hour of my playtime was spent starting at that screen.. I think I would daze off a little and feel overwhelmed. The crafting menu feels the same way... Idk what it is exactly but I just feel it could be done better. Another thing, I hate that resource veins deplete. Once you get the most ridiculously efficient setup going, run out and have to move a bunch of crap. ""Yea buy limitless resource veins aren't realistic"".. Oh but making a conveyor belt with your bare hands, a iron plate, and one cog... Yea that's plausible. I'm just saying depleting veins nearly made me want to give up almost from the start.I'm just going to start a new paragraph here but continue the same rant, more visually friendly. Not being able to set inserters to 90° operation.... Mages me insane. So many instances of crazy simplicity could have occurred if it were possible. Again maybe I'm dumb and you can.. Please comment and say so, the insult would be worth the knowledge and time saved. I wish the aliens didn't suck, idk I just don't like the combat. It's not good enough to be included in the gameplay. It's very boring and requires no skill. It's just annoying when they attack, not even bothersome. The game doesn't need it and anybody buying the game for that aspect will be disappointed. Also I cannot figure out how to utilize both sides of the belts, driving me nuts. Seems like the inserter just decides to pull and put on the wrong side of the belt no matter what. Guessing I'm dumb but very soon I will consider this a bug of some sortIn conclusion, I highly recommend this game I think it's amazing. I would tell people who I know are gonna hate it, that they must download it. Still an early but it plays great. I've found no bugs so far.... Unless I'm smart.On another note if you took the time to read this review.. Wtf are you doing with your life.. ?"
,Recommended,427520,32205316,Posted: 5 June,all,Iskander,gud gaem
,Recommended,427520,28088603,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,аутизм,"it is good, buy now."
,Recommended,427520,30328055,Posted: 4 March,all,Patton,Best Supply Chain Management Simulator
,Recommended,427520,30581377,Posted: 17 March,all,bryant,This is a great game with hundreds of hours of playability
76561198045608691,Recommended,427520,30024939,Posted: 18 February,all,Fayte91,"Highly addictive, and the mods you can get only help further the depth of your addiction"
,Recommended,427520,30071698,Posted: 20 February,all,Shampoo,Dumplings
76561198053500963,Recommended,427520,30327039,Posted: 4 March,all,Conway1122,11/10 would get ran over by a train again.
76561198106415746,Recommended,427520,33468913,Posted: 11 July,all,doge,this game is evil! it literally glues you to the game.
76561198032005067,Recommended,427520,33472481,Posted: 11 July,all,Bleu,"I call it the ""German Efficiency Simulator."""
76561198020069780,Recommended,427520,33473669,Posted: 12 July,all,[10M] polvoazul,Incredible game! This is something i have been waiting for years!
,Recommended,427520,33470311,Posted: 11 July,all,TheModerGuy (Tom),help
76561198048891335,Recommended,427520,33470550,Posted: 11 July,all,Seori,Oh it's already 4am... But I could swear that clock said 10pm....
,Recommended,427520,30078829,Posted: 21 February,all,RaajLarge,IT'S BOSS!
76561198206039423,Recommended,427520,29853998,Posted: 11 February,all,thiggi.61,Great Game there is so much you can do I've got 80h on the clock now and keep finding better ways to do things love it also getting my brother to get the game as well so we can play multiplayer.Get it you won't be dissapointed
,Recommended,427520,29912645,Posted: 13 February,all,MindSky,Addictive!92.6 hrs last two weeks
76561198320258404,Recommended,427520,25338159,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,smaug.dragon0341,good game
,Recommended,427520,26638763,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,calm af,This game completes me.
76561198117903372,Recommended,427520,26637822,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,YEX00,The most satisfaction you can get from a game.
,Recommended,427520,26639836,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,JoesGetNDown,"Hand's down the best management game I've ever played. At the time of updating, it says I've played about 37 hours, but 90% of the time I've played it was offline. I wouldn't be surprised if I've put in 1000 hours so far."
76561197971467729,Recommended,427520,22892850,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,olympia,"A game for my OCD, this could become a problem. more so than it already is.I want the game to end but only so i can start again and build my factory better this time.Notes.would be good to turn coal into solid fuel.Helicopters would help me stop running over stuff with my tank."
76561198001231258,Recommended,427520,22897925,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Talaniak,"If you like to Creat => Expand => Optimize => Expand => Optimize => Expand => Optimize => Expand => Optimize, This game is for you."
,Recommended,427520,22899181,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wiggles,Possibly the most addicting single player game ever made. And it has multiplayer.
,Recommended,427520,33623958,Posted: 17 July,all,takeo303,fun as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,427520,33630190,Posted: 18 July,all,Pieseł Hati <3,The best game :)
,Recommended,427520,33629699,Posted: 18 July,all,Chicken,I very like this game :D. In Factorio player must use his brain. In my country the problem with this game is that it is too expensive.I'm waiting for a big update.
,Recommended,427520,33634913,Posted: 18 July,all,PhaseTheTemplar,I didn't have a life. Now I have -1 lives. 100/10 would loose another life to.
76561198131267050,Recommended,427520,23895587,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bigbaldy,这是我玩过的最好玩的游戏，真的是玩起来停不下来!
76561198011209729,Recommended,427520,23893125,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Uranium Llama,"Kind of addicting. A worse time distortion than any other game Ive played, Minecraft, Civ5, etc.Huge Pros:-VERY active dev team.-""Early Access."" Game already feels like a masterpiece.-Updates add actually pretty cool new features and content.Cons:-Spent $40.00 on Just Cause 3"
76561198010522302,Recommended,427520,25058702,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,salt555,Screw Nature
,Recommended,427520,25830030,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[INSECTBOYZ]svineborg,This is like minecraft for big boys.
,Recommended,427520,22582644,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Skull,"This game is a lot like coding. After many hours of trial and error, you get your factory working. By this point you have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea how its working and may god have mercy on your soul if it starts ♥♥♥♥ing up and you have to trouble shoot it."
,Recommended,427520,22584705,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,tmS-Classified,"Everything they say about playing 8 minutes, 5 hours have past.... It's true. I forgot my breakfast. now I'm hungry.... D:"
76561198004904914,Recommended,427520,22586704,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,bobjones522,"A fun, addictive game, but not very replayable, and no real 'goal' to work towards - the ending is certainly an anti-climax.  If this were fixed, the game could be truly great."
76561198120569313,Recommended,427520,22589897,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MOOMERS,"the game is  great but I wanted to point out  that its rather difficult to play co-op , witch was a big reason why i bought the game. I stood up for about two hours last night to hook up with my friend and I still have no idea how to get this co-op thing working so some advice would help. And yea I know its still in early development so its propably yet to come"
76561198033850740,Recommended,427520,22593479,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SolaRpwR,Yes
76561198171440666,Recommended,427520,22587017,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SolDroid,amazing
76561198060977283,Recommended,427520,31457207,Posted: 30 April,all,Noother,"Factorio is a top down perspective style racing game where the objective is to amass the research and technology to build a car faster than your own allies and perform hit and run first.In this process you can explore the vast deph of this games recource gathering mechanics that have been made satisfying to a point in where I am fully aware that I am pointlessly grinding, yet still having funThe actual goal is to build a rocket or something? I imaging the reasoning is to attach this to your car to run down your allies in the most spectacular way possible but im not quite sure myself0/10 cant tie down friends to railroads to run them over with trains"
76561198019014222,Recommended,427520,31965888,Posted: 25 May,all,Drugtrain,Please help me
,Recommended,427520,22964541,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lgk,Great game!
76561198070879689,Recommended,427520,21845198,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sanctuary,"*playes game for 9 hours straight**opens a door to use the restroom**twitches and screams ""Split it by a third!!!""**falls on tile of bathroom**contemplates*This was a sad true story..The only bad thing about it is you might need more than 2 hours to judge weather you like it or not. If you liked mincraft and you want something a bit more intellectually demanding (that is like mincraft)then buy this game."
,Recommended,427520,22078530,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bojack Horseman,"Put this in for beauty/c local surface = game.local_player.surface;for y=-10000,10000 dofor x=-10000,10000 dosurface.create_entity({name=""stone"", amount=5000, position={game.local_player.position.x+x, game.local_player.position.y+y}})endend"
76561197972263973,Recommended,427520,22744662,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jackal,
76561198091549655,Recommended,427520,24796161,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Temüjin Temüjinsson,Good game but not worth 20 euro. I would recomend buying it when it is on sale.
,Recommended,427520,25940106,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,zerofynite,If you like sim city type games this is pretty fun and addictive but does lose it's lasting appeal quickly. Def not worth $25. Maybe $10.
76561198053158961,Recommended,427520,21945675,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,theawesumguy,Addicting
,Recommended,427520,32975925,Posted: 28 June,all,UnstoppableTwist,"this game just doesnt stop on entertaining me, whether it planning out a factory on the go or just dieing instantly because of stupid things, PLay it with your friends watch the time fly by.. litterally!"
76561198216540531,Recommended,427520,22278640,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ol'canharry101,AWESOME
76561198062585076,Recommended,427520,24052699,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Liquid Snake,Good
,Recommended,427520,26867281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sky Flicker,This game is bloody awsome I love how big we can make the factorys get too
,Recommended,427520,23369406,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,just eD,"I played just a few hours, but this game is really F*CKING great!The only thing  i would like to have a multiplayer like in CS:GO. Just invite and let's play :D"
76561198010273253,Recommended,427520,34070649,Posted: 6 August,all,swinabc,"Start a new game~Game generates~Gets excited ~Spawns on loaded map ~Spawns on a tiny little island with no chance to escape, surrounded by Iron, Stone, Copper, Coal and Oil...... ~Quits game and uninstalls ~5 minutes later reinstalls and tries again..."
,Recommended,427520,34102308,Posted: 8 August,all,Empty,I did not get it at first but i was sleepy soo i will buy it agian and give it anthor chance i mean it looked cool
76561198060113611,Recommended,427520,31614713,Posted: 7 May,all,Knackers,I used to work at a Pub...
,Recommended,427520,29605321,Posted: 31 January,all,Ep1c,Dish shock sight thief find dogfish asked and am JVC do till
76561198040570493,Recommended,427520,29599775,Posted: 30 January,all,t r a s h p a n d a,good stuff worth
76561197986075831,Recommended,427520,31716297,Posted: 12 May,all,Khris,This is addicting.
,Recommended,427520,21749998,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,⍟ Varen ⍟,Is 6 stars an option?What time is it again?Didn't I have a life before playing this game? Yes.Do I have a life now? No.Do I love this game? Yes.
76561198097185668,Recommended,427520,21753592,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,NotQuiteDead,"fun. complex. addictive. could do with some steam achievements so you dont feel like your just endlessly pointlessly grinding, but i digress buy it :)"
,Recommended,427520,25810391,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,beastbullet,"MAKE A SECOND ONE WITH EVEN MORE CONTENT, LOOK AT HIGHLY RATED MODS AND USE THEM IN THE NEXT GAME.  THIS GAME IS THE BEST.  its a game that you just cant simply stop playing, it keeps you up at night"
76561198071198494,Recommended,427520,31613203,Posted: 7 May,all,Mastercal40,Amazing just buy it
76561197961485370,Recommended,427520,25831243,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sKo,Awesome.
76561198240751096,Recommended,427520,25831435,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bubba0318,"This game is literally saying ,""Why do it manually? Just automate it and be lazy!"""
76561198075268087,Recommended,427520,29274393,Posted: 15 January,all,Streepje // pvpro.com,Just relax time
,Recommended,427520,29277946,Posted: 15 January,all,Fullmight,Amazingly addicting
76561198080616044,Recommended,427520,29599115,Posted: 30 January,all,field_COM,Yes! Just yes. This game is great it increasing gets hard to make it challenging.
,Recommended,427520,25833201,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Vertex,"What an absolutely delightful and addictive game.I adore it. The reviews were right. It's phenomenal, an instant classic.10/10. The fact that one dude made this is mind boggling."
,Recommended,427520,21633816,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mongoose,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER I OFFICIALLY ENDORSE IT
,Recommended,427520,30520647,Posted: 14 March,all,Mantorok,"One of the best games of the decade for sure. I have over 500 hours in the game.This game was more than worth its price when it was in Early Access even. If the game looks mildly interesting to you, just buy it, you won't regret it. Or maybe you will when you look at the clock and realize you've been playing for 13 hours and you get fired for falling asleep at work."
,Recommended,427520,31043412,Posted: 9 April,all,Poor Man's Tech,"At first this game can feel really grindy (which it is) but once you setup that first machine or automate something, it gives you a sense of accomplishment. I love this game because of the grind aspect. Whenever I'm bored I can hop on and automate whatever I want or just advance my factory. I reccomend this to anyone who is looking for a great sandbox game or is bored and wants to try something new."
76561198371669835,Recommended,427520,31403570,Posted: 27 April,all,blockh56,Good game really it's a great game get it you sons of biches
76561198019274941,Recommended,427520,31402095,Posted: 27 April,all,FriesingCold,"Steam get your Sh*t together and update Factorio 0.15 already, GOD DAMN!5 minutes later......Oh Factorio came out with a new update 0.15.1, nice lets launch. Oh, wait what? Steam still hasn't updated Factorio Yet, SON OF A B*tch!2 days later......Oh Factorio came out with a new update 0.15.2, nice lets launch. Oh, wait what? Steam still hasn't updated Factorio Yet, SON OF A B*tch!55 minutes later......Oh Factorio came out with a new update 0.15.3, nice lets launch. Oh, wait what? Steam still hasn't updated Factorio Yet, SON OF A B*tch!"
76561198057112777,Recommended,427520,34156570,Posted: 10 August,all,LittleRobot71,Very addictive.
76561198058110876,Recommended,427520,24341936,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,miller.ben7 (cheesecake),Death By Trains.
,Recommended,427520,31104856,Posted: 12 April,all,Gifti4,very nice game
76561198229307924,Recommended,427520,32695627,Posted: 23 June,all,PleaseCallMeMattyB,mmmmmmmmmmmmmm yah 8.4789/10
,Recommended,427520,26232000,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,OOOOOOOOOO,automate me daddy
,Recommended,427520,26234572,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Fab,golden age tekkit
,Recommended,427520,34126233,Posted: 9 August,all,De⌇v⌇daS,10/10
,Recommended,427520,34132945,Posted: 9 August,all,Cipher,This game will ruin your life. 9/11 would ruin again.
76561198028399790,Recommended,427520,26709794,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nuisance,You wanna know why people some people cant give this a review?Cause its just going to waste their time on not building their factoriesThis has game has taught me alot about handling situations that seem too overwhelming. just gotta take it slow. breathe in. and then cry when someone else (aliens) comes over and gives you more tasks to worry about.
,Recommended,427520,34221051,Posted: 13 August,all,Sir Reginald | Nico,"Factorio is love, Factorio is life"
,Recommended,427520,33115514,Posted: 1 July,all,Reeb,"I barely ever write reviews, but damn this is an excellent game. At first, I was wondering if it was worth the price tag, but as soon as you download it, you wished you got it sooner. Great Job developers!!!"
76561197984461153,Recommended,427520,34354077,Posted: 19 August,all,Rɛรurrɛctɛd800 (uk),Gets Better every update :) good job
,Recommended,427520,34377190,Posted: 20 August,all,Sammythemonkey,Absolutley love this game.
76561198246427156,Recommended,427520,33017113,Posted: 29 June,all,That_guy12393,"Most games keep busy for a good 50-100 hours until i get bored, but this game is something different, in factorio there is always something to do, and its very addicting and think its still in developement, image what it will be when its finally done. I have to say this is the best game i have ever got from steam and will always be the best game."
,Recommended,427520,33890351,Posted: 29 July,all,Michael,"Create Elegent, Complex, Intricicate factories to solve tiny issues that never should have been created in the first place."
,Recommended,427520,29329447,Posted: 17 January,all,DeadVoid,"Good game, fun with friends. Worthy of the praise that everyone is giving it. I didnt think I would it enjoy it but micromanaging every aspect of your factory is extremely satisfying. GIve it a try, I only just bought it but have already gotten my money back in enjoyment!"
76561198215629565,Recommended,427520,34425798,Posted: 22 August,all,munchies19,"complicated, but when u get the hang of this game, aweseomeeee"
76561198024917816,Recommended,427520,23605047,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Allure,This game is a total steal for 20.
76561197974236343,Recommended,427520,25520995,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Toddlar,Love it!
,Recommended,427520,25521061,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,◦ ◎ ◉ ◯ M ◦ G ◦ X,7.8/10Logistical o.r.g.a.s.m.
,Recommended,427520,25528463,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Camo_Steve,"By the end of the demo you will be hooked on it, just like a drug user, and you will have no regrets at all."
76561197970991194,Recommended,427520,30289299,Posted: 2 March,all,ricky.brooks,"This is what it feels like to design software when you're good at it.Despite having no code, this is the best programming game ever made."
,Recommended,427520,26536771,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,zerepzerreitug,This game is pure cocaine. I'm hooked. Do not start playing during work/school days. You'll regret it!(A better or in-game tutorial would be fine thou).
76561198066270085,Recommended,427520,26529287,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CHIMP2021,best 20$ i ever spent
,Recommended,427520,26530582,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mooson94,Best money I've ever spent.
76561198008631398,Recommended,427520,26530593,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CindyTroll,"Worth every penny and more. When I bought it, I played 50 hours in a week."
,Recommended,427520,26541746,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,suit,"great game, just greatif you like real time strategy with a focus on economics: buy itit is like transport tycoon and total annihilation had a baby"
,Recommended,427520,26528326,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,King Coel 666,Build a factory...
76561198313749243,Recommended,427520,28154607,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Deathkatana,This GAME is awesome those who love problem solving and want to be an engineer this game is for you.
,Recommended,427520,28154610,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,GEONE,10/10
76561197965566728,Recommended,427520,28155785,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lindan,This is a great game. A glorious sandbox for people who like to use their brain.
76561198003947059,Recommended,427520,28319538,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Darwin,absolutly amazing game! I love have been smitting on this game pretty hard for the last month or so. Every day I try to make it a little better.
,Recommended,427520,28327932,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mr.Rockefeller,"So much fun, with all to do and more to come it works great with almost not bugs and the train network great!"
76561198116016235,Recommended,427520,28329354,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ciel,<<The game is⊂_ヽ＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•) F<　⌒ヽ A/ 　 へ＼ B/　　/　＼＼ Uﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L/　/ O/　/ U(　(ヽ S|　|、＼.| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ__(／___
76561198064353150,Recommended,427520,28874289,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Onceler,Really great game to sink your time in but it never goes on sale and if it does its never below 10 percent off. never going to get this for a freind unless its on a reasonable sale like 25 percent or something.
,Recommended,427520,28875581,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,madefh,"""The rock is the true enemy""-root"
,Recommended,427520,27266880,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vampaerr,"This is one of those games that you open and after a few minutes, you realize that it has not been minutes but hours that went past."
,Recommended,427520,25524255,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Neatrianty,Good Gam I recomend
76561198025129327,Recommended,427520,25524977,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,-Tip'm Fedora,"Early access done right, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,427520,23617248,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jkschroeder24,I started. Figuring out how to get going I set up a miner. Needs coal. Start mining coal. Put in miner. Runs. Spits out one iron. Stops. Need box. Cut wood build box. Put in front of miner. Boom. Miner takes off. Need furnace. Need stone. Mine stone collect iron build furnace. Need more coal. Mine coal add to furnace makes iron plates. Repeat x10 figure out I need copper plates. Build miner. Mine copper. Add box. Add coal. Need more coal. Build miner need coal. Figure out how to add double miner to continuously mine coal into each other. Wait. Collect coal. Resume ore extraction and smelting process. Electricity! Need steam engine. Need steam furnace. Need pipes. Need water pump. Build build build build. Need power poles. Build. New mining equipment!?!? Build. New furnace?!?! build. Conveyor belts!?!? Yes please. Inserters!? Ok. This is getting nuts. Clear out coal powered crap. Add more electric stuff. Need more power. Add more steam engines. Pollution?!?!? Noone cares. Add more steam furnaces. Need more coal. Set up coal production site conveyor to steam furnaces. I feel like George Forman. Set it and forget it. Science lab?! Need it. Got it. Wtf are science packs?!?! Start production line to assemble 8 things for science packs. Need more. Double it. Technology research begins. More buildings. Better production. GUNS?!?! For what!?!? Alert. Alien swarm takes out half my steam line. Wtf!?!? Bugs!?!? Starship  trooper engage. More guns. More rounds. All bugs must die. Double production lines of everything. I NEED MORE! BUILD BUILD MINE BUILD MORE MORE MORE! Too much ammo. Need to kill. Venture into unknown. Bugs. Bugs everywhere. Kill. More killing. Work? Real life? Who cares. Bugs touched my stuff I must kill bugs. Find out about mods. Bigger guns. More guns. Install. Build. Hunt. I guess what I'm saying is there is a point to the game. I'm not there cause there's some unknown number of bugs on this planet. The planet crawls. I must kill them all before I finish
76561197993566699,Recommended,427520,23610121,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Isen,"This game is awesome, i can't stop playing. More addictive than any irl drugs."
76561198006728109,Recommended,427520,21767265,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,const,I think I have figured out the basics...
,Recommended,427520,25367914,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ezbot,Amazing
,Recommended,427520,22370392,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,rbnzdave,"REALLY COOL.if you enjoy the automation stuff in ftp or tekkit, or do well at spacechem (reaching, this isnt as mind numbingly difficult so far) you will like this. Its like aoe but as a machinefest.  and its just so much fun."
76561198077515070,Recommended,427520,34322826,Posted: 18 August,all,Egg,I have 100 hours in this game and I've never even won.
76561198033819333,Recommended,427520,31677299,Posted: 10 May,all,alexuci,Great game
76561197960735442,Recommended,427520,22110730,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,WackyJacky101,I told my wife I found a game that she would like - She thought it looked boring.I asked her to see what I was playing - She refused.I traded a massage for 30 minutes to show her the game - She bought the game!Now I have to do the dishes myself.10/10 Will do dishes again.
,Recommended,427520,34451877,Posted: 23 August,all,Jim_Puff :^),S-tier gameactually fantastic
,Recommended,427520,34486159,Posted: 25 August,all,Caterpie,Work itMake itDo itMake usHarderBetterFasterStrongerMore thanHourOurNeverEverAfterWork isOverWork itMake itDo itMake usHarderBetterFasterStrongerWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerMore than everHour afterOur work isNever overWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harder make itDo it faster makes usMore than ever hourOur work isWork it harder make itDo it faster makes usMore than ever hourOur work is never overWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harder make itDo it faster makes usMore than ever hourOur work isWork it harder make itDo it faster makes usMore than ever hourOur work is never overWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us strongerWork it harderDo it fasterMore than everOur work is never overWork it harderMake it betterDo it fasterMakes us stronger
,Recommended,427520,34544719,Posted: 27 August,all,ner0417,"I'll try not to give too many spoilers in here, but be warned, I can't avoid them all. I haven't played too far into the game, but had some neat ideas I hoped to share.Really fun game overall, seamless and doesn't seem glitchy at all really. I understand that it is in beta still, but to me it seems a bit limited. It is really cool that you can automate your production, but it tends to become tedious, at least to me. I think the more hardcore people can probably sit with it for a long time and perfect their manufacturing chain, but I lost a lot of interest in a plain old sandbox-type map I set up before I could even get into harvesting liquids / oil, etc.I think it would freaking sweet if it were simpified slightly beyond the initial set-up point. As in, once you have your hydroelectric grid made, and everything basic being output, it would be nice to not have to branch out and make a whole bunch of different buildings / subsystems to process the resources you begin to be able to harvest. I was thinking something along the lines of, once you have researched 'X' technology, you can make a building that will build complex things just by using raw inputs (i.e. put in iron plates, gears, etc. then return an inserter). Maybe it could be called a nested assembler machine or something like that, as that is the basic premise of the machine. This would render previous chains obselete, but would allow for condensation of your base as you progress, to a degree.It would also make it simpler to implement another one of my ideas, which is an Age of Empires-style multiplayer. A big map where 4+ players duke it out by beefing up their production and pumping out military to destroy one another with. Maybe this is already a thing, but I could imagine that if you are making an entire chain just to produce gears, it would take FOREVER to build up enough to start making nice military things, at least the way I played. If you had one of the ""nested assembler machines"" that I mentioned, it would make the process quicker and would allow for a deathmatch-type setting. Maybe some other changes would be needed too. I don't know, I'm no developer.Anyways, cool game, has lots of potential, will be neat to see what it progresses into. 10/10, will play more later."
,Recommended,427520,21913303,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,build the bridge,Great and deep game
,Recommended,427520,34589261,Posted: 29 August,all,alexbay218,"It's no dwarf fortress, but close enough...(Its probably good that this game doesn't have the cliff learning curve that df has)"
,Recommended,427520,28366646,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Juan Pablo Castillio,Nothing but hours of your time will do this game justice.
,Recommended,427520,28366425,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Stanislav Chistov,real guud. buy it now.
,Recommended,427520,31548147,Posted: 4 May,all,Funky Kong,It's just brilliant really.
,Recommended,427520,30107673,Posted: 22 February,all,ǝsıʍʎuuǝd,FUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,31887298,Posted: 21 May,all,Jes910,10/10
,Recommended,427520,34694201,Posted: 2 September,all,Argih,"bought it, started it and then half day has passed10/10 would lost my (almost null) social life for this"
,Recommended,427520,25714860,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Traps are gay,"ayyy, that's pretty good"
76561198103637935,Recommended,427520,34553284,Posted: 28 August,all,Milord0316,"Just one more turn.... Wait, this is not Civ..."
,Recommended,427520,32376112,Posted: 12 June,all,TheRiverFjord,Fun and addicting game.  Well worth my money.
,Recommended,427520,22222917,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DaileyLyfe,Alhough the games multiplayer sucks it still has hours of content and has loads of room to grow the only cons are how grindy the game gets when you don't have any clue what to do (easy to just research though) and multiplayer otherwiise this game is great lots of cool challenges with the aliens and with a minecraft type feel you really don't have much of a goal and spend the time just building your fort instead of going for the rocket silo the huge research tree makes it easy to progess and many other attributes make this game great.
76561198108980232,Recommended,427520,34848023,Posted: 9 September,all,ÄGG,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,427520,31376729,Posted: 26 April,all,flyingARMADILDO,This game is so addicting and fun I rate this game a 11/10
,Recommended,427520,28114136,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rage Of Chaos,Make Machines Do All Your Work; Simulator.
,Recommended,427520,28121435,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Dainty Kobold,"This is an amazing early access title, it has a great amount of depth and features and if you let it the game can be a really fun journey of discovery.I wholehearted recommend playing the free demo, it sold me with no regrets.I found that I would build a factory in a session and then start over the next session. Blindly discovering ways to make you build more efficient was very satisfying for me, each factory will be better than the last.Guides exist with tried and test methods for maximum efficiency, but honestly aside from learning how trains work and maybe some advanced logic, I would say to steer clear as you will only deprive yourself of the joy in learning the game has to offer.(Neither trains or logic knowledge is required to enjoy the game while you are still learning)The multiplayer is very stable from my experience and works well when you play with folk that have similar knowledge levels.I can't wait to see what this looks like on official release."
76561198202055861,Recommended,427520,31556255,Posted: 5 May,all,jhicky2000,Amazing!!!
76561198034835707,Recommended,427520,32271225,Posted: 8 June,all,"The Man, The legend, Bubbles™","Great game, to bad I suck."
,Recommended,427520,31362438,Posted: 25 April,all,osgoodshlatter,Best. Game. Ever. (maybe too addictive)
76561197963611058,Recommended,427520,31360282,Posted: 25 April,all,Creed1374,Just great and addicting!
,Recommended,427520,28657693,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Montag,Good Game. Buy please.
,Recommended,427520,28479161,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kitten_Moon,10/10 Great Game
,Recommended,427520,28667716,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,awesomeoman,What a great game
76561198035337626,Recommended,427520,35075641,Posted: 19 September,all,Zolkalter,Always and Forever Factorio
76561198119269303,Recommended,427520,29594649,Posted: 30 January,all,the one bro,best game of the centary so far overallhas realy good mechanics great idea love it 11/10
,Recommended,427520,29504818,Posted: 26 January,all,Destruction7F3,"Really good game, and the mods add almost endless new content. Certainly worth every penny. I allways find the game far more enjoyable when your playing with someone though, so it may be worth having a friend with it to play with."
,Recommended,427520,27946097,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[TA]SëxyRüssel™,"This Game is addicting af and deserves the ""Just Five More minutes"" Award so badly!"
76561198028982854,Recommended,427520,28115282,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MarksmanKNG,"5 More minutes.......5 More minutes......Just give me 5 more minutes already........Wait, is it morning already?"
,Recommended,427520,24567422,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AAust,This game is so good I love it it look bad but it'd so good
,Recommended,427520,28114713,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Twistedacids,gg
76561198127024656,Recommended,427520,22562372,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tenno,"After 32 hours,...Finally made a rocket silo.Then I realized that was just the intro. This game is not real. The factory grows."
,Recommended,427520,33549110,Posted: 14 July,all,Benjamin_Kerman,"This game is awesome! Highly recommend if you like strategy, design, or base building!"
,Recommended,427520,31186554,Posted: 16 April,all,alkazemi,amazing game with endless possibilities
,Recommended,427520,34183656,Posted: 11 August,all,nreeves,Very fun and addictive
,Recommended,427520,34197959,Posted: 12 August,all,Sparten1887 the Dark Lord,It's a lot of fun
,Recommended,427520,34198724,Posted: 12 August,all,DeadFire,Played for a little great game to take up some time in a boring work week
,Recommended,427520,24775897,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,muzamirmahadi,I'M WAITING MY PAYDAY ONLY FOR THIS GAME.... FEELING WORTH... THANKS FOR YOUR TEAM FOR THIS AMAZING GAMES...
76561198015220651,Recommended,427520,34861223,Posted: 10 September,all,meeelting,Really good! Rick has lost Morty and is stuck on a planet: the simulator.
,Recommended,427520,34875163,Posted: 10 September,all,BusinessBunny skinhub.com,"What. A. Game. So addictive. If u dont like it at first, youre not playing it right, you need to understand that automation is KEY"
76561197968021589,Recommended,427520,34883644,Posted: 11 September,all,-=[SAS]=- Commando,"really cool. needs way more story line campain games in the ""new hope"" line"
,Recommended,427520,25234105,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ObLiViOn[XIII,As an engineer I always get a huge boner when playing this.10/10 raging steel beam when I play this.
,Recommended,427520,30474899,Posted: 12 March,all,k.,i had put 118 hours in to this game before i knew itkill me
,Recommended,427520,23537323,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Medocine,"Well, come back after the update my base was without any power suply because of a gameplay modification.The base got destroyed in less than 10 minutes :("
76561197975584561,Recommended,427520,31649384,Posted: 9 May,all,Yaniv,great game
,Recommended,427520,31650342,Posted: 9 May,all,Ricktza,Love it
,Recommended,427520,33058126,Posted: 30 June,all,gastf2,"Sorry no time, i have to redesign my factory.did something wrong with the ratio in my science setup.10/10 - no time for commant i'm playing"
,Recommended,427520,21657948,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Loopa,No words need to be said about this game. JUST. GET. IT
,Recommended,427520,21658616,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,qos**,Love It
76561198026264533,Recommended,427520,21657982,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Darth Kcaj,Lots of problem solving fun
,Recommended,427520,21658918,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mugeo,This game..... Brings tears to my eyes. It's the engineer's wet dream. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21659219,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Avatar of Shibby,I have not played a game that captivated me this much in a long time.  I have a hard time stopping myself from playing this.
76561198174431169,Recommended,427520,21658555,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Stolen_Titan,best game ever
,Recommended,427520,30781771,Posted: 27 March,all,Crawl,Fun
76561198007029051,Recommended,427520,30796028,Posted: 28 March,all,Imaver,If you like automation in any of its form - this game is definitelly for you
76561198301192101,Recommended,427520,31364066,Posted: 25 April,all,exscalaber91,awesome game it has great potental
,Recommended,427520,23149496,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,Enjoyable! Some really cool game mechanics here. The basic idea of building a factory for various reasons is pretty intresting. 7/10.
76561198384902573,Recommended,427520,33643570,Posted: 18 July,all,deff,Meh game. Only worth it on sale.
76561198268721178,Recommended,427520,33492320,Posted: 12 July,all,SirMini,[other people may like it but i didnt
76561198060314407,Recommended,427520,34572371,Posted: 29 August,all,Ӆᶓᵮᶏᶉᶖơцʂ~}God{~,thinking stat game decent arcade style 2D graphic but fun :D
76561198131377137,Recommended,427520,35267586,Posted: 28 September,all,MadMan321,Good game
,Recommended,427520,35269479,Posted: 28 September,all,mabster,Excelent! Very engrossing and open for creativity 9/10.
,Recommended,427520,22452175,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Kor'thara,"A great game, 10/10 I highly recomend this, still could use alot more assets in regards to buildings, logistics and other things but it's amazing.My first game I found myself in a massive dense forest and buggerall coal, nearest coal deposit was a long way away, it was very, very, very satisfying to scroll out and look at what I'd accomplished by the end, I turned, a dense forest into a massive industrial playgound and I had more fuel than I knew what to do with, and it took me a long time before I got proper logistics and equipment to get a good flow of coal, Rail networks to and from different locations, a large research facility, smeltery, steel mill, weapons production, and a very impressively large Oil Refinery/Storage depot next to a large Solar field and Steam Engine power station, my first attempt wasn't the most efficient but it made for very interesting gameplay and problem solving, as I progressed, I could see myself getting better and better and more efficient with Logistics and Manufacturing, and it's very satisfying seeing all of the progress made, man, started off struggling to keep my furnaces and drills powered by manually feeding them with wood to a flourishing industrial playground with too much coal and bugger all trees in the area.The only downside I find with this is you run out of research quickly once you get going and everything just seems to die when you want it to go on for longer, still satisfying nonetheless and makes for great replay value to do things differently, Not to mention the mods available that really change how you can play, from additional logistics options to alternatives to alien research and other things."
,Recommended,427520,34070128,Posted: 6 August,all,Spymac,👍👍👍👍👍 I Like.
76561198238290028,Recommended,427520,29368604,Posted: 19 January,all,DJ,Boom.
76561198056709869,Recommended,427520,29488044,Posted: 25 January,all,pi,Exceptional. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,427520,30187662,Posted: 25 February,all,kingofxdox2.0,you will spend hours on one fatory and yet your not done yet. mod will add 9999999999999999999999999999 hours
76561198322295505,Recommended,427520,30656063,Posted: 21 March,all,FussionZZ,Great game 10/10
76561197975012321,Recommended,427520,31476660,Posted: 30 April,all,Swiss Cheese,this game is extremely addictive
76561198061966225,Recommended,427520,28251102,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,bluestickoman,best game ever
,Recommended,427520,29049282,Posted: 5 January,all,Legocraftmation,This is an amazing game.
76561198154400389,Recommended,427520,29290129,Posted: 15 January,all,Gopnik_God,Great game!
,Recommended,427520,29318987,Posted: 17 January,all,Handburger,Loved it
,Recommended,427520,29371902,Posted: 20 January,all,CygnusCross,"Simple review:Game is amazing - Yes, you should buy it!"
,Recommended,427520,29413291,Posted: 21 January,all,mattsmithDW,I cannot quit this game. Its too much fun D:
,Recommended,427520,29472999,Posted: 24 January,all,JayRoddyRod,"Don't play it, too addictive!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,21576939,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ZombieTeam67,Good game but shoukd be able to join online through steam.
,Recommended,427520,22031867,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,JRoy,I didnt know how I would feel about this game... but I love it. It satisfies my need to make something that doenst require maintenece. Automation!
76561198067659750,Recommended,427520,25280492,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MemeDuck,"this game is really a stratagy game , if you hate thinking about how to solve problems , this game isnt for you , ive stayed up till 2 in the morning playing this game , once you start playing its hard to stop, playing with your friends is really fun also , great game over all"
76561198094781649,Recommended,427520,31041618,Posted: 9 April,all,kuppensNL,"What is brown and sticky?A stickoh yeah, great game. lot of fun!"
,Recommended,427520,31570993,Posted: 5 May,all,FuturamaKing,"An incredible game, fun and educational, at least educational on resource management and bottlenecks."
,Recommended,427520,33547563,Posted: 14 July,all,lonelyness,"~4 months ago I pirated this game, because I didn't have the money. I played my first save for 82 hours and felt really♥♥♥♥♥♥for pirating the game. I decided to buy it so I wouldn't feel♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is amazing, sadly I got burned out from the (unbought) version; so I cant put in another 82 hours. Maybe after I play a Dwarf Fortress save for 120 hours; I'll come back and put in another OFFICAL hours."
,Recommended,427520,34743841,Posted: 4 September,all,Ham Man,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzbY5DSQpHo
76561197966203934,Recommended,427520,21532139,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"This Game is Epic even in Early Access cuz i saw no Bugs yet, its so much fun to combine stuff and connect evrything to something bigger, defending your Base with turrets and walls and much more later.10/10   try it out, its worth it.I favored it over Far cry Primal now xD."
76561197972039165,Recommended,427520,21620149,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Penny Lee,"Thousands upon thousands moving items, belts, machines, arms.  Just cannot get my head around how they have made it work with so much, in so much detail and smooth as silk.  I did panic once when I swore the game was slowing down due to the load and demand on processing but no, I just did not supply enough power to run everything at full speed.Looking forward to updates that add items and stuff."
76561197996832469,Recommended,427520,22013547,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Fat Mike,"Shockingly in depth, well made, addictive...Ahh hell, just buy the damn game if you like to build stuff and use your brain."
76561198056884732,Recommended,427520,22033953,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Schnick,Absolutly Great Game. Been playing it for a few hours and I have build myself up pretty well.
76561198013652587,Recommended,427520,22073600,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,joe_bnd,I love this game.I can't name one thing I like about it.You need to play Factorio.
76561197970551535,Recommended,427520,22667106,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MrQim,I played this game for only 1 session... as you can see it lasted a bit.Now I don't want to start it again for fear of losing more days of my life.I don't plan on doing that again until it's out of EA.
76561198046667588,Recommended,427520,22933717,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,kreeded29,It's just great fun
,Recommended,427520,25410779,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sonya Penny,There is a large learning curve for this game... but it’s worth it. Trial and error is key to getting good at this game. Just test stuff and see what works. After maybe 5 or 6 tries I got the hang of it. Really REALLY recommend you play with friends! 10/10
76561198281071332,Recommended,427520,26951407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,freescspirit,"I am now over 90h in this game... and I can't stop. I just can't.Factorio is one of these games that attract you in a weird way.With its oldschool graphic, you get immerse, and build, build build. I can't even describe this game, it is something appart. Just watch the trailer, and if you feel like you might like it, try the demo, if you did like it (and wouldn't you!) just buy it!It is full of possibilities, also as a plus a load of great mod are made for it.Really a game apart, something out there. Made to be played hours and hours..."
76561197990744159,Recommended,427520,29706567,Posted: 4 February,all,Ban885,"man never judge a book by its cover, i mean.. don't judge a video game by it's cover. this game does get very complicated.this game is great, you start out with nothing but a furnace and a mining digger, then you eventually start building bigger factories and  larger assembly line, it gets far more complicated and harder the more you research and the more you pollute aliens will come after you and try to fuc you, trying to make the most efficient way to produce items. i've only owned the game for like 3 days and this game has me hooked. every time i start over i get better at being efficient , i made about 12 new games since i've been playing (;"
,Recommended,427520,21575434,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,StellarShade,This game is great fun. I have always liked building bases in RTS games and this takes it to the next lvl.
76561197968589305,Recommended,427520,21855684,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Soondead,"WARNING! Do not buy this game if you intend to get ANYTHING ELSE done in the next two weeks. The gameplay is incredibly easy to pick up and after a few hours you will have your first mega complex up and running. At that point, you will start building a new and improved complex next to it to optimize production. This introduces new challenges which will ...oh... bedtime already? Didn't I just get up? Seems I missed dinner... and lunch... AND breakfast. Huh, that must be why I'm so hungry. Just have to fix this production bottleneck first.This game is made of the same magic stuff that was in Transport Tycoon. Plus cocaine."
,Recommended,427520,21893513,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,HoneyBadger,i love this game so much i traded my pirated copy for a real one :D well done dev's
,Recommended,427520,22013291,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,No Returns of Null,Finally my dream come true:Fully Automated Luxury Gay Space Communism.
76561198001879041,Recommended,427520,22013682,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,demothesis,Fantastic addicting game.
,Recommended,427520,22014412,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,-=[Tripwire]=-,*Buys game*Skips tutorial*Plays 2-3 hours*Builds massive base*Learns about pollution*Gets demolished by bugs*Would face childhood fears of man eating bugs again.*Would also tell friends to skip tutorial ;)
76561198007470543,Recommended,427520,22014526,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Taco Salad,10/10 would make science juice again.
76561197982765231,Recommended,427520,22112680,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,"Wow, hands down great game. very indepth very addicting."
76561198135482604,Recommended,427520,26303673,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Lackofmoderation,"I just LOVE this game!  It really appeals to the nerd in me who wants nothing more than a spagetti string of conveyor belts bringing products to another machine to be further processed!  Highly recomend for hours of fun!  Set a timer, the hours fly by all too quick..."
76561197970966562,Recommended,427520,21609513,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bushid0g*,"I can't remember any other game where i enjoyed as much hoping into my tank loaded with supplies to setup a distant outpost, clearing stretches of forest with a flamethrower while deploying drones in my power armor to deploy an oil pipeline accross country and building trains to reach it, expanding my sweet pollution into the face of the native zergs, until I manage to finally build a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket to get out of this disgusting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a planet; and that's barely the surface of the game.An incredibly complex, thorough, enjoyable, deep strategy/management game. This is what the ANNO series should have evolved towards.I enjoyed it very, very much. Already 66hours? When did I sleep? I'm barely halfway through the tech tree. So much to expand, and building the rocket is so far away yet !So much value into this piece of art. So much fun. I'm feeling like I was when I first discovered model railways as a kid.I don't usually post reviews, but here. Help yourself. Play FACTORIO."
76561198207586695,Recommended,427520,22011251,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sir_Nopington,"If you like factory mods for minecraft, you should definently get this game!"
,Recommended,427520,22013054,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Probe1,"It's a great game but user friendliness is a concept completely foreign to the developers.  It's not bad but tool tips and hints about what a thing does don't exist, sending you to the wiki to figure out some pretty basic tasks.A good example is storage.  A container has a limited amount of storage.  If you want to further limit this amount then you can press a big red X then select how much of available storage you want to use  before it stops adding more items.That's explained nowhere and I only knew it existed because I accidentally pressed it once.  The game is kinda like that.  Really, really fun but definitely an early access game that lacks the kinds of common sense polish as a finished game.Despite of this, I've had a lot of fun and it's a very creative game."
76561198029789364,Recommended,427520,25594152,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,FAHQ,Dont do alot of reviews but this game is pretty damn good.
,Recommended,427520,27970710,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SkylarGirl73,"Wow!  This game is a mile wide and a feet deep.  The crafting recipies can get thoroughly dense and complex.If you enjoy builder/crafting type games then give Factorio a go.  It will definitely mess with the heads of those of you who might be OCD.  I worked for hours to get my initial factory laid out in a precise fashion since I am a total nutcase for uniformity and ensuring that everything has its place.The overall game is straight forward: gather resources, build machinery to help you gather even more resources, build a defense grid and drone army of helpers.  From simple pickaxe to automated factory workflow, you'll go from zero to planetary hero (or environmental villain, depending on your point of view).Hours of fun.  Even more for those who love to refactor and refine their workflows for utmost performance and efficiency!"
76561198319669824,Recommended,427520,31919309,Posted: 23 May,all,XxPhantomKillerxX,"Amazing game. THere is so much to do in singleplayer  and multiplayer. Although, if you're on a big server, I would reccomend setting your graphics to low."
,Recommended,427520,21556843,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,kru,Factorio will soon be classified as a Schedule I substance. That's why I have to play as much as I can right now!
,Recommended,427520,26619431,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,General Steahk,It's good
76561197963135491,Recommended,427520,21996012,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,GrimmGames,Super cool game.
,Recommended,427520,22949203,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ithaldir,"It is like a 2D single layered Minecraft, however the objective of the game is not to mine all the resources but to make machines to do it all for you.The player can do 3/4 of everything in the game themselves, from mining iron and coal to making complex machines, however that would take a very long time to do, and why work when you can work at making machines do the work for you? First you make mining rigs to mine for you, supplying them with coal you mined, then then you make coal mining rigs that are self-powering by looping their own production, then you can upgrade to powered mining rigs by using coal to heat water for steam engines to generate power to supply the electric coal rigs which generate the coal to power the boilers to... Needless to say this game gets complicated but if you take things one step at a time you'll have a wonderfully complex factory running in no time! Of course with every step you take forward the aliens, who aren’t too happy with you setting up your horrifically pollutant factory up on their planet, have it out for you. What is worse than having a bewilderingly confusing factory? Having to try to rebuild it after it gets destroyed that's what. Do you know what happens when you run out of coal and all your mining rigs are eletric? Everything goes off line and you have to jumpstart your whole factory from coal you mined yourself...All that being said the process of making and upgrading your factory is the game and eventually you just plateau out with nothing left to make, technically there is an end game goal of setting up a satellite in space using a rocket but there isn't really any satisfaction in it. Eventually you sit there with flying robots maintaining and supplying everything for you asking yourself ""What now?"", and that is pretty much when the game stops but up until that point the game is totally awesome.Additionally, I think they are planning on adding new things to it which would delay the point when you max everything out.Anyway, I usually stay away from early access games but this is a 100% working, fun game. Get it, or wait and get an even more delightfully complicated one later, your choice!"
,Recommended,427520,29625539,Posted: 1 February,all,Ekse,"Downloaded the game, played it, later purchased it on steam (full price 20€) since it was so good. I like that its still in development, its not perfect. Hope to see improvements."
76561198020017427,Recommended,427520,29476466,Posted: 24 January,all,Smooth516,"This game is amazing, buy it."
76561198079135025,Recommended,427520,29580513,Posted: 29 January,all,nboom94,verry addicting game!
76561198202998745,Recommended,427520,29679642,Posted: 3 February,all,Meems33,yes
,Recommended,427520,21949848,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bboalt,Fantastic economy/ management game
76561198030414314,Recommended,427520,33700791,Posted: 21 July,all,boksiora,Great game.
,Recommended,427520,21533392,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SpectreDaemon,The game I've been waiting my whole life for.
76561197971719863,Recommended,427520,33865515,Posted: 28 July,all,Bob Lee Swagger,Sign your life away. The Cracktorio has you!
,Recommended,427520,34278985,Posted: 16 August,all,"Tzeentch, Changer of Ways","It's like 2D Minecraft with Gregtech without Minecraft.The graphics are like OG Starcraft, and that's my favorite part, so far."
,Recommended,427520,21661998,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,cm_okey,1 min: It will be boring 2D games5 min: Hmm maybe I play just a bit More4 hour: Need to build some engine to build another engine6 ++ hour: Asking friend to play Factorio in multiplayer5/5 Would make a Factory in alien land again
76561197994432403,Recommended,427520,22292423,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Hugh Jassol,"I've played 5 hours so far. That is, I played 5 hours straight after starting the game. I went through the tutorial/campaign demo thing and was suprised at it's simplistic controls, yet it's in-depth building system. The building system it's self it easy to understand and the added benefit of things being created for you when you only have the basic parts, aside from some items, like the steel plate. Although, once you get far enough into the game, you can make it automatic, which is awesome. Dispite being an early access game, this is probably the most complex and stable one I've played. Would I recommend this game? Absolutely. Why are you still reading this? Go and buy it already so the Devs can eat and the game even more awesome."
,Recommended,427520,30403690,Posted: 8 March,all,charliechuckleberry,"After almost 200 hours of play, it still hasn't gotten old and I want to do more.  Also, I heard they are adding more to the game..."
,Recommended,427520,27300812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chrogion,"Extremely addictive, ahem, I mean fun...Seriously, this game is about automation. Because if you don't automate, things take aaaaages. And your beautiful mind will rejoice when you finally automate something that you previously did manually. And then you will marvel at your own creations until you realize that there is something else that you should automate...From a technical standpoint this is a masterpice. I'm still astonished how smoothly this runs even though there are so many things happening at the same time in the game."
76561198125318923,Recommended,427520,24088776,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,bloodthirsty,"after a good 30 hours of playing the game, you'll zoom out and look at your factory and wonder, ""How did I do all of that?"""
,Recommended,427520,24901303,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Tyler,"Incredible depth of content, immensly satisfying and a ton of fun in multiplayer. I wouldn't even count this as early-access, this is a full fledged game with more content on the way."
,Recommended,427520,24444256,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,kcdeveloper,Absolutely love this game! I wish every game could have crafting systems like this.
,Recommended,427520,31567911,Posted: 5 May,all,sexy ass ginger man,Update simulation 2017
,Recommended,427520,34502049,Posted: 26 August,all,❤ Levia~tan ❤,Best game 11/10
,Recommended,427520,35355489,Posted: 30 September,all,Basalt,nice
,Recommended,427520,30060178,Posted: 20 February,all,Han YOLO,I just passed third campain mission and I can't wait to play fourth.  10/10 recommend
76561198183607018,Recommended,427520,34340944,Posted: 18 August,all,FatherSalami,more addidcting than any drug
,Recommended,427520,34351292,Posted: 19 August,all,Elite,Really good fun game but it gets very hard and you will want to stop 7/10
76561198302344918,Recommended,427520,32478116,Posted: 16 June,all,the true sniper,I really love this game and it has really good gameplay but i cant play it now because i downloaded too many mods and it wont run
76561197968470997,Recommended,427520,21989852,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,info,breathtakinly excellent.finally a complex build/craft/construction/eploration/combat/sandbox game that's not just dumbed down empty promises (civ beyond earth and other garbage)
,Recommended,427520,25678343,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,slayerjerman,1. Bought game.2. Played until I physically could not3. Angered wife from climbing into bed after physically unable to stay away anylongerThis is not a game. This is digital heroin.15/10 Would anger wife again
,Recommended,427520,29923725,Posted: 14 February,all,thebudda27,We are going to make Factorio great again. We will build a great wall and make the aliens pay for all the stone. Praise the space working class!10/10
,Recommended,427520,26931223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ezguerila,That moment when you thought that your factory was good enough and you see 100 ways to make it more efficient
,Recommended,427520,21830477,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Chicken McNuggets,Know how the British came to america and started colonizing?Then killed of the indians?Well its pretty much that but with factorys.And less colonizing more like screw this place i need to build a rocketship.Then you turn into the little einsteins and get the hell off the planet.
,Recommended,427520,27270439,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kelenius,Interesting. Addictive. Pretty fun.
,Recommended,427520,28773277,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,the salt lord,makeing a functional factory is so satisfying even if its shity then makeing it better is even more satisfying
,Recommended,427520,34562781,Posted: 28 August,all,monk king,The doctor gave me the cup and told me to go pee in it. I took the cup from his hand in the doctor's room and then I went to the bathroom and closed the door. Then I took the cup and tried to pee on it. I take my little peepee out and I looked down its sights. I lined up the shot and put my fat finger on the trigger and squeezed out a shot of peewee. Splat! The doctor's bathroom's mirror was covered in my stinky wet yellow peewee! I was proud and decided to squirt everywhere. I tied my peepee like a pretzel from a state fair and plugged it into my budhole and squeeze on my ball sacks. Mmmm I feel peewee shoot up my butt
,Recommended,427520,28523163,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,COME OUT YE BLACK N TANS,Better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,427520,30345720,Posted: 5 March,all,Y E E T,"Capable of stealing hours that you otherwise you would have spent masturbating. 10/10 would masturbate while playing it again. Also it runs on even the ♥♥♥♥♥iest laptops so if you own a♥♥♥♥♥♥School laptop because you normally play on a high end tower pc that you financed by stealing your moms credit car because you are a 12 year old pre teen whos dad is an alcoholic, then you are able to experience this wonderful game at the place that causes your crippeling depression and is responsible for you social anxiety and paranoia. Good game overall"
,Recommended,427520,24943743,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,DogLoaf,"Factorio had me stay up for 3 days straight because with this game,like Civ 5, theres is the mindset of ""Just one more turn/hour"". This game is about you stranded on a alien infested world and trying to build a automated factory to get the tools to build a rocket to fly off. By doing so you create machines,research new technology, and while you do all these cool things, you essentially have industrialized the whole planet and removed its beauty with vass amounts of pollution. This will cause the aliens to fight back by destroying you're precious automated machines and even attack you 1 on 1. You have to find and hunt down alien hives and destroy them and take the area to prevent more from coming back to hurt you and your creations. This game requires you to think logically and make sure that you produce as much as you consume. By the end of the game you pretty much can sit down and have a tank built for you within 5 seconds. There is so much content in this game that it would take me 25 pages to explain it all, and if that isn't enough, there is a growing and very active modding community for the game. With constant new mods and frequent developer updates, Factorio is well worth it's price tag. (Nominated for the ""5 More Minutes"" Award!)"
,Recommended,427520,29681904,Posted: 3 February,all,Starkiller,11/10 would make wall of Trump again
,Recommended,427520,21540084,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NoQuarterX,"Great game, put 24 hours in it in three days. Worth it."
76561198031286663,Recommended,427520,21541688,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mr Awesome,mmmmmmmmmmmm
76561198158940417,Recommended,427520,31427461,Posted: 28 April,all,maxthecoolki,how do u uninstall mods outside of the game
,Recommended,427520,32207156,Posted: 5 June,all,Mooel,Yes.
,Recommended,427520,25583956,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,JamsterrOG,Gr8 game m8.12/10
,Recommended,427520,29718586,Posted: 5 February,all,flack,flacktorio
76561198130869394,Recommended,427520,24103339,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Moon Truther,"I only have 40-ish hours on this game, but i already know it will have hours of fun! 11/10"
,Recommended,427520,32197174,Posted: 5 June,all,❤ Dianneee ❤ hellcase.com,Awesome game :)
76561198120937308,Recommended,427520,29501103,Posted: 26 January,all,Zis Is Berd,HEY LOOK A GOOD GAME
76561198133708406,Recommended,427520,32740454,Posted: 24 June,all,hoosting1998,yo please tell me why this isnt on discount
76561198254682481,Recommended,427520,31530246,Posted: 3 May,all,nappy245,This game is awsome.
76561198011452450,Recommended,427520,21621435,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Duty Calls,"I would say that this game has genious game design and awesome mechanics, but also has lack of imagination.This is the game what I missed in the Minecraft: carefully refined automated mechanics with great tech trees. However, even I make a great process to launch space shuttle within a minute, that's everything and nothing I can do with the result. I want to make my beautiful house, city, and structures in the Survial mode. But, this game doesn't offer any customization blocks or furnitures. Just static robot arms are here. This is the reason that this game doesn't inspire my idea like a civilization.Factorio is a kind of tool, not a game. If someone combines this game and 3D Minecraft, it will be long last game till the human falls. But I still recommend you to buy this game because the 'END GAME' is not launched yet. Please watch the trailer carefully. If you don't like it, don't buy it. If you like it, you will waste 200 hours within 2 weeks. I warned you."
76561198167739181,Recommended,427520,26183375,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tecris,good buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut it gets boreing after a while.
76561198055389281,Recommended,427520,26900845,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flynn,"Flynns friend: Hey dude when did you get up?Flynn: Get up... GET UP?!, HOW COULD I GET UP WHILE I STILL HAVE TO CONFIGURE THIS AUTOMATION OF THI- THIS DAMN IRON PRODUCTION CENTER!Flynns friend: (Ver scared) Wait what? Flynn your scaring meFlynn: SCARE? IM SCARING YOU? WANT TO KNOW WHATS SCARED OF ME? THE BUGS!Flynns friend: Bugs?Flynn: YES BUGS, THINKING THEY OWN THIS DAMN PLANET, I ASKED TO PEACEFULLY POLLUTE THERE PLANET WHILE I HARVESTED THERE COPPER,IRON THERE ♥♥♥♥ING TREESFlynns friend: Okay Flynn i think you need to calm downFlynn: YOU KNOW WHAT IM GOING TO DO TOO THEM? IM GOING TO TRAP THEM INBETWEEN SOME WALLS, AND SPRINKLE SOME LIQUID NAPALM AROUND SAID WALLS, SO EVERTIME THEY TRY TO STOP MY PRODUCTION, THEY WILL MELT AN-Flynns friend: Flynn im calling the policeFlynn: ...Flynns friend: Flynn? Flynn why are you grabbing a knife?Flynn: I CanT Go T- TO JaaIl, i GoT FAcTOries T BuiLdFlynns friend: FLYNN! FLYNN! FLYYYY-And thats the story of how i ended up in jail because of this game, Remember folks Don't approch sleep deprived gamers you will almost certainly obtain a injury of the stabby sort9/8 would stab my friend again"
76561198055621814,Recommended,427520,22443436,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Klagent,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,427520,21989941,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,wragle,"FactorioThis game is great. The game is simple once you grasp the basic concepts and extremely enjoyable. You start in a land with  only a mine and a furnace but from there you branch out and thrive in this land that you are placed in. As you progress through the game you unlock new elements of the game and because of the research sytem it's not at all over whelming to someone with little or no experience with the game. You are constantly upgrading and making your base better and better.  As you build this factory you will have to automate everything. The game is very pleasing when you finally automate the production of something or make something new. Lots of content means that you will not stop discovering new ways to do something or little tricks any time soon. When i saw the price tag of this game (£15) I thought that might be a bit much for a small game like this. Oh was I wrong.In the full release I'd like to see an improved tutorial that alows you to learn how to do everything in the games enviroment- Instead of the text tutorial. Over all, I'd strongly reccomend getting this game. It's worth every single penny.Also, the multiplayer is quite refined. Not much lag between players and although you have to make a factorio account, it is very easy to host or join servers. My only complaint is that while joining a server, everyone already in the server has to wait for the game to load for the the person joining. This can sometimes take up to a minute if you have a large world or if your internet is not very fast."
,Recommended,427520,23029730,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Eugene,♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198250236310,Recommended,427520,21595046,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Bear Grylls,"I never write reviews, but this game was VERY good, and extrememly uniqe. Although I only played 30 min. and refunded it. It was def. appealing. I found it a bit repetitive, but thats just me, and also I didnt feel like twenty dollars was worth it, but that's the only cons (In my opinion, of course) that I found. The rest of the game is great, and like I said, VERY, VERY, unique. Very fun and only a little bit pricy."
76561198078194625,Recommended,427520,27629431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Timjfjdd,"this game is amazing, you get to engineers your own mechanism, its great, stop reading and buy this time machine"
,Recommended,427520,23837506,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,❖ Tankron,Very well done and complicated  game with an extreme amount of potential! Can't wait to see full release
,Recommended,427520,32397074,Posted: 13 June,all,Pewfie,pretty homo
76561198111721996,Recommended,427520,32392862,Posted: 13 June,all,Gandalf The Black And White,Very fun game and can spend a lot of hours not knowing what to do and finding new techniques to optimize your production.
,Recommended,427520,32403100,Posted: 13 June,all,mark-henry,helllllllllll yeh
,Recommended,427520,21497801,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Stephanov,Choo choo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,427520,33267865,Posted: 5 July,all,egoshi,>>> positive review transported with conveyors >>>
,Recommended,427520,33361457,Posted: 7 July,all,tondeaf,"It's like Avatar, but the human(s) is the good guy(s)."
,Recommended,427520,21558162,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Zombeaga,
,Recommended,427520,22325626,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Bobby Ross,I haven't been playing this game for long but I will be. I am enjoying this game and plan on buying and DCLs that may be released and will definetly try to bring ideas up to the creaters of the game. I suggest buying this game if you enjoy grinding and building things the way you want to. There is already so much stuff in the game for weeks of fun.
,Recommended,427520,21512440,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,PRYM8,Tony the Tiger
,Recommended,427520,30088523,Posted: 21 February,all,Nagasaki-kun,no
,Recommended,427520,29425705,Posted: 22 January,all,PootisPablo,"Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll meI ain't the sharpest tool in the shedShe was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumbIn the shape of an ""L"" on her foreheadWell the years start coming and they don't stop comingFed to the rules and I hit the ground runningDidn't make sense not to live for funYour brain gets smart but your head gets dumbSo much to do, so much to seeSo what's wrong with taking the back streets?You'll never know if you don't goYou'll never shine if you don't glowHey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go playHey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the moldIt's a cool place and they say it gets colderYou're bundled up now, wait till you get olderBut the meteor men beg to differJudging by the hole in the satellite pictureThe ice we skate is getting pretty thinThe water's getting warm so you might as well swimMy world's on fire, how about yours?That's the way I like it and I never get boredHey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go playHey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paidAll that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the moldHey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go playHey now, you're a rock star, get the show, on get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting starsSomebody once asked could I spare some change for gas?I need to get myself away from this placeI said yep what a conceptI could use a little fuel myselfAnd we could all use a little changeWell, the years start coming and they don't stop comingFed to the rules and I hit the ground runningDidn't make sense not to live for funYour brain gets smart but your head gets dumbSo much to do, so much to seeSo what's wrong with taking the back streets?You'll never know if you don't go (go!)You'll never shine if you don't glowHey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go playHey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paidAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the moldAnd all that glitters is goldOnly shooting stars break the mold"
,Recommended,427520,33633333,Posted: 18 July,all,ninjapig40,ok
,Recommended,427520,26894740,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[DM]Wanard,This game is something what i found somehow once and still i'm able to come back to it.A lot to do.Mods.Fun with friends.Long gameplay.10/10
76561198137504007,Recommended,427520,23105497,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Thatflyman321,yum
76561198025634254,Recommended,427520,25952224,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Takatifu CT,"If anyone reading this is an engineer or wants to study/is currently studying engineering, you ought to play Factorio.PS: Prepare tissues before launching the game. You'll need them ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)."
76561198153361389,Recommended,427520,33164377,Posted: 2 July,all,Darude DragonStorm,if the aliens are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you are creating smog...Just run over their houses with a tank.
,Recommended,427520,23896168,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,KubaP,Best game ever.
76561198151921714,Recommended,427520,23034164,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,"Stea,mCyborg",OMG I LOVE THIS GAME TOOOOOOOOO MUCH
,Recommended,427520,22889759,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Super Mario Bros. Fanatic,This game is great. The only thing I would add is STEAM MULTIPLAYER!
76561198197213594,Recommended,427520,29432179,Posted: 22 January,all,Him Hop,Just another one of those ''.io'' games
76561197999269893,Recommended,427520,28145369,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,rob__77,gg
,Recommended,427520,32228962,Posted: 6 June,all,terrerian500,awsome stuff
,Recommended,427520,32234748,Posted: 7 June,all,Therosy,Please send help. I can't stop.All I hear is the sound of machines.
76561197982304225,Recommended,427520,32230478,Posted: 6 June,all,Pakakoe,"Not much to review, just an awesome game!"
,Recommended,427520,27742781,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JReesW,This game is just so amazingly satisfying
,Recommended,427520,26637048,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,gNatFreak,It's great.
76561198031197569,Recommended,427520,22452762,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KROK,"Hi guys, I was so close to refund the game since I bought the game for the purpose to play multiplayer with friend. Now it turned it out fine: just to open ports and install hamachi. But still a hustle, I recommend this game strongly and if they fix a steam intergation it can be really awesome.+ addictive+ basic to advanced playstyle+ when you suceed to build a perfect productline+ SO MUCH POTENTIAL!- No easy setup for multiplayer, (open ports, install hamachi) **FIXED**- The enemies could be more advanced maybe more challenging attacks- Not for a casual player when you arrive later on the game"
76561198171893971,Recommended,427520,33918871,Posted: 30 July,all,lewisckg,"Here is the deal, I love it."
,Recommended,427520,23607890,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ThePopeOfNope,The Devs Dont Mess aroundThe Game dont mess around
,Recommended,427520,23598642,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Captain Stanhope,I like this one. It's fun to play BUT it's better with friends.
,Recommended,427520,33642402,Posted: 18 July,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"Tired of those tree hugging hippys?Want to stick it to mother nature?Have no moral balance for industry vs enviornment?Did you vote for Trump and his racist bible thumping greedmongers selling out america to the russians?THIS GAME IS FOR YOU!!!!!!!!Make no mistake, given how were gonna plaster moral balance to games like hatred lets be fair and run the board. In this game you invade a planet, exploit the enviornment, destroy the eco structure and kill all local and native life. A lot like how america was made.Buy this game and help make america great again!!!!!!!(seriously though... the gameplay is pretty good if your an egg head or like to think and design)"
76561198257538430,Recommended,427520,30729412,Posted: 25 March,all,heligeek21,"Loved this game at first but it gets very boring if you dont play it multiplayer, would appreciate a refund"
76561198144767434,Recommended,427520,22618459,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,[HOG] Dr.Tree,"Before I played Factorio＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played Factorio／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)10/10 Would Waste My Life again"
76561198346637486,Recommended,427520,29025933,Posted: 4 January,all,✧˖° xampyy ~♥,itsa gud game
76561198050331389,Recommended,427520,25202360,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hareve,Such a good game- although price is a little steep...
,Recommended,427520,23006441,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,I am S.A.I.N.T.,best game
76561198331591664,Recommended,427520,33978025,Posted: 2 August,all,SheepWithLuck,"How do you make power, when I serch it up they say that I need to place boilers, but on their screen the boilers are tiny little boilers but on my screen the boilers are huge and I cant figure out how to make this work someone please hlp me"
,Recommended,427520,25204555,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fluffy,"It was fun untill it was 3 in the morning. But i need to finish my robot network. Ill just finish it in 10minutes, 4 hours later... im done!"
,Recommended,427520,21536645,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Validuz,Slaughter natives for oil.'Merica.
,Recommended,427520,30071351,Posted: 20 February,all,aiee,HELP
,Recommended,427520,33104763,Posted: 1 July,all,G-Eazy,Lit
76561198051254667,Recommended,427520,23015007,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pacman 2012,this r a gud gaem bcuz u hav 2 b smrt 2 plai it.stupit peepl carnt plai thys gaem bcuz it iz rerly harrd and eye get comfusd bi it alot even tho i r smart
,Recommended,427520,22900394,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Geest,Help
,Recommended,427520,24985124,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,-Zed,alot of stuff to do :Pnot repetitive :Dbasically terraria but no underground
,Recommended,427520,32207459,Posted: 5 June,all,Legostomper99,i love this game
,Recommended,427520,21490124,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],Trains hurt.
,Recommended,427520,29536516,Posted: 28 January,all,ゴースト,yeah! hell yeah!
76561198058899662,Recommended,427520,31426890,Posted: 28 April,all,davidalbee1,factorio 0.15.3 won't update. can you fix it?
,Recommended,427520,31112953,Posted: 13 April,all,tutalu,Da game is da bomb yo know whatz i sa'yin man guns liaded headed at te top.
,Recommended,427520,33395335,Posted: 8 July,all,1476676975162.jpg,Buy this game if you dream about being ant.
,Recommended,427520,34765864,Posted: 5 September,all,D3ADSh0ck,gud gaem. 10/10 gud christian gaem wuld plaey again
76561198003614253,Recommended,427520,26376420,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Per-Gunnar Niklasson (Kuken),"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger."
,Recommended,427520,22226153,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Fuzzy,"------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I""ve been following this game WAY before it came on steam, never bought it or played it until it's steam release.I watched someone on Youtube for the longest time with this game, sadly, I cannot remember his name. He was excellent at commentary and was very entertaining to watch.Anyways, this game is stil, definitly worth the money they're charging for, I'd honestly pay even $25 - $30 when it's fully released.There is lots of things to do, it's multiplayer, it's very challenging compared to most games similar to this.There IS mod support, so if you're a modder or love modding games, look forward to that eh?This game can get so complicated with all the belts and machines and everything, it's so complex and elaborate the way you can do things it's insane.Best game in Early Access in my opinion.All in all, I highly reccomend this game, I've yet to see any bugs surprisingly, but yeah, worth your money.Throw it at them!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,427520,21610191,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Araganor,"Welp, there goes college...."
,Recommended,427520,33500922,Posted: 13 July,all,Bertoaldo_,"I bought this game to run over goblins with trains. I couldnt even build a train. did you hear me? I couldn't even do it. I recomend this game but only because my friend told me to do it. by the way, make sure to read the manual how to play otherwise you will be bad at this game for sure."
,Recommended,427520,33504361,Posted: 13 July,all,Molten Chocolate,ancap simulator
76561198274328640,Recommended,427520,33503823,Posted: 13 July,all,sinusrollins,love the game 11/10
76561198054318524,Recommended,427520,25496659,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,lukeyssl,"Thanks a lot now I have no life, dont want to go to work, all I think about all day is this game."
,Recommended,427520,25501299,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Victor,"If you're smart you'll like it.Be aware, it's so entertaining you might lose track of time."
76561197972029315,Recommended,427520,26435103,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,aim@me,"great addictive game under active development.Once you played the vanilla, go for mods."
76561198049399867,Recommended,427520,26247824,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Echory,Nice game to play inbetween. Just for some minutes. ...... Sure
,Recommended,427520,33083929,Posted: 1 July,all,YMW,(Y)
,Recommended,427520,34742902,Posted: 4 September,all,Ratchet,great game
76561198044700786,Recommended,427520,35216103,Posted: 25 September,all,Darth Tellor,gud gaem
,Recommended,427520,26635125,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Friday,very awesome game !! i enjoy very much
76561198246897900,Recommended,427520,30785163,Posted: 27 March,all,Seawolf Swindles,i r8 8/8 m8 gr8 game automating is kinda complex plus when ur base gets atacked and ur not ready u be like NO GOD PLZ NO
76561198126144521,Recommended,427520,33675072,Posted: 20 July,all,Joris,ddd
,Recommended,427520,33653997,Posted: 19 July,all,wαιze,Best game since DOTA2
,Recommended,427520,33812190,Posted: 26 July,all,Tarkus,This game is pure cocaine.I give it a 10/10.
76561198094018342,Recommended,427520,28417128,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,recordingauto90,great game
76561198048178050,Recommended,427520,34205213,Posted: 12 August,all,KaptinBoop,"10/10 got the referance to to the achivment ""so long and thanks for all the fish"" #bestmovieever"
76561198065209102,Recommended,427520,28635931,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ScroogeMcMeme,dddddd
76561198093820438,Recommended,427520,34991267,Posted: 16 September,all,snalex007,"To the develovers of factorio, could you please add curved rails into the game with out mods as my friend and i have been playing and we are unable to make and research curved rails. Love the game but please fix this or message back to inform me on how to fix it.Best regardsSnalex1"
,Recommended,427520,35362409,Posted: 30 September,all,thanaka,"""Discount Disclaimer: We don't have any plans to take part in a sale or to reduce the price for the foreseeable future.""Why has the HKD price gone down to 100 from 150?Maybe that should removed before this becomes a negative review..."
,Recommended,427520,33740258,Posted: 23 July,all,Polarised,11/10 would conveyor belt again
76561197970736031,Recommended,427520,22350806,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,McKeifus,This game is glorious.
,Recommended,427520,21561286,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,zaabi1995,Damn it's good.
,Recommended,427520,21932145,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The original slothy bastard,"Ok... lets get this out of the way. This game has some very very cut and dry similarities to another game called Fortresscraft. And from what I understand there's a bit of bad blood between these two... but make no mistake each game is great in their own respects and past their similarities the two divide very quickly in terms of style, not just visually but gameplay wise as well.The Factory-You remember that Bugs Bunny Looney Toons factory scene, where there's conveyor belts and machines working and its loud and Powerhouse (you're welcome btw) is playing in the background? That's this game incarnate. vast lines of conveyors, robotic arms, and automated assembly lines. You can literally make a car manufacturing plant if ya wanted to. Its that in depth. The only thing you don't need to do is assemble the individual components (Doors, windows, drive shaft ETC)The War-You're not alone. You will periodically come under attack by aliens that are almost sprite thefts of Starcraft 1 zerg. That's fine, I actually think that's a plus. They're FAST and they're mean. So you must construct additional turrets in order to defend yourself...but sometimes that's not enough. SO BUILD A MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING TANK!!!!The Science-there's a pretty in depth research system that adds new equipment and passive buffs to your machines. Not much to say there other than its pretty good and very smooth.The End-Not a clue. Can't wait.The Result-A visually naseutating Rube Goldberg machine of conveyors and assemblies. Vast fields of ore stripped and left baren. Pollution and slaughtered local wild life all to feed your needy machine.... Can't wait to see what else they add."
76561198062972313,Recommended,427520,21562343,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Chipmunk of Vengeance,"The Ultamte Time Waster! I'm not kidding either, it's a very fun sand box game with huge ammounts of potential, and certainly not boring, no matter how many times you start a new game."
76561198173279426,Recommended,427520,33741167,Posted: 23 July,all,12dragoneyes,this game makey you think and if you make a messy design at the begining you are basicly screwd
76561198045980220,Recommended,427520,22014097,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,A-Lex,This game is just flat out astoundingly fun and replayable.
,Recommended,427520,25110392,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Anihillator,"Awesome game, especially for doing things with friends."
,Recommended,427520,35272652,Posted: 28 September,all,-1PARA- rεmοdυl8,"DO NOT BUY if you get addicted to games where you can build and build and build. This game is highly addictive, so much so that I have STILL not been able to complete it as I have really bad OCD it seems and no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different attempts - I have yet to even get past plastics! I mean seriously, this game is just too good! I have lost many hours of my life, of which I was happy to surrender, that I could not think I could recover from! It has kept me way past my bed time on way too many occasions and bad devs - naughty devs!! How dare you make a really really really good game and make me stay up and be extremely late and tired for work!I love this game, its such a fun OCD filling game where you get to transport things - on belts(!) OMG I know right? You've maybe looked at a few videos, maybe read a few guides but seriously if you haven't already bought this game and played it - WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? How it can be so fun to build a factory, building factories, and yet still want to come back and just perfect that belt, or adujst the angle of a rail - just to fulfill your OCD? It is hard not to but I will one day complete this game, I will - but will I put it down and say 'Well, that's that then!', No. It's not gonna happen and no matter what you say, a friend (or even me) will buy this game for you, you may even buy it yourself but when you do hear this call - KNOW YOUR BED TIME AND PUT IT DOWN!It won't go away, it's not going to go away - it's here to stay and for good. It will all be worth it, the replayability is on point and the value is just tooo good!I do hope you enjoy the game as much as I have enjoyed it - great job on this and looking forward to the future of what this game will have to offer going forward."
,Recommended,427520,31408040,Posted: 27 April,all,Tramplefoot,"Fully automated gay space communism. Do you wish to cruelly oppress minorities? Or perhaps, you are looking forward to build a institution dedicated to excessive research? Are you ready to spend hours of maintenance for the future of your commune? Factorio got you covered. It's the industrial madness you never asked for."
76561198170716641,Recommended,427520,30188642,Posted: 25 February,all,Ole-Marius,This is gr8 m8 i r8 8/8 no h8
76561198012210749,Recommended,427520,30450298,Posted: 11 March,all,Terroristhawk,Love it!
,Recommended,427520,30533022,Posted: 15 March,all,paulc3,This is one of my favorite games
,Recommended,427520,32622188,Posted: 21 June,all,Papa Prostate,Beutiful. Honestly one of my favorite games. Also the new conent added gives the game much more depth. One of my conplaints is that I prefer some of the old textures before .15.
,Recommended,427520,21508584,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,hauser,hands down the best game ever made
,Recommended,427520,26592728,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,rock3rd,"Factorio, the video-game equivelant of crack cocaine, has become one of my favorite games currently on Steam. From the spectacular visuals (most likely inspired by late-90's-early-2000's creative management games) to the well-developed mechanics, Factorio has been one of the most polished Early Access games (which has a track record for at-most satis'factory' games. Ha!). Not much should be said, as not to hinder the experience, but as you go on, you will learn neat little tricks and kinks, and possibly develop your own! Factorio is one of the only games where I love to restart/replay, this is because the more you play, the more you grasp the idea and therefore, the more likely you are to put it in action. One the most fun and addictive games I've ever played, not just on Steam, but in gaming altogether.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,28855530,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jatye,"tis gam vry gud ha luv bobis en it, ha big bobis mm yum ;3"
,Recommended,427520,30497930,Posted: 13 March,all,Michael,Went at alien base to claim for peaceThey first ran towards me Murdered me and ate my body like a candy 10/10 aliens are friendly
,Recommended,427520,22614937,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,VΣXZ,"After actually completing the game, i must say this game has ruined me. I have noticed changes in the way i'm doing things because im trying to think of the most space efficient and effective way of doing it.Oh yeah, and i lost all my friendsHAVE FUN10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22014281,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Rinner,"This is an *incredible* game - so much depth, atmosphere, available [stable] gameplay and yet still early access.I found it best to avoid the campaign at first, and start a custom game with enemies set to not attack first. This allows plenty of time to learn the game mechanics without the pressure of a campaign, of course others prefer to play differently and this game has you covered.Start custom game - goodbye next 12 hours."
,Recommended,427520,22088369,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Iwanabaengineer,"One of the funest games iv ever played, however if I could tell my self one thing before buying this it would be how electricy in the game works:(Thing that needs electric)(Power Line)(Steam powered engine)(Boiler, needs coal)(Water line)(Water pump)Enjoy!"
76561198069698344,Recommended,427520,24081302,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Weitrix1277,Amazing game! I can't stop playing it. Absolutely worth the money.Hope the new big update come soon.
76561197975482653,Recommended,427520,24081418,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Worf,Easily the best game i've played in a long time. Enjoy!
76561198107664793,Recommended,427520,21798538,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Alex,"Bad internet = do not buyenjoys organising things = buy and seek medical helplikes graphics = do not buylikes designing and fixing = buyi refunded for reason one , multiplayer hosting system very strange, good for people in cities but for those of you who like me live in a settlement that is 50% made up of your own house and 50% sheep i cant recommend"
,Recommended,427520,26302999,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jann Lee,>buys game>spends 5 hours on tutorials>gets mad>quits for 2 days>gets back into it>starts new game>dies in first 10 minutes>quits>learns how to cheat>starts new campaign and cheats his way to the top>I rate this game 9/11
,Recommended,427520,33420650,Posted: 9 July,all,the peapod man ✅,.
,Recommended,427520,29716822,Posted: 5 February,all,burito,Imagine Transport Tycoon Deluxe and Alien Breed had a baby.
76561198073038949,Recommended,427520,25461884,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Buddy Ol' Pal,Coccain for the mind. ATTEMPT to be efficient. Automate the ♥♥♥♥ing world. Because God knows my♥♥♥♥♥♥is a tangled web of confusing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥arroni.
,Recommended,427520,21595987,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Lifndor,gud
76561198097755923,Recommended,427520,29992241,Posted: 17 February,all,NinjaTheDude,Worth well over your money!
,Recommended,427520,24608129,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SuperDank,"This game is SUPER fun but it has a MAJOR PROBLEM!!! I had to stop playing FACTORIO. It has a MAJOR BUG and the developers keep making it buggier!! They refuse to fix it.Every time I play FACTORIO it FORCES me to play for HOURS with TONS of enjoyment and as soon as I quit the game that's when the MAJOR BUG KICKS IN!! It makes me want to play it again and again and again and again....,,my brain and cheeks hurt,  you've been warned my friends!!!  :P"
76561198139237557,Recommended,427520,31474560,Posted: 30 April,all,jasonlarkin02,"Wait this is an early access gameI honestly thought this was a full game.Oh that explains the -4080$ next to my nameSection B-32 for this stellar early acces you must sign up for a 1$ a minute subscription If you hit accept you are an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who doesn't read EULA's you can avoid this fee by pressing decline and continue to play I guess you are realy excited If you played this at a friends house Well good luck paying this off, by the time you are reading this it probably cost more then your student loans."
,Recommended,427520,24698716,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,A is for Allah; the one tru god.,"Pirated this game, played for 100 hours+It should be renamed to Crack Cocaine."
76561198325026120,Recommended,427520,32827252,Posted: 26 June,all,Herocrafter,I bought this Game but i don´t like it can i somehow get bthe money back?
76561198144584547,Recommended,427520,23259764,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ridikhood123,i played 2 hours and got a refund because why wont boilers work on the steam engine and i did it right and why wont i fully power the lab but i still recomend
76561198018678113,Recommended,427520,22098588,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Spaghett,"Good game, but do not be fooled into thinking it is Multiplayer (It's not)."
,Recommended,427520,26709183,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PERGI STRIPCLUB,took me a full hour to figure out how to work trains than i realised theres a wiki and guides on literally everything on this gamei rate 11/10 would spend my life figuring out the game when ppl alr did it for me
,Recommended,427520,21657857,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Cluckster,This game removes all the tediousness of every survival game and makes the player and his factories self sustainable naturally.
,Recommended,427520,34247824,Posted: 14 August,all,Seabear,👍
76561198350556758,Recommended,427520,35163143,Posted: 23 September,all,trerri,got bored after 160 hours 0/10
,Recommended,427520,26237338,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Check M8,Literally the best micromanagement game that there ever has been.
,Recommended,427520,24197706,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JDFull,"Made a gun to protect myself, realised i didn't know how to use it just as the bugs came10/10 would get rekt by angry bugs again"
,Recommended,427520,32107148,Posted: 1 June,all,jesu16,robots are too complicated so makes the game bit boring
76561198254650476,Recommended,427520,25494540,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Arknestar,Best game.
,Recommended,427520,25498989,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PL4YR,"I can not stop playing this, great game for someone who is really into being picky and constantly refactoring whilst being attacked by aliens.10/10"
76561198221262648,Recommended,427520,21841142,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,a9e10n/apeion,duss eney noe what to play this GOD of a game wiff me??
,Recommended,427520,22969575,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,cg.,This is so good
,Recommended,427520,34157288,Posted: 10 August,all,zApachE | 4GB RAM,"This game is still under development, pleas don't f*ck this up devs, i've seen it way to often."
,Recommended,427520,22013911,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Tea2theBag,Great game. Worth a buy.
,Recommended,427520,24299025,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ShadowMang,"Kill the natives industrialize, as an American this game sits well with me"
,Recommended,427520,21513380,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LVL 99 Slime,micro management the game. 10/10 Great game no real combat but its not about the combat its about the management.
,Recommended,427520,21864968,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Stormtrooper Aim,IKEA building simulator 201610/10 -Recommended by environmentalists wordwide.
76561198093908162,Recommended,427520,24387714,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ShawnShepard,I must say the amount of game play and how much fun it solo or even multiplayer... and Even very good mod support. One of the best games i ever played.... 100/10 ores
76561197999409210,Recommended,427520,23473882,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,-=SOI=- Faren,Better than watching spider man naked.
76561198296119050,Recommended,427520,34018752,Posted: 4 August,all,NeverStopEatingPie (RL Trading),"Let me get this straight, you want me to tell you a review about this game? Whoever you are, you might as well go to the curators, because if you've come for a review on this game, you've come to the wrong place. However, if you have come for an outstanding chocolate chip cookie recipe, you've come to the right place.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ingredients1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar3/4 cup sugar2 large eggs1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips, or chunks2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour3/4 teaspoon baking soda1 teaspoon fine saltDirections1. Evenly position 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. (on convection setting if you have it.) Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone sheets. (If you only have 1 baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.)2. Put the butter in a microwave safe bowl, cover and microwave on medium power until melted. (Alternatively melt in a small saucepan.) Cool slightly. Whisk the sugars, eggs, butter and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth.3. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon; take care not to over mix. Stir in the chocolate chips or chunks.4. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough into balls. Space the cookies about 2-inches apart on the pans. Bake, until golden, but still soft in the center, 12 to 16 minutes, depending on how chewy or crunchy you like your cookies. Transfer hot cookies with a spatula to a rack to cool. Serve.5. Store cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 5 days.For a Rocky Road Bar:1. Lightly butter a 9 by 13-inch baking pan. Make the batter as per cookie recipe and fold in 1 cup chopped walnuts along with the chocolate chips. Spread batter in prepared pan. Bake until the edges are light brown and the batter sets, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly and cover surface with 4 cups marshmallows and 1 cup chocolate chips. Broil at least 8 inches from the heat until marshmallows turn golden brown, about 2 minutes. (Keep an eye on the marshmallows, and turn the pan frequently--they go from golden to char in a wink.) Cool, cut and serve."
76561198254684894,Recommended,427520,28107501,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,kinglioman,180 hours in and i still love this game!!buy it nowwwTHE KING HAS SPOKEN!!!
,Recommended,427520,31072941,Posted: 10 April,all,nick,"Factorio is a good game; furthermore, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good bamboozlement. You get to make some cool automated things in this game. Overall, I would give it 5 heil Hitlers out of 5."
76561198067063282,Recommended,427520,21503333,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Potatossf,One of the greatest games I have ever played. Nuff said
76561198095237708,Recommended,427520,31586585,Posted: 6 May,all,Morgun,Not as Good as Roblox but a good runner up
76561198040482424,Recommended,427520,21564470,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Chief Inspector Rucket,"12.7h on day one.  Never heard of this game till it came to steam.  Not great at this kind of game.  It's really well done though.  The campaign nudges you along in small doses untill you eventually become quicker and more productive at figuring out the means to an end, and there are MANY MANY MANY means to get to any end.Devs seem great from what i've seen, game is fun to play and has a great flow to it.  Tons of things to do.  Online.  Mods.  More patches to come until final build, and then probably many more after that.TL;DR:  This game is going places guys, its time to get on board the automated hype train."
76561197969893764,Recommended,427520,21552163,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Gomoto,Highly original and highly addictivevery deep10 out of 10
76561198042913113,Recommended,427520,21503646,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,caidicus,"This game has really helped me understand why so many companies are willing to F the environment for profit.Future be damned, building factories is fun!"
,Recommended,427520,21548005,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,James Lister,"How Toyota Became the World's Best Manufacturer?they played Factorio.- 14 Toyota(Factorio) Way Principles -Principle 1. Base your management decisions on a long-term philosophy,even at the expense of short-term financial goals.Principle 2. Create a continuous process flow to bring problems to the surface.Principle 3. Use “pull” systems to avoid overproduction.Principle 4. Level out the workload (heijunka).Principle 5. Build a culture of stopping to fix problems, to get quality rightthe first time.Principle 6. Standardized tasks and processes are the foundation for continuousimprovement and employee empowerment.Principle 7. Use visual control so no problems are hiddenPrinciple 8. Use only reliable, thoroughly tested technology that serves yourpeople and processesPrinciple 9. Grow leaders who thoroughly understand the work, live thephilosophy, and teach it to others.Principle 10. Develop exceptional people and teams who follow your company’sphilosophy.Principle 11. Respect your extended network of partners and suppliers bychallenging them and helping them improve.Principle 12. Go and see for yourself to thoroughly understand the situation(genchi genbutsu).Principle 13. Make decisions slowly by consensus, thoroughly consideringall options; implement decisions rapidly (nemawashi).Principle 14. Become a learning organization through relentless reflection(hansei) and continuous improvement (kaizen)."
76561198156040206,Recommended,427520,29270484,Posted: 15 January,all,The_Iziggy,This Games is...█▀█░ █░░░█░ █▀▀░ ▄▀▀▄░ ▄▀▀▀▄░ █▀▄▀█░ █▀▀█▀█░ █░█░█░ █▀░░ ▀▄▄▄░ █░░░█░ █░░░█░ █▀░█░█░ ▀▄▀▄▀░ █▄▄░ ▀▄▄▀░ ▀▄▄▄▀░ █░░░█░ █▄▄;)
,Recommended,427520,26035360,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ketchup,"I love this game, man. I love it. It's so addictive, fun and awesome in so many aspectsand I love the devs. Thank YOU guys, for creating this piece of masterwork.The satisfaction to solve problems and build your factory to be more efficient is so great.Though I wish there were alot of missions and challenges instead of achivement hunting as suggested by the devsthey had answered in another review.This is one of the very few games you could put DLC's on and noone would even question it.But even though, there is so much stuff to do, and I haven't even tried the multiplayer yet."
,Recommended,427520,21761039,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Udysseus,Just google Rokenbok. This game is a very complex version of that with enemies and resource gathering.
,Recommended,427520,29448875,Posted: 23 January,all,bolo,Wish I could automate writing this review
76561197992513801,Recommended,427520,24298217,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Grailer,"OMG its 4am in the morning and I need to sleep , this game is super addictive .Its like prison artitect and minecraft in one ."
76561198196241191,Recommended,427520,28871650,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,LINKDROID3000,░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄░░█░░░░░░█░░▄▄▄░░▄░░███░░█░░░░░░▄█░▄░░░▀▀▀░░░▄░█▄░░░░░░█░░▀█▀█▀█▀█▀█▀░░█░░░░░░▄██▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄██▄░░░This Is Sans. Copy And Paste Him So He Can Rule Steam                      awesome game i love it
,Recommended,427520,23407097,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Loothacks,"Very, very fun game and it is addictive as others have said. Check out the demo on the developer's website if you are unsure about buying. The demo has the first mission which is basically a tutorial and it will teach you the basics.https://www.factorio.com/demo/stable"
,Recommended,427520,30338402,Posted: 5 March,all,JoJo,work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work
,Recommended,427520,25139365,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,quirky bird,would be a literal 10/10 if it wasn't a copy of flappy bird other than that like maybe a 6.5/10
76561198286380078,Not Recommended,427520,26225324,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,jojojay.martin,"you cannot have smexy times with the npc's like in skyrim and fallout, and there are not any mods for it. ):"
,Recommended,427520,22534119,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gunnest663,"Amazing game, Amazing content, Amazing Factory buildingI give it 10/10 Factorys"
76561198308051479,Recommended,427520,29956791,Posted: 15 February,all,danieldowd00,░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█▐█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ LET DOGE TAKE OVER THE WORKSHOP░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌ COP AND PASTE▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓██████████
,Not Recommended,427520,35269878,Posted: 28 September,all,Eneregor,"The factory-building and logistics in this game is incredibly fun and complex. I know that for a lot of people, freedom in a complex sandbox is enough to keep them interested for many many hours, like Minecraft. However, I prefer games with more purpose than just making a big enough factory to launch a satellite. I wish there was more challenge to the game than just some bugs that attack your factory every once in a while, like some glorified tower defense game.Give us some enemy factories that build armies of robots to fight us and each other. Give us the ability to build our own droid army to control like an RTS and attack enemy factories. A living, breathing world would go a long way to giving this replayability. I beat it once and I have no desire to play anymore."
76561197999988718,Not Recommended,427520,23698379,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,BallsOfSteel,"This game will cause terrible eye-strain and is not worth playing without the mod called ""This game is so dark!"" It's a simple terrain texture mod that fixes the brightness levels of the terrain. Unfortuately, this mod has been buried by the development team for reasons unknown. But if you search for it on google, you can still find it.  Coming in at second place is the graphics mod called Wai_tex mod which provides acceptable object textures but does not touch the terrain at all. I wouldn't attempt playing without either of these mods.These two mods should have been implemented into the game in 2015 when the playerbase was requesting it. Unforunately the development team is absolutely refusing to integrate these mods providing nothing but excuses. Its a real face-slap to the community that supports the game."
76561198017599168,Not Recommended,427520,29440764,Posted: 23 January,all,SFF2000,"While clearly a popular and well made game, I have to say I didn't enjoy it after 40 hours (half of which I was probably AFK) and can't recommend it. This is a personal taste as I feel what the game does it does well but it just was not a game for myself.If I had to be critical, I felt a lack of motivation to complete the game when I saw it was just going to take time to complete the rocket. Half my game I spent waiting on research and while I could have ""optimized"" routes and my factory set up, I never felt a need to. The same for building robots or helpers. I just felt a lack of purpose for those items. Even the aliens never attacked me and I never felt threatened or pushed to really defend my base.And because I played single player, there were times where I felt there was so many ""little"" things to do that it didn't ""feel"" good to move on the next science research and felt more and more like a chore as the game progressed. This game probably would be better suited in a multiplayer setting where each person is given a task to do a certain objective, but it feels like a crutch to say that because the majority of games are always more fun with friends."
76561198003433135,Not Recommended,427520,29730568,Posted: 5 February,all,Automator,The game is about learning how it's played. Once you learn the basic gameplay there is nothing left to do and no reason to play again.I would recommend for a lower price.
,Not Recommended,427520,31214664,Posted: 18 April,all,Gwynbleidd,"Hey you!Stop looking at the negative reviews and buy this game.It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,427520,23253523,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SheepDog123,"OLD REVEIW:Fun game. however graphics are kind of bland and takes quite a bit to do some critical things.. Not worth the money! I do not reccomend this game!New Reveiw:Good gameplay, graphics are kinda cool after  the 0.15 update, but it still costs too much money :("
76561198080993332,Not Recommended,427520,25956537,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,gallowsRenegade,"It was a bit complicated starting out, my compact building style forced me to tear down half of my factory to rework conveyors for science production, friends weren't interested in doing multiplayer. Be sure to hit up a guide if you're a new player. Factorio is in no way a bad game, just not my cup of tea.7/10 crumbled under the weight of everythingness"
,Not Recommended,427520,34678433,Posted: 2 September,all,Ironlion45,"Was a great game.  However,now the interface seems broken.  Left mouse clicks do not work!"
76561197996121494,Not Recommended,427520,22292539,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Primo,"Yes, Factorio really is kinda wonderful like so many people say, especially in the very beginning. Putting your factory together feels very satisfying, and I think it must speak to the core of some human trait. We just love to make stuff go.The soundtrack and the lonely atmosphere in the game is also quite good and I fully understand people who compare the experience to being high. I felt it myself.So in essence I wouldn't actually discourage anyone from getting this game on a general basis, and this short review shouldn't be regarded as such. When I choose to click thumbs down, it's to make a point that I feel is left out by all those understandably intoxicated reviewers that has given it such a one sided score.This game is very simple in that it really only contains a single facet and that is working to automate your factory. There is a progression system of sorts, a hostile faction and some recource management, but they're all relatively inconsequentual. There really is no strategy, choices or fail states to speak of. It's all about putting together the puzzle that is your factory, and that puzzle really only has to be as complex as you want it to be.Those 40 hours that I have played, consists of a single first game where I started without any knowledge. Around the 20 hour mark, I saw/understood all of the game's components and since then it's only been a matter of finishing the job and get off the planet. I got here without ever having to re-load the game or be in a situation where I didn't fully control my destiny, and now the operations have started to feel a little bit like chores.So the game is still in development. But I have played many of these indie type management games and I honestly don't think it will ever go anywhere significant. The small dev will add pieces to the puzzle, re-structure and streamline some elements, but I seriously doubt that it will ever take on any added dimensions. What you see is basically what you get and what you get is a system where you tinker with a limited number of parts to automate a limited number of systems for a limited amount of time.If you're the kind of person that needs a game to be about something a little more than what I have described, you may find that the price tag is a tad too high for what it is: Somewhat skeletal. I think that if the game had been about 5-10 euros cheaper, I wouldn't have written this review."
,Not Recommended,427520,26724244,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,E1M9,"This game is great as well as addicting. However the price tag does not fit it. I do recommend this game, but it is WAY too expensive for what you're getting. Way way way way too expensive.-Edit-How is this still $20?"
,Not Recommended,427520,24981762,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ilovemuggins,"The game, for me, was fun to play and build complex structures and keep increasing production, but after a while it gets boring and seems like there's no real goal. You keep producing all these metals, just to build something that produces them faster. The combat itself is unbalanced, as once you get the combat shotgun every other weapon is obsolete, and the aliens/natives aren't any real threat.Overall, the game is lacking perpose, and would not recomend to people looking for a long-term game."
,Not Recommended,427520,26020484,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jmac,Fun system sort of game to play when high with friends ha
76561198030727571,Not Recommended,427520,30990012,Posted: 6 April,all,Gman,"I'm going to admit, I just don't get it.  It sucks you in quickly with the amazing complexity and during the scenario stages you see the start of how to put machines together to create amazing things.  But, it becomes a grind quickly.  Very quickly.  Fix this, fix that, increase this, structure machines that way, watch production levels, invent new stuff, don't have time to implement it, fight aliens, remove stuff to reposition (x100,000) it, and 1,000 hours later you will have a masterpiece that truly took intelligence/determination to build.  But, that's it.  It's kind of like Farmville except/expect you can play it 24 hours a day."
76561198132983982,Not Recommended,427520,32276647,Posted: 8 June,all,sue.buzzard,"received following error message:""error in assign ID, item-subgroup with name ""void"" does not existHELP!"
76561198068913569,Not Recommended,427520,33447955,Posted: 10 July,all,TopKekv,it gets boring easily.
,Not Recommended,427520,31904287,Posted: 22 May,all,jff,"I dislike this games RTS aspects too much to enjoy playing it. if you generally like RTS single player games, then this review will not help you. 1.5/5update: Installed beta version which seems to fix my main point of forced alien hunting, which was tedious. Also settings in map generating helps. Now whats left is a waiting game until I get enough science/resources/simoleans like it was with some older Sim City games. It is the way I am raised.Not for everybody. Somehow I got an idea that this would be more like a puzzle game instead of just a RTS with its own gimmick. I do not play those much. I seem to have at least 10 games on steam account you could mostly classify in the RTS genre. Of those only Homeworld games I've played to the end and enjoyed.After 20 hours of Factorio I started thinking of quitting the game. Not because it was too easy or too difficult, but because I feel like the game is going to be maybe 40 hours of more of the same, and I do not enjoy this kind of gameplay. If there is no AI enemy, then makers should carefully plan the enemy. Spawned mindless enemies work only if the game supports it entirely. Like really story driven shooters and such. I mentioned Homeworld, and it got the enemy right, even if it was scripted and nearly without AI.I am talking about single player gaming only, because some game types work better with multiplayer. I do not play RTS multiplayer games.I will try to ""fix"" the game by modding the enemy. Right now I'm thinking that I should just remove the enemy... But updating my review will have to result from the game itself instead of outside fixes or such.Since this game has such a good overall review I'd like to remind that the opinions are like dreams. Everybody has them but your own are so boring and lame that you should quit playing.edit2:Ok, maybe I was not clear enough... If I have to change the game to be able to play/enjoy it, then I am not reviewing the game. Instead I would be reviewing a mod, the games platform or some ideal behind the game. I could do that. Kind of did it with CK2 when my positive review started to go sour because DLCs started to make the game something different.But game as it is does want you to kill the 'enemies' and spend time with tower defence mechanics.Experimental beta version of the game allows you to fix this. Maybe you could look up how to use console commands to 'fix' things too, but it would not change anything that is the review of the game that is as sold and so presented.Hopefully the conclusion: I really like the trains and much of the automation too. That is why I actually nearly finished whole another campaign. But still in the end, I had seen almost everything there is after the initial 12-17 hours. Too much of the added hours seemed to be average rts and tower defence and I would imagine it would have been mostly just that if I had not restarted with my own rules and spend some time seaching for help how to fix the game. Instead of tedious pushing the space bar running around gaming, I spend hours building railways. Best parts of the game are reached by removing  the 'enemies', and that I think makes game possibly enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,427520,29461854,Posted: 24 January,all,Fringle,"It is not boss, Gebb was a liar."
,Not Recommended,427520,31059160,Posted: 10 April,all,Dynamite,"Overpriced timewaster!I would refund but to get a real idea of the game takes more than two hours. One of the few games i regret buying. Think carefully if you want to look hour after hour at some pixels.I would buy it after release if it is ever on sale for maybe 5€. Not more. But yes, Developers say they dont ever want it on sale.Oh and one important fact: There are many fanboys here on steam who downvote EVERY Review that is negative. They get mad if someone says something mean about their pixel ""factory""."
76561197980861829,Not Recommended,427520,29509302,Posted: 26 January,all,ZeratulR,"This game is a perfect chore simulator. No motivation, no complexity, no challenge, no sense of achievement, just work. Mindless, repetitive work in large quantities. First, you build an automated production system which brings together 2 items to produce the third one. Next, you build an automated production which uses that item you already produce and some other good or resources. After that the production systems expand to include more items... and that's the whole game. There is no opportunity to fail (except if you set the aliens to attack with sufficient intensity, I guess, but honestly this whole alien attack aspect of the game has nothing to do with the rest of the gameplay) and no reason to improve. If you do things in more... structured way, you can arrive at the final point of the game faster. But why would you want to arrive there at all?"
76561197970875686,Not Recommended,427520,28115758,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Draknar986,"I can't recommend this game.  I understand the appeal to many people, it's a great concept.  However, it's a game of exponential tedium.  Every little thing you want to do is a mountain of work, and then even when you *think* you have everything perfect, there's some random issue somewhere.  Usually you can eventually hunt down the problem...usually, but not always.  After the honeymoon period the game is just tedius and aggravating.Mods should help signifigantly, luckily there is a strong mod community, but I couldn't find anything that manipulated the core of the game... the core of smashing your face against the desk."
76561198083091472,Not Recommended,427520,29700546,Posted: 4 February,all,swordofzephyr,"To start off let me just say i'm not that technologicly inclined and i didn't even know some of the fancy phrases and acronyms before i picked this game up.I have been trying for litterally half a day now to set up a simple multiplayer session for my friend and me and there are so much ♥♥♥♥ing posts of the same problem on the internet with no one having a clue to what's the problem. I'm honestly surprised the devs didn't do something about it yet.How you managed to ♥♥♥♥ up such a simple concept of hosting a multiplayer session is beyond me.You complicated things to no end and i'm at the point of restraining myself from punching a hole through my monitor.""failed to determine external ip address. other players might not be able to connect"". This is what welcomes me whenever i try to host a server.Even the simplest games managed to achievewhat you, i assume a highly paid and highly educated team, could not. If you know 50% of your customers have this problem why didn't you make a simple tutorial or something?It's not that hard to do.i have half the mind to ask for my money back but since i lost waaay more than 2 hours trying to set up the goddamn game i can't."
,Not Recommended,427520,22690208,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Poid™,"Unfortuntely the developers have opted for a Peer to Peer system, I managed to set up a dedicated server by buying a second copy and hosting it on a machine  with plenty RAM, CPU and internet throughput.. but sadly the game still used peer upload /download speedsThis caused many issues when it came to friends attempting to join, we could never get more than 3 players to join sadly."
76561198097947351,Not Recommended,427520,23693134,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Fedini,This game is only fun if you are very creative. And im not good on that so i diden´t think it was so funny. So if you dont know building game so much dont start with this.
,Not Recommended,427520,34372013,Posted: 20 August,all,Reamiester,Boring buggy on my pc and repetitve and im deffo  getting refund
76561198082585456,Not Recommended,427520,25660708,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,sphynx719,"This game is like playing pinball. Once you win all you can do is beat your High Score, or in this case your fastest time to launch a rocket."
76561198078881438,Not Recommended,427520,23300204,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,xarvh,"It's fun and interesting at the beginning, but inexistent replayability.You solve the problem once, the rest is grind."
76561198094867934,Not Recommended,427520,30766827,Posted: 26 March,all,The Angry Pacifist,"I am marking this as a negative cause I view games based on communities and multiplayer.I loved the game singleplayer. However, it is an extreme pain to play it with someone who has already had experience playing it. I have played it with 8 different people and every time it would end up with someone sitting on the sideline as the other person building thier ""Master Factory"". Instead of co-op it would be one person having fun with the other person grinding materials.Now for those of you looking for a single player game, it is great. The mechanics of the game are very blocky but smooth when everything fits in place."
76561198068065416,Not Recommended,427520,34826331,Posted: 8 September,all,团队突破口歪歪爱抚,So many buys
76561198070390388,Not Recommended,427520,30412536,Posted: 9 March,all,razcrux,"The game is cool but the dificulty is totally off. It's extremly easy and if you try to tweak the map settings it is very hard to get it to be just the right dificultly without the challenging being a lack of resources or a large dead-zone of time where you have to wait for ages to research while doign nothing anymore before you can expand into the bug zones. Shame cause it has good potential but the free world aspect of the game is not well set up yet.It needs a simply option: easy, normal, hard, very hard. And someone needs to adjust the pacing and progression machination of those modes in free play so that the game is fair, fun and has the right tension. Instead you get mods and a smilion options to pick which means you have no guide rails and just spend horus on a map that isn't actually fun."
76561198282347847,Not Recommended,427520,26152064,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SpeedRacer302,its a pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥dont wast your money its shity
76561198037916461,Not Recommended,427520,25176660,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bobot,"It's like a blend of Minecraft and Simcity, but feels pointless. No real reward if you do things right, you just do them because."
76561198071033732,Not Recommended,427520,23766096,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cpt_Nickel,"I thought that the idea to factorio was great but the thing is it takes a very,very long time to actually learn how to play and build a succsesful factory. I also think that the graphics could be a bit improved. If you have enough  patience to do that well great but unfortunatly me and probably another batch of do no have that patience therefore I am not giving it a positive reveiwAlso 25 bucks CAD is a bit of a lot so wait til it goes on sale"
,Not Recommended,427520,24314474,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Talby,"A shallow Minecraft/Terraria like game, but based around tedious assembly line production rather than building structures and digging. Feels more like work than entertainment."
76561198017007730,Not Recommended,427520,33431601,Posted: 10 July,all,Borzak,"To say this has a paper thin story would not do it justice, that would be an insult to paper thin stories. If you like running around in circles for no particular reason this is the game for you."
76561198234591080,Not Recommended,427520,22736745,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SageFall,"kk so multiplayer system on this game..... uh while im not the geek squad or anything im decently tech savvy, and i know how to use google to look♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and yet i cant figure out why in gods ♥♥♥♥ing hell me and my friends cant play together, we get the ip addresses and ports and nothing works, we've each tried hosting and nothing works, it just keeps saying cant connect to server because it cant communicate with server. why the ♥♥♥♥ is this system so ♥♥♥♥ing complicated. like ♥♥♥♥. can anyone figure this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥out?"
,Not Recommended,427520,25951916,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Leonard McCoy,"I ended up refunding Factorio because I found there to be not enough content warranting the price. The experience is also hugely unpolished, which doesn't come as a huge surprise since it's Early Access after all.Factorio has been in development for over four years, and at some point you've got to ask when it will ever get completed. According to the store page, the developer aims for a 2017 release, but that's entirely unlikely given the slow pace in which the game has received iterations (they're at version 0.2x at the moment).I'd like to try Factorio again once it's completed and out of Early Access. Until then I'll wait for a full campaign, proper multiplayer, and a proper UI as well as proper controls."
76561198106702527,Not Recommended,427520,23121129,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Robbie ADS,Can't get it to work on mac
,Not Recommended,427520,23186742,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Sanduru,The ending for the game is really salty
76561198031029870,Not Recommended,427520,23395465,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,seann999,Can't easily connect in multiplayer.
76561198165549703,Not Recommended,427520,33485425,Posted: 12 July,all,homemade26,I cant git 0.15 );
,Not Recommended,427520,33464013,Posted: 11 July,all,Banana,"boring, takes too long."
,Not Recommended,427520,30065662,Posted: 20 February,all,Rastafarian Targaryen,"I can understand why some people would like this game, but it isn't that interesting to me. To put it shortly, it's a grind fest but instead of doing the grinding yourself, you automate the grinding. I did find killing worms enjoyable, but it is pretty difficult to get suited up to take them on."
76561198113059233,Not Recommended,427520,23519819,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FurgieCat,"The multi-player sucks and needs 3rd party downloads to work and its just too slow, it takes forever to actully get things automated, which is the point of the game.Not only that, but I did get a ''Steam Key'' from the creators since I was one of the beta testers and because I simply couldnt find in in my inbox, I needed to spend another £15 on it :/Luckly I got a refund so I didnt waste more money..."
76561198027604437,Not Recommended,427520,24568691,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Full Service Good Boy,"A certain kind of person will love this game, but make no mistake, Factorio is super tedious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It is not releaxing. It is not intuitive. It's mostly annoying."
76561198309216492,Not Recommended,427520,28743578,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,darthlink,fun for a bit. i had a hard time staying with it though.
76561198098589371,Not Recommended,427520,23412040,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Chara,"This game will not run on my computer it will just show a audio box with black words that I can't even read, I cannot play this game I  don't suggest buying this game if you have acer laptop with windows 64.bit  because It will not runn."
76561198298197699,Not Recommended,427520,24781890,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,dragons2606,Its not working... It just wont let me play... like all my games... so theres nothing to pla - (Snaps own neck)
,Not Recommended,427520,24399796,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,kghosty,didn't like it
76561198403643795,Not Recommended,427520,34135822,Posted: 9 August,all,pied_pooper52,>:(
,Not Recommended,427520,22970273,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,i just can't get into the game
76561198104062912,Not Recommended,427520,31382618,Posted: 26 April,all,michaellark83,"I like the game its a great way to kill some time at work, however I do NOT like the most recent update. The .15 update is to cartoonish for my tastes."
,Not Recommended,427520,23986427,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Duncoup,nEVER GOT PAST THE TUTORIAL
76561198160792722,Not Recommended,427520,25168572,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Anno,It is a great game. If it didn't have so many bugs. There are even bugs that the devs deny existing.it isn't playable in this state and with al this denying.
76561198077255773,Not Recommended,427520,29678274,Posted: 3 February,all,Asutoro,My friend got a stolen key from♥♥♥♥♥com this is some how yoru problem
76561197995568550,Not Recommended,427520,28213708,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,The Muffin Man,Purchased the product just to play with my friend. Multiplayer is extremely hard and impossible (we tried for 3-4 hours) to set up with friends playing. I'm sure the game is fun and all but without my friends I don't want to play this game. Long story short. Returned the game. (Thank you Steam) and will wait until it is a finished product to try again. Thank you.
76561198038470666,Not Recommended,427520,23281703,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gutted Swine,"absolutely zero tutorial so youre walking around clicking on random♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesnt do anything, worthless game, glad im getting a refund."
76561198013586186,Not Recommended,427520,31048711,Posted: 9 April,all,Yuri Kalashnikov,"This unfinished game looks just like a good idea, but it is extremely cahotic and the interface has no sense at all. Such a complex game would be nice to play if you could manage it like you manage an RTS or  like simcity, instead of having to walk with a character having to click one by one everything you want to destroy or build. This is important because to play decently, you'll have to destroy and rebuild many many things everytime you discover a new technology or you have to change a little what you want to produce."
,Not Recommended,427520,25389053,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ben,"Campaign is impossible after the first hour, impossible to build defenses so you just die instantly."
76561197964966379,Not Recommended,427520,23200387,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,marco.roc,"DO NOT BUY IT, I REPEAT DO NOT BUY IT.It is more addictive than crack!Otherwise, prepare to spend at least 100 hours on the best strategic/logistic/sandbox game ever created.Simple, elegant and utterly rewarding."
,Not Recommended,427520,22831113,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,H3X,Don't bother playing unless you're ready to dedicate days of time to learning the basic aspects of the game. Huge difficulty curve.
,Not Recommended,427520,29961603,Posted: 16 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,Hello HyphenSam
76561198020963846,Not Recommended,427520,31487386,Posted: 1 May,all,max,It's 2017 and they're not able to let you know how to host a game for your friends and you.
,Not Recommended,427520,31070672,Posted: 10 April,all,Kim Jong Own,I can't believe this game forced me to make yet another pointless account.
76561198035013771,Not Recommended,427520,28264637,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,vicarator_12,"How dare you create the worst most unclimactic ending in any videogame I've ever played.  My friend and I spent so many days working to finish the rocket silo and the satellite.  After completing everything we set up for a huge horde to come after us so we built 100's of laser turretts just to be devestated as we realized that after the rocket was complete the game just ends.How dare youHow dare you create such a good game and have the worlds ♥♥♥♥♥iest ending, I'm going to ask for a refund not because I know it'll work, but instead because you've taken a literal♥♥♥♥♥♥on me.You cruel cruel game designers."
76561198310603104,Not Recommended,427520,31533310,Posted: 3 May,all,salmonella poisoning,terrible. im having to many problems with trying to make an account.
76561198321032338,Not Recommended,427520,31072574,Posted: 10 April,all,Arthur,It wont let me log into my Factorio account
76561198033081723,Not Recommended,427520,26435989,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,fortheloveofred,"Was quite addicting until this recent update of .14. Now it wont run says ""Error in assignID, technology with name 'tanks' does not exist."" and shuts it down everytime. would love to play again. I hope they fix this soon."
,Not Recommended,427520,33943572,Posted: 1 August,all,seventy four point two,other than the fact that the game well uhhhyou knowdoesnt uhhhwellIT DOESNT ♥♥♥♥ING LAUNCHfix that and other than that its great
76561198036310925,Not Recommended,427520,34695719,Posted: 2 September,all,OneOhOne,"it's basically minecraft but more tedious and with less things to do.  also one entire dimension less.  people say it has a lot more depth than minecraft, but once you've wired one base setup, you've wired them all.it's an ok game though, but it doesn't have enough variation or content to keep me into it."
,Not Recommended,427520,32053114,Posted: 29 May,all,General Zimpok,Just not my cup of tea. I guess I'm too used to Starcraft.
76561198144108132,Not Recommended,427520,34695385,Posted: 2 September,all,Clint Eastwood,"Oh look this game must be good, its got 98% positive reviews.Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ seems I wasted my time. You go about placing mining♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game world that looks more drab than the brown sky of fallout 3 and play the game untill the game plays for you.My main man Adolph claims to have got 99% votes yes in the annexation of Austria but we all know how that ended, dont let the reviews fool you. Play it for less than 2 hours and be sure you like it before passing the point of no return."
,Not Recommended,427520,31612065,Posted: 7 May,all,Maikulole,"Unplayable in Multiplayer, constant ""Server Not Responding"". Multiplayer was the reason we bought it, refunded.Would absolutly not recommend"
,Not Recommended,427520,31318719,Posted: 23 April,all,Vermilion Wlad,Cookie Clicker with conveyor belts.
,Not Recommended,427520,34095299,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"This game looks neat, until you find out it's more like tedious work than creative engineering."
76561198022105493,Not Recommended,427520,32701304,Posted: 23 June,all,atomicflx,"Its an ok game but their attitude to customers is abysmal. I will not sign up for yet another stupid account just to use mods. I am a legal owner of the game, I bought it through steam and I don’t need any more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ accounts with bad IT security and yet another login and password to remember from every idiot that sells a game on steam."
76561198246387270,Not Recommended,427520,22622665,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Caucasian Asian,i liked it for 9hrs and 59minutes then i got boared and called it quits
76561197961578109,Not Recommended,427520,21550824,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lameness,"tl; dr:Factorio is a sandbox game without goal, interesting challenges or choices, where you automate everything except for the building – that takes some research and play time, because you can do that too. You mine absurd amounts of resources in no time, have no time pressure, have practically limitless flat (!) building space and pushover aliens with barely any AI that simply charge at you.. until they die in the fiery beams of your laser turrets! Or gun turrets.. Or you drive them over with your tank, because it's more effective and faster than shooting them...I can't recommend the game, because the core gameplay loop feels incredibly unsatisfying and monotonous. It is more like work than it is fun. In the following paragraphs I'll try to point out what exactly I don't like, which games do what aspects better and how.* discussed version: Vanilla, v. 0.12.24, Feb. 2016* games I enjoy, which I'll compare to: (Open) Transport Tycoon Deluxe, Infinifactory and SpaceChem, Minecraft, Terraria, Kerbal Space Program, Sim City 4; board games such as Agricola* games I wished I could like more, but suffer similar problems as Factorio: Don't Starve, Banished, Cities: Skylines, Prison ArchitectCore gameplay loop and it's problemsThe core game play of Factorio is about putting down mines, conveyor belts and factories in a flat 2D space. Add some grappling robots that put stuff in and out of the factory and you're done. Your ultimate goal is to mine and convert a massive amount of stuff to eventually 'launch a rocket', which you do by repeating above steps ad infinitum.. From time to time the local aliens think that the pollution of your factories annoys them and attack you, however in vanilla Factorio, they don't pose any real threat at all. The aliens could be removed without you noticing a difference. The game gives you plenty of resources, plenty of space, plenty of time and minor choices which don't really matter, because you have plenty of the former.Conveyor Puzzles in cramped spaces: SpaceChem and InfinifactoryNow games about conveyor belts and factory designing have been done before: SpaceChem (2D) and Infinifactory (3D) come into my mind. What do these two do better? Limited space and limited tools! You have to overcome the challenge of getting stuff from A to B, possibly transforming it (and thus making it bigger/harder to transport!), in a cramped space with a limited set of tools – which are all (!) interesting and essential to solving the puzzle in the most time efficient (or space efficient!) way. The games contain a lot of trial and error, because the machine's synchrony is essential for them to work (and not crash). In SpaceChem (and it's predecessor), this results in satisfying 'clockwork' factories that are tough to design and satisfying to watch.Now Factorio obviously lacks the 3rd dimension. However, everything you transport has exactly the same small size – transporting it is no challenge. Even worse: If your supply is bigger than your demand and you fail to synchronize,.. nothing happens. It simply doesn't matter.Hills and Valley – and neither money, nor time! Sim City 4, (Open) Transport Tycoon DeluxeSpeaking of the lack of 3rd dimension: The infinite amount of flat space makes designing factories boring. Compare this to Sim City 4 or OTTD. The later is a game about transporting good (usually by train) from A to B, through hilly landscapes, with limited amount of money (= resources). Now add multiplayer and you have limited time as well – you better make sure you recognize business opportunities quickly and build as time efficiently as possible. I fondly remember the 3 months of competitive multiplayer OTTD I had a few years back!So, why doesn't Factorio have hills or the like to limit space? Why does it, in free play, have practically infinite resources, even if you try to reduce them?The king wants taxes AGAIN? Agricola, World without EndThe lack of limitations in space, resources (money) and time ultimately made me realize that whatever choices I make.. they are actually pretty pointless and boring. And then I noticed that the game doesn't have a proper goal. You can do whatever you want whenever you want. No good board game (e.g. Agricola, World without End) does that – many of them live of “You want to do everything.. but you can't! Make your choice, and do so carefully, because you will have to pay X amount of resources every N turns”- and they end before you have 'everything' and choices become trivial.Combat challenge!.. or the lack of: Terraria, MinecSo, why am I doing all this? Well, it's not for combat. The combat is bland and boring (though the HE tank shells sound satisfying!), so there is not the 'survival' experience of Terraria behind it. So Factorio is more Minecrafty: No goal, no challenge.. except.. Minecraft actually limits resources as well (and space to some degree)! And it's map generator produces maps that are actually very enjoyable to look at and fun to explore.So, Factorio does not have interesting combat (or interaction with the world), mechanical / intellectual challenges nor interesting exploration... does it have socialization? Eh, multiplayer doesn't make the monotonous work much better.Doing interesting, thematic goals in sandbox games: Kerbal Space ProgramAs a last aspect, lets talk about goals. The sandbox that surprised me most was Kerbal Space Program. I don't generally like sandboxes without goals.. except that I noticed that KSP actually has logical goals (and reminds the player by its mission system)! Well, first get off the ground and into space.. then into orbit.. then on the Mun... and then to another planet.. And after I did all this with trial and error (including the explosive fun of failure), I did so again, but this time using science to actually plan the missions properly. And the ways you can fail in KSP are plenty... and the things you can learn about orbital mechanics are plenty too. It's a challenge!Factorio and the safe bubble of monotonous boredomBut there is no way to fail in Factorio.. except when you die of boredom. Which I do. I wished I wouldn't, I wished I could like the game.. but I think I can't. In Factorio you quickly reach a point where you are 'invincible', 'safe' and 'rich' – and this, design-wise, is a very very bad state! The game just doesn't have enough mechanics that cause interesting situations.. that throw a wrench in your plans.. that causes the player to wake up and forces him/her to interact with the game and actually solve interesting problems... to make tough choices, instead of doing 'everything and whenever I feel like it.. and if I don't remember it, it doesn't matter either'.My most positive Factorio experience? When me and friend had our factory overrun, we both died and barely 'survived' with an almost empty gun turret behind us – and plenty of enemy colonies around us. Now THAT was an interesting situation to recover from. Sadly, it didn't take long to end up in the 'safe bubble of boredom' again.An ideaSo hey, talking about paying annoying taxes: How about being forced to feed stasis-trapped colonists on a crashed colony ship? You better make sure you do so quickly (time!) and provide enough food, water and air (resources!), or they'll start dying – and it will be your fault for failing to safe them. But.. what if you can't safe them all? Which pods will you turn off, which ones will you protect to the bitter end? What if the pods are scattered all over the landscape and you actually have to find (Radar/Exploration!) and safe them first? Out of the middle of some alien nests? All that, while the rest of your base is under constant siege of the locals and you don't feel really comfortable to leave it? (tough choice)I think that would be possibly in Factorio.. and it would probably be fun."
76561198073246253,Not Recommended,427520,34107387,Posted: 8 August,all,[DOF] Didier,The mods are near essential to play the game yet a hassle to get to when steam workshop would so much easier all around.
,Not Recommended,427520,31462183,Posted: 30 April,all,Lazyjack,"Hello fellow recommendations reader,if you are looking for an answer to the question whether you should buy it or not, just dontThis game might be awesome, but im sure ill never find out, because the controls of this game are stupidly bad.I played Gnomoria for hundreds of hours and that game wasnt known for a sophisticated way of handling user input.But this is abyssmal. it is so absurdly slow unintuitive and sometimes plain stupidI have no grudge against any of the makers of this game, they probably tried their best.TLDR: if you skipped the fanboys appraisal to read a non positive comment, dont buy this piece of garbage"
,Not Recommended,427520,22570386,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ben,I just didnt get it tbh
,Not Recommended,427520,32355896,Posted: 11 June,all,RAMBO,"The game has an interesting concept and some really good graphics. Where it really suffers is in the gui. Way too many controls for things that should be more intuitive. For example, to put something down, you need to select the item, select a place for it and then put it there. Also, collecting resources is a multi-stepped process that is just too unwieldy. As an example -  First you need to build precurser items to create a mining machine. Then you need to build a conveyor belt to move the material away from the mining machine, then it needs a device to remove it from the conveyor belt, then it needs to have a collection container for the material to be put into. Each of these items needs to be fed a constant supply of fuel (which also needs to be mined by the way) to keep each of them running. Each step is managed by a process that takes way too many control inputs /keystrokes to accomplish. This is just too much and needs needs to be cleaned up. But by far the worst thing is the difficuty. Attention developers.......You really cannot have the tutorial be an unsurviveable level! You just barely learn to cut down a tree when you are attacked by swarms of giant crawfish - yes, this is in the tutorial! - and they reccommend building a machine gun with stuff that you havn't even gotten close to learning about yet. If you want to devote enormous time and effort, and seemingly infinite respawns, to suffer thrugh a very poorly designed learning curve, then you are rewarded with an experience that can be extremely immersive and interesting, but few will suffer through the painful and tedious learning process.I really hope the developers clean up some of these issues as Factorio has enormous promise as a really good game, just not yet."
76561198031032818,Not Recommended,427520,25638641,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ez1,"I was looking for something new and fun to play in the strategy section. Came across this: ""Overwhelmingly positive"" it said. No, screamed, actually.Huh? Really? Did anyone actually PLAY this game?I did. Well, I tried to, twice. Nearly fell asleep the second time, and requested a Steam refund the next day.Just what IS this game? Well, it looks and plays like an MS-DOS, 8-bit version of 'Supply-Chain Maniac,' but actually I suspect it is actually a port of the first-gen, Nintendo-DS version of that fabled strategy gem, 'Run Around and Collect Stuff to Build Stuff to Build other Stuff to Build yet more Stuff.""Pooh.In a word, Factorio is tedious, repetitive, and has such archaic game mechanics that it is masochistic to even play it. It can't even support larger monitor resolutions or keybindings, and it doesn't even have a soundtrack. You can buy that as a DLC, but it won't integrate into the game; you have to play it in your music player and just imagine the two sync.If you want a vastly better game, buy Railroad Tycoon 2, which has the same level of graphics and much better gameplay -- and even has a soundtrack, hokey as it is -- and came out over 18 years ago. You may need an emulator to play it, but once you get it up and running, it will look and play better than this ""game."""
,Not Recommended,427520,22711184,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Aligack ߷,Played the game 5 minutes it felt like 5 minutes -_-
,Not Recommended,427520,35003518,Posted: 16 September,all,Positive Mental Attitude,I just review negative because i actually enjoyed the game for a few hours but in the end its good gaem.please upvote
76561198148001296,Not Recommended,427520,32402950,Posted: 13 June,all,adherentx,The control is very buggy. I tried the starter campaign. But I could not move by WSAD when I was told to do so. So frustrating. Am I the only person in the world that has this problem?
,Not Recommended,427520,28335885,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Systemic Welfare Race,Bought game and created an account and it tells me id already paired...pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid
76561198095056252,Not Recommended,427520,22348778,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Strauss,"I started the game with intense anticipation. To my disapointment, the loading bar stuck at 10%. This was followed by an error message asking me to post the content of the log file on the factorio forum. I did so. While I didn't expect the lads working on factorio to fix the problem immediately, the fact still remains that I can't play the game on my mac. It is for this reason that im giving this game a negative review."
76561198109317992,Not Recommended,427520,29930602,Posted: 14 February,all,Boglore,Not worth 20$
,Not Recommended,427520,22688143,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Owl,"THIS GAME IS SOOO BAD ♥♥♥♥ING RIPOFF THEY CHARGE YOU 20€? THIS GAME SHOULD BE PRICED 19,99€ AND THEN I'LL RECONSIDER THIS REVIEW"
,Not Recommended,427520,33408259,Posted: 9 July,all,The Legendaire,"I regret buying this crap. There is no motivation to keep going. You can stop anytime you want. I just setup my research labs and that was it. everything was automated and I was left wondering ""Should I really play more? To what end?Gosh. I wasted 2 hours just figuring the basic things expecting some things bigger and meaningful will come ahead.Will never forgive this misleading game for it. Give back my money u greedy devs."
76561198050686463,Not Recommended,427520,32550538,Posted: 18 June,all,ischtarMeridiam,"At the moment not recommended.Not moving forwards, got complex to even install or be informed which version is up to date, delayed and delayed.Graphics are at the level of a dos game which should make everybody wonder were millions get sunk.While it is still enjoyable to play, it got to stressfull, and since it could be played as early access game it is more than strange, depressing and incompetent, to not keep it running."
76561198137228154,Not Recommended,427520,28573213,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cerxion,"I have two things to say and two things alone. One, the game has glorious potential and plays wonderfully. Two, that potential gets thrown out the window when the graphics, texts, icons, sprites, and  the entire world are broken. You can't play a game when you can't see what you're doing."
,Not Recommended,427520,33316015,Posted: 6 July,all,IMZODUSS,"Its gets boring after a while, don't get it, this game is worth like $10 definitly not $20"
,Not Recommended,427520,29145307,Posted: 9 January,all,yify,Confusing.
76561198055465585,Not Recommended,427520,25667257,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,M A N U   S Q U A D,lit fam
,Not Recommended,427520,31758413,Posted: 14 May,all,Fernando,I am giving this a negative review because 0.15 was not released earlier. Buy this game.
76561198135727785,Not Recommended,427520,28871790,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mr.America,"the crafting tree is too complicated and deep, unlike the videos promised."
76561198006536283,Not Recommended,427520,29098919,Posted: 7 January,all,Nostradonus,"Beat it now its boring, much better ways to spend this amount of money.  Steam service is horrid anyway."
76561198026838635,Not Recommended,427520,22082959,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Flap Flap Donkey,"First of all: I certainly had fun with this game. It offers enough for dozens of hours, which for that price is really good.Factorio is best described as ""Minecraft in 2d, where redstone is used in the first hour of gametime"". Why?Factorio is based on the urge to optimize a production system. Transport belts, robotic arms and rails are waiting for you to arrange them most efficiently on a basically infinitly big map. You can mine resources by hand, too, but that's hard work easily automatable. But as the resources aren't infinitely available, you'll have to expand and/or find another place to build a base.The only real enemy are aliens that attack you more often as you create more pollution, thus if your base gets bigger. However, the isometric perspective and the poor combat system isn't worth bothering imho, for you can easily defend your base with some turrets.So what's the content: Some items/resources, refine them, get something out of it. Mainly science points to get new technologies. If you like the combat (I don't), you can also go and fight aliens (consisting of walking around and holding space, it's really not great).And that's the problem I have with this game: Most of the items are utterly useless and/or serve one simple cause: Science. After grinding science, you can get a rocket silo to start a satellite that lets your fleet know where to pick you up (or something).I'd really like to say that is game was great, but it isn't. The point of doing it all isn't evident, and while you can set the map to many properties (whether you can deplete resources, how big the map shall be and many more), I don't seem to get the point of this game. It's moddable and it's still in early access, and it runs smoothly, so technically it's better than ok and it can still be expanded, but it seems to me rather like a modding platform than a full-grown game.I can't see the idea behind it. Is the point to rush the rocket silo as fast as possible? Is it to be creative? Is it to murder everything?Minecraft offers a 3rd dimension. In small spaces it's still tidious, but try doing something in factorio. You need so much space for most production chains that you start asking yourself how you can even keep the overview (you can't).The worst things by far (imho) are the trains. They're very prominently placed, yet automating them is a pain. I've played 100h+ of Simutrans (great game btw, take a look, it's free), where the main goal is to make train lines and I've never had any problems. Here, it's a mess. Pathfinding of the trains is ridiculous, the signals do more or less, what they want and building rails is a pain in the a** as soon as you try to go through a forest. Same goes for cars: I've never had to cross distances a) long enough and b) without these [omitted] trees. As soon as you bump into them, the car gets to a full stop - and because you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥because of the isometric perspective, you'll bump into them a whole lot -> I rarely use cars.Against aliens, I've destroyed most of their bases by basecrawling into them - the handguns aren't good enough and using tanks requires huge production lines and supplies of fuel and ammo - basecrawling with laser turrets does only require fairly cheap turrets and really cheap electricity poles.*Sigh*What should I say? It's not a bad game, but compared to minecraft, it's not enough of a game yet. It feels flat. The whole science stuff's only purpose is to stretch the game as you want to see it all, but nothing more. In multiplayer, it might be fun to have multiple bases, but even then it doesn't offer enough. Minecraft's redstone isn't minecraft's main part, but it exends the game to build huge fortresses. Here, the ""redstone"" (or technology in general) is the main part, but it's not enough to make for a full game.I can't say what would make it better, but I'm sure that with more macro- and less micromanaging (cutting trees one by one isn't fun), it could be better. Maybe with real armies, it could be better. Maybe with things that make it worth exploring, it could be better.But as it is, I can't really recommend this game. Minecraft offers so much more for roughly the same price, and if you want to be creative, this game isn't for you really: The optimal ways of doing things are too narrow.It's simply not enough content: You're supposed to imagine your own content, your own story, your own plans.Maybe it just needs some more work.TL:DR:+ Engineering+ Sandbox+ Optimization-Addiction+ Better-than-average engine- Train systems broken- Not enough content- Basically afk-able for half of the time- No 3rd dimension (for a game of this kind, this really would have been nice if you have WASD controls)I'd really the way the devs are working on this, and I'm happy to see a game that's actually not scamming with it's ""Early Access""-title. However, we see a game that's not really a game yet (or just extremly simple), and even though I'd like to assume the devs continue expanding this game A WHOLE LOT (for it needs it), I can't help doubting it - Early Access still leaves paths open.Conclusion:At this point, I can't recommend this game and it's certainly not worth the hype, but it looks promising. If you're already familiar with these build-up games and have seen to many of them already, you'll get bored pretty quickly.If you like these kinds of games, give Factorio a try - it's not a bad game.But if you just saw the good reviews or the mainly positive Steam reviews, keep in mind that Factorio offers close to nothing contentwise - and I doubt that Factorio will be sellable at a much higher price than 20 bucks even in the future, so you should consider waiting for the final game to come out and read some reviews then."
,Not Recommended,427520,33796769,Posted: 25 July,all,DaddyShanks,game is not fun its more like a job. do not buy.
76561198098078973,Not Recommended,427520,28441002,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,gurneywars,I can't find the instruction book to play game.  I am stuck at beginning.  Everything I hit just shows a stat and does absolutely nothing.  At this point wasted 20 bucks.
,Not Recommended,427520,22539079,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheLordDerbrain,"This game is absolutely horrible, this isnt worth 15 quid whatsoever, don't waste your money"
76561198202525042,Not Recommended,427520,26342462,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mexican Cactus,I HATE IT SO MUCH you only have 3 auto saves and a manual save i lost all my progres because of it if u have game rage DONT play if u play in a different world for 1:00 all your progres is gone
76561198082335349,Not Recommended,427520,26301784,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,trayvon fartin,this game is for ♥♥♥♥ing nerds
,Not Recommended,427520,33424502,Posted: 10 July,all,mojse,wasnt fun
76561198089140551,Not Recommended,427520,29674881,Posted: 3 February,all,blitzkid,This game sucks....waste of money (hate my friends who told me to buy this crap)
76561198120432363,Not Recommended,427520,33753760,Posted: 23 July,all,CrankyPenguin,dirty meat locker
76561198019102564,Not Recommended,427520,29297999,Posted: 16 January,all,"IT'S BRITNEY, BITCH",Dev:  - lets give the people a multiplayer function even though its still early accessInner dev to dev:  - Make it filled with problems so it doesnt work and dont fix it for years
76561197969673478,Not Recommended,427520,33186685,Posted: 3 July,all,Swass,"Protest review for a good game with a community that supports a ""no sale"" policy. If you don't want to put your product on sale, don't come to Steam."
76561198089978513,Not Recommended,427520,29596332,Posted: 30 January,all,Eethal,This game is for ♥♥♥♥♥es named Terry.
,Not Recommended,427520,30703346,Posted: 24 March,all,Creepy Pastore 🐾 -KRBT-,good game
76561198044273447,Not Recommended,427520,32761855,Posted: 25 June,all,oxen666,worth a dollar.
,Not Recommended,427520,29999358,Posted: 17 February,all,Konron,"It ♥♥♥♥ing sucked. I tried stroking the big un' to make it happy but it just shot it's load all over me. Didn't even buy me dinner first. 0/10(Side note before the serious section of the review, I tested out the game on my friends account so dont go throwing a tantrum that I didn't play enough to experience it.)In all seriousness, it's a decent game, for a select group, but I just can't help but find it boring and meaningless. I can't just play a game like this and hold onto it, the gameplay isn't whatsoever near riveting and the plot is practically non-existent. But not everyone goes to games for huge things and graphical and design wonders that you can just sit and marvel at, or hands on kinda gameplay with intense satisfaction by other means, some people find satisfaction in this. I just personally can't find any sort of beauty in this game that appeals to me. If you like games where you build up to a point and can just let your machines do whatever, go head and try out the demo and see if you like it. And as much as the people who are die-hard for these type of games might not like me giving a joking approach to not liking the game, it's a niche game which is exactly why you can't blame other people for not liking it."
76561198043310988,Not Recommended,427520,28698949,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Scooty Booty Man,"Steam engines dont all have a synchronized animation, 0/10."
76561197960476483,Not Recommended,427520,34001530,Posted: 3 August,all,Cocklesmack,over rated
,Not Recommended,427520,33448306,Posted: 10 July,all,Quis,Great game.Negative review is for the lack of:-Electric Long Fast Inserters-Automatic Fisher-Electric Boiler
,Not Recommended,427520,30809266,Posted: 29 March,all,Paul Atreides,bad
,Not Recommended,427520,22113537,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sanic! At the Disco,"This game is fantastic, but a major flax is that on mac, a white bar appears at the top of the game. This is a wide issue, but nothing is done about it. I have to switch to my windows partition to play, which is a huge drag. Also, the graphics get very pixellated up close."
,Not Recommended,427520,31862508,Posted: 20 May,all,Bon Grizzle™,"Hmmmm.. Should have just called this game Stomping Land 2 huh? Coz devs have already abandoned you.. they have.. hmmm? whats that? They have. They are all sat in their mansions banging hookers and drinking bourbon while we sit here waiting like the idiots we are. Oh whats that? The game is full of hackers? Wow the amount of times I have won and it says ""You Lose"" is unreal. I joined a game yesterday and this hacker joined and started flying around the map throwing grenades everywhere and then I killed him coz I am obviously better than him and then I died and it said he killed me but he didnt, mhhm no he didnt I won bad game. There is a glitch too where you can fall through the map and the game hacks you out and takes all your items and deletes your save file. Save your money this game is very bad and is not going to get any better, the devs are waking up everyday laughing at us really badly. 0/10"
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,427520,22166138,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,matt1184,"I recommend games that teach you what to do organically so the game doesn't have to deal with an experience that doesn't make sense, or is too overwhelming.  Well, this game, falls in the former category.  There is a mountain to do, but no tutorial after a few simple steps.  What direction do I need to have my belts?  What insertor do I need?  While these may be fun questions to answer, they aren't.  I spent almost an hour just looking at the screen trying to consider what at all was possible.  This isn't the way games should be.  By the way, I am an engineer."
,Not Recommended,427520,34889214,Posted: 11 September,all,SlightlyMadman,The developer of this game defends racists.
,Not Recommended,427520,33920107,Posted: 30 July,all,BATTLEB0NG,yeah the steam engines are way too stupid to set up and i cant refund it because i spent four hours ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561197963287846,Not Recommended,427520,22128590,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,El Patrón,"Bought it to play multiplayer with a friend, but little did we know it's designed only for LAN. After 4 years in development and living in 2016 we should be able to expect more"
76561198057921721,Not Recommended,427520,22254025,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,금발군,"Steam don't refund only this ♥♥♥♥ing game.Before I refunded once, I played it for 4 hours.But Steam refunded it for me.Then why not this?♥♥♥♥ you Factorio, ♥♥♥♥ you Steam."
,Not Recommended,427520,22276851,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bits360,"Unplayable,Keybindings are so jumbled that you never can play, unless you are good at games like ksp."
76561198097726153,Not Recommended,427520,33490425,Posted: 12 July,all,Lord ZongaZonga,"I wanted to be negative just because no one else is, but it's a good game"
,Not Recommended,427520,21559463,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"NOTE: This Review MAY be subject to change within the next week or so. I am yet to evaluable if things have been worked out properly at the forums or not, and I have plenty to do right now.It is with an immense sadness that I conclude that this game, that currently looks so good, will suffer a fate worse than death in the upcoming months. It won't look like♥♥♥♥♥♥now, but it will turn to♥♥♥♥♥♥very soon.The reason is called ""feature creep"". (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feature_creep)...but it's worse, because the feature creep is fueled by two corrupt moderators in the Factorio forum (named ""ssilk"" and ""Klonan"") who censor and silence any dissent with proxy flames, thread locks and bans. To them, dissent is ""flame baiting"" and ""just wrong"".(See the forum threadhttps://forums.factorio.com/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=21288for a recent example.)This has in turn lead to them hijacking the very Factorio concept, and is right now turning it from building factories to survive (like you see in the trailers), to building giant surreal macro circuit boards for your mindless amusement, that grow into giant complexes. (This despite of these complexes being built by tiny circuit wafers that could do the same thing.)In th end, Factorio will suffer the same fate that Minecraft suffered. When corrupt moderators are out to ruin a game during its alpha stage, the fate of that game is basically sealed. The developers will mistake the cultivated in-group in their censored forum, for their fanbase, and pander to whatever needs THEY have, to the detriment of the actual fans....so don't buy this game. It won't last more than a few months at this rate, at the most. It will all end with update 0.13."
,Not Recommended,427520,21761749,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dayradon,"Tutorials either seem to be lacking, or cram too much into all two of them.  By the third map I was still getting the placement concept down and was kept getting wiped by the critters.  Critters move way to fast you supposedly can shoot them at a distance, but when they cover the distance of your entire screen in under two seconds it's near impossible to switch items, aim, shoot at anything other than what is right next to you eating away at your health.  Great concept, but needs alot of balance changes and a slower pace at start to allow for learning curve."
76561198271718389,Not Recommended,427520,33899583,Posted: 30 July,all,Faded,gey
76561198062219481,Not Recommended,427520,22248023,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,I love anime dude,graphics suck
76561198061251358,Not Recommended,427520,21790813,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Steinawitz,This isn't ready for release. The key bindings are wacky and for whatever reason 'tab' supersceeds 'esc' on dialogue often locking you out of your stride in building whenever dialogue come up. The items get stuck to your mouse cursor and you arent able to press 'esc' to clear your tool which leads to frustration. My top complaint is that the game is far from intutiive and lacks any consise tutorial. The tutorial is concoluded and riddled with glitches. Very unfortunate as I had good expecations of this game. Hopefully the devs work on it further and iron out these deficiencies.
76561198040491714,Not Recommended,427520,21803433,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SwoleCoffeeCup,"I was highly unsatisfied with the gameplay and style, unfortunately. I generally love games like this where you build and defend. This just didn't vibe with me. Don't take this as a major influence. See if you like the game... I just didn't find it to be what I'm looking for. Bored after 50 minutes."
,Not Recommended,427520,21784322,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,quidgy,"I can see the appeal of this game and it's very well made, but it's a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,427520,22048613,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,batmandyllon,"doesnt work, words float in world, text is a bunch of boxes, not able to play, WASTE OF MONEY!"
,Not Recommended,427520,21613162,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BARBA,"I can't recommend this game for the reasons the user L4m3ness described so well in his review.In short: there is no real goal, no real limitations, sometimes it feels more like work than play.I would add that certain aspects of the game are very badly done, such as sound effects, the overall battle system (no decent AI), and the graphics could be much more attractive - they are ugly.The game takes the notion of meaninglessness to a whole new level.Be productive! - what for? - so you can get even more productive! - what for? (repeat)"
76561198067594509,Not Recommended,427520,21895294,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,savagepotatochip skinhub.com,cant play together wawaawawaw
76561197992635379,Not Recommended,427520,21955438,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Grinch,10/10 I wouldn't buy again.
,Not Recommended,427520,21528197,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,John Skywalker♏♏♏,"So i got it to stop crashing,Find the exe that starts the game and delete it and verify the game and it should re download that, dont delete the whole game if u got a save file u dont want to lose.So far im god damn enjoying it without modsEdit:Now i'm pretty bored as i've completed the game, now there's really nothing to do lol."
,Not Recommended,427520,21574082,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dredboss,"Trash netcode, statements from devs on site refusing to change it. I had a ton of fun marathoning this game at first but am so disappointed right now. Another almost great game that won't reach it's full potential partly because of horrible netcode."
76561198004398538,Not Recommended,427520,21605668,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,peterbiss,"I bought this game, encouraged by the positive reviews.I found it it to be frustrating and clunky."
76561197992368918,Not Recommended,427520,21606711,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Noemata,Not really a fan.. played one bace-building sandbox game played them all...
76561197970147045,Not Recommended,427520,21510059,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,EndingMachine,"I can't say the game is fun since I can't play it. This is 1 of 2 games that my graphics card won't work with. So perhaps it just needs a patch with some more support. But its early access so no worries. I do not want my money back, I just want a game that works so hopefully some legacy support for older cards, or laptop cards. But until then I can't comment on game play."
76561197982526515,Recommended,427520,30383894,Posted: 7 March,all,Fataitaa,"Nice!.  If you are a left brainer, OCD, suffer from insomnia, are tweeking, or just dont want to sleep, then Factorio is like quicksand.Big tips:Know the goal,Make a plan,Stick to the plan.Research needs a plan tooUpgrades should be in your planKeep the factories close.  use ouot posts"
,Recommended,427520,30379511,Posted: 7 March,all,Aliez,Automated resource production. Decided to upgrade to bulk. Built a train to transport newfound masses of materials. Ran myself over with the train. Loaded save from before I built train. Didn't build train.
,Recommended,427520,30392153,Posted: 8 March,all,Abradolf Lincler,Just amazing.
,Recommended,427520,30054419,Posted: 20 February,all,Mortaliar,"PlanBuildCollect resourcesInspectOptimizePlanBuildCollect resourcesIf victory condition are achieved -> end gameelse -> goto 4.Warning:♥♥♥♥♥♥might hit the fan quite often.Mother nature doesn't like whatever it is you're doing. Not one bit.Production debugging requried.Nothing is endless.A price of blood must be payed for each new square meter.Ever said ""Whoever needs math in real life."" You'll quickly reconsider this statement."
,Recommended,427520,30394133,Posted: 8 March,all,MisterG,Its a really funny game but it looks verry old. I hope their come more updates with new and funny things.
,Recommended,427520,30388078,Posted: 8 March,all,Jacob Rothschild,10/10 <3
76561198308081797,Recommended,427520,30395712,Posted: 8 March,all,peg4ever,This game is incredible. Very deep giving you great replay value. A few quirks with multiplayer like not easily being able to transfer items between player inventories but aside from those few small things this game is unreal. Would highly recommend. Especially with a friend. 10/10
76561198068962515,Recommended,427520,30422736,Posted: 10 March,all,Iglix,"Factorio. Really jewel on current market of pc games. Unique. Intriguing and solid. Both in game and in its marketing.Keeping its price same for years, never yielding into temptation of ""steam sale"" or anything, steadily developing and polishing for long time even though base game from start to end was done years ago and many less scrupulous developers would try and release it for some quick cash.On top of that offering Demo version which is very welcomed and rare nowadays.Every other game developer should take this game as example how to do things corectly.As for game itself...Posibilities are endless and there is something for everyone.For those who are less technicaly inclined it is reasonably easy to simply go for Rocket Launch while enjoying fruits of their labors, watching how that extremely expensive rocket is being build by itself thanks to their time spent on automatization of everything.But for those who love to get to the crux... depth of this game, especialy with mods, is insane. Kudos to developers who managed to integrate logicstic programing into game and make it fun."
,Recommended,427520,30416474,Posted: 9 March,all,Beta Cuck,Astounding.
,Recommended,427520,26436485,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dreppsid,I love the style and is highly adictive!
76561198030930454,Recommended,427520,30410814,Posted: 9 March,all,nardo99,One of my favourite games ever. It will take over your life. I am 200hs  in and still learning.
,Recommended,427520,30474046,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr Tranquility,Crystal meth is a gateway drug to this game
76561198056571999,Recommended,427520,30474880,Posted: 12 March,all,Jules,Pros:-charming graphics-infinite ways to build your factory-it can keep you busy for hours-bugs are fixed almost immediately-nice gameplay-mod supportCons:-it won´t be on sale-weak tutorialAll in all this game is totally worth the money. 10/10 I recommend this game
,Recommended,427520,30482352,Posted: 12 March,all,R0n_,12/10 one of the best games ever
,Recommended,427520,30479705,Posted: 12 March,all,Odey555,"I bought this game not expecting much, especially since the graphics turned me down a bit.Started up the game, got into a map. Next thing I knew 4 hours had gone by.9/10"
,Recommended,427520,30619833,Posted: 19 March,all,Christopher,"I can't get enough of this game, its so amazingly awesome. it never lets down."
76561198304155796,Recommended,427520,30497424,Posted: 13 March,all,Deathadderrr,it is fun and is really intuitive in the game there is also sighs of life and threatining aliens that come in your way and you have to overcome them and at the end you'll figure.
,Recommended,427520,30620897,Posted: 19 March,all,mcwaffles2003,"Just amazing, mod community is great, the devs update quickly and keep the base informed. game on its own is insanely good. if you like building things this is THE game for you"
76561198024872601,Recommended,427520,30621130,Posted: 19 March,all,razorback,"Absolutly brilliant, spent countless hours in this title...."
,Recommended,427520,30615205,Posted: 19 March,all,Mozinor Président,"Very good. I like maths so the game ended up with fun time doing calculation on paper (optimal solar panel to accumulator ratios was hard, that's not 1.05)."
76561198019133533,Recommended,427520,30617985,Posted: 19 March,all,kith101,"Really enjoy this game, it's fun even without the challenge of the aliens.  I just wish it had more challenges even after you get to space."
76561197968882867,Recommended,427520,30618976,Posted: 19 March,all,Zeroflux,This game is absolutly amazing.
76561198281867470,Recommended,427520,30618950,Posted: 19 March,all,willowswing,best game ever played for days
76561198018968342,Recommended,427520,30617463,Posted: 19 March,all,tex,This game is amazing. It shouldnt be early access anymore because its already perfect.Also 20 € is ok for all the content the game has in it.
,Recommended,427520,30619624,Posted: 19 March,all,Cornelius V. Osmond,Overwhelmingly positive
,Recommended,427520,30610847,Posted: 19 March,all,Pure,Incredible game with an equally incredible dev team
,Recommended,427520,30612689,Posted: 19 March,all,pattiro,Super Addicting and countless mods to keep sucking away your Life.
,Recommended,427520,30626158,Posted: 19 March,all,FIONIC,wonderful resource management strategy game. can't believe the game is still early access.
76561197993811129,Recommended,427520,30625575,Posted: 19 March,all,Joltser,"If you have a mind for efficency and creation, this game is the ONE. I can't believe how much time i have put into this game and my setup is never good enough, therefore i have to create more and more and on and on. Logistics is a beast to control and this game makes it fun.  I hope they add a few more elements to the game like a small story line to why we must create and milestones that bring attention to what you have accomplished.  All in all, a great game and anyone with a creator's mind would like this.   P.S.  you will watch lots of youtube videos on how to do something well."
76561198080780454,Recommended,427520,30626572,Posted: 19 March,all,DuhSlayer,Love this game!! <3
76561198138462652,Recommended,427520,30614094,Posted: 19 March,all,MemeMachine,"WARNINGthis game is extemely addictive, play it once and you won't be able to leave your computer.i HIGHLY recommend you only boot up this game if you don't plan on doing anything that day because if you do, you surely won't, except for maybe kill a few hundred pesky bugs :)"
76561198085184964,Recommended,427520,21483309,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,qqwg123,"This is an amazing game, I played it a ton on my old laptop and am really excited that it is on steam!"
76561198116785642,Recommended,427520,21491592,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,akadas,Clever game with endless possibilities!
76561198071083886,Recommended,427520,21489915,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,SlimJim4567,"What are you doing ? Just buy this game and play it.  Seriously, stop what you are doing and play this game."
76561198028976240,Recommended,427520,21490056,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,stephanm117,"LOVE this game played it a lot before it was on steam, Bought it again.Totaly worth it!!!"
,Recommended,427520,21489042,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Reese,Have played long before steam EA. Game is great. Have yet to try multiplayer however single player is a blast. Just play it.
76561198005463523,Recommended,427520,21454124,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AnarCon,"This game is amazing. It seems really simple at first, gather some coal and iron and get a furnace and miner operating to lessen the load on ur manual labor. First time i played it was about a year ago and i got so hooked by it i played it for over 6 months, no other games on the side.These devs have done a stellar job of taking what i didnt like about minecraft and put it together in such a fashion that its really REALLY hard to put back down.It comes highly recommended from me and i have high standards for game i spend my time on.heres a link for a brief intro to what you can expect in the game and more:https://youtu.be/rtT_Qc5DIEgId rate it to 9/10, only few things here n there that kinda draws it back a point, but its still early access and they are adding most of the stuff which it lost a point to in next version (13) and they might even add lots more after that  + the great modding community for it is amazing.Try the demo, if you like the intro mission you will love this game and its money well spent!"
76561198251692418,Recommended,427520,21496375,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,emotivedruid28,Great game! Plays smooth and looks great.  You want this game.
76561198053451470,Recommended,427520,21496960,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Elegance,Very Fun game!
,Recommended,427520,21613025,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,4dartist,"This is, hands down, the most fun I've had playing a game in a long time."
,Recommended,427520,21613570,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Science Spy,"This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Not because the game itself is bad or anything (it's actually really, really great), but now I have about a week of APUSH homework that I have to get done in a few hours if I want some sleep. Thank you, and ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,427520,21607187,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Existence is pain,Really fun with friends and intense when your getting back doored by the zerg
,Recommended,427520,21614111,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,DragonLight,Why are you reading this? Get it.
76561198006640964,Recommended,427520,21614214,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SaucyVillain,"Well, this is the most addicting game of all time...."
,Recommended,427520,21611004,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,wildthot,"Incredible amount of content and i haven't seen a single bug. Have seen this game on youtube some in the past and it didn't look that interesting, but it is crazy fun and addictive to play. Put 40 something hours in already. So much fun."
,Recommended,427520,21604351,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The Magical Seal of Knowledge,Outstanding Game and still in early access! Definetly worth the buy!
76561198044946458,Recommended,427520,30435583,Posted: 10 March,all,FloraTwort,First game in a long time that I've been really addicted to.
,Recommended,427520,30435614,Posted: 10 March,all,Bob Ross,yes.
76561198059622193,Recommended,427520,30435969,Posted: 10 March,all,Gregy5069,"Awsome game, great time waster too"
,Recommended,427520,30440004,Posted: 10 March,all,Pinochets HelO Rides,"Game is awesome. I spent many hours building, and it was all I dreamed it would be. It's a lot of fun making your factories mroe efficient. As the complexity goes up, it's fun managing the different methods of logistics.Buy this, it's not even expensive."
76561198252716120,Recommended,427520,30438276,Posted: 10 March,all,LucatheLAW,"Holy. Smokes.This game has kept me enthralled ever since I got it. This is the most appealing game concept for me and I have not been able to shake off the fact that this game is awesome. In essence, the game is what you think it might be; a resource management/survival game where you have to improve your weapons and your factory while watching out for the ravenous enemies that steadily get more powerful the more you pollute their untouched planet. (It does kinda make you feel like the bad guy, doesn't it?) Mildly interesting concept, right?BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!You're allowed to intricately manage every part of the mega factory system that you built with your bare hands. (At least, until your own mechanical robot slaves build it for you, but we'll get to that later.) The point is there are thousands of ways to get resource A to factory B and then transport product C to site D so that it can be used in making science kit E. With a limitless open world, you have plenty of room, so how are you going to do it? It all seems so complicated when you first get the game, but if you keep your wits about you, you learn from every playthrough. Soon, you'll be making power armor, laser turrets, rocket launchers, slave robots, and all sorts of other technological goodies that the game has to offer. Plus, there's an awesome community that has hundreds of great ideas on organizational tips for your base.But enough about play and plot. How good is the design?Say no more, friend. If you zoom in WAY too far (Yes, you can zoom, handy tip) so that you can see barely anything but your little character dude, yeah, its pretty pixelated. Even without a deep zoom, you can make out that the graphics arent exactly Super-Extra-Mega-Uber-HD, but they're not bad. Think a bit worse than the original Skyrim without any overhauls. The soundtrack is pretty good, too; a bit of suspense and imagination. (I swear, one part sounds like my front door closing, it's great.) (P.S., back there was my second semicolon, YES!) I have big hopes for the future of the game as well. I believe that it'll go far with its devolopment continuing over the next year or so.All in all, one awesome game."
76561198061867401,Recommended,427520,30499320,Posted: 13 March,all,jaysonmcleod,This is one of my favourite games i've ever played.
76561197984397983,Recommended,427520,30655650,Posted: 21 March,all,Seloj,FTB Minecraft made into a standalone game? Lots of fun
76561198095909076,Recommended,427520,30644560,Posted: 20 March,all,LordGRant,"This game is awesome. In the first day I got this game I played for 8 hours. This is one of the best games I've played in a long time, and Im really excited to see what the developers of this game do as it goes from early accsess to a full release."
,Recommended,427520,30644492,Posted: 20 March,all,jillspudnackle,Spectacular game! Extremely fun. Runs amazingly well on my 2010 macbook pro.
76561198020823478,Recommended,427520,30655137,Posted: 21 March,all,hoeding,This game made me quit WoW.
,Recommended,427520,30659121,Posted: 21 March,all,ZombieKM64,The best base builder I've ever played with the best dev team and community.
,Recommended,427520,30645395,Posted: 20 March,all,clematrix,"Thought this might be a little risky in picking up but turns out it's a very addictive enjoyable game.  One of those games where you think you'll just try to accomplish one more thing and next think you know it's 3 am, you need to get up for work in a few hours and there's just one other last thing you want to do.  Get it, it's great.  A different type of game in a really good way."
76561197995594872,Recommended,427520,30647382,Posted: 20 March,all,deg93,"I love this game.I don't know what more there is to say, this is just endlessly fun.As soon as you feel like you've beaten it, there are tons of mods todrag it outextend the experience.If you consider yourself an engineering kind of person and haven't tried Factorio, I don't know what you're doing. If you're not an engineering kind of person, prepare to change.Just make sure you have people who love you and can stop you from failing your exams."
76561197962239665,Recommended,427520,30650620,Posted: 21 March,all,The Dude,"I bought this game, and then I ended up buying it for 4 other people.  They all have 100-200hrs in it.The mods can help take some of the dulldrums out of it.  I wish the end game was little different, but overall, it is pretty polished for what it is.  Hard to say that about a lot of other alpha games.  Money well spent in that regard.Create a puzzle, solve a puzzle, play a puzzle with a friend if you want... but the puzzle is intricate."
,Recommended,427520,30651660,Posted: 21 March,all,Coldef,Just one more thing...
76561198112340269,Recommended,427520,30399895,Posted: 8 March,all,Nid Flindirz,A very unique game with an interesting premise and beautiful spritework and advanced mechanics.if you're an idiot or 9 years of age then this game is not for you
,Recommended,427520,22482665,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,poisonyy,Aoe 2 vibes from graphics+Addicting Gameplay=10/10
76561198042807063,Recommended,427520,30760030,Posted: 26 March,all,Fuzzie,"Deceptivly simple crafting/open world game that can suck you in after a few hours. You will be constantly trying to improve your setup, No right or wrong way of playing really. I recommend this to people with time and patience."
,Recommended,427520,22483375,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dilzo Baggins,i love this game!!! ...but it would be nice if there was a LAN or a easyier way to connect to a server/host a server. if this is possible please can you tell me.....
76561197993422789,Recommended,427520,22483562,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Regina George,"Picked this up because a buddy recommended it.Looked at the graphics and had reservations, gave it a go anyway.Played for 2 hours and thought it was only 20 minutes.Went to bed and couldn't stop thinking about my coal mining efficiency.An amazing experience that few games can really generate.Genuine feelings of joy when you create something you didn't know was possible."
76561198067655727,Recommended,427520,22486567,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,OneoftheDamned,"Got paid on Friday. Bought this game that morning and installed it. Went to work. Came home to play it, already logged 20 hours between Friday night and all of Saturday.10/10 would automate my work processes for more Factorio if possible."
,Recommended,427520,22454147,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Озеро джордж,I know i dont have many hour's but i have to say that this game is overwhelmingly fun and each time i play i get more and more happy that i spent the $20. I tell all my friends to get the game. Me and my friends are  people that play leauge of legends and CSGO also Cod. I hope this review helped.
76561198149170934,Recommended,427520,22454229,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Landon,awsome
76561197973300023,Recommended,427520,22448391,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,cdp181,"Great game.  Although the concept may seem very different it shares elements with games like Railroad Tycoon, Tower Defence games, Gnomoria etc.You spend a lot of time designing systems and then later redesigning to build complicated production lines.I'm not aware of any games that are quite like it.  Recommended."
76561198025405158,Recommended,427520,22448665,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Xcaliber219,It has been quite some time since a game compelled me to play until the first light of the following day.
,Recommended,427520,22449248,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,lfxfire,very fun game
,Recommended,427520,22458328,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ThisIsNotSam,I've owned this game for 2 days so far and have clocked 24 hours. I need help.
76561198020696326,Recommended,427520,22458504,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Black Brad Pitt,GOOD game
,Recommended,427520,22461168,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,mdlp0716,">sees game>""eh it seems ok but I don't think I would like it"">sees ""Download Demo"">""i'll try it i guess"">plays game>♥♥♥♥♥♥s>decides to get game>bought it at 5:00 pm, got 5 hours on first day of playing it>literally addicted to it, need to go to rehab>comes out of rehab a few weeks later, seems game in steam library.>""This game was pretty good, Ill try it again"">""i wont get addicted this time"">overdoses>dies>9 out of 11 would get addicted and die again"
76561198080718578,Recommended,427520,22455395,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,_KaranzO,"All in all, a great game! Time is also automated in this game.11/10 would automate this all over again!"
76561198021577829,Recommended,427520,22455533,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ikeos2,"I can easily waste a couple hours a day on this game. Very fun, lots of ways to play!"
76561197961791446,Recommended,427520,22446483,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,sobx10,"This game satisfies a very real OCD craving. This city builder is as addictive as when I first discovered Gnomoria. Prepare yourself in real life, to throw your time at this game, quit your job, quit your relationships, this game will break you and build you up over and over."
76561198041790390,Recommended,427520,22455770,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Rauh Welt,China Simulatori r8 69/10
76561198146809488,Recommended,427520,22462878,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Flying Flamingo,"This game is so addicting. I do wish the textures were a little bit better but, not bothered by that."
76561198050050736,Recommended,427520,22463078,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,UberDust,Made A FactoryLater A bunch of aliens came in and destroyed itBuilt A Wall to keep them outMade My Factory Great Again10/10 best Donald Trump Simulator.
76561198060508998,Recommended,427520,22461315,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KappaHunter,Great game! The only limits are your imagination.
,Recommended,427520,23246233,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zaph,"You are C̶h̶r̶i̶s̶t̶o̶p̶h̶e̶r̶ ̶C̶o̶l̶u̶m̶b̶u̶s̶ a random space pilot, and has arrived at N̶o̶r̶t̶h̶ ̶A̶m̶e̶r̶i̶c̶a̶ a random planet, and you must build a t̶o̶w̶n̶ factory and harvest materials to survive and keep the n̶a̶t̶i̶v̶e̶ ̶a̶m̶e̶r̶i̶c̶a̶n̶s̶ space bugs from attacking your property."
76561198115665422,Recommended,427520,30520954,Posted: 15 March,all,RyanTitanic85,"Super fun game! Although it's in Early Acsess, the Full version ,I recomend it"
76561198108466761,Recommended,427520,30522132,Posted: 15 March,all,Wilky926,I looked at this game about a dozen times and kept saying no as it wasnt my type of thing.One day i was bored and thought i would give it a go as you can always get a refund on steam so why not.  Now i am completely addicted!It starts off relatively simple and then becomes mind blowingly complex and before you know it your playing the game whilst watching some of the numerous youtube videos and how to make your world better.Cant reccomend enough if your looking for a complex game that will give you endless hours of fun building complex bases whilst fighting off nasty alien hordes.
76561198299278512,Recommended,427520,30496159,Posted: 13 March,all,jediminecraft,i've played this game for a good while before i found out about the in game mods then i tried downloading them it for some reason duplicated one of them and now i havn't been able to play i delete it and reinstall but it still won't let me play.i do recommend playing this game just be careful when u download the mods
,Recommended,427520,30515929,Posted: 14 March,all,CrazyShooTa,Amazing !!10/10 especially mod support..bobsmods..perfect..
,Recommended,427520,30516581,Posted: 14 March,all,Gluggy,I have build my third factory now. Can not remember to have breathed fresh air for days.
,Recommended,427520,30531322,Posted: 15 March,all,Demien,"This game is a gem. New milestone for videogames industry like Minecraft was for sandbox genre. There are others ""automation"" games but this go far beyond any of them. Totally worth at full price."
76561198251700328,Recommended,427520,30510906,Posted: 14 March,all,WHAM! But Ironicaly,"I A game that is about 50% trying to get things to work, and 50% looking at it once it does"
76561198032734666,Recommended,427520,30505880,Posted: 14 March,all,Pocket Sandwich,Do you like Sci-fi?Strategy?City building?Tower defense?Top-down shooters?Any combination of the above?Then factorio will consume your life in the best possible way.The only reason I don't have thousands of hours in this game yet is because I'm banned from playing it during school so I actually sleep sometimes.  Highly recommended
,Recommended,427520,30492958,Posted: 13 March,all,ozzy goodwoman,the absolute most adicting gaame ever. IV had it for three days and already have 30 hours and caant wait to play more!
76561198030919788,Recommended,427520,30492291,Posted: 13 March,all,prostatiotusmaximuzXXX,GG
76561198175295951,Recommended,427520,30458676,Posted: 11 March,all,patkg3,so what do i do when i add a mod to the game to try it out and see what it does but now because i added it the game will not open so i cant even access the mods to remove the one that is preventing me starting the game and i cant get the hidden files to show up so i can just manually remove it.... with out the mods the game is really complex and amazing and i would definitely recommend playing it... just be warned not all the mods seem to allow the game to run
76561197963984501,Recommended,427520,30487472,Posted: 13 March,all,Dspec,Legit
,Recommended,427520,30487166,Posted: 13 March,all,sPHe0niX,"Addictive, Creative and loads of fun.A hard game for me to walk away from,just 10 minutes more keeps turning into an hour plus.Waiting for the next update now to have another playthrough."
76561198255593823,Recommended,427520,30475163,Posted: 12 March,all,BananaNotFructa,You must try this game.But if you are someone who dont't have patience pls go to another game just close this homepage.
,Recommended,427520,30475244,Posted: 12 March,all,Vyqs,"Addictive, Creative and just tons of fun, especially coop style. Looking forward to even more fun in the upcoming update!"
,Recommended,427520,22463894,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tsuko Greg,"This game may not look good, but it is amazing gameplay wise.Its like a parasite that once it gets on you, you can't ge♥♥♥♥♥off, so you embrace it.The only bad thing in this game is that multiplayer is pretty hard to do. Me and my friend cant play multiplayer which sucks, but im sure there may be an update to make it more easier to do that."
,Recommended,427520,22460170,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Psyfi,awesome game
,Recommended,427520,22460344,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,BRC-The0n3 ✅,fun fun fun! and already a ton of mods! this is going to be another 1k+ hour game for me =) thx to the devs keep it goin!
76561198081729067,Recommended,427520,22460363,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,RogueSithGaming,By Far the best game i have ever played
76561198114647424,Recommended,427520,22469092,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Loyal_Enforcer_,"Suprisingly addicting, very easy game to get in to. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys crafting, machinery, etc."
,Recommended,427520,22467092,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ejmaas,This is the most complex and addicting game ever. I love this game to bits.
,Recommended,427520,22467102,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Jay Gatsby,This is a very addictive game!  Essentially you are constantly solving problems that you created for yourself.  Each problem you solve creates 2 more problems to solve T_T.  Or at least when you solve the problems like I do.If you like this game I suggest trying FortressCraft which is like a mashup between Minecraft and Factorio.
76561198122163958,Recommended,427520,22467200,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,trollkeeper,"Played the game, hated the map, started several new games.  Turned off the alien hoards and learned how to play the game.  Turned back on the alien hoards and then they posed little challenge.  Turned up the hoards and turned off the starting zone size - lasted all of 1 second (ha ha ha).  Modified the game maps for larger resource pools, smaller resource pools, low on certain resources - it changes the game and strategy everytime.  Got a few friends playing it, joined forces and had a blast.And still I have yet to use the logic gate circuitry!  So much to still do...only have played 140 hours!Love the game."
76561198269258060,Recommended,427520,22466725,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,concrete61,There this glitch that if i try to put a thing that mines for you the thing crashes me and this is annoying
,Recommended,427520,22466914,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Masterpixel,Brain Cocaine
,Recommended,427520,21690986,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,"Michal ""Seddsian"" Myška",I was waitning for 3 years for this game... and ? Im ♥♥♥♥*ng surprised how awesome is this game now...Big Applausefor developers... One of the funniest games what i've ever played..
76561198099156178,Recommended,427520,21691195,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,LUKE.EXE,it's a very good game.
76561197962989600,Recommended,427520,21691260,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Elk,Best game ever! Keep developing!
,Recommended,427520,21691295,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Oxcorp,"Fantastic addictive logitics game, excellent mod support and plenty of vanilla content means this game has a ton of replayability value and a long learning curve means you are always learning new tricks that you want to test on your next playthrough. Love the devs and I'm super excited for future changes and content that will make an excellent game even better."
,Recommended,427520,21692614,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cosmonista,I can't stop playing and now my dreams only consist of ways to improve the efficiency of my factory. Factorio has a vice-like hold on my free time and it doesn't seem to be letting up. Serious GOTY contender for me... whenver it's released.
,Recommended,427520,21692629,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,JukeNukem,"This game is what happens when SimCity and Spacechem have a baby.  A beautiful, beatiful baby.Most addictive game I've played in years.  Do not buy if you have other plans for your free time in the next week."
,Recommended,427520,21622406,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tomiz,Perfect.
,Recommended,427520,21620563,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,[2$W] psychogears,"I normally avoid early access games.  In my opinion, this one's ""safe to buy"" as in it's pretty stable and feature complete.  There's a full game here already, and it can handle pretty complex factory layouts.I was never much of a Starcraft player.  My favorite thing to do in that game was to go up the tech tree and build a large, self-sustaining base.  My more SC-adept friends used to tell me ""this isn't SimCity!"".  It's like this game was made to scratch that particular itch.Anyway, give it a try.  A lot of other Early Access games give Steam's Early Access program a bad name, but this is one of the good examples of an Early Access release."
76561198064300633,Recommended,427520,21620952,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,gaming malarkey,"anyone who has ever played tekit minecraft, this is pretty much that only better"
76561198001464695,Recommended,427520,21620986,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Jon,It was light out when I started playing...
76561198059871315,Recommended,427520,22093759,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Booty Goblin,"I absolutely adore this game.I love strategy games, but often the ""best"" strategies are artificially hemmed into a game. In Total War games units get a moral hit when being flanked. This isn't a real emergent behavior of the simulation, it's a product of pushing what ought to be the best strategy onto the player.Factorio is beautiful because there aren't any right or wrong ways to play the game. It simply provides you with pieces and lets the player figure out what to do with them. Every strategy will arise completely organically from the emergent behavior of the game.People who like math and engineering should all love this game. People who don't like figuring things out for themselves might not like this game, but it's not like you have to be a genius to play Factorio. You build your factory. It's only as complicated as you make it."
76561197994716691,Recommended,427520,22252169,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jayface,I've played factorio for >100 hours on a non-steam version of the game.I guarantee you that you will LOVE this game if you:- Think organizing things has an almost theraputic effect- Enjoy Minecraft Tech mods- Like the feeling of learning and getting better at something (in a game)
76561198037087000,Recommended,427520,22252230,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Vinnidict,It inserts the iron in the furnace or else it gets the coal again.
,Recommended,427520,30747979,Posted: 26 March,all,nonlandi,Excellent builder game. You always get to optimize logistics and product throughput.Also the mod support is very good. I play with about 10 mods and had no problems whatsover.
,Recommended,427520,22271223,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,therealtakeshi,"If you haven't seen any coverage of this game, go check out a few minutes of gameplay on Twitch or YouTube.If you have seen it in action and are wondering if it's really that good: yes, and so much more than you think.This may be the *most satisfying* survival/city-builder yet. It's not flashy (though the graphics are genuinely good even to my pixel-graphics-fatigued eyes), but the gameplay is so confident and focused, you'll be immersed within minutes.Open-ended building freedom and mod support give it life beyond the simple objective you're given. I've got 74.2 hours so far, and I haven't ""won"" yet because I keep restarting to try different setups. Factorio is one of the few games I've played that has a high skill ceiling but is always fun to play, even when just starting.For pure fun and satisfaction, this is absolutely worth your money and time. And it looks like it'll keep growing and getting better with dev and player support. Factorio is the poster child for Early Access done well."
76561198117156464,Recommended,427520,22271500,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Filiphult,Cars and tanks. i like it. i r8/8.
,Recommended,427520,22273242,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dr_Pipe,Truly amazing management game.
,Recommended,427520,22274206,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,KUNOLEO,Really great time killer!
76561197969999773,Recommended,427520,22274341,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,NakedApe,"Awsome idea, well crafted game, highly addictive!Already more then worth its money...For those dissapointed by the new anno, this is for you.May the complexity be with you!"
,Recommended,427520,22109851,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Wrongful,This game is overall an amazing game and is worth every penny and i would recommend it. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,22257787,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,TomLeBadger,"I lost my sense of time playing this, one of few games I managed to sit and play non stop for 5 hours without being bored for a second. I am yet to play multiplayer so I can't speak for that, but single player is brilliant.I'd like to describe it as a 2D minecraft, with more to do already, for a game as old as it is, minecraft hasn't changed much, the ammount you can do and build seems to far surpass that. If you like chilling out building cool stuff and using your head to solve problems, it's a good buy."
76561198065987751,Recommended,427520,22257889,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Iron_Lemon,Built a furnace. Hit some coal. Discovered electricity. Made a factory. Tore my factory to the ground and made a new one. Discovered oil. Tore my factory to the ground and made a new one. Discovered trains. Tore my factory to the ground and made new ones. Must become more efficient. Must refine process. Must fin- coal mines run out. Factory grinds to a halt. Feverishly create solid fuels. Back to the assembly line.
,Recommended,427520,22258073,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,loadedk,I've never reviewed a game before.  This game is pretty good.
,Recommended,427520,22260552,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lesser Prophet,Tons of stuff to do and build. Learning curve is just right.
76561198151549180,Recommended,427520,22245577,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Doctorbowling,"Refunded because it's too complicatedWatched a youtube video, felt like a total dumbass for not seeing the tutorial in the campaignBought again, now addicted"
76561198046107069,Recommended,427520,22260670,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SuperNull,"For those people who instantly start automating things in Terraria and Minecraft this is the game for you, the ultimate in game work flow automation.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,427520,22260877,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SurfaceKnight,"I'm recommending this game after sitting at my computer for about 12 hours straight just playing Factorio.Now, I must admit, the knowledge curve of this game is steep if you're just looking to jump right in and build stuff. If you're playing the game in a prospective way, like the developer wants you to, you'll find getting into the laser turrets, body armor and trains rather easy (but not necessarily simple). And making mistakes is easy to fix and isn't punishing at all. Place a building wrong? Just pick it up and move it!I liked Factorio even within the first hour of playing. There was always something to unlock that was both useful and interesting. Tons of research to do. Tons of buildings to make that each have a specific purpose to making your industry boom. I found myself saying, ""Okay, first I have to do this, but not before I go over here and build these, and that's only after I do this and that..."" over and over and over. Building your factory is like a spider web, and figuring out how that all fits is, in my opinion, really cool.Early access? Really? In all honesty, this game is more polished and fleshed out than most of the AAA titles that I saw released last year. It just goes to show: pixel games can be outstanding if their gameplay is superb; Factorio's game play is superb, and its art style lends itself perfectly to it. THIS is what an early access game should look like. Not a floppy mess of a cash grab that plagues Steam these days.If I had five hands I'd give Factorio five thumbs up. It is my next obsession!"
,Recommended,427520,22263567,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lif,"It's an easier to get into version of a game thats some parts Dwarf Fortress, some parts OpenTTD, and all parts autistic."
,Recommended,427520,22254937,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kylgore,cool.
76561198280141390,Recommended,427520,22255299,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ShadowOwl,"Well on mac it's pretty slow and can't move the player quite smoothly. Is there a way for it to not freeze at times, it will take me too long to build at this point. Do tell if their is a way around this problem without fixing the game its self. Good game, sooooo recomened it just not on mac."
,Recommended,427520,22061210,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,straechav,"This game is at the same time as bare-bones as it can be, and as intricate as possible. The game can come across initially as fairly simplistic, but once you've built up a massively automated factory with an army of flying drones and the only reason you understand how it works is because you've built it -- the complexity of the game becomes obvious.When you first start it, it seems simple enough, but give it time and it can easily become overwhelming. Excellent game that does exactly what it promises, and nothing more.If there's anything to criticize about the game, it's that in some ways it can feel even more pointless than gaming in general. This is not really a valid argument, because ultimately you could argue games in general are complete waste of your time. However, something about building these endless automations and factories just makes you feel like you might be possibly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your life away.It also makes you really think about how much factories screw over the nature, if you stop building the latest conveyer belt for any time and think about it. Of course, right after you've thought about that, you'll go right back to finishing the conveyer belt because you need it to automate your research."
,Recommended,427520,22278797,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,VeX Harbinger,"It scares me how much there is to do, or at least of what I can already see that can be done, and how little of it I've been able to even attempt thus far."
,Recommended,427520,22279049,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Elyviere,Awesome game
76561198085489801,Recommended,427520,22278228,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,WinnB,"An excellent cooperative management sim with survival aspects. Build massive factories, colonize the planet, and send rockets into space. If you like mods like Tekkit or Feed the Beast, but thought they weren't intuitive enough, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,427520,22278586,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,.ZiNk | https://getyoubit.com,"Base game is 10/10, probably the most satisfying whilst also relaxing thing you can do.If you add a load of mods to this game, especially 'bobs mods', it gets a whole lot more complicated, with a whole lot more to do, it's awesome.♥♥♥♥ing Glorious."
,Recommended,427520,22278606,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Revolver Jerkalot,"So, I really have to say that since a long time I rarely saw a game which fascinated me as much as this one. It kind of created such an strong fascination in me, that I realized that I was thinking about how to improve myself in the game EVEN WHEN I WASN'T PLAYING.DAMNBUY IT !"
76561197998764856,Recommended,427520,22276986,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,wildchicken,"I once had a life. It was great. Full of things, people, i even had a woman or two. And then Factorio came and took it all away. Now there is only the machine. The beautiful functional machine. When you read about people saying this will suck you away, they are right. You will think you will be there for a short while, you will not. You will keep playing and improving. Working to make your place more efficient.....you have been warned."
76561198069891332,Recommended,427520,22259076,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,drewboi,"This is the best game i've ever played in my life. At first I was hesitant, but I took the dive and have no regrets. The 26 hours i've played are from the past TWO DAYS. 10/10. Factorio is love, Factorio is life."
76561198096861529,Recommended,427520,22273954,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,flute.girl.1994,"I bought this game after seeing Markiplier play it and was fascinated by it.It's super fun. Kind of like minecraft in a totally different, industrial way. It makes the engineering nerdiness in me quite satisfied.Also, I like the combat elements with the alien creatures."
76561198006027457,Recommended,427520,22280163,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,hamlink,"This game is unbelievably good.  It combines the simplicity of the original SimCity with the richness and replay value of, well, the original SimCity, but trading city planning for a production line.  It's part build-up-from-nothing and part puzzle game as you balance resource collection, spatial constraints, energy demands, tech tree research, and defense.  Then, when you've finished the game, you can do it again in a desert or a forest (trading wide open spaces for pollution mitigation), or take advantage of the infrasructure you've established to build a sprawling train system or a jerry-rigged 4-function calculator.  Powered by steam engines.10/10  Would jump in front of a train to test my power armor again.P.S.  Great game to play co-op with your kid, when you're tired of listening to them talk about Minecraft."
,Recommended,427520,22280184,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ethiopia,I am become machine
76561198255178569,Recommended,427520,22280223,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,imacatusee,"im going to post my ideas on this game on my youtube page: CitinaKatana.i know its still a build in progress and some of my ideas my allready be planned as updates. also i believe that my iddeas should be toggleable options for everyone.Now i enjoy this game for the crafting, tech tree system and the idea i get of teraforming a new planet for living on.currently (thursday April 7th 2016) i would give this game, out of 1-10 (1=poor 10=amazing), a 7.3 personaly.Mostly because i see room for growth simular to minecraft and i believe that this game can only get better AS LONG AS THE DEVELOPERS STAY AWAY FROM ZOMBIES!!! You start on an alien planet so keep it aliens... maybe even AvP (Alien versus Predator) but anyway get yourself a copy of this game if your into Minecraft and Terraria."
76561198019548019,Recommended,427520,22263750,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Homie,Made me support the Keystone pipeline.
,Recommended,427520,22270327,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Norse Modder,"This is a great game in which you can automate everything. You will probably feel a great sense of accomplishment when you have automated something new for the first time by yourself. This game is wonderful, and worth every dollar."
,Recommended,427520,22270354,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Dazzauk123,Ok guys first of all let me tell you the learning curve is not the easiest and there is a lot of trial and error to start with in this game. I kept placing items and building things and really did not know why or how but for some strange reason the game keeps pulling you back in.  Having done a bit of research on youtube and watched a few tutorials I now know a few more things about the game but I have lost many times still. The game continually draws you back though which in this day and age is what a game should be about. Fancy graphics this is not but then again I have sunk many hours into this game and want to play again and again. Stick with it get over your initial frustrations and this game is worth every penny.
76561198296000225,Recommended,427520,22277624,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,msmirnov10000,awesome game 10/10should be BGotY
76561198065850045,Recommended,427520,22284215,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,muratcanakcay,"This is my first review in steam, and this game deserves it so much. I've been playing for 200+ hours since purchasing, and it's addictive! Of course you must be into these types of games (resource management, city building, etc.) but this is a really well done game that delivers much more than it promises imho. And with the mods, the game shines even more.This is still in early access but I really can't imagine how they will make it better than it already is (except by implementing the mods to the vanilla game?). Brilliant! Very good job, I congratulate the developers. Buy it, but be ready for sleepless hours and delayed schedules :)"
76561198093120975,Recommended,427520,22284336,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Pillbug40,"""This Game looks Bording and Complicated........ But I cant stop playing. Its so FUN and Addicting."" - Morgan 2016 - 40+ Hours in game and still going on"
76561198283112102,Recommended,427520,22264271,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,gaabun,whatttttt......the dazzling sun???太阳真特么刺眼= =
,Recommended,427520,22266365,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Hoffmann,"When I first saw this game I thought it was some kind of gag, a knock-off top down pixelated Minecraft clone. Oh how wrong I was. 90 minutes in and I'm telling you right now, this will be the best investment of 20$ and time you will experience for a while, IF you can deal with solving real engineering problems and making a time commitment, and I mean a BIG one.The game basically goes like this: Your some kind of space engineer/pioneer/thing who crash lands on an alien planet very similar to Earth. You start with nothing except yourself and a basic multi-tool that can mine (VERY slowly) and chop down trees. Chopping down trees makes wood. Wood can be put in a mining machine to get coal. Coal can fuel another machine to mine iron. Iron ore smelted in a furnace makes iron plates. Plates can craft better machines. More machines. More moving parts and bigger, louder, efficent-er parts to your industrial empire.Oh and did I mention there are aliens?"
,Recommended,427520,21974229,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,jRaven,Fantastic!  Super fun!
,Recommended,427520,21974360,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,thekl0wn,"WARNING:  Do not purchase this if you enjoy the outside world!  Easily THE most addicting game I have ever played.  ""Honey, I'm going to go play for a couple of minutes...  I have a new idea for material handling.""  2 days later, I emerge."
,Recommended,427520,21997250,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Miqueltozzz,This is how you should do early access!
76561198019306456,Recommended,427520,21990411,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Warblind,Awesome automation puzzle ... got hooked immediately :)
,Recommended,427520,21990557,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Tadhg,I got this game yesterday and I've put in 14 hours its like nerd crack buy this work of art now.It starts off very slow and the game does have a slow pace and I would say this suits the game very good because you're going to spend lots of your time automating mining research and other guff as much as you can and I'm not gonna lie (this is definitly me when I'm driving) at least 6 hours of my 14 in total must have been spent automating my researching facilities at It Is like crack when you finally get what you wanted 100 hours ago when you bought the game.
76561198014804715,Recommended,427520,21990822,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,TB191,Timesink the game. Awesome!
,Recommended,427520,21999127,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Iced Jack,"A logistics game at its core, Factorio manages to make factory management fun. It follows the tried and true MMO strategy of getting stuff so that you can get more stuff faster. Start off by hand. Upgrade to automated mining. Transport system to get ore from mine to forge. Another transport system to send processed materials to automated fabrication to help produce materials needed to research better mines, better forges, better weapons, and better automated fabrication. Soon the natives start taking offense at your exploitation of their world, so you ramp up production. Build walls. Automated sentries. Research avails faster better weaponry and the means to expand your territory to attain more resources needed to continue research and weapons production.A delightful cycle of resource acquisition and base development."
76561197982972709,Recommended,427520,21999156,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Saridor,Awesome game. Has my OCD into overdrive at times!!!
,Recommended,427520,21991325,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Daddy Joe,Fam it's lit.*thumbs up*
76561197977594547,Recommended,427520,21991379,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dick Nixon,"I'm twentyish hours in and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface.  Every time I restart a factory I feel like I've learned something about layouts and space/resource management.  There are many Eureka! moments in this game and they all feel great.  Theres just something really satisfying about staring at my screen trying to puzzle something out and wondering how I'm going to make things work and then having an idea pop in my head (which may or may not be correct) and trying it out.  When things do go as planned I feel like a genius and when they don't I feel like its very easy to understand why things weren't working the way I had hoped.  Because its easy to understand what you did wrong and learn from it, every time I restart my game I feel like my new factory is significantly better than the previous one.  They only real criticisms that I have is   I really like the art style as well.  Reminds me of watching my uncle play PC games when I was younger.  The only real criticisms that I have for the game is that it takes a long time to get a new factory up and running.  It can take awhile to get to a point where your factory can start automating red science (where I feel like the goes from being a grind to being more engaging) and that their is no planning mode initially (Like in Prison Architect).  You have to pre-plan so much when you start a new factory that it would have been nice if there was a way you could start marking down where you're going to put things while you're waiting for your resources to build up.  There's a blueprint mode that comes later as research, but I really wish it was something that you got initially.  Beyond those two complaints, however, I'm having an absolute blast playing it and could see it being something I stay with for a long time."
,Recommended,427520,21991504,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Neutral End,This game is so much fun.  I love it. Best $25 I have ever spent on Steam.
,Recommended,427520,21994520,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Paultheblank,"This game makes me simultaneously feel like the smartest and dumbest person in the world. The former for figuring out complex problems, the latter for doing things wrong in the first place.Seriously the best factory simulator I've ever played, and I grew up in the Sim(whatever) era.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,427520,21994886,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,pwr bottom for blacks,at least  with meth you get rehab clinics
76561197973176861,Recommended,427520,21994910,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Geoffubazi,"This game is massively Addicting. I have 350 Hours or so at the time of this writing. Build complex factories that are 100% automated, using Inserters, Belts, Automation Centers (factories) trains, you name it. Its all been said in 1000 other reviews, so I wont repeat, but its amazing!"
76561198113101723,Recommended,427520,21972117,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Doge Twinkie,My playtime of factorio categorized.0 hours - 22 hours: Addicted22 hours - 22 hours (For 1 week): Wanting my money back.22 hours - 50+ hours: Thinking of how stupid I was for wanting my money back.
,Recommended,427520,22068738,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Goldenhelm,"I sold all my TF2 inventory to get this one. Bootleged it since 0.9 as there was no payment option I could use on their page. If you like to manage large scale resource operations, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,427520,22071729,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,-Xyph3r-,This is a GREAT Game! It is sooo much fun. I got it and at first i was like what is the point the i watched a guy play and was like woah. now i am playing it so much
,Recommended,427520,22065137,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Awesome Alec,"I loved large tech modpacks for Minecraft; automating large scale production lines to get me everything I could need, but I was alwaying looking for something more. I've kept my eye on this game for the past year, and as soon as it was greenlit on steam, I knew that I would buy it. I played 14 hours straight after first launching Factorio. If you have a job, school, or other time commitments, this game may not be for you unless you are capable of limiting yourself to only playing for an hour or two at a time. Since buying this game, I've played 90 hours in the last month. If that isn't a good enough idea of how much I've enjoyed this game, check out some in-depth reviews about it."
76561198055413924,Recommended,427520,22065259,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Erunno,The best game I've ever played
,Recommended,427520,22062445,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,zard char,Factorio is a game were you start playing and you say ok im just going to try this out then 5 hours later you are still playingi cannot not say that i recomend this game it is a 10 out of 10 i highly recomend it
76561198138427762,Recommended,427520,21840162,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kommissar Krunc,"I don't generally write reviews, but I feel this game could always use another positive rating.Iron Shortage Simulator is perhaps one of my favorite games within my library. I started a server after about an hour of playing alone, and before two days passed, I had converted six others to the Church of Conveyors (hallowed be their names).We set up infrastructure and shot each other and cleared aliens and got wiped out a lot. It was fun. I'm not all that good at, like, critical analysis of games, so... two thumbs way up.Modding community needs to make a StarCraft 1 mod for this game though. Get to work nerds."
,Recommended,427520,21837872,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,gwellin,"Crack should be considered is a gateway drug to this game.  It will consume ever second of your life.  You've been warned.   I have to go, something is diminishing my iron supply."
76561197960721088,Recommended,427520,21838009,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BambiBAM,I work full time with automation. Now full time has a new meaning. 10/10 24/7
,Recommended,427520,21834660,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Molesting Mist,"This game is pure crack. It makes any other resource management game obselete, because everytime you play them, you just think ""man, if only I could automate this like in Factorio."" Look beyond the average graphics and jump on board - I suggest trying just the first couple of campaign missions before starting a standard game.This game is all about optimisation of an assembly line. Sounds boring right? Wrong - this game will have you dreaming about optimisation techniques. It's the kind of game you jump into just for a quick session and then its 5am and what am I doing with my life?The satisfaction of finally nailing an assembly line and having your products streaming out the end at double the rate they were previously is incredible. Some of that satisfaction is lost when you start getting into the flying robots zone; it makes most of the hours you put into transport belts redundant. There's definitely a few items in the game that are all but pointless as well.There's still a few features that could be fleshed out some more, but otherwise this game could easily pass as a full release. Multiplayer is currently annoying to setup (you need to port forward) however it adds a lot, just having the extra sets of eyes to assess efficiency. It's unbelievably optimised (thousands upon thousands of individual items and robots on screen with zero lag) and I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,427520,21781732,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Elijah™,"This game is ingenius! It will make you keep rethinking how you see production... Only ONE problem... The multiplayer has to be set up by the host (Port forwarding is difficult with me and my internet is pretty bad as it is) If the devs could make multiplayer work through steam servers, myself and probably every other owner of a copy of this game would greatly appreciate it.. :D"
76561198034067352,Recommended,427520,21781806,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PsychoSquirrel,"Great game, fun to play, hours just drift away and you are looking back on your evening wondering where it went"
,Recommended,427520,21835588,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Benjicunt,"Probably the best game i have played for years. it is well-planned, it works great and if there's one thing about it that i love, it's that you learn every game mechanic so quickly. 10/10"
76561198010547095,Recommended,427520,21836658,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,deepthinkingfool,Where did my weekend go?
,Recommended,427520,21729367,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Ouch Fitz,"This game is super addictive! Once you hop on a game with a few friends...watch your life disappear! It would be cool to see more variety of aliens, but it's still in dev so maybe they have something planned. Awesome game though!"
76561198117966905,Recommended,427520,21729920,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Hyan Norse,Love the game so far Played it for 5 minutes and got hooked. Have over 4 hours in already and i just got the game :D. I reccomend this game
,Recommended,427520,21732847,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DB_Explorer,"This is a game about well.. conveyor belts and making the tools to make the tools to make the things. At first glance the game seems like something only people interested in something along the lines of the more obsure aspects of a game like EvE online might like.But really thats not true - the game is really a giant puzzle. You have to figure out not only how to make whart you need from ores, stone and wood - which may be easy - but how to make it efficient, and fast. Perfection is hard to attain and can take up fast tracks of time ensuring your schedule for anything other then working out how to make the trains literally arrive on time (to deliver the ore you need from half away across the map).Oh yeah.... and aliens will try to kill you."
,Recommended,427520,21733061,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Evenes,"I love it when games like this come out of nowhere and absolutely steal my heart.You'll never run out of things to do in this one, there's always one more mine you can set up or one more belt line to optimize.If you like design games, you'll love this. If you like minecraft, you'll love this. If you like the Age of Empires visual style you'll love this.In fact, you'll probably at least enjoy this if you like video games.Just don't make any plans for the day."
,Recommended,427520,21733189,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,caroch1,"Bought the game at 8pm, at 6 pm my body forced me to sleep...But my mind did not want to, it kept imagining all those belt contraptions.10/10, easy, addictive, challenging ingenious game!"
,Recommended,427520,21737473,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Admiral Skeleton,"10/10Landed on some aliens homeworld and turned it into the mother of all mega-factories. If they don't understand the obvious benefits a proper train system will bring them, then they deserve my tank shell the face."
,Recommended,427520,21737622,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,drakhri,Fantastic game of automation. Can't wait until more content is released!
76561198007662996,Recommended,427520,21737678,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,iLLboRn,"i am addicted to buying new games often and love new ideas and concepts. I usually never take the time to write a review but this one deserves it. hands down one of the smoothest and most interesting games i have played. worth the money!  Developers id like to see more enemy variety, harder settings, and moreservival aspect....ie, a hardcore mode.  at any rate awesome depth and runs smooth. impresive game. please keep up the good work. ive refered all my friends to this game"
,Recommended,427520,21737937,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Shrocket,No bugs.Addicting.Mod support.Addicting.Challenging.Fun.Addicting.Buy it.You wont regret it.
76561198007329044,Recommended,427520,21738013,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Robmachine,"REALLY FUN! One of those games where you notice you are hungry, figure you just do this one last thing, then two hours later you notice you're hungry again."
76561198026077238,Recommended,427520,21738388,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,suntan,"This game is many things and much has been said. However, it really is the game that reminds me of many aspects of many games in one tidy package that brings joy to my heart. Not sure how big the team that made this is or its history, but I am really glad it exists."
,Recommended,427520,21750922,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,G_Slayer,Installed it. Played it non stop for ^ this many hours.
,Recommended,427520,24364795,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Quebec,"From an iron ore all the way to a rocket ship? You'll thing it would be a long game and it would be, my first game was well 35 hours (by the time I am writing this i have 36 hours in the game) and looking at it the world record is 2 hours. Its something like starting from something small and expanding that, or in my opinion this game is about being as lazy as possible.""Mining? blah, let my machine mine it, great now I need to smelt it, better make arms to put it in furnaces. Oh no i need coal, better put that in the same road. now to make machine to research by making the science packs. WOW, I am making so many arms, better make a machine to make thoes arms. EWW, now I need to make a machine to makes thoes machine, and to upgrade thoes machines... ahh I finally made my rocket ship, and need to make fuel now, grrrrrrrrrreat.""PS. watch out for them biters and spitters, especially them big ones!"
76561197990268999,Recommended,427520,24365308,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Beltane,"I have played so much of this game... Flawlessly executed, really IMO the best sandbox/management game ever made."
76561198027236055,Recommended,427520,24373614,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,carlos.witek,Fantastic game even though it's a very early access.I just can't wait when all the ideas will make way into the game.
76561197983009903,Recommended,427520,24371204,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,mark_p_reed,Get it!  Don't think...DO IT!There is something so fun about building up little automated machines that make the stuff that 30 minutes ago you were making manually.  Very very addictive.  Each level of tech just opens up more and more clever stuff that you can do.10/10 - Would automate again.:)
76561198313211261,Recommended,427520,24366842,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Indogs,This game made me graduate from Engineering degree. you have to play this
,Recommended,427520,24367127,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,МиссПанда,Definitely Worth the money. 10/10 would recommend to anyone down for some good fun :)
76561197969364741,Recommended,427520,24405026,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Judofish,"I never review anything EVER, I've been with steam since 2003, But here I am, Yes game looks♥♥♥♥♥♥ I assure you it's not. it looks too complex I assure you it's not, its just great fun. Nuff said."
76561198033992943,Recommended,427520,24404171,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TTylerTexas,Love this game! if you like the sweet satisfaction of automated organization systems then this is the game for you!! if you like creating automated systems in minecraft then this will take you to a whole new level! love it!
,Recommended,427520,24266738,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dragir,One of the best games i have ever played. Even better with others.This is one of the few games i can honestly have nothing bad to say about.
,Recommended,427520,24270766,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,YubYub,"why hasn't this game been made sooner. such a simple concept, the challenge of creating a structure that works is brilliant"
,Recommended,427520,24293352,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bæssmor Satan,Do you have any interest for mechanical/electrical engineering? Have no interest for a social life? Then Factorio is the thing to buy.Would do Cracktorio again10/10
76561197978605104,Recommended,427520,24290244,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Destijlbenighted,This Game is about automation and if you love automation then this the game you want. In my opinion i like this game alot its fun because you explore and get ores and coal and all of that and you transform it into a crazy automation FACTORY. I really recommend this game
76561198093445603,Recommended,427520,24280196,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,lepolite,"This is a very fun, problem solving, automation, engineering, and base defence game.  The one thing I would say is bad about it, is the multiplayer.  You cannot play multiplayer through steam, you need another application such as hamachi or evolve."
76561198095805600,Recommended,427520,24276305,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Major RoGa,Buy this game.
,Recommended,427520,24278790,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BlackDeath,This is an amazing game
76561197970676917,Recommended,427520,24275643,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,kallanreed,"I have to think twice about opening this game, because every time I do, I lose 4 hours without realizing it. This is one of the most addicting games I've ever played."
76561198245409002,Recommended,427520,24259294,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dale,Made me develop OCD 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,427520,24254464,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Espu,Such wow
,Recommended,427520,24254555,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ChattyRevolver®,"Ah, Factorio.This little gem here is a game of infinite possibility, and your sole goal is to industrialize your crafting into the form of factories galore. It gives you complete control of your game, including the world generation, so that you don't have to worry about those pesky alien monster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s always trying to eat your steam engines or your electric furnaces, at least, not if you don't want to. Hell, you can even BUILD your own world!There isn't much to say about it other than this:It's really ♥♥♥♥ing fun. I love it. I rarely play it, but when I do, I always havea blast with the puzzles I wind up providing myself. These can be anywhere from trying to successfully automate the production of blue science packs, to obliterating an enemy base without dying because my pollution is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them the hell off.If you really like a game of thought and possibility, I'd definitely nudge you towards Factorio. Or Minecraft, but you can't build factories there. OR turrets. Or tanks."
,Recommended,427520,24265850,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tussy_Lambz,"Factorio is the benchmark for base building sim games in my opinion. It is a game that is easy to throw a whole lot of time at. my main concern with it is the tutorial system.. I find that I do not understand what a lot of the ingame structures and upgrades even do, so i have to constantly google what various items functions are in the game. it would be nice to have more in game documentation for a game that is so complex."
,Recommended,427520,24516881,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dabz,"Amazing game, really addictive - started playing friday and couldn't stop playing... didn't manage do my laundry this weekend. Gameplay reminds me of modded Minecraft, just automate all the things, expand to get more resources, advance in the tech tree ...all the good stuff."
,Recommended,427520,23414199,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,shadow91110,"A very engrossing, expansive sandbox game that you wouldnt believe was in early access."
,Recommended,427520,23454882,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,WolfAngel,"My main Plus side to this game is that You can get Entrapped within the complexities of this game ,such as how do you automate  say Iron production etc.  My down side is the Current (6/8/2016) Multiplayer (You might need Third party software such as Evolve)"
76561198065681349,Recommended,427520,23438594,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Name Jeff,this game is great if you have a lot of time. the campain is very teaching about the mechanich. i couldn't get the multiplayer to work tho. if joining through steam would be made possible it would just be fantastic. i would recommend it
,Recommended,427520,23449380,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,PURE GREASE,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is bananas in pajamas
,Recommended,427520,23457628,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BXR1988,So much fun.
76561198020293036,Recommended,427520,23457786,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,yarr-games,Best thing!!!
76561198045120350,Recommended,427520,23458310,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lexitan,What an awsome game.You like builduing and planning this is your game. Fair price for hour and days of playing.Call up a friend and start your factory you wont regreat it. If your tiered of building just get a car or tank and go after some aliens and shoot the **** out of them.5 out of 5.
,Recommended,427520,23457518,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Stinky,this game is worth the $20
76561198038519223,Recommended,427520,23457574,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,icegod59,"Not going to spend time doing the pro and con things that all others do. In a nut this game is just fun for many hours per level. Can be played in any fashion a person pleases. The trailor's explain game play very well and the game is whatever you wish it to be to win the levels. I am  a ""BIG"" fan of oldschool C&C strat. This game takes that style of gameplay to a whole new level. And it is still in EA so will only get better. Try the demo and for $20 US it is a steal........ well done to the dev's for posting a game that is in EA and very playable. First review ever on steam ..... This game needed the ^5 from me ....that's how impressed I got over the first level. Thanks Wube Software LTD. for a very refreshing game .........."
,Recommended,427520,23494483,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Bernerd Backstabber The UnDieing,Best Game i have ever played in the resourse conservation style. I love ever minute of it. Worth the buy.
,Recommended,427520,23502416,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Appelpuree,"Very good, always nw things to do. Never gets old, you can just make your factory better."
76561198033865603,Recommended,427520,23503242,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Skitt.,"Cheep, highly adictive, tons of fun, and devs who listen to the comunity what more could you ask for."
,Recommended,427520,23449918,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,burnzatron,"With the basic concepts of being stranded on an alien planet, tasked with the goal of build an escape spaceship from nothing. Factorio is highly addictive and great. You grow with the game increasing complexity as your perfectionist attitude givens your waking life in haws to improve your working factory. Love it so much. 9/10. Pay full price it's worth it. If you like banished and prison architect you'll love this title."
76561197973432749,Recommended,427520,23493369,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,`Snipr,Minecraft meets Fantastic Contraption meets SimCity2000 meets Starcraft(visuals).One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198077872538,Recommended,427520,23492338,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Arthur king of the Britons,androids dont dream of electric sheepthey dream of conveyer beltslots and lots of conveyer belts
76561198160231921,Recommended,427520,23496185,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,the ninja master,Factorio is fun and you can play for a long time before finishing get this game
,Recommended,427520,23494952,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Darcha,If you like these types of games this one is a true gem. Its possible the best twenty dollars ive spent in steam ever. For me its been worth every penny. It deserves the overwhelming positive response in spades. If you're on the fence buy it.
,Recommended,427520,23488848,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,TrevBond007,You need to play this game.
76561197999326372,Recommended,427520,23489490,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,kadni,"If you like puzzle games, with large amounts of creative playability including good mod depth--this game if for you."
76561198133681147,Recommended,427520,22202336,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Imperator epaulette,Factorio
,Recommended,427520,22383658,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Gamer Doggo,"♥♥♥♥in Natives think they cn go in and overtake my factory?!!I dont think so, #MakeDavidCo.GreatAgain!10/10 would kill natives again"
76561198156090952,Recommended,427520,22382047,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,THE HAT,Had to build 7 machines in order to make one item per 20 seconds 10/10 best time passerBut really it's a good game kind of complex and hard when alianes attack but very satasfing when you scroll out and look at your entire base    just wow...
76561198104370424,Recommended,427520,22384113,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,sp0ukie miLk jUg 38,You Build a factory with the sole purpose of building a bigger factory.
,Recommended,427520,22396748,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,toasterbag,"This game is fantastic, nerdy but fantastic.it runs really well both on my gaming pc and my ultrabook that i pretend to do work on but im rellly just playing this.it is mainly a game about constant reoptimisation, as you research new technologies and makeing new things you base becomes more and more crowded i find that sometimes a complete teardown and rebuild will suit to reoptimise the base to maximise efficancy a that is what this game is ultimatly all about, start from nothing to building a rocket as quickly and efficently as possible just watch out for the aliens as they can be really buggers and are super visious.Multiplayer is also very fun and works extremely well it works on a P2P basis so one player hosts the game on there computer and the others join his session however even with my dodgy internet connection i never really lagged out even when in the middle of a 1000 machines with millions of drones flying over my head.the only bad thing i feel about this game is that the drones can be a little op especially when you have a big netowrk set up since it takes away the need for belts and there for takes away a core element of the gameplay however its not the end of the world since you dont even have to use the if you dont want to which i tend to not use them just to keep that element of challenge that you have organising belts."
,Recommended,427520,22384622,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Skraggerz,Amazing game!
76561198012146485,Recommended,427520,22381476,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,blakey23,Addictive as crack !!
76561198067491837,Recommended,427520,22345520,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ser Mojak,"Only had the game a few weeks (at the time of writing).This game is beautiful for people who love to create a machine, and then adapt and evolve it's complexity to make it more and more efficient. To research the highest of the technologies you have to be able to wage war on the local indigenous population of alien life. This makes it an ingenious combination of research and machine efficiency.10/10♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT"
,Recommended,427520,22345769,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nuttygamer,"Just an awesome game, haven't even gotten to end game."
76561198033709435,Recommended,427520,22379699,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,elliot-_,Brilliant game. A lot of fun.
,Recommended,427520,22377767,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Jaatuli,(Starship Troopers * Prison Architect) ^ 3 = Factorio
76561198007078881,Recommended,427520,22232860,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[TVH]kyocho,Brillitant game5 / 5 *****a brilliant building game with a alien twist
76561198027724317,Recommended,427520,22421549,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,dax616,This is a great game alot of unique things I highly suggest!9/10
,Recommended,427520,22416050,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,MostlySilent,A great little factory game that is incredibly indepth and fun.
76561198280822040,Recommended,427520,30757373,Posted: 26 March,all,gill2cyclops,Very good.
76561198178292295,Recommended,427520,22432708,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Albino Humping Worm,1. makes first steam engine       2. runs around and cheers      3. finds strange hemisphere thing         4.  takes a closer look             4. DIES                                                  Yes i definatly think that you need to get this.
,Recommended,427520,22431391,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,IceStorm,"im 19 hours in and still feel like iv only touched the tip of the iceberg, im playing peaceful mode not restarted this is a true long play city builder stylehowever in peaceful mode its quite slow as you wait for things to research in the lab, but the sheer depth of the game and its design will have you constantly rebuilding and redesigning your base on your first play through as you learn something new and impliment itso far i would like to see the robots improved and i can see very quickly that i would like more resources than the default as im starting to go quite far spread for resources while the base is still much smalleralso its a shame (im sure i will find out im wrong shortly) that the oil refinery stops when any one of the outputs are full, but again thats still quite new on my gamethink i have finally found the game that equals settlers 3, if your on the fence try the demo but remember the demo really is tiny to the full game."
76561198168747243,Recommended,427520,22434310,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Spencer Wade,Played this game for 26 hours over the weekend. couldnt stop got to space in pretty much one go. Would do it all again
76561198131195291,Recommended,427520,22441277,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Topher The Gopher,"You will lose track of time, and it is highly addictting. Must have game of 2016!"
76561198116350920,Recommended,427520,22441347,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,tip,Why this game is fun and frustrating:I build my first furnace and start smelting iron and copper with coal.I realise that it doesn't fit in with my future plans.*Destroys and rebuilds in a better way*I have got research labs up and am making science packs by hand.I realise that it doesn't fit in with my assembling machines.*Destroys and rebuilds in a better way*I make all my furnaces automated as well as my boilers for power.I realise that it isn't space conservative or efficient.*Destroys and rebuilds in a better way*This process is one that will be repeated thousands of times to come and this is why i love this game : because it MAKES YOU THINK.
,Recommended,427520,22299332,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SevenDeLeven,"This game is really amazing and well done! It has an atmosphere that not many games have, so it is really extraordinary what this game can do.  Love it!"
,Recommended,427520,22299566,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Megs,Goodbye life.  I'm busy building factories now.
76561198146936642,Recommended,427520,22300183,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bentonmoulds,It is awesome
76561198060541124,Recommended,427520,22287718,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Warped04,Very Intense game.
,Recommended,427520,22393755,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Dongen Burger,Amazing game. A little hard to grasp at first but I will soon get the hang of it
,Recommended,427520,22425606,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,endurio,Factorio is the best game I have played for a long time
76561197997316448,Recommended,427520,22419581,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Boost McBoostface,"If you are an engineer, you will like this game. If you are a perfectionist, you will play this game way too much."
,Recommended,427520,22436301,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,IGetBoard,10/10
,Recommended,427520,22441548,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,FlyinFungi,I dream conveyer belts
,Recommended,427520,30757905,Posted: 26 March,all,Bool-Aid Man,"""What the hell went wrong"" simulator, but, even with only 5 hours I am hooked and recommend this game to anyone that enjoys engineering/architectual type games."
76561198089488251,Recommended,427520,22442059,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Fameus,albert einstein was right about relativity in this game
76561198159218894,Recommended,427520,22442206,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,noahcoolguy12,i dont know how to join my friend im writing his ip but it says no server found  but otherwise its a great game
76561198039598402,Recommended,427520,22437460,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ghost,get it
76561198071929839,Recommended,427520,30757940,Posted: 26 March,all,omerosaienni,I absolutely adore this game. Adult minecraft with a lot of realism. Management of conveyor systems. Turrets. Pipes. Electricity.It is what I expect from a sim game and more. Was really disappointed with SimCity. This game got my entuasiasm back into the genre.
76561198109185169,Recommended,427520,22463684,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Short_Circuit87,"WARNING: Playing Factorio is highly addictive andcanwill affect yourreal lifemanagement,DO NOT START!11/10  Healthier alternative to crack."
76561198030095422,Recommended,427520,22456872,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bole,Addicting...but prepare to be catching your tail a lot. That 5x productivity increase is always just 1 hour away... but that hour never ends.
76561198066986524,Recommended,427520,22456885,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dumb Chungo,"Factorio is possible over one of my favorite games of all times, right up there with dark souls 2, bloodborne, and Shadow of Colossus. The graphic style is one of my favorites too, and considering it's relatively new, it has amazing gameplay features. waffles."
76561197960648724,Recommended,427520,22457576,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ichi,Pretty sweet game
,Recommended,427520,22434149,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gaza,I lost sleep for this game I would starve again for it10/10 would starve again
76561198273229931,Recommended,427520,22282290,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,talltree2020,amaing game good for all the inner nerds in us
,Recommended,427520,22290956,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,hopje123,Starcraft meets Transport tycoon.
,Recommended,427520,22279600,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Khaled Al-Asad,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561197979058906,Recommended,427520,22290090,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,schroe2a,Check out my short review:http://andyschroeder.blogspot.com/2016/04/my-thoughts-on-factorio.html
76561198031687674,Recommended,427520,22290327,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Bangin Mc Hangin,When i buy a game. I want to enjoy 1 hour for every dollar it cost. Bought this game for $20 and it took just over 50 hours to finish my 1st playthrou. Its a Great relaxing game. Early game is about setting up ur factory. mid-late game is trying to keep everything powered and iron out ur supply chain. all in all its a great game. i few things i would like to see if different ways to defend ur base. better combat robots. and some type of mutiplayer
76561198051867472,Recommended,427520,22290383,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PokeyUp,"I would make a long review that is well thought out, but I want to get back to playing."
76561197967942268,Recommended,427520,22293329,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,w00ty,"it's addictive once you pick it up and play.. parts of it can be challenging, wrapping your head around the conveyer belts is step 1.. the rest is gravy.  need 2 play more"
76561198280159946,Recommended,427520,22239831,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ajf24,this is the best game i have played by far i got it a week ago and have played it every day
,Recommended,427520,22249860,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Starzy,"5/7, perfect score."
76561198024969911,Recommended,427520,22249406,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Yendor,"Have you ever wanted to build a city-sized factory spewing out pollution from all that burning coal? One with turrets to shoot any natives trying to attack your pollution-spewing strip mines?   Of course, you have!Factorio is a building / crafting / logistics management game. Despite being listed as Early Access, it is complete and bug-free.To give a tiny flavor of gameplay, one early task many players perform is to automate the production of green science packs. To make one, you need to find some iron ore which is extracted (possibly with an electric drill), smelted (possibly with a steel smelter), turned into a gear wheel, and combined with another plate to make a transport belt (you probably used a bunch to move all that ore and plate around). Oh, you also need copper ore to turn into copper plate to turn into copper wire to turn into electronics (with yet more iron plate) to make an inserter (very handy device). The inserter combines with the transport belt to make a green science pack. Now connect a bunch of factories and converyers and inserters together so you can make a pack per second since research needs a lot of them.  Oh, and you can also make plastics from petroeum gas, electric engines for flying robots, a tank to drive around, power amour, trains, ....The game is under active development; the developers have weekly blogs giving hints of what they are up to. But even if the developers decided right this second that Factorio would never receive any more updates, it is worth the money for anyone that likes crafting / base building / sandbox kinds of things."
76561198115969926,Recommended,427520,22247819,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,PuffyBananaSleeves,
,Recommended,427520,22246984,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Narotic,For all those who dont know how to make a server its call Hamachi-IGN10/10
76561198201767146,Recommended,427520,22247226,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Kazeel_Amataka,"Got the Demo. Played it for an hour. Got the full game. Played it for another five hours. Plan to play for another five hours the next day, and the next day, and the next day..."
76561198244772252,Recommended,427520,22247561,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,davidshactel,My newborn is crying and my masters thesis goes unwritten but I have a tight production line and no end of iron and copper ore. This game has messed my priorities up.
,Recommended,427520,22247663,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,sUfFeRiNg,Where did the last few days go..
,Recommended,427520,22314340,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Smiler,A game where dreams become reality.
,Recommended,427520,22334589,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[XI] Kauê,"Conveyors belts, lots of it, tons of it, I need more iron plates."
,Recommended,427520,22335778,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Constantine,This game is a good early access gameIt is fun to playIt is complex (conveyors everywhere)Requires thinking (consume your time)What makes it fun is play with your friends (make larger factory)better than other survival games (my opinion)Tank is OP! (don't go into swarm of worms it will mow you down)The downsideThis game lacks of weaponsThe guide doesn't explain much (you have to learn it yourself)Considering this gameAddicted!Fun!Meant to be played with friends!
76561198071585445,Recommended,427520,22336420,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,general kitten(FI),this is very good game for those who played tekkit or like building massive factories. ideas for developers: 1 napalm ammo or something like that would be great 2 i would like to mod more my vechiles 3 lot bigger tech tree hat would take days to complete 4 planes? 5 mortars ? 6 maybe  something like your own little army 7 super advanced constructor(makes the parts for things like your inventory but mayde like alot slower and energy greedier) 8 nuclear generators and nukes 9 more ways to make energy 10 alot more to do generally (70 % of the game finished in 8 hours) 11 pets i want my own kittens plz kittens 12 more mineralspros:very fun gameplaylot to think and optimiziegenerally good gamenot much bugs i mean like bugs not the living bugscons:lot to think a lot its may not be con but if you are not good at thinkingalmost no variety of bug now i mean the living onesa lot to work still
,Recommended,427520,22336461,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,PURRSIDENT TRUMP | Gamdom.com,"Awesome game but i have a couple of ideas, i do know that the game is still in early access.1) Ships could be added to the game, there is a lot of water in the game and boats could be a great asset.2) Planes could be added, airports could be in the game and i think that it would be brilliant if it was in the game as well.3) Health packs could be in the game, i have not came across any health packs or health regeneration things in the game.Hopefully some of these ideas could be in the game and if they are then it would awesome!10/105*/5*"
76561198242488714,Recommended,427520,22332210,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TechnicalToast,10/10
,Recommended,427520,22332394,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Clark W. Griswold,virtual crack...
76561198014539309,Recommended,427520,22297791,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,boxmann,this is probably the best game ever.see also infinifactory.
,Recommended,427520,22228117,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Unilew,"this is a great game, i finished it within 9 hours. It was verry enjoy-able and is good for a whole spectrum of gamers, if you like survival, micro managment (but fun) and other things you should definatley get it."
,Recommended,427520,22227526,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Borret,"Endless complexity or a quick round of tower defense. It's a puzzle and a shooter that makes you think sometimes while other times you blast away aliens. How you play is up to you. Extensive mod community, friendly devs. No wonder this is the second highest rated steam game of all time."
76561197994926401,Recommended,427520,22225563,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Konidias,"Factorio is exceptionally fun to play. Learning all of the ins and outs of how to most efficiently build things has left me playing this game for hundreds of hours. The only major downside to this game is that once you realize your base is pretty adequately safe, and the only factor preventing you from finishing the game is collecting the final resources for the rocket launch, it gets kind of pointless. I've played through the game once and on my second play through after building the rocket silo and the satellite, I just didn't see a reason to finish. I knew I'd be able to eventually collect enough resources to build the rocket... it was just a matter of time. Playing the waiting game... building more factories for rocket parts. There wasn't any challenge left. I almost feel like the whole rocket assembly process isn't necessary. Let me build the satellite and rocket silo and call it a day.The only other thing I can say is I wish there were more interesting campaigns to play. Hopefully in the future there are different ways to win the game also. I wouldn't mind focusing entirely on military and just eradicating all of the enemies on the planet as a win condition. Also, some form of bridge making or flight transport would be a big bonus.I also found little use for railways or robots due to playing the game with rich resources... I'm not really sure I'd be too excited to play the game on normal settings as collecting resources would require far too much effort only to have them run dry quicker.Overall I highly recommend the game though. You'll get far more play time out of it than most games so the value is amazing. I played it through twice and that's more than I can say about 99% of games I've ever played."
76561198022106549,Recommended,427520,22226099,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ironhand,Very addictive game.
76561197977804128,Recommended,427520,22225101,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jlaurila,"I've played this game for 24 hours over 2 days so yes, it's addictive ;) It feels unique and fresh and it's easy to learn but still has a lot of depth. It always feels like there's something new just around the corner. I like the fact that you can tear down anything and rebuild it immediately without it costing you anything. This makes it possible to redesign your factory on the fly without worrying about your mistakes being permanent.If you liked Transport Tycoon, Minecraft or Sim City you should give this game a try. Highly recommended.Even though the version I played was ""early access"" the game has tons of content, doesn't feel unfinished and runs reliably. I didn't encounter any bugs during my play so far. I played version 0.12.29, early April 2016 on a late 2013 Retina Macbook Pro using the touchpad. Some operations could be more convenient with a mouse but it's perfectly playable with the touchpad."
,Recommended,427520,22225300,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,"Jimmy ""Arm the poor"" Dore",You know the feeling of wonder you got when you first played Minecraft all those years ago?This is game gives you that feeling 10x over.
,Recommended,427520,22223068,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,I Am Not A Crook,"One of the most engaging videogames I've ever played, and I've played a lot of games. A game is built correctly when from simple mechanics, extremely complex gameplay and challenges emerge. There is no more perfect example of such a game than Factorio, it really is a masterpiece that deserves all of the praise it's getting. It runs just as well on my laptop that was purchased new for $500 more than 5 years ago as it does on my $4000 desktop. It runs perfectly in 3440x1440, something many indiegames fail to do. There are just no issues whatsoever that tarnish the incredible gameplay.One thing I would  like to see added however is a couple of shortcuts or UI improvements that make inventory management in the late-game a little easier, as well as an option to open a list of all storage items and select things from it to be delivered via drone, however this is such a minor thing that I almost shouldn't include it in a review. And knowing the devs it will probably be added in eventually anyway!Great game, easily 10/10. For the price it's a no-brainer. Strong buy."
,Recommended,427520,22223454,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,mralacran,"Amazing game. Keeps me hooked and I still have so much to do, so much to automate, so much progress to be had. It really makes you think analitically about how to make the best factory possible. Love it! Completely addicted."
76561198104503117,Recommended,427520,22226283,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Banguer,"Very Good solo game. Nice craft and upgrade system. Nice resources to use in game.This game deserv lobby list for multiplayer, not only by IP(otimo jogo solitario, bom sistema de construicao e recuros, evolução muito legal)"
76561197971040286,Recommended,427520,22226297,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Microsoft Word™,"Wow! 100/100. One of the best games I have ever played.What an exquisitely executed game. There are a huge amount of things I could say about how wonderful this game is, and the very much nothing that I dislike so far. I will touch on a few of the things that stand out the most concerning how amazing this game is.The first is the overall game feel. It may be early access, but it plays like a complete and polished game, with very few bugs appearing. The only potential bug I have experienced is trivial, and comes about when you have two different materials going through the same furnace. This could be intentional, however. Aside from that, it is truly engaging and challenging, while also easing you in properly and without seeming too overwhelming right at once. It also makes you step back and appreciate how some polish goes a long way towards creating beautiful worlds out of minimal graphics packages.The game has a wonderful combination of mechanics, with a sort of amalgamation of Minecraft, Command & Conquer, Sim City, and a few RPG elements tossed in. The balance of base building, resource management, incredible tech tree depth, combat, creativity, and strategy is phenomenal, and you have very little down time in this game while you're just waiting for things to happen, which is one of the best parts of the game. The crafting tree, which is integral to the gameplay, is very quick and doesn't feel like it drags on. That being said, you're crafting such a large quantity of things that it ultimately takes quite a while. You just don't get stuck doing nothing while its happening.I love the crafting mechanics and tech tree, as well as the way the game doesn't punish you for moving buildings around, but encourages you to rearrange your base with some regularity instead. All the negative side effects of destroying and moving buildings in RTS games is erased, and so you can freely try over and over to arrange things to your liking or functional necessity. In this sense, you get a great way to explore what the game can do without having lost a bunch of money or resources on useless items that you don't know how to use yet.It is hard to describe how engaging this game is on so many levels until you start to play and see the depth for yourself. I have rarely come across a game of such high quality and balance, while being completely flexible and customization. It is engaging from start to finish. If you're the kind of person who likes to fill out tech trees in any game you play, you will be quite ecstatic about the sheer breadth of options and progressions to the technology this game contains.Like most open world games, this is also an excellent game for exploring and just doing whatever the hell you want. While a lot of the gameplay focuses on the automation of large scale production and complex infrastructure, you also will start to see some of the more creative and goofy things you can do with this technology, and have ample opportunity while playing a standard campaign mission or a skirmish map to futz around with a silly idea you have to design your train schedule so that once an hour all your trains line up on the tracks and spell the word ""1337"" or some other such ridiculousness. The possibilities are endless, and get more endless the further through the tech tree you progress.All in all, this game takes some of the best elements from a fair number of game genres and combines them with perfect balance and execution, and really has demonstrated what is possible without insane fancy graphics, extreme AI, and heavy lifting engines. It has a tiny footprint compared to most games, but offers more in its tiny package than most games I have ever played. You will not be able to get bored with this game, though you might start wondering what happened to all your friends, or the sun, or your job, as you sink deeper and deeper into this immersive game. Worth every penny you could spend on it."
,Recommended,427520,30745009,Posted: 26 March,all,Velho Barreiro,"This game is pretty great for an Early Access Game.Tons of fun, entertainment, strategy, and endless possibilities.I play with a friend that does a lot of Math by paper while analyzing the best way to put our assembling stations.Me? Well, I just roll around and play Mad Max saying ""Say hello to my little Friend, ALIENS! "". Also build military assembling stations that ocupies the double amout of area my friend would use.If you wanna feel like a Texan Engineer in Mars, using perpetual motion belts to achieve glorious pollution whilst researching Rocket Science, look no further."
76561198000522347,Recommended,427520,22378160,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dreadpull,After playing this game I want to apply to local factory
,Recommended,427520,22378209,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Jeffrix1258,really really really fun learning how to play this game. Its great fun to play whne you have free time to yourself. Better than whatever else you might do when your alone ;)
76561198081018260,Recommended,427520,22375845,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,R.I.P Mythbusters,gr8 game but make easier multiplayer like terraria plz i dont know how to port forward and♥♥♥♥♥
76561198015509780,Recommended,427520,22375858,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,goat,This game is great fun for whoever likes building games. It's all about automation and creating systems. Using conveyor belts and factories and miners you automate everything and just watch the resources flow in. Fun and addicting.
76561197974411548,Recommended,427520,22376187,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Dr.Smurfy*,"Absolutely YES. If you love Minecraft, or had at some point or another. You need this."
76561198040680096,Recommended,427520,22372713,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,MacgruberKent,"Great logistics management game. Plenty of room to improve.Very well thought out game and i understand is still early access.Campaign was fun but would love double or almost triple the missions.Free play also has a long, lengthy, achievable goal of creating a rocket, which is fun, but once achieved i felt no will to keep playing the game.,With customisable scenarios the game will be quite fun as it is best played with goals to reach.Combat is a bit dumb but can atleast be mildly challenging if not managed correctly.All in all a very good game with my par being $1 an hour for a good game i roughly spent 50c an hour."
76561198153571945,Recommended,427520,22373180,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,campbellc2006,It a great game but i wish it could be better to connect to your friend sever like a sever list or just invite them to your game i wih they would do that in the next update
76561198106029696,Recommended,427520,22374680,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,✫ JerkingAllDay,"Awesome game, delevopers still doing their thing and its turning out great."
76561197993061405,Recommended,427520,21718880,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tiaguerazortea,Yes!
,Recommended,427520,21719257,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BusterBrown,I went hungry playing this game
,Recommended,427520,21719334,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Fazzan,After spending hours automating stuff... I'm still having fun.
,Recommended,427520,21719369,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,take it easy,Real World Fact: All science is done inside of geodesic domes.
,Recommended,427520,21717985,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Cromulon,Sehr gut!
,Recommended,427520,21718033,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,GreenTrafficCone,"God damn it, I'm up in 3 hours to go to work and yet I'm still playing this game!!  Seriously, read the other reviews if you need to but then buy this game and then buy a clock to sit right next to you or you will lose months..."
76561198031435175,Recommended,427520,21717188,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,meat man.,a sandbox puzzle game where solutions are dynamic and can always be improved.a plus that this timedump of a game that has one perpetually thinking.
,Recommended,427520,21772693,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AndyError,"Highly recommended if you like creating, customizing, and improving on a base from scratch. A big part of the game is figuring out how to automate things and make them more efficient. Word of warning though, the tutorial only scratches the surface and the initial learning curve is steep so I personally needed to resort to reddit and youtube to figure out what was going on. Once I got more comfortable with the game though, it was a lot of fun."
,Recommended,427520,21774150,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,John.Flick,"Short Version:Fantastic management/building simulator! If you're a fan of the genre, you wont be dissapointed.The Long Version:If you like building/management games but were a little letdown by recent big budget iterations, I don't believe you'll be disappointed in this game. It's a great management simulator that manages to bring you back to those original, rose-colored days spent playing SimCity from your DOS command line.The UI is a bit clunky in some ways. There are a TON of tech and building options, but they are all sort of thrown into the same grid system with not a lot of vertical hierarchy to help you organize them. It can be a little hard to find what you're looking for at times.If you don't spend hours playing simulation games and enjoy the learning curve involved, stay far away. It has a steep one, but it's the trial-and-error nature of the game that is the most rewarding part. Once you start to figure out how to setup your assembly lines, you'll become fast obsessed with optimizing them for maximum output.If this sounds like something you're even slightly interested in, don't hesitate picking this up.***Side note on Multiplayer***The games netcode is rock solid. I'm not sure how anyone had any problems. You might need to forward a port. There's just no friends or lobby system so you have to connect directly with your hosts ip address. Popping in and out of games works seemlessly. You can also send saves back and forth if you know where to find them in your user appdata folder."
,Recommended,427520,21778107,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nauticus,"100% satisfies my gaming A.D.D.  I would call this game a 'RTM' (Real Time Multi-tasking).Harvest, build, automate, improve automation, research, maintain security, secure resources, produce faster, upgrade, faster faster faster!!!"
76561198262842527,Recommended,427520,21776863,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,carterptak94,It is awesome!!!!
76561198179545631,Recommended,427520,21777075,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Blackhawkdown341,It wont play because I cant chose terrain
,Recommended,427520,21774810,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Yosam,
76561198073275614,Recommended,427520,21770752,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,aurichj,This game will make you lose sense of time. You will be so focused on how you can organize your base to make it time efficient that the world around you will just disappear. A great part about this game is that it actually makes you think. It has some similarities with rts' but your main focus is your base and how big and effective you can make it while also building other bases making them big and effective while also fending off huge amounts of aliens. This one is an instant classic for me. Buy it now before they raise the price when they officially release it.
,Recommended,427520,21770870,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,vandiemen007,"Absolutely amazing.  Campaign mode could use some work and the game definitely needs more in-game documentation but as it is, the game is bursting with potential.  I can't wait to see what the devs add next."
,Recommended,427520,21771153,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Fishy,adadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadad10/10
,Recommended,427520,21771251,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Azarod,cool
,Recommended,427520,21794172,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SPACE TIME COP FROM SPACE,This game is rad
,Recommended,427520,30726431,Posted: 25 March,all,BaDa5sPaNdA,This Game is more Addictive than heroin. 10/5
76561198168041872,Recommended,427520,21792065,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Henrles Googlestein,Purchases game friday evening.  Hears an alarm clock going off- looks up from game to see its Monday and time for work.10/10
76561198249681152,Recommended,427520,21632598,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,deltuhvee,"This game is AWESOME. The wors thing about it is the graphics which are still pretty good, the menu isn't the best either. But the gameplay is amazing. This is great for people who love using their brain to solve problems or make then easier in a video game."
,Recommended,427520,21629993,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,VawR-TeKS,14 hours and plenty more to go.This is  a great game if you like planning and logistics...or if you just like watching things tick.When your factory is going and working all by itself you get a weird sense of accomplishment that makes you want to push on and do more things. Its a great game and i highly recommend.
76561198009268231,Recommended,427520,21630145,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Thagirion,"Great game, highly recommended."
76561197997735748,Recommended,427520,21630455,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,justn444,I would highly recommend this game for those that love logistics.  Similiar and yet much much better executed than Pharma.  I lost a week of my life to this game.  Well polished for an Early Access Game.  Great MOD community also.  None of my gozillion games appealed to me and I bought on a fluke.  Glad I did... My wife and children aren't.  :)
,Recommended,427520,30704368,Posted: 24 March,all,Dan,"Incredibly addicting game, you feel like you've got everything exactly how you want it, then you go to add something else and you realise that everything you've ever known is a lie and your previous work is a disgrace. Very fun to play with friends too - you collaborate on building a giant automated factory."
76561198111529479,Recommended,427520,30702282,Posted: 24 March,all,hopscotch,"if u like building games, its a must have. maybe the best game i have found in the last years!this game is a early access game, but u will not realice it. its epic, and getting even better with upcomming updates!"
,Recommended,427520,30703186,Posted: 24 March,all,Keeper,"Best game ever.Not finished yet. Soon as multi cpu / threading and super mega factory support added it becomes ""perfect"""
,Recommended,427520,30696773,Posted: 23 March,all,Shmeeper,"This game is not for everyone. But for those it IS for, it is absolute perfection. The developers are so in tune with the community and how the game plays and runs. The result is an impeccably-programmed masterpiece of factory building that can be scaled to a ridiculous degree without slowing or crashing. To say this game has a high ceiling would be selling it short. I've never heard of a single player game with as much replay value as this one. An incredible achievement, and it's still in Early Access!"
,Recommended,427520,30697747,Posted: 23 March,all,mark.nau,Fantastic game for those who love builder-management-optimizing games.
,Recommended,427520,30696195,Posted: 23 March,all,treddy73,"I cannot stop playing Factorio.  There is always something to optimize in your factory.  There is always something to automate.  There is never enough hours in the day to accomplish these tasks.  Your goal is to launch a rocket.  But, after launching your first rocket, that is just the beginning of the game.I think if you look at the sheer number of hours people put into this game to create amazing factories, you'll quickly realize that $20 is a bargain price for this game."
,Recommended,427520,21533317,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fullmetal Maniac,"Very fun, very addictive. Played 7 hours straight the day I bought the game. It is mesmorizing. You can spend 30 minutes building something awesome and 2 hours just watching it."
,Recommended,427520,21678723,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Invalid_Deacon,It's everything you could want in a game plus more
76561197964811791,Recommended,427520,21678923,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,underbreath,Game is like crack wasted my whole weekend playing it. Want to play more!!!
,Recommended,427520,21678974,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,soshimo,"I landed on an alien planet with nothing but some wood and a couple plates of metal I salvaged off my ship.  The first thing I did was build a pick.  I used that pick to dig up some stone, iron, and coal.  I also chopped down some trees to clear an area for my operations.  Using my knowledge from my home planet I was able to build a couple of furnaces and I was smelting the iron into metal plates in no time.  I used to plates to build other things that I remembered from my home planet.  I researched these things and was able to gain more knowlege of technologies and soon I had factories automatically building the components I needed for my research and my research started taking off.  Soon, however, this nasty group of creatures showed up.  Looking like a cross between shrimp, pill bugs, and armadillos these nasty things made short work of my wonderful constructions.  I was able to put the nasty bugs to rest finally, but soon more of their friends showed up to wreak more havok.  I was able to build some turrets and I placed some second tier ammo in there to protect my factories.Then I looked at the clock and was astounded that 6 hours had flown by!Highly recommend."
76561198017451492,Recommended,427520,21694146,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Phlange,how come you have not bought it yet?
,Recommended,427520,21693870,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Adam.,Make sure you done launch a ♥♥♥♥ing rocket without a satellite in!Best game ive played since CS:GO came out.
,Recommended,427520,21692963,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,skeetons,it's pretty gud
,Recommended,427520,21693002,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ardragoon,"bought it. hate it.i only played a ""few"" hours...Its like hell. you cant get afk.Theres something missing and theres something missing.X_xWell. The game got extreme potential. But now? Im Finished -.-Theres nothing more todo :/Yes i`ve startet the rocket.Forgot the Satelite.Build another one WITH a Satelite.Done.Sure, i can play on. But for what?PLS GIVE ME MORE CONTENT! :DI love it. worth every € :>keep on :D"
76561198055418859,Recommended,427520,21693199,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Burnacus,"This game is like Tetrus, after playing it you see it in your dreams.9.9/10, -.1 for sleepless nights"
76561198006933176,Recommended,427520,21688560,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Schroeder53,"Recommend to buy this only before a day off and which you don't have any pressing plans. I bought on Friday at 6pm and 3am Saturday I realized I hadn't moved nor ate, I never forget food.The only way you'll get bored is if you have no imagination as this game is great, simple, yet so complex at the same time."
76561198001841569,Recommended,427520,21749134,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Caridous,"This game is so unique, I have difficulty comparing it.It's one part The Incredible Machine, one part Minecraft, one part ARPG. As other users have stated, one minute you start off just chipping at some iron. Next you've got a minor mining operation going. Within a few hours, you're suddenly looking at a sprawling automation system that you can't quite realize was your handywork. But it was. It was endless tinkering with production lines to make sure efficiency is maximized, whether this is you deleting products, or adding them. Then suddenly you get the Robot logistic system, and you find yourself recreating those lines you spent so much time on because you're always getting more efficient systems.If you want a highly addictive game, this is for you.Word of warning: One does not simply pla for 10 minutes"
,Recommended,427520,21550329,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ToXeye,"Ok. Here's the deal. The baseline for a game could be realism. Then there's pseudorealism. Then there's chaos. This game has found a nice spot in between, so that you can experience ""how it is"" to run a factory. At least that's what the game's premises are: provide you with plenty of ways to automate and produce.What would be hardcore realism then? For example: The conveyors move ""for free"". That's not realistic, but it works for a game. Why would you want anything other than realism? That's where this game excels. This game is ""gamey"". It does what it can to make you feel comfortable while completing puzzles and making things work.So. The game lets you run around and mine, craft, research, defend, offend(kill aliens, animal cruelty), drive vehicles (a car as far as I know), order trains around and the occasional other thing that I have not yet seen. The crafting can be automated for any task, which demands your attention and puzzle solving capabilities.A lot of fun. I recommend this game.Post Scriptum: There's plenty left for me to explore. I have merely scraped the surface of Factorio.PPS: Make science! Make it with your bare hands! ahahaAddendum (a week after, approximately): I visited a friend whom I showed this game, and he pointed out the following: It's weird how you can use your pickaxe since the game is about building circuits. I do still believe that the game makes a point in that it lends some feeling of empowerment to the player. The avatar is good to make the progress noticable, rather than non-existant. My idea for this was that ""perhaps you can change the avatar into something else. Something like the science station from starcraft, or some other graphical object"" The line of reasoning was that the game was ""not logical"". Other things complained about was that the game had a strange mix of working and broken. However, I feel that some compromise has to be made. Otherwise, there would be no game to show and just an idea that falls through the sieve of consciousness."
76561198071741072,Recommended,427520,21746954,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Supreme Being,Very addictive
76561197988304909,Recommended,427520,21747682,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,$un$et_157,simply solid satisfy
76561198127089227,Recommended,427520,21747988,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,QuitsDoubloon87,I...CAN'T...STOP...HELP...
76561197970359319,Recommended,427520,21748093,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,nullus_anxietas121,"This is the management game I've always dreamed of. Think Spacechem, but with a gigantic blank canvas and only one (distant) goal. The old, good Settlers games, but with a little more manual intervention. The controls can be a little fiddly at first, but once you know the key combinations and dont have to click so much it's a lot smoother. Absolutely worth a look"
76561198069039038,Recommended,427520,21744948,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,slaptenok,Absolutely addictive.
,Recommended,427520,21745112,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,smoothface202,Awesome.
76561198080481386,Recommended,427520,21748179,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SNAFU,"Yeah, I highly recommend this game if your into games like Minecraft or Starcraft or Civilization. I feel that this game is sort of a blend of MassiveMultiplayerOnline, RealTimeStrategy, & GrandStrategy genres."
76561198127114912,Recommended,427520,21750236,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sir_Stratosphere,"It's addictive, intuitive and fun, I can't wait to get back onto my pc to play it more, the graphics honestly don't bother you when you start getting into the game!"
,Recommended,427520,21750507,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,JeepusPipis,"I'm a fan of mechanics involving automation.  I'd recommend completing the tutorial just so you can have a grasp of what you need to do.  What the game excels at is its inventory management, and the general flow of the game as you find out what you decide to do next."
76561197987915564,Recommended,427520,21743345,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kash Ka,"This game is more addictive than crack, ""just one more hit then I'll stop"" you keep telling yourself. Next thing you know it's 5:30am and you have work in two hours. But every hit was worth it."
,Recommended,427520,21731654,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,BOT Marley,"I can't think of anything bad to say so far, very fun game that is optimized great. Worth a try if you ever enjoyed minecraft tech mod packs"
76561198089257666,Recommended,427520,21731740,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Raw food aficionado,"I'm not a big fan of sandboxy engineering sims, because of one reason: I just fail to motivate myself. What's the point of building an awesome battlecruiser class spaceship, if there's just few pirates, which you can easily gun down using small Frigate? What's the point of a huge farm, if you're equally as well satiated using few backyard carrots? You get my idea - there's just no real motivation.Factorio is different:- there's a clear end-game: you get a goal to build a spaceship. It's your choice how do you approach it, but you still have to build a mega-factory in order to do that- Starcraft style zergs:  local fauna will evolve together with you and will get much stronger, depending on how much you pollute the planet. This aspect produces a recurring goal of securing your base and investing into military up until the very end-game"
,Recommended,427520,21720000,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Commander Jar Jar,"This game is great, the only problem I have with it is the multiplayer is pretty bad right now, but with the talk of making a multiplayer matching server for the future, I am pretty excited. This game will take over your life."
,Recommended,427520,21720091,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Magnus,"It's an excellent building game. Well balanced, extremely deep. Graphics are easy to understand, even if not beautiful."
76561198070270018,Recommended,427520,21706576,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Thorax89,"So, I downloaded this game, then found out I was playing it for 10 hours, missed 10 phonecalls, and the food which i ordered.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21728564,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,_xqr,Reminds me of old tycoon games10/10
,Recommended,427520,21726522,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,X Death Edge X,"Extremely well done game that combines classic sim city and games such as Starbound and Terraria. The learning curve is a little higher than some, but there are plenty of resources to find the answers you need.  Keep up the great work!"
76561198287915784,Recommended,427520,21729001,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,AP_Gamer466,ugly 1
76561198067505128,Recommended,427520,21759389,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,itsmes3,The most accurate George Bush sim I have ever played.
76561198019011460,Recommended,427520,21759458,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,DirtySanchez,No time to write a long review. Have to go back to work (Factorio).Just love this game!!
,Recommended,427520,21759546,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,galebob22,"So addicting be prepared to lose track of time. Everything needs to be improved. Another boiler for power, another ore field for production, endless work to be done and I love it."
76561197968367761,Recommended,427520,21765416,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TonyC,"Fantastic!One of those ""just one more thing and I'll go to sleep"" games; you then realise it's 3am and you've been playing for 6 hours.The sheer amount of stuff you can do and make is staggering."
76561197970389401,Recommended,427520,21765420,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ramtop_rambler,"This game is utterly, utterly wonderful and properly addictive. I couldn't sleep last night due to many conveyor belts whirring round in my brain.During the campaign, which is basically a tutorial, took me nearly 20 hours of gameplay - longer than I get for most AAA titles at £35.If you like really in-depth games that require hours of watching youtube tutorials, like Kerbal Space Programme, or CK II. You will love this.Get it bought."
,Recommended,427520,21764884,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Salt,+built factory+polluted world+ran over natives (bitters) with tank+killed all life+life compleat
,Recommended,427520,21760996,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Dr. Dacnomaniac,I can put a 100 tonne Diesel Locomotive inside the trunk of a 1 tonne car and still drive it.10 tonnes out of 10
76561198045333153,Recommended,427520,21761906,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,an hero,"The reviews are true.I'm sure your contemplating getting this 25$ game with 99% positive review scores.Well, in one simple short answer.Don't get it,If you ever want to leave your house again.No but really this game features alot of stuff, of course it has an ending where there's nothing more to research and your base is at it's maximum efficiency but it's a long ways unti then.And as for replay potential it's ok I think, I'm only beginner-Itermidiate level but so far I can't sleep because this game is so good.Another thing is It offers alot of world generation settings along with a world creator mode which can be confusing or fun by the way you look at it.Some other modes include:MultiplayerCampaignCreative mode (play without an avatar like a god game)Overall I would give this game a 96/100."
,Recommended,427520,21761993,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Backpack,Best Pollution SImulator
,Recommended,427520,21763068,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Tape,This game is weird.First thing:This is in alpha so it should be fullfilled with bugs.- I haven encountered bugs yetThis is in alpha so it should be mostly content throwing- There is content already and more content is coming slowly but this is stable game- This is simple game for now but you can play it through over and overIf you are perfectionist do not buy this because you lose your life over optimising and organizing thingsIf you are programmer then you lose your life also because this is like programming only in gameIf you are stupid and dont understund alpha phase then you can buy this just dont scream that this game isnt ready because this isnt ready game. It is phase when games are rarely even told to public.
,Recommended,427520,21765970,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Ole' Faithful,Just starting this game and already feel as though my whole weekend is tied up into this game. To keep it short and simple yes its a use raw materials to build a factroy to then build a bigger factory and so it sounds simple. While appearing repetitive this game is highly addictive in the thousands of setups to make. Must have!
76561198007371901,Recommended,427520,21786384,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Locke4,"Not a long review, I am 20~ something hours into this game and am still in the midgame. This game is one of the best games I have played in the last 200 games. Yet to encounter a gamebreaking bug.10/10"
76561198056157578,Recommended,427520,21786545,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,FluffyToaster,"If you want helpfulness, check other reviews. I'm just here to do my part in saying this game is AMAZING!"
,Recommended,427520,21832670,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Derpy [No sound],"Bought this game about a week ago, it has already eaten 60 hours of my life. Would recommend."
76561198052511731,Recommended,427520,21812437,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Gherkinboii,"pretty cool, bro"
76561197965631053,Recommended,427520,21812955,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,cs_kp4,This is a very addicting game; played it a week straight and it ended up taking me 50 hours to launch the rocket. It requires constant problem solving and the game provides near endless ways to solve them yourself. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,427520,21814108,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Silverdown,"Hours of fun, you will loose track of time and might even forget to eat. I recommend this game for any Tycoon Fan"
,Recommended,427520,21818127,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Erwin von Schnitzel,"Anno looks better, but this makes more fun. Get it!"
,Recommended,427520,21819562,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,KroonBerg,"Great management game. If you have even the slightest amount of fond memories for any game in the ""tycoon"" series, this will be right up your alley."
76561197985937123,Recommended,427520,21816709,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sargon the OK,"Chemical Engineer Simulator 2016.  Get this if that sounds even remotely interesting to you.Also, ""Early Access"" here is a misnomer.  Development on the game continues, but as far as I can tell this is pretty much feature-complete already."
,Recommended,427520,21815836,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Wabbajack,"This game helped me quit smoking. I didn't want to, I just forgot..."
76561198027232863,Recommended,427520,21799611,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Steelwind,"Great Logistics management game. If you like trying to balance resources and streamline your factories, you will like it.Uses ""classic"" graphics, but Im fine with that."
76561198044508576,Recommended,427520,30726640,Posted: 25 March,all,secretsather,Greatest game ever made. PERIOD.
,Recommended,427520,21800296,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Memesiss,My friend showed me this game awhile back and my first words were boo or hell no. I then got my hands on his copy when he came over for me to try it and OMG. Right after he left I went into Steam and bought it myself and have never looked back on the purchase. It probably is one of the best time sinks and fun games I have played in a long time. Everything from how to do something better to ho♥♥♥♥♥♥now i need more resources It all and all made it better and more fun.
,Recommended,427520,21825751,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Negative-Periapsis,love this game. highly recommended.
76561198142752768,Recommended,427520,21825967,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Meric Great,"If you think you might like this game, then get it now. You will not be disappointed.Pros:1) I haven't expierenced a bug? Everything seems to work perfectly.2) It is very intuitive. If you expect an item to work a certain way, it probably works that way! It's very easy to figure out.3) Active Devoloper and updates are expected.4) It's fun to play!Cons:1) Graphics are good until you zoom in close. (Hey, I have to have a cons section!)"
,Recommended,427520,21821810,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,rootin tootin rasputin,Fanastic game with unique systems that work well together. Bonus nostalga factor for mid 90's management games. 11/10
76561198009126803,Recommended,427520,21823009,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lotzophun,MinedUsed coal to mine for meUsed electricityPolluted everythingAttacked by giant alien swarmRammed car into alien base10/10 would explode and be ripped to shreds again
,Recommended,427520,21823364,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Natgpower,100% recommend it if you like working through problems!
76561197969131323,Recommended,427520,21823407,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Quotheraven,This game is absolutely incredible! I've never been happier with a $20 purchase on Steam.
76561198004388573,Recommended,427520,21818706,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,callofthecow,"I miss my wife, family, job, and friends... So I bought them this game!"
,Recommended,427520,21823597,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Obby,"If you're at all into management sim type games, this is the end-all. You start with a few iron plates and some stone furnaces, and eventually work your way up to a fully automated factory complete with flying robots, trains, customized logistics and construction networks, chemical plants, radar networks, the WORKS.Just don't forget to build turrets and laser towers to defend yourself from the biters."
,Recommended,427520,21823801,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TheMightyWashburn,One of the best Indie games Ive played since MineCraft in Alpha.
,Recommended,427520,21824373,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lovro.Machina,Would work in socialist russia with comrades.10/10
,Recommended,427520,21824628,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TeamDeer,"Let me just say this game is amazing. This is totally worth the 20 bucks for it.  You have mods and hrs of fun that comes with it. If you like games like C&C, sim city, and railroad tycoon then you will love this game. Its fun every single time you play it. 10/10BOUNS: It also runs on laptops and stuff so yeah, what are you waiting for? GET IT!"
,Recommended,427520,21803018,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Athirat,I've lost days of my life to this game and loved every minute.  Time to go lose a few more!
,Recommended,427520,21800959,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Zenzium,How It's Made Simulator.10/10
76561198141337080,Recommended,427520,21800972,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,AustinS24,"I loved this game, but I made the mistake of looking up cheats, aka commands you put in that look like this:surface = game.local_player.surface;for y=-2,2 dofor x=-2,2 dosurface.create_entity({name=""stone"", amount=5000, position={game.local_player.position.x+x, game.local_player.position.y+y}})endI did this about 30 hours in and now it made the game less fun for me, even after restarting because i know what everything is. Buy the game, dont use console commands, enjoy the fun that I cannot."
76561198068133903,Recommended,427520,30726746,Posted: 25 March,all,Advil,"Good fun, well worth the money. however, I wish there where late game viable vehicles."
,Recommended,427520,21813253,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Philbywhizz,This game is so good. Once you start you can't stop!
76561198191447214,Recommended,427520,21814708,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,zroo3d,"9,5/10Worthy addition to anno / settlers / tycoon family.Thank you, Czech brothers!"
76561198040759152,Recommended,427520,21753072,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,GotYourWallet,Still on my first playthrough.If you liked Stronghold's supply chain mechanics you will love this game. Lot's of depth and a challenging tech tree lift this game above the competition.
,Recommended,427520,21753368,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Caominhim,it's so complicated
76561198036230105,Recommended,427520,21754569,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Chuck,Truly amazing
76561198214205915,Recommended,427520,21754646,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Fleece Rhino,This game.
,Recommended,427520,21754912,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BeepBoop,Buy this game
76561197973626085,Recommended,427520,21754234,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,=(e)= Admiral Watson,"Factorio is a wonderful game.  I would like to say thank you to the developers, who have provided an in-depth and polished product.  Something to be proud of. For the consumer you have provided countless hours of good, clean fun.  No hassles, no major bugs... just a really nice gaming experience.Please keep adding content to factorio.  It is VERY extensive as is, but seeing how amazing it is, I know I will want MORE>  PLEASE SIRS< COULD WE HAVE SOME MORE!  12/10 Awesome."
,Recommended,427520,21739357,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cranks,"If you have played Minecraft as a kid, welcome to the big leagues.Factorio is an industrial engineering simulator with Zerg trying to kill you. Factorio is an open infinite world survival game that is way addictive and a solid campaign that introduces you to the manufacturing tree, which is VERY complex. Playing the campaign first is highly recommended.Also, I have no life now."
76561198006624587,Recommended,427520,21739455,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,jigglestick,"Simply put, best game I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,427520,21739673,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Guano_Loco,"I have to say, that HATE THIS DAMN GAME!!! I lost my job, my truck, my wife, my girlfriend and her sister, because I just couldnt stop playing this game.  I really really miss my truck.No but serious, dont buy this game if you don't think its feasible to spend hours upon hours on your creation. Ya, the graphics arent really on par with todays games.. but you wont care about that for very long.The fun part about this game is constantly optimizing your factory to be completely self sufficient. and adding to manufacturing constantly.  This game is like Civilization meets Sim City meets Starcraft.  I can tell you with absolute certainty, THIS IS ONE OF THOSE GAMES THAT WILL START A CHAIN REACTION OF ITS GENRE.Buy it or dont, but at least YouTube it."
76561198039128467,Recommended,427520,21739694,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Tramadol,"Fantastic game.  It has a very high learning curve (which is smoothed out a bit by the existence of an extensive Wiki dedicated to the game).  If you're willing to dedicate the hours into learning how the different machines/systems work, you'll be set up for many many hours of great gameplay.  Perfect 5 out of 7!"
,Recommended,427520,22387508,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,carlos danger [NO MONITOR],this is a computer game
76561198013074454,Recommended,427520,22387602,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SquareBear,Weirdly addictive
76561198055100701,Recommended,427520,22385756,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jushan147,"Bought right before finals, due to Markiplier's video.Failed finals.10/10 would fail finals again."
,Recommended,427520,22385858,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,pmrn,"Wow, Factorio!This has been one of the most fun and absorbing gaming experience I've had in a long time.  Other games that have grabbed me like this include Kerbal Space Program, Dwarf Fortress, and Prison Architect.Factorio isn't really a management simulation, it's more of an ARPG whose central mechanic is automation.  Figuring out the correct arrangement of conveyor belts, inserters, assemblers, pipes, tracks, and electricity/signal coverage is an interesting puzzle that you can spend hours fiddling around with...until you get eaten by angry aliens and you realize you're stranded in a hostile environment.The better the design of your automation, the less actual work you'll have to do - with the raw materials mining and processing themselves, you're freed up to scout out and prospect the infinite procedural terrain, blow up some alien nests, and collect alien artifacts to fuel advanced research.The ultimate goal is to build a rocket to escape from the planet.  Boot-strapping yourself from coal-powered drills to portable fusion reactors is dirty and you'll emit pollution.  The aliens are attracted to and strengthened by exposure to the polution over time, resulting in a gradual arms race as you design processes for manufacturing more weapons and defensive emplacements to keep up with the increased frequency and severity of alien attacks.It took me 140+ hours to build that rocket (and satelite) and I can't wait to see what happens next in this game's development.  Coming back to check out new versions, multiplayer, and playing with mods I could easily see myself putting another 500+ hours with this game.  Excellent value.  10/10, would automate again."
,Recommended,427520,22565530,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Algaeee,I love this game. I only had this game for about a week now and ! have played 20 hours.
76561198148461612,Recommended,427520,22565561,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Liljj,Day 1 ok so good gameDay 3 OH MY GOD!! HALP PLS HELP! SOS SOS ( Dead )STArt New game.... day ( again )Got a perfect satrt made factoryday 2 felt lonley need friendsDied AGAIN10/10 STILL BEST GAME
76561198159623903,Recommended,427520,22564378,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Deezlar,"Is it a great game? Yes, I've played it for 54 hours now, and I'm no where near finishing. It is also never boring. There is always a lot of stuff to do and while doing that, there are other things that come up which need your attention first and then there is another 5 hours gone.There is one thing missing for me in the game, and that is a goal. Usually a factory in a game means some kind of economic simulation. That means designing producing and marketing products to sell it, and that way make money and increase your marketshare. Now, since the game is about one man on a strange planet, there is no economy, and there is a goal in this game, but it's a very long way ahead that it feels like the factory is a goal in itself.But still a good game which will keep you entertained for hours. There are very few games that keep you busy for so long, and they almost always cost a lot more than this one."
,Recommended,427520,22560622,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Itchy Tooth,"If western civilization falls, I wont know untill the power goes out.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22543719,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,braxxie,Holy ♥♥♥♥. This is one of my favorite games right now.I just played 3 hours in one session. This is a must have!
,Recommended,427520,22561221,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,alcydes,"For starters, I really like this game. It manages to make the transition from micro to macro manage seamless while maintaing a balanced sense of difficulty. It feels like there is endless content so there's never a point where one might ""beat"" the game, but rather, be satisfied with their creation and move on to the next. The only concern I have is with the lack of complexity with regards to power. All other facets of the game have  many options, trains, cars, belts, and bots but power has either steam or solar. Aside from that minor issue, the game is fantastic."
,Recommended,427520,22561273,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Iota147,"Really well done! Amazing concept and it's displayed beautifully! Still some stuff that needs to be updated and added, but it's a really good game. If you just want a time-waster, or more of a sandbox (lua console), this is a wonderful game!"
76561198135412185,Recommended,427520,22562477,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,wizap7,"SOOOOOOO ADDICTING.    Don't let the video in the begining fool you, this game is actually pretty easy.  The tutorial/campain expalins how to build things and their purposes.  I played the majority of the begining part of the campain, and from there i played on my own.  It was fun figureing out how some parts worked on my own.  I techinacally haven't beaten it yet, but i'm close, and man, its great.  I squeed like a little girl when i got my ""logistics bots"".  (robots that fly around and transport stuff around or to you.)  Very fun game. my only critique is that i'd like to be able to play a multiplayer preferably over steam.  You techincally can play multiplayer, but its confuseing to a novice like me.  Anyway, definately recomend.  10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22562898,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Alkirie,"It's amazing how easy it is to get completly draged into this game.  Time begins to warp and suddenly its 4AM and you are still trying to figure out how to get your next factory up and running.  If you enjoy figuring out complex input/output scenarios or just fiddling around with the huge possibilities of a game that encourages creative solutions, this game is for you.  The best steam purchase I've made in a long time."
76561198050308674,Recommended,427520,22524488,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Natchel,"10/10 would wipe brain and play again and againthis game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazingif you dont buy it i feel bad for you son, i have 99 problems and having this game ain't one"
76561197989449301,Recommended,427520,22513843,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Boatmurder,"Read genre ""casual""Bought the game.I haven't seen my family in 3 days now."
,Recommended,427520,22524000,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sirrockyqo,What year is it!? Is Half-Life 3 out yet?
76561198078713255,Recommended,427520,22521524,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Old Scratch Jaws,"This game is absolutely fantastic. You start of the game and you are given a problem. The problem? Get off the planet. That is the easy part, i am almost 10 hours in and am only touching on the solution to that problem. It is a extreme test of organization, micromanagement, and solving problems."
,Recommended,427520,22515038,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,RaCio,"Currently in early access, but still worth the purchase. Factorio is a puzzle/survival/management game in which you start off stranded on a desolate planet, surrounded by aliens, and somehow end up constructing gigantic bases full of factories, conveyors and mining stations.The game starts off requiring you to gather and craft things by hand. Gradually you will be automating things, for example by placing a miner on top of a iron field and supplying it with power. A little later you will automate smelting the iron, automate crafting it into various products until a point where you will be automatically launching sattelites into space."
76561198111730876,Recommended,427520,22515253,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,h_dog50,"This is an amazing and innovative game. It starts out slow but later on it becomes easier and faster if you keep it organized, which I did not but it was still awesome and I'm still playing it after 3 Factories."
76561198295626248,Recommended,427520,22522152,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,mrw2703,This game is so addictive! Don't buy it if you like any kind of tekkit on minecraft because you will just be glued to this all day.
,Recommended,427520,21882717,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jon,"it has been a long time since i have played a game that makes me go ""Holy crap it's three am"". this game is absolutely fantastic. It is simple enough for the average man, and complicated enough to keep you coming back. 5/5 stars. Absolutely worth $20."
76561198173253077,Recommended,427520,21879114,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Enzeek,automating everything makes you feel so smart
76561198002112835,Recommended,427520,21879528,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zergor,Thus far this game has been well worth the asking price and has entertained me for a large number of hours. I love these types of games and this one has an incredible amount of detail that I have yet to see in any tripple A titles of the genre. Well done. I look forward to more updates and improvements on an already fine formula.
76561198043864277,Recommended,427520,21870088,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,putcha135,"This games is great! At first I was a little skeptical because I thought you had to be super creative to play it, but I was very surprised how complex the system is yet how easy to use. I turned the game on thinking I would play for 20 minutes or so and then do some hw, fastest 3 hours of my life. this game is simplify a very good game. I cant recommend it enough. So just get it and you will love it."
76561198137222446,Recommended,427520,21883845,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Phaez202,This game is my life now.
,Recommended,427520,21722106,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,LapidistCubed,I sat down at 4pm to add a little mining system to my factory.It is now 11pm and I now know what digital crack is.
,Recommended,427520,21881021,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,DasIEFX,"If you like to micromanage anything, even a little, -or- if you like puzzles in the slightest, play this game. Stop reading, go play."
76561198046363839,Recommended,427520,21871546,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ronjer Haikal,"well thought through, addictive and satisfiying gameplay... very much recommended!"
,Recommended,427520,21604779,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ace tugger,must have game your not a true gamer if you don't enjoy this
,Recommended,427520,21864408,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Cybernator,This Game Is Like Sex :)
76561197968119399,Recommended,427520,21869059,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Johkur,This is the perfect game.  10/10.
76561198039347445,Recommended,427520,21869341,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Jeffs,I would describe this game as a logic puzzle. You construct a factory in which you goal is to automate production of as much as possible whilst protecting it from alien threats. Well worth the money for the scale this game aims for and achieves even in its current early access state. My only criticisms so far has been the often clunky user interface and some issues with latency in multiplayer sessions.
,Recommended,427520,21863857,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,sleep.jpg,Nothing is more heartbreaking than when you spend 3 hours on a super complicated factory only to find out it is faster to craft the science packs on your own.10/10
,Recommended,427520,21680213,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BONG_SLIDE,well titlywinks and hausenfeffer this is a good game.i have gotten lost building my bug stompin empire.i highly recomend this gameUPDATE: STILL LOVIN THIS GAME ive thrown another 30 hours on and i am going to play some more.yay
76561197960665997,Recommended,427520,21905675,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JJ,"I cannot recommend this game enough.Did you ever play Transport Tycoon back in the day?This is that game, only way more, bigger and better, with a tech tree, a sci-fi theme (including bugs that want to kill you), an open world and a rewarding feeling of progression.Early Access?  It feels like a complete game today, and it's only going to get better."
76561198024793020,Recommended,427520,21905843,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,exspo94,"If you enjoy automation games, this is one of the best. Expect the game to consume many hours of your time. Great for group play, have a group of five my self and we played through the night for hours. Its one of the few games that i am willing to start over and over (vary unlike me)."
76561198025415898,Recommended,427520,21907208,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Skoonks,9000/9000
,Recommended,427520,21713866,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Jayal,"The most basic yet complicated, yet addictive game I've played."
76561198035012389,Recommended,427520,21713920,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,flax,"Addictive as ♥♥♥♥, don't buy if you've got stuff important to do."
76561197967842715,Recommended,427520,21714074,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CapitalKnockers,I've been fired from work and my wife has left me. What a fantastic game!
,Recommended,427520,27978922,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brusali,If you play this game every day you'll acvtually start dreaming about it.
76561198118606957,Recommended,427520,27979102,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Windows 98,Very interesting strategy game still having fun after 100 hours :D20€ is more than worth it for this early acces game.
,Recommended,427520,27977005,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stablav,Good game if you never want to get anything real done again
,Recommended,427520,26702534,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lord Whirlin,"Are you the kind of person that theorycrafts your world of warcraft character?  Do you create spreadsheets to help determine the optimal way of executing a task?  Do you find it fun picking apart mechanics of a game to optimize your playthroughs?  If any of these apply, you'll enjoy Factorio... If they only kind of applied, you'll also love Factorio.Factorio is an incredibly well done, niche game that is quite possibly one of the most well done titles I've come across for a multitude of reasons.On the surface, Factorio is a game about automation, logistics, and optimization.  It doesn't sound like it should be fun at all.  But when you get into the game itself, it ends up being more like a puzzle game, where you're trying to determine the best ways of maximizing yields from your machines.It's easy to get complacient your first time playing the game through... Sure... One science facility is sufficient to unlock everything... you don't NEED more... but by the end, you'll be in a position where, why not build another couple hundred... a couple thousand.  Why?  Why not?  Each play through, you're astronomically faster at knowing the ideal logistics, you have the foresight for knowing problems that you've run into in the past to plan for the future, and you're more familiar with the game interface/hotkeys/etc to be able to execute your actions in a more timely fashion.This game is also amazingly optimized as well on the actual programming side.  Multiplayer servers (still in beta), have been recorded, and videos are available to display the server supporting over 150 concurrent users with no lag.  Furthermore, the developers are incredibly engaged, and constantly trying to further develop the game.It's weird to think of a game built around logistics, automation, factories, etc, would be so entertaining, and maybe that speaks more to me as a person than the game itself, but I recommend watching a video or two, and if it looks even marginally interesting, grabbing the game and giving it a shot."
,Recommended,427520,27959214,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FinalFred,"This game definitely isn't for everyone, but if you like ""expansion"" / ""automation"" themes you have to get this game. I've played it just about as long as I've played major, much more expensive games like (e.x. Skyrim / GTA V). Considering it costs a third as much, it's a great value I'd say.And that's while it's still in Early Access. I'm very pleased with the content they've added sinced I bought the game, so I expect it to only get better."
76561198038810220,Recommended,427520,27959374,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Splinter,Great strategy game.
76561198078163625,Recommended,427520,27969588,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,5SWilliam,Really a good game. try it!
76561197961161285,Recommended,427520,27968937,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tarax_lore,"This game is amazing at first sight, sucks you in within 15 minutes, and 150 hours later you'll be sleep deprived while reading posts online about how to better economise your factory."
,Recommended,427520,27968188,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UnimaginablePassionFruit,"This game is fantastic and still growing. If you're an engineer who wants a ""minecraft esq"" game where you can make logical circuits or really anything you want, buy it."
76561198126691457,Recommended,427520,30963707,Posted: 5 April,all,wmccully,"I've wasted far too much of my life playing this game. But I just can't stop. As others have pointed out, the value of this game is less in its reaction time challenge and more in its ability to function as a programming language. The goal is to build. I've beaten it a couple of times, and then it dawned on me - ""winning"" the game is easy - creating an efficient, protected, productive factory is hard. The developers have done a great job balancing each aspect of the game and creating an engaging way to lose hours of your life."
,Recommended,427520,27964616,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TRIGUN,"If you decide to pick up Factorio, be warned. Factorio is very addictive in that there is a constant cycle of problems and solutions."
76561198137617579,Recommended,427520,27965883,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,axeage,100-200+100/100+2-4+2
,Recommended,427520,27973095,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shield1739,This is all thd drugs i need
76561197994338383,Recommended,427520,27952425,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,raffagapro,"Excellent Game. Even if you have  a little of OCD in you, this game will have you tinkering things here and there for hours... You will get your money´s worth and much more! and it´s on Early Access!"
,Recommended,427520,27955407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Coopsm8,This game is great and very addictive.
76561198140616832,Recommended,427520,27962207,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Goocey,"This is one of the most addictive games I have ever played. Your life will fall apart around you, worth every penny, 10/10 dont need a life anymore"
,Recommended,427520,27960579,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jmikey2011,If you are OCD you will love or hate this game.  Planning out how to make things more efficient can be both alot of fun and take a lot of time.  Be prepared to stay up till 3 playing this game non stop.
76561198015953513,Recommended,427520,27961016,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tel,"This game makes you feel clever even when the stuff on screen is a complete mess. It might be a mess, but it is my mess that I figured out and it works. Great community, great mod scene, nothing bad to say. If you like figuring things out and like a bit of a management/defense sandbox, then this game is for you. Campaign felt a bit weak to me, but that might just be because I jumped straight into sandbox so I already knew what it was trying to teach. I've already sunk far too many hours into this game, it is amazing!"
76561198077317306,Recommended,427520,27963098,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SachMystorker,One of my favourite games of all time!
,Recommended,427520,27955945,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,☮ne_DΛY,"This game seems to steals your time, It steals your time like a beutiful girl. You say you will just spend 30 minutes with her, yet you do not leave until the next day. This game may effect your social life yet, you probably will not care."
76561198272045902,Recommended,427520,24767124,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,water pooper,i dident start it up right
,Recommended,427520,24768321,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Kymor,"Factorio is my new favorite game, its sooo addicting"
,Recommended,427520,24768526,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,senhorb,I just had a great game (15h) with two friends on multiplayer. It's an amazing game!
,Recommended,427520,22820947,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Coach McPherson,"It's great game that reminds me of modded minecraft, except 2d. It's addicting in a good way which happens to be nice."
,Recommended,427520,22823586,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"I don't really play for a long time in games i don't like. But this, this caught my attention and i really enjoyed it. Altho i have no idea what the #### i'm doing but yeah, worth it"
,Recommended,427520,22821964,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DonoftheZombies,best $20 i have ever spent10/10
,Recommended,427520,22825041,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,icetheslayer5985,"Well, I have been playing this game for 6 hours now, so thought a review was in order. It is a solid game with plenty going for it. It makes you think hard on how you want to place things, but the variety of things you can create is huge. Basic items never just get set to the wayside, as you need them for higher tier builds. Also, the inclusion of enemies to fight keeps you on your toes. If I have one comlaint it is that you have a hard time splitting production lines easily, and the lack of tooltips on items."
76561198023413348,Recommended,427520,22825215,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,MerVidiuM,"I ran to close to an alien base, i just wanted to cut some trees for fuel.. The natives didn't approve of me fueling my base of operations which in turn releases deadly fumes, picky natives."
,Recommended,427520,21835382,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Prophecy,"Got Married two years ago, had 3 kids, bought a car and a house.Last week I bought Factorio.Lost my wife.Lost my kids.Lost my house.Lost my car.I now go to a library to play.I regret nothing."
76561198125867882,Recommended,427520,22831570,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kek|Nifty,"This game is amazinghere is my review:TL:DRThe game mechanics are great, the gameplay i superb and the community is the smartest and most helpfull comunity i have ever metReview:I personally love building huge complicated machines and factories. I started off a long time ago with Minecrafts FTB mods that allowed me to build, and automate a ton of stuff. But after a while it got repetitive, easy and boring. Then i saw this game, and i thought i would give it a shot. I am so glad i made this choice.The enourmous variety of automation and logistic systems makes this game so good. The great thing is that you decide how advanced you want your factory to be. Do you want a simple factory, and not get into rail systems or logistic systems? go ahead, you can finish the game. Do you want to make a factory so complex, you get seizures just by thinking about the factory? go ahead.The community. Oh my god the community. I had a small problem with my factory, and i posted a dicussion on steam asking for help. After twenty minuets i got help, and they helped me understand rail systems and solve my problem.10/10 best game ever!"
76561198165255487,Recommended,427520,22831741,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,JawsClaws,"Amazing, can't stop playing!"
,Recommended,427520,22831759,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,HaosWidasee,"Where to even start. I have played every good game out there and I can EASILY put this game in my top 3. It is absolutely astonishing how complex this game is, but at the same time it is put together perfectly so that you aren't scouring your keyboard trying to figure out which button does what. Other games like Tropico or other big games where you build cities and stuff are cluttered with menus that are hard to navigate and honestly just make those games annoying. Well you don't get any of that with this game. This game has controls that are barely harder to grasp than Minecraft. And ANYONE can understand Minecraft. But there is so much to do, and so much going on at all times, that it's not just a building you created. This factory is a living, breathing, machine. And you are it's god. This game puts 80% of the Mainstream games that cost you $60 on release, to shame. Get this game."
76561198062282358,Recommended,427520,22830985,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Narrorisar,"Rock was in way of building factoryRocks are the true enemy of FactorioShot Rock with Assault RifleFactory is now safe of rock blockade10/10 would shoot rock againSolid Game, hours of playability with logic puzzles thrown in, nice game you can relax, play, and just figure out how to get things runningSeriously though all rocks must be destroyed..."
,Recommended,427520,22747899,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jesus Take the Shot,6.5/10 multiplayer requires port forwarding and not enough potato farming.
,Recommended,427520,22833020,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Felipe50717,"Factorio is the best,Map Generator are good,Map Editor is awesome,Now i made my huge factory!11/10 would love this game!"
76561198026138144,Recommended,427520,22833258,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,RunFastRunFar,good game thats keeps F****** your head up with new and better machineryonly nmin point i personaly had was toturial not all the components are explained wel enouphsrry for bad english :D
76561197975958936,Recommended,427520,22833670,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SPEARED,"This game is amazing. Fun aesthetics, an interesting and complex challenge that I've frankly only scratched the surface of in my hours."
76561198166101194,Recommended,427520,22834783,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,earthwormacus,"Factorio is one of the most interesting and best games i have ever played. It gives you an enviroment were you can easily visualize problems in your factorie and fix it with solutons you make up yourself. The game makes you think and it will run easily on bad computers such as mine. Factorio is also easily added on to and is being added on to very rapidly. The game has much possibility for steam workshop and is one of the greatest games I have ever played. As soon as i bought it it jumped into my top 3 games list with no problem. I highly recomend it, the game is worth the hours you will put in it."
,Recommended,427520,22835173,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Truewolf12,"Dispite the fact I've technicaly beaten the freeroam game, I still find myself wanting to play more.There's tons of work to do, any way you want to, and at whatever pace you feel like it. weather thats making a massive production base that churns out everything from bricks to lazer turrets, or just a small outpost to get you by, you can do everything any way you want to. Power your base with large solar fields, or watch your steam engines crank out the Kilowatts, as you build your way domination and space.This game fetures aliens (or would you be the alien?) that get harder the longer you play (and thus the more polution you've created) that will constantly pick away at your defences, but also make a fine explosion when you shoot them with a rocket. It also has small drones you can make to do a range of tasks, such as the construction drones that will repair your base, or the destroyer drones that will zap the bugs that come to close. This game has a little of everything, and the steam engines appeal to my intrest in steampunk style designes."
76561198035498790,Recommended,427520,30770839,Posted: 27 March,all,OctyEnoch,"This game's look turned me off when shopping around for a game to play, but the reviews made me give it a shot regardless and I am glad I did.  This game is awesome!  If you like logic/puzzle games then give this a shot, it really satisfies my organization needs like no other game does."
,Recommended,427520,21826709,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,fallenGiants,basically heroin
76561198132717825,Recommended,427520,21826740,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LORD TACHANKA,Great game.  Very fun with other and really makes you think.   11/10
,Recommended,427520,21540995,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Paul Nixon,"The best America simulator I have ever seen.I have already destoryed the natives around me, built massive factories that destroy the land, and gotten an army of drones to destory any ""extremist.""10/10♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
76561198040673820,Recommended,427520,21829100,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,corsairmo,Easily worth the money and also slick to play even on a clunky computer.
,Recommended,427520,21829289,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Narshall Larry,"So, i can safely say that when people say they see conveyors when they sleep they weren't joking. in fact it was almost all true, the sleep loss, the addictiveness, and the drive to get better & better. i look and see plates moving into an electric furnace, i blink and see pumpjacks, i sleep and dream of steam engines and coal, by god it was all true. now to address the biggest critisism before i go play some factorio, yes there is an end to work towards, and it isn't a copout like mc. if you still aren't set on getting  this, try the demo, you'll be hooked in an instant. i have put 20 hrs in, and i must put more now. UYBA HISTA ONDERFULWA AMEGA!! (pig latin ftw)"
,Recommended,427520,21829365,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ViPER,Great game....very easy to lose hours and hours in.  Only downside is that there is not a workshop atm.
,Recommended,427520,21827432,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,sporiarty,Every nerd's wet dream.
,Recommended,427520,21827866,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,<<|Scorpio|>>,creamy memes
76561198049287130,Recommended,427520,21828692,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mEaTY petER,10/10 . 99% positive feedback rating. It really speaks for itself.
76561197974880413,Recommended,427520,21828826,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Well Hot Dog,"Factorio is one of the best and most addicting games I have played in years.I have abandoned everything in my life for this game.I eat SpaghettiOs cold out of the can at my computer desk. I quit my job to play more Factorio. With the last bit of money I have left I have kept the lights on and the internet running.As I build the ultimate factory my family leaves me.FACTORIO HAS COST ME EVERYTHING! SOMEONE MAIL ME FOOD, PLEASE!THANK YOU FACTORIO FOR RUINING MY LIFE! GAME OF THE YEAR 2016 AND PROBABLY 2017!"
,Recommended,427520,21828832,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Shawnik,It's basically like video game crack.
76561198086309745,Recommended,427520,21828863,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kaiser,wonderful
,Recommended,427520,21863033,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Nate072,It's one of those games that you just can't stop playing. I can't close my eyes without seeing the conveyor belts!
,Recommended,427520,21865833,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Aischylos,"You notice that your laser turret production is a bit slow so you decide to hunt down the problem.  You note that the limiting resource is steel, so you go to find that some of your steel smelters are low on coal because one of your mines is depleted.  Next thing you know everything is rigged to petroleum, it's 7 in the morning and you have class in 30 minutes.  This is one of those games."
76561197972361563,Recommended,427520,21857916,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The Good Doctor,"This game is just as excellent a platform for a player's own creativity as minecraft was in it's days as beta. I strongly recommend this game for developing minds old and young alike. This is a review about the games heavily optimizated present state and subsequential future potential.Because I believe the developers are devoted enough to read all of the reviews, I would like to share these thoughts I have about increasing the marketable aspects of this game. Two in particular could drastically increase playtime and complexity, as such they should be sold as expansions in order to allow lower capacity computer's to play the original version and because it could be sold very cheaply or even free if combined with; 3D building environment (which could be achieved by allowing multiple build layers above as opposed to changing the environment in any way), and social gameplay beyond multplayer on a single map (best implemented in one or both of two ways; by creating a map type like 'frontier' with one side blank which can be connected to other maps, or using the existing rocket silo to connect to other planets.)This is an excellent game as it stands and it hasn't even been completed yet. The sky is the limit and internalizing 'cross -platform multiplayer' and 'cross-computing capacity' could make it supremely successful."
76561198005730635,Recommended,427520,21861521,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Noop78,One of the most addictive games I have played in a while.  I'm hooked.  Can't wait to see what else is in store with Factorio!
76561198065060733,Recommended,427520,21861715,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,buzzerd,i cant stop playing this its that goodno real bugs just the ones you kill1 of the best indie ea game i have ever played10/10
76561198007217025,Recommended,427520,21861785,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Harambe ;-;,"Build stuff, defend your stuff from aliens, build better bigger stuff. 8/8"
76561198039411303,Recommended,427520,21851817,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rik,Love it.
76561198154360351,Recommended,427520,21851893,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bricks,"Be careful, this game is hard to stop playing, I've put 69.2 hours into it so far, and I'm still trying to figure out better logistic solutions for all of the bits and pieces in the game. It's all the best bits of a bunch of different games rolled into one amazing package that will have you thinking about solutions even when you're not at your PC.Only install it when you can give Factorio the time it deserves!"
,Recommended,427520,21852021,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Glutton,10/10 would convey again.
,Recommended,427520,21852118,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Fizzik,"I created a 10,000 mile long ammo conveyor belt and wall to feed ammo to my turret network and protect my factory, the aliens still snuck through and ate my factory from the inside out, #MakeMyFactoryGreatAgain"
,Recommended,427520,21842611,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Puddles,"All I see now are the Yellow Chevrons, always moving, always progressing."
,Recommended,427520,21842998,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,bigwood,"This game is overall a very satisfying and fun game...  Even though it says Early Access, it still feels like a full and fleshed out game.  9/10Rather than mining/chopping for resources, this game gives you the resources to pretty quickly automate those tenuous activities.  The game actually becomes upgrading the automation and expanding.  Then making all the processes more effecient.  I have mostly been playing in peaceful mode because I would rather focus on building than having to protect myself.The only downsides to the game:Multiplayer is not really finished and therefore is not that great... I see almost no reason to play with other people.The learning curve is a little weird.  You can create everything you need, but I have recently been trying to get trains and robots working, and I can't seem to get them going... if there was an in-game way of teaching this, it would be very helpful."
76561197989969666,Recommended,427520,21843013,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,defiance,"***STOP EATING MY LIFE, GAME!!!***"
,Recommended,427520,21843091,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mustang,"An excellent idea. A very original game about producing, producing and more producing.A must buy amongst the recent indies"
,Recommended,427520,21844258,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Banana Gen,Best Game Ever.
76561198126624235,Recommended,427520,21844422,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,obliviouswookie,"Factorio is a game about making things more complicated then it should be, but makes it fun in the process"
76561198074481696,Recommended,427520,21841943,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Xmorphs,This game is amazing will give full review after more time into the game.
,Recommended,427520,21841982,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Incognito,"What a great game; Open world, crafting, and really fun mechanical designing. Haven't experienced any bugs and only had 1 game crash but turned out not to be an issue at all since it saves the game every 2 minutes. This feature comes in handy not only for crashes but in case your base gets into conflict or you die. You can easily just reload the game just minutes before you died. This game has turned out a lot better than expected. I'd definitely buy it again."
76561198144592487,Recommended,427520,21842294,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mint,"*Starts game*Ill just build a minig drillIll just build a furnace to smelt the oreIll just build some conveyer belts to get the ore to the furnaceIll just build an inserter to automate thatIll just use build a crafter to make stuff with my ironIll just use the crafter to make science kitsIll just research carsIll Just build a carIll just drive my car around a bitIll just build some more drill on these resources i foundIll just defend against these aliensIll just research tanks to kill aliensIll just build a tankIll just kill the aliens...You get the idea. If you get this game you will have so little of a social life that your number of friends will be in the negatives. Seriously, i have had this game for three days and i currently have 33 hours."
76561198100917245,Recommended,427520,21842330,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Tyrone 2k,hell of a game i greatly reccomend
76561198025083227,Recommended,427520,21853398,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Vaara,"Very addictive. Really brings back memories of early SimCity in the build build build, lets change this, rebuild rebuild rebuild."
,Recommended,427520,21796585,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ghatroth,I bought this game and woke up the next day on my keyboard with a huge eyestrain and a partially functional factory. This has been my cycle of life since then...
76561198080886039,Recommended,427520,21804104,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Powerpro77,very good game you should try it but it is addictive ane fun :-D
,Recommended,427520,21804597,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,QuickSaintPat,Amazing game. Works perfectly.
,Recommended,427520,21803341,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fank,Best game i've played so far
,Recommended,427520,21561374,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DusNeets,This game makes me happy.
76561198149414178,Recommended,427520,21536974,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Dirty Otter,6 hours later I'm still working out how great this game is...  excellent product.
,Recommended,427520,21539945,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[TSD] NK029,"This game is a cross between Terarria and Mincraft's Technic pack in a top/down view with a spash of science research for achievement hunters.  If you enjoy building self sustaining systems and warding off occasional swarm attacks from alien lifeforms, buy this now!!!  If it is still in pre-release, don't even hesitate."
76561198009422636,Recommended,427520,21515200,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DesmondM,"Most of the time when I see early access games on steam I tend to shy away. This is because most early access games are released in a very very early state, its less of a game and more of a concept. Factorio is hands down the greatest early access game to be released on steam and it is on its way to being the best of any game on steam and it is only in early access. Factorio is a game that all other game developing studios should look at when they are planning to release an early access game. Hell without the early access banner on the store page I would'nt even have been able to tell it was early access. I am very excited to see how the developers will improve and expand on their great concept. Cause if they do then Wube Software will take Steam by storm and show multi-million dollar studios like Ubisoft, 2k, and EA how games are suppose to be made.Not to mention at the end of my first session It was 1am, and I started playing at noon. This game makes you forget to eat."
76561198040147515,Recommended,427520,21540390,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,sardorusa,"worth every penny, keep on doing good work. recommended"
76561198005444904,Recommended,427520,21529886,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Penguin21,"Fatnastic game, and with mods, there is insane replayability."
,Recommended,427520,21529919,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Keran,"Factorio is the kind of game that doesn't let go of you. There is so much to do, so much to imagine. And don't get me started on the multiplayer coop. It's just so much fun.My thanks to the devs for making this awesome game!"
76561198022698952,Recommended,427520,21543688,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Peao de Obra,Muito bom!
76561197978158713,Recommended,427520,21543803,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Za.Law,"This game is the reason that I did not do anything one weekend.  Yes, it's that good."
76561198011424789,Recommended,427520,21536592,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Lolliguncula,"Wow, this is the game I've been waiting for years. The depth of the production chain is just insane and it's insanely fun to play."
,Recommended,427520,21536666,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,EugeneFreedom,"Great sandbox.Think, build, grow.Its like minecraft, but strategy.8/10"
,Recommended,427520,21536778,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bieber Fever,"I am the type of gamer that likes to build, organize, and then demolish everything I've built and try to build better. If that is you, then this game is perfect. I absolutely love it, and would have to say that of it's genre (which I can't really say which it would fit into best), but whatever it is, it's hands down the best in class.10/10 will build again and again."
76561197993285930,Recommended,427520,21538644,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Stereo,Never have I thought building an production line would be this fun!
,Recommended,427520,21527313,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,101Cipher010,This game is cocaine. It rekindled the little engineer in me that used to love playing modded minecraft.
76561198027339254,Recommended,427520,21527650,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rocket Mouse,Logic devices - HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,427520,21569933,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Micorbe,"This is the fist game in a long time that I sat down and played for 12 hours and didn't realize the time had passed. It's incredibly fun and keeps you busy, there's always something that can be improved."
76561198023252026,Recommended,427520,21570038,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TheRagingTofu,"Here I sit at my desk, trying to phrase how amazing Factorio is, but I can't.All I can say is that Factorio is the most fun I have had with a game, ever."
76561197999955764,Recommended,427520,21570202,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,HunterAnubis,over 50 hours of gameplay in 3 days. Loving the game. Best game ever
,Recommended,427520,21570207,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dogo,10/10
76561198038432069,Recommended,427520,21570224,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,zboy7082,Words cannot describe how beautifully simple and addictive this game is.
76561198055346620,Recommended,427520,21641936,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Necrosis,"Simply Addictive. I bought it when it came out on steam, played for two days and clocked in 18 hours... crazy. It was a suggestion from a friend who had it before steam. I can safely say that this is one of the most complex, stressful, yet one of a kind game I've played. Props to the devs, you done good.:D"
76561198031543679,Recommended,427520,21642052,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jb,First time I write a review on steam.Game is just awesome - period!
,Recommended,427520,21642275,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,h3nx,Played for 16 hours straight.10/10 would do again.
76561198067715711,Recommended,427520,21647400,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TopQuark,Railways could be a little more in-depth - 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21649012,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Xiphoris,"I highly recommend Factorio, and rate it 8/10(March 05, 2016). The game's preview video shows what maximally complex factory and base look like, that you could build in-game. If the idea of building that from the ground up excites you (starting from nothing but a hand pick and some raw materials, then building things and researching technologies), then Factorio is definitely for you. Factorio executes brilliantly on the vision of a building and running a supply chain and factory, in a way that no other game has delivers (see ""The Genre"", below for related games).The BasicsFactorio performs well on Windows 10 in Ultra 4K HD, with UI scale-up. It advertises multiplayer co-op, though I haven't gotten an opportunity to try it.The Tutorial & CampaignThe game includes a single player tutorial and campaign, following the story of a person who crash-landed on the planet. The beginning of the campaign is a tutorial that teaches you everything you need to know about the game, including UI overlays showing where to click, and what to process. You don't need to be intimidated about the complexity of getting started, since the Tutorial walks you thought it. I highly recommend that players of all skill levels play the tutorial. From there, the campaign proceeds to put the player into a number of scenarios: build a vehicle to search for survivors; recover and improve this abandoned base. The campaign has been a fun campanion to sandbox mode. I have only played a few missions in, so far, as of this review.The GameYou control a single character in a top-down 2D world, who has health and that you must protect. You've crash landed on a planet, and have knowledge of advanced technology, but don't have the raw materials to rebuild yourship. Your character can also assemble machines. Your first step in the world is to harvest some resources yourself, by mining them with your pick or axe. With those basic resources, you assemble mining machines and vehicles to automate the process, as well as weapons to protect yourself.In Factorio, you build increasingly sophisticated factories and assembly line operations. Initially, your mining machine might output its raw minerals to a crate, such that you ferry them over to the smelter yourself. You might operate that way for a while, until you've completed the research and have the raw materials to build conveyor belts. Then you can run a conveyor belt between the mining machine and your smelter! With the conveyor belt running to the smelter, you can only just begin to keep up with the increasing demands you'll have for increasingly-more-complex finished products. Throughout this time, you're running throughout your base putting coal into your machines by hand.Eventually, you build an electricity grid to power all your machines from steam engines rather than coal, and increasingly advanced transportation systems for your raw products. There are several types of conveyor belts, going all the way up to trains; you can lay the trail for your supply trains to run alone, to ferry resources from remote locations into your processing plant.The game arranges all of these processes to feel exciting, satisfying, and incremental. Each step as a meaningful, meaty improvement, that makes you glad for what you've done, but hungry for the next level (of automation, of materials, ...)Combat & SurvivalThe game is not a pure sandbox, and that's a good thing. Your character has a health bar, and can die. (It automatically regenerates if you haven't taken damage for a while. The player has no food or other needs.)There are other creatures on the planet with you, and they don't like the pollution that your factories produce. You need to defend yourself from them. When they attack, you defend from them largely in Tower Defense fashion. The game provides a variety of defenses, from surrounding yourself with fortified walls, to building automated gun-turrets, or constructing tank vehicles to drive around in. As you expand your operations, you'll be faced with increasingly storng waves of enemies to defend against. This creates some pressure and gives direction to your mining operation. Your goal is to assemble the materials to launch a space ship before being overwhelmed by the horde! Free play sandbox modes are also available. So far, combat appears to occur at just the right frequency to create some tension, but not frequently enough to stop me from relaxing and building too.The GenreFor many years I've sought a game that would allow me to build, manage, and update supply chains; to develop and upgrade factories and assembly lines. I tried robotic mining inMinecraftwith mods and modpacks likeTekkit, but it wasn't really polished or a good enough experience to hold me.Kerbal Space Programis excellent, but it's as much about space flight and flight simulation as building. I've lovedTerraTech, which is great fun, but it's early access and there's only so much you can do. I triedDwarf Fortress, which has a similarly long supply chain, but it was difficult to figure out, and the ""random events"" made the game ""fun"" but derailed my construction projects.Banishedis another beatiful and wonderfully fun game that relies on supply chains, but the replay value drops off after several playthroughs (I wish its author would add more content!). If you've enjoyed any of the games I listed above, then you'll probably enjoy Factorio.The Bad Parts of Factorio:Factorio tends to crash with an out-of-memory error if I leave it running overnight, or idle in the background for long periods of time. Fortunately I have not experienced this problem during gameplay, and consider it a minor issue.The quality of the writing in the game is relatively poor, including the tutorial and campaign dialog. There are no in-game events, and so the campaign dialog is the primary way that the game drives the plot forward. The writing typically consists of the in-game character talking to or thinking to himself, and the style of that writing is of poor quality and breaks the suspension of disbelief. The writing is adequate to convey the plot and keep the story moving, though, but it doesn't have a convincing in-game tone. (It seems like something written by a programmer, without much thought or effort put in). Given how fun the game is otherwise -- and given that the campaign is otherwise adequately designed to keep things moving --  I'm willing to overlook the writing as quaint.SummaryI'm now approaching 60 hours playing Factorio, and I'd have to say that I've found my new favorite building game. After that much time, I feel like I've only explored a small piece of the game (in a good way). Factorio is an instant classic for me."
76561198021103491,Recommended,427520,21650123,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DedAnt,"Since buying this addictive, captivating game a few days ago, I've been playing it almost non-stop. And when not playing, I've been thinking about it almost non-stop. With 32.8 hours of play time, I realise that I have still to master more than half the game mechanics.It runs smoothly on a low-end GPU (my GTX670 gave up the ghost a while back and I'm running it on native Intel), and yet the graphics are very satisfying.I can see myself still playing this full-time for several weeks and enjoying setting myself new challenges all the time to keep things interesting.Highly recommended. Great value for money. Terrific fun, if you like an open-world sandbox experience."
,Recommended,427520,21642553,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Thanmor,This game is sooo awesome everyone should buy it and share it
,Recommended,427520,21642571,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,woopie,Amazing experience. I highly recommend it if you're into any form of automation organization.
,Recommended,427520,21643164,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GeneralX_,"This game..... for me at least is a logistical, loopy, time sucking game. It really pushes on some brain muscles not every game does."
76561197960434763,Recommended,427520,21648189,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,proppe.,"One of the greatest and most time consuming games I have played in a very long time.In other words, if you like Logistics, automation and strategy, this is a game you do not want to miss out on.I bought it at 20 Euro's a few days after release, and that is nothing compared with the amount of time I have already used in this AWSOME game. Can't stop once I start.GG.Thumps up Wube software LTD.Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,427520,21688828,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,stankiem,"This game has found a perfect addictive balance of something... I can't quite put my finger on it, but the pace of building, rewards, challenge, danger... it all fits together absolutely perfectly.  No idea if I will still be addicted in two weeks after I've gone through the content a couple times, but holy cow they nailed it and I would happily pay $50 for this game knowing how good it is after I've played it.  Highly recommended for anyone who likes any of the following genres: tycoon, tower defense, building, survival, rts.  This game truly has something for everyone.  I estimate this game will be insanely, massively popular in a few weeks after this has spread some."
76561197971170264,Recommended,427520,21686852,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,halflife,This is an incredibly deep and pleasing game to play. Hours disappear as you constantly grow and improve your factory. The premise is simple but how you choose to use the tools leads to almost infinite complexity.I love it!
,Recommended,427520,21687016,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,jdog43,love this game cant stop playing it.
76561198099244824,Recommended,427520,21687454,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,James Arlwind,"I first played this game a couple of years ago, back when it was still in its very earliest stages as just a download. Even then it was...... consuming. How far it's come.- On literally any size map you like, with fully adjustable resources and enemies, you can make Factorio as challenging or as sandbox as you like.- Research is easy to get used to, although it could be a bit more categorised (perhaps by level of Science needed??)- Automation is easy to get but an absolute nightmare to get right, in a good way.- The range of available technology allows for enormous, horribly complex layouts and arrangements.- Enemies are easy to deal with but requires very high tech weaponry to remove altogether; not forgetting of course INFINITE MAPS so they are never truly gone, merely slowed. Unless you turn them off completely.Getting lost in your own base, even with a map, is just as easy as getting lost in the game. Always looking for new, more efficient ways of designing your automated setup means hours of endless fun, challenges, discoveries and getting a friend or family member to fetch you food and drink because you don't want to leave it for even a second.I loved it as an online download and I'm very glad it became a more official game, easily found by all. I cannot recommend Factorio enough."
,Recommended,427520,21676312,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,mk,"Very, very good game. Despite being early access, it's incredibly stable, well-optimized and very fun."
,Recommended,427520,21676484,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Freddy from iCharlie,"You get to feel productive without actually being productive, 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21676515,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,okawei,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fun.  I feel like I'm playing minecraft for the first time again.  Haven't seen a builder/survival this good since...well, Minecraft."
76561198048788149,Recommended,427520,21676534,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Hammaneggs,"Imagine playing a 2D survival game with resource management aspects. As you continue, it becomes a massively long puzzle game. If you manage to beat the puzzles, it will start to become an RTS. This game will evolve, and it will force you to love the evolvement, whether you understand it or not. Do not sleep, for you will forget what you need to do, do not eat, for you will lose focus, only continue playing."
76561198032249487,Recommended,427520,21676603,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Lord Furno,"Yeah... not early access. This game is more finished than any EA game will ever be. I sunk ten hours into it the day I got it, haven't even tried the multiplayer.10/10"
76561198004440665,Recommended,427520,21680656,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Metasniper,Im ten hours in and still bad at it.
76561198202656067,Recommended,427520,27580294,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,p1efac3,"This game definitely deserves the ""JUST 5 MORE MINUTES"" Award!Its the best game I have ever played."
,Recommended,427520,27909284,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doctor Squishy,Early Access done right.
,Recommended,427520,27909295,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Illusori,"I had a life once. Then I bought Factorio. Six months later, I have a 1.2GW factory of splitters and combinators that performs my old job for me, freeing my day to play more Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,27909670,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nooby_banana,Great game for all the resource/builder/efficiency freaks out there.
76561198203030112,Recommended,427520,27904886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HerrSticks,Best $20 you will ever spend on Steam.
76561197974014424,Recommended,427520,27905291,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JellonaII,Amazing... Good game lads!
76561197977224401,Recommended,427520,27917355,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrPutDown,"Best $20 i've spent in a long time.""just 5 more minutes"""
76561197984722365,Recommended,427520,27917027,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cre the Spartan,"Suffer from ADHD?  OCD? Do you like the panic of a snowball gradually growing into an avalanche to the point that you have to bring in friends to spread your pain?  Then this is the ticket!  This game is nuts, which is funny because thats one of the few things you can't create in this game.  Want a vehicle?  Sure Tank or Dune buggy?  Want rockets or armor piercing rounds?  Want to build a steam engine to feed your rampant consumerism?   Start the game walking, then tool around in your ride, then build powerarmor, combat droids, personal auto defense laser (or three) energy shielding and exoskeleton mods so that you can sprint like a deer and hit like an army.  WHOOOOOO!"
,Recommended,427520,27915447,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xX_OptikWeedHitlerSixtyNine_Xx,"So let's start by saying that prior to purchasing this game, I had been looking at it for quite some time. I was never really sure if I would like it, but I did look like a lot of fun. One day I just decided, screw it, I'm just going to buy it. It was at that moment that I sealed 100+ hours of my life into a game that is incredible. I love this game to bits and can't wait to see the final product. It's the kind of game where you sit down for a 10 minute building session which escalates into a 1 hour session, and tumbles into a 10 hour session (Mostly because I kinda suck at making things and it takes me a long time to get everything working again xD). Anyways, this game is so much fun and I recommend iti to anyone who has a PC. Also the multiplayer lag fixes are AMAZING. <3"
,Recommended,427520,27912943,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[♥] OMFGeoff,"As an engineer, I love this game"
76561198064664407,Recommended,427520,27913895,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Thancit,100% worth it spent 5 hours makeing complex factory. Step away to eat come back and everything killed by waves of native animals. 5/7 would do again.
,Recommended,427520,27914154,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,|RHE| Moondog,Best game ever if you like building assembly lines!!!!
76561198169932375,Recommended,427520,27417974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Peanut,＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•) F<　⌒ヽ A/ 　 へ＼ B/　　/　＼＼ Uﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L/　/ O/　/| U(　(ヽ S|　|、＼
76561197993641045,Recommended,427520,27916129,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sagor,"One of those games, where ""just 5 more minutes"" results in you getting up from computer at 6am."
,Recommended,427520,27902734,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HypnoToad,I bought this game and set up a server for me and a few friends. I blinked and had over 40 hours on record. What happened?
,Recommended,427520,27902807,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blank,Im writing this review for the steam xp for the award♥♥♥♥♥♥ games actually pretty damn good but this review is for my own personal gains so...
76561198066606265,Recommended,427520,27911247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ThatIrishGuy,"Factorio is the embodiment of the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award."
76561198054285760,Recommended,427520,27911275,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Techhead22,"Where as Minecraft is for the architects, Factorio is for the engineers. This game takes automation to the max and gives you a reason to do so. Getting eaten by giant bugs is not so pleasant.There is so much complexity and the limits of what can be done mechanically and by the game engine are still being explored and tested. By the looks of it, it's nearly ready for release and I can't wait to push the final version to its limits."
76561198158505353,Recommended,427520,27911356,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JoshuaB,This game is such a well made game with logistic forcing you to update and a continuous sence of required exploration.The multiplayer has changed to benifit the player where it used to be inpossible it is so easy to opperate that i asked my 6 year old cousin to join my game without instructions and he did it with ease. and i CANNOT stress it enough GET THIS GAME.
76561198014076478,Recommended,427520,27911667,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Syken,"I wanted to try the game. Started a Sandbox. After 55h, I feel like I finally started to have a decent Factory. I don't want to leave my Sandbox anymore."
76561198236840640,Recommended,427520,21558059,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,DimaTheDestroyer,I was waiting for it to be on steam and boy was it worth it!
76561198014071350,Recommended,427520,21954273,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Synchronix,SUPRISINGLY AWESOME!
76561198001275525,Recommended,427520,21954346,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,esamsel,"So surprised by this game; it's incredible. Doesn't seem like early access at all, but I'm only about 15 hours in so far. It's like Dwarf Fortress meets Starcraft meets Settlers II meets Capitalism. So much depth!"
76561198086084130,Recommended,427520,21953569,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,guyhamilton,"Quite simply the best game I have ever played, really lovingly & beautifully put together, you can tell with all the detail in how all elements of the game interlink with each other, and also it is very educational I feel, it helps me use my cognitive ability and really gets the brain cells ticking in a fun and enjoyable way, and I don't feel too guilty about wasting time spent on a game when I feel it benefits the grey matter somewhat, it's nice to play after a day at work when I just want to chill and zone out from the world, if you ever liked Age of Empires or RTS games or strategy; this is the one for you, I hope the guys and girls who made it continue with this game model because you are on to a winner and you have basically just invented a new game genre that I have never seen anywhere before, and believe me I've played many, many, many games on many platforms, I thoroughly enjoyed this! This game is eternally playable, there really is no end game which makes it so addictive and enjoyable, the horizon you aim for in game but when you get there there is another one, the more the merrier! WOW! I hope this takes you to the world game awards because quite frankly it is more than worthy of a winning title."
76561197966560839,Recommended,427520,21953981,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Stuck in Reverse,Started cutting down a tree.16 hours later i launched a rocket with satellite into space.11/10 would be NASA again.
,Recommended,427520,21977618,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,dragoon8011,"So i normally dont go for early access as i never know what im getting, it could be a steaming pile of manure that claims it is in beta, a decent game with potential in either alpha or beta, or a fantastic game as it is in late beta. Luckily I tried factorio, and even more so, it fell in the later two. A fantastic game with so much potential. And for $20 and no tax, it is a bargain for the size the game really is. Theres no story, no real objective, just you and a pick axe, a world of resources and limitless design posiblities. But do mind the local wildlife, some spit others bite, just run them over in the tank for that wonderful squish, otherwise they will destroy everything. Happy building"
76561198030915717,Recommended,427520,21979506,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,MesSer,"If you love resource managment games this is amazing.I don't understand why this is still an ""early access game"" and haven't been pushed into a full release tbh :)"
76561198171552257,Recommended,427520,21979616,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,silhouette-UK,good just carnt play multiplayer
76561198082685962,Recommended,427520,21979738,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Walt,"This game is so amazing, I can't stop playing it"
,Recommended,427520,21972932,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,WesQ,Best factorio game ever its so funny
76561198030607210,Recommended,427520,21972979,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Spirit,Warning! This game is dangerously addicted! Basically you start in a remote world with scattered resources. You have to start off small and eventually your small base will grow into juggernaut factory base. The aliens evolves over the time as your base continue to pumps out pollution. This game gets harder as you progress which makes this game engaging and challenging. Do buy this game.
76561198073370031,Recommended,427520,21973473,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,hungdonkey,"very good game, not many bugs for an early access game."
76561197967653232,Recommended,427520,21978155,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,lufalynx,This game is brilliant and fun.  I can't wait to see the mods and the finished product.
76561198033681067,Recommended,427520,21978302,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Easykill305,Transport tycoon + Railroad tycoon + Sim City 3000 + Tower defence + Packet of chips = FactorioSeriously this is Transport tycoon X 1000. It's all that and a bag of chips!
,Recommended,427520,21958602,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,RiversOfGore,This game is worth every penny.  It is amazingly well put together and playable for an early access game.  Likely because Factorio has been in development for quite a while before coming to Steam.  If you like building stuff you'll love Factorio.
,Recommended,427520,21983897,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Red&Green,i died twice but i need more it calls my name every day
76561198022218974,Recommended,427520,21863177,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rick,Wonderfully addicting game.  Played over 30 hours in a week... opps.Girlfriend hates this game.
,Recommended,427520,21876958,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mesozoic,One of the best games ever! So good it haunts my dreams!
76561198021921023,Recommended,427520,22846177,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,tripodal,10/10 must play.
76561198112347762,Recommended,427520,22858071,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mr_FBI,yes you can buy this game!
,Recommended,427520,22857670,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MidnightMongoose,If youve always wanted to starve yourself to death but just never quite been able to go through with it then this game is all the motiviation you need. It will take away your life. Litterally and figurativley. BUY IT.
,Recommended,427520,22856954,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,A_Name,"great game... I like it it's kinda like a puzzle-solver game... except it's YOUR FAULT for the puzzles... heh heh YOUR FAULT...8.5/10 due to confusing, but workable, multiplayer"
76561197993654749,Recommended,427520,22885878,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Anherac,"Fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. I never had a game absorb time so much, it's fascinating."
76561198125085406,Recommended,427520,22886671,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,duckyjake37,There goes my free-time.
76561198036306213,Recommended,427520,22886930,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Emerols,"great game, my money and time have vanished thanks to this game."
,Recommended,427520,22886954,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Samster68,"A friend of mine directed me to this game. I had heard of it and it seemed neat, so I downloaded the demo... And played it for half an hour before buying the full game. Factorio is a great and addicting game, where you slowly build and upgrade your factory to its highest potential. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,427520,22887056,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Xerxes,Industrial engineering heaven. I'm ready to throw my summer away.
,Recommended,427520,22814319,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Oniko,"Wonderful automation game, if you like automating things and figuring out challenges that logistics present. The tutorial doesn't teach you how to use everything, so you will need to experiment, but it covers enough of it that you know where to start. The progression system is very fleshed-out and diverse, and you might end up spending 40 to 100 hours on one randomly generated map before you complete the final objective. The modding community is great as well, almost as good as that of Minecraft, and mods greatly increase the already immense amount of time and replayability the game has. If you're still reading this, then I would highly recommend you get this game, you'll love it."
76561198026777295,Recommended,427520,22802300,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,badfish1060,Very fun
76561198056105764,Recommended,427520,22810426,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Surged AI,I like riding on conveyors while my friends build everything.Its fun to see they're reaction to me slowly passing by.10/10 Would slowly pass by my friends again
76561198050676968,Recommended,427520,22816374,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Psychotic,"Ladies and Gents this game is amazing...This is a game about resource management and automation. Start off small, end huge. That being said, there's not really a ""stroy mode"". There IS a small little chapter-like tutorial that goes over what you need to know to get the game going. After the chapters are over, though, you just build factories, which builds stuff, which helps you automate other construction, and launch rockets into space, while occasionally fighting off the indigenous alien lifeforms.This game has a huge deal of replayability. The map itself is randomly generated, so it is possible to have a completely different challenge each time you play. On top of that, you can play for as long as you want, because the map never ends! I've tried!! IT JUST KEEPS GOING!!! (well, until i got eaten by a giant worm-thingy)Honestly, parts of it are hard to understand at first, and the train system screws with me on a regular basis, but it sounds like the developers are pretty involved, so that's a plus. At any rate, once you get a hang of the mechanics, this game is AWESOME!!!50+ Hours in, still not bored! 10/10!"
76561198119597037,Recommended,427520,22750308,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,thearcanecookie,It needs a lot more stuff but is a great game for begineers at automation to experts
,Recommended,427520,22754726,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Equinox,"I have a serious aversion to buying Early-Access games, but I do make very occasional exceptions. This game is one such exception. The only way I can even hope to compare it to something a decent number of people might understand would be ""Tekkit Minecraft with old Command n Conquer graphics except way, way better."" Seriously, this game is so much fun and is already worth the price-point for the hours you're going to invest. I'm looking forward to how they plan on balancing a lot of the content because there are definitely problems in its current state, but it's still a good pick-up if you already like what you see and want to support the game's development."
,Recommended,427520,22755283,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Marcamatic,"I have literally been playing for 10 hours straight, and I have only played 2 levels from the second campaign, thats more then I get out of every AAA game. I'm actually afraid to try and infinate map because I know thats my life from here on out!"
,Recommended,427520,22756329,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,AnarchyOfAngels,"This game is intricate, complex and flexible yet always a challenge. I reccommend it to anyways who wants to test their wits or express them and their creativity."
,Recommended,427520,22756522,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Father Pennywig,My brian hurts......lol just KDGreat game had a lot of fun 2player driving tanks around and crashing in to your own buildings lol
,Recommended,427520,21552829,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,James,"I used to play this when it very first was released on their website, and so much has changed, in a good way!"
,Recommended,427520,22791920,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,.#CAPTAIN_CAPSLOCK?!11,"Addictive, complex, fantastic!"
,Recommended,427520,25277212,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lorgarmor,"This game is a dream for everyone loving to plan, maintain and expand complex systems.You can create huge (and I mean HUGE) factories. You can even create factories, that create new factories.Just google ""factorio rocket parts"" and see for yourself, what players did with this game.This game is simply awesome and one of my all-time favorites."
76561197974926432,Recommended,427520,25321101,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,gegvasco,"Simply outstanding. Within 1 hour I was hooked. Has been a long time since I've played a game for 8 hours straight without leaving my seat, and then only because nature called!"
,Recommended,427520,25307601,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mraze,Great game!
,Recommended,427520,22286529,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,my name's jeff,"AMAZING GAMENotice: Before u buy this game you need to know that you have to leave everything behind. That includes your family and friends, your job or school, your other games and everything important in life cuz this game is adicting as f**k ! Best strategy game I ever played. Highly suggest buying factorio if you're thinking about it. Thumbs up !"
76561197989346915,Recommended,427520,25308202,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,staviq,"In this game, you will have to use your brain, it will hurt, and you will love every second of it.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,25310856,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cmdr C.Etol,One of the most engrossing and fun games I have ever had the chance to play. Love it!
76561198053731238,Recommended,427520,25305800,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Très Bien,"If you like a game where everything ""clicks"" together and works as a giant machine, along with the fact that you did all of that, this game is for you."
76561198215461251,Recommended,427520,25306266,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,daduhweewah,"This game will hurt your brain, unless you google the appropriate number of things top build to make it work efficiently. Thats no fun though.These guys deserve the 20$ you will spend on this game. Really intelligent game that is kind of a one of a kind (im not a huge gamer, I have never played anything quite like this personally) Just build this and connect it to the next thing you need to build with a conveyor belt. By the end you have thousands of conveyor belt pieces connecting to hundreds (if not well over 1000) machines drills smelters etc etc."
,Recommended,427520,30860546,Posted: 31 March,all,n-word,"I would recommend this game to anyone who likes progress based games, where building the best and most thoughtout design reaps you the best reward later as you continue. However, the game does get very repetitive, and can get extremely boring when you feel like you're always running out of outposts to feed your factory. Completing and progressing in the game is, emphasis, so pleasing, but as you play more and more you begin to realize its a one, maybe two, time high."
76561198191931405,Recommended,427520,30860581,Posted: 31 March,all,R3markable,"Factorio is amazing for gamers with a creative brain. You might feel overwhelmed if you look at screenshots of a factory, but don't worry, you start out small and expand your factory over time. Before you know it, you have an armada of robots at your disposal to rapidly build new sections of the sprawling artificial organism that your factory has become.Remember; If it works, it's not stupid!The Factorio developers continue to work diligently on improving and optimising the game, even though the game is already very stable and loaded with features. This shows that Factorio is very much a labour of love. The devs also provide an update on what they have been working on, every week, on friday. (Factorio Friday Facts).It will probably be the best 20 bucks you have spend, since you bought Minecraft."
,Recommended,427520,25316367,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Bha!,Great and fun game. It starts a bit hard and takes a couple hours and a few tries to learn to do things but once you are on track the game is awesome and addictive.Totally worth it's price and is not even finished yet!
,Recommended,427520,25291535,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Fred-E-Rick,"Despite the fact that the price went, I would still recommend it!"
,Recommended,427520,25284171,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Might've Oaks,10/10
,Recommended,427520,25288127,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Merlin pfp,Factoriois a game about efficency when you start your first game and dont know what to doyou will be like wtf how does this work and at this point there are two types of people one thats starts to use google and the other typ that trys to figure stuff out themeself but both will rech the point where they say well my factorie looks like a messthe next time you start a game you will do better but still you will reach the point where you get to think well what if i redo this or do this...if you like to improve things this game is totally for youdownsides are there are not very much online server to play with or against each otherbut if you have friends to play this game with it does not matter
,Recommended,427520,25264314,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Aubog007,"Game is great, reminds me of Civ's ""one more turn"" mentality, except there's no end to the amount of improvements you can do. So prepare to lose track of time!"
76561198043173344,Recommended,427520,30859331,Posted: 31 March,all,Titanmaul,"At the time of review, I would say the game has a bit to go before I would say it was complete. The real question though, was it worth the money I spent on it? Yes. Yes it was."
,Recommended,427520,25296382,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Alchemist,27/10
,Recommended,427520,25295901,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Slam Dewey,Its great.  If you're thinking about buying cause you think you'll like it:You will.
76561198154270182,Recommended,427520,25261649,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,enw0Ifgx3x,i love this game so much =3
76561198011241039,Recommended,427520,24371929,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Sopwith,"I just turned 29, and I haven't played a game for 12 hours straight since my early 20's. I just did that with Factorio on the day I bought it. 10/10, would abandon all adult responsibilities again."
,Recommended,427520,22033957,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Invictor,LOVE THIS GAME SOOOO MUCH HIGHLY RECOMMMEND >>>>>>>>>>> csgo
,Recommended,427520,22031430,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,craigcaski,This game. Something about it hits my pleasure centers hard. Creating giant automated factories is incredibly satisfying. It's already one of my favorite games ever and its still an early access title. Hats off to the dev team.
,Recommended,427520,22030631,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ＴＨＲＩＬＬＨＯ,"This game is very good. In fact, it's so good it's a problem. Playing factorio is what I imagnine being a heroin junkie is like. You wake up, decide to play some factorio, then all of the sudden it's 10 PM and you need to rush to the store to buy some food before it closes. You haven't eaten all day long so you're a bit woozy when you stand up, and your kidneys are hurting a bit from dehydration. You close your eyes to get away from the mess of empty coffee cups on your desk, and hallucinate conveyor belts.I've logged 26 hours in two play sessions :-/I think... I think I have a problem and need to uninstall this game. But maybe you'll do better? I'll recommend you try it I guess because it is fundamentally a very good game. But it's not a game for me. I fear for my health."
76561197992818166,Recommended,427520,22019493,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Sammy Rajala,"One of the best games I played, ever. I had to put this game on hold for one week because lack of sleep. If you happen to be an engineer, as me, think twice before purchasing this game. It will ruin your life. :) There is always something to build or improve and it is impossible to stop playing. I had one week with max 4 h sleep / night because of this game."
,Recommended,427520,22019731,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Anders,"Of all the games i have played in 30 years, this is the best."
76561197998392331,Recommended,427520,22020555,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MXP,Studying Systems Engineering. Finally found an application for my knowledge and i´m kinda also studying in my leasure time. Strange - but my grades got better. Yay! Worth it!
,Recommended,427520,22020667,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dra9onmaster27,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!! if you are looking fo a open world, sandbox, technical game then this is for you.  agter you get the just of the gane it is really fun and easy. get this game NOW!"
76561198046562170,Recommended,427520,22021069,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Badpun,"A wholeheartedly positive recommendation, and I hate crafting games but that's just the end here - what's far more fun and engrossing is the process. Simple to grasp, fun to uncover, heart-breaking when the natives come out to play and joyful when entire wings of complicated systems of complicated subsystems suddenly click with that final errant connection. The automation is never less than a delight and every now and then you'll find yourself simply taking a wonderfully peripatetic tour of the organic complexity unfolding with every click - just make sure you bring a good gun."
76561198016403096,Recommended,427520,22021098,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Hwa Ryun『Guide』,This is the kind of value for $20 you want in a game
,Recommended,427520,30688824,Posted: 23 March,all,Hesus,Amazing game
,Recommended,427520,25791814,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Shen.,i seriously underestimated this game.
76561198151041299,Recommended,427520,30687760,Posted: 23 March,all,Michomaniac,This game is an instant enjoyment as soon as you spawn into the game!
76561198061229298,Recommended,427520,30686078,Posted: 23 March,all,Captain Puggehh,10/10 very fun
76561198032531132,Recommended,427520,30694527,Posted: 23 March,all,BigDemus,I played this game for about 5 minutes... then for about 80 hours. You want this game.
,Recommended,427520,30709964,Posted: 24 March,all,Casper,Most cerebral game I have played in yearsQuality content throughout
,Recommended,427520,30709373,Posted: 24 March,all,Teerts,Factoriocrack.Put down the Spoons and Needles and pick this bad boy up.
76561198079383870,Recommended,427520,21595154,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,VTX VorTeX,"Building a factory, improving your factory, defending your factory, making everything symmetrical, making the factory as efficient as possible. This game is amazing."
,Recommended,427520,27557604,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Totally Das Wojo,"This game is spectacular. The game has an amazing amount of mechanics nested within each other, and you're never at a point where you don't have enough things to do. Additionally, the developers are all very passionate and constantly working on the game."
,Recommended,427520,27559737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rill,good game if you like things to be organised (or disorganised its your call) but beware....once you start you might have trouble stopping
,Recommended,427520,27553784,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shazbot!,"IntroTired of crafting all your items yourself?Automate it and build increasingly complex production lines for more and more advanced items, realize you aren't producing enough of an intermediate resource and upgrade/redesign at least 3 other production lines. All while also making sure that the defense against the native creatures is working/supplied and also occasionally going on a rampage to claim new land and resources, to meet the ever increasing demands of your factory.GameplayBuilding your factory can be done by designing on the fly or with lots of planning and carefully calculated ratios. The building itself never gets tedious, as the tools get more powerful, as the projects get bigger, with blueprints and construction robots instead of placing by hand. The combat aspect can be kept to a minimum if you want to purely focus on building, but stays challenging otherwise, as the enemies get more dangerous, when your factory produces more pollution. Which means you need to design a defense system, that the enemy cant break through, while not using up to many resources through repair and ammo. The goal is to launch a rocket, but you can also choose to ignore that and just build a megabase, try to multiple launches per hour, spend all your time optimizing designs or find ways to waste the most resource or create some silly stuff with circuit networks.Performance, gfx and audioThe graphics of this game, aren't something out of the unreal engine, but they look good, fit the theme of the game very well and are not very demanding. <so you should be able to play this on most machine without performance problems until your base has gotten too big. You will be hearing mostly the sounds of working machines, from steam engines to conveyor belt to the clicking of robots deploying to pump-jacks, with some turret fire when you get to the edge of your factory and some warning beep, when things get destroyed or bots can't find items. All that over a very minimalistic sountrack.Early AccessYou have the option to just enjoy the stable version or play the experimental versions and make bug reports suggestions to the Devs. The experimental branch receives very frequent updates, but it takes a while until these update move to the main branch, but if you want to play with the newest features, the experimental branch is usual very playable. The Devs communicate a lot in the forums and post weekly development updates."
,Recommended,427520,27560218,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Matthias_Wlkp,"This game is amazing in most aspects, most notably:- providing an interesting challenge - especially if you have anything to do with actual automation, you can really appreciate the effort done by the devs- support - for over 3 years, the devs didn't miss a single Friday, to update their community on progress and roadmap. NOT A SINGLE ONE! Wat is more, the official forums are used for bug tracking - respective topics are moved around from ""in progress"" section to ""completed"" as it goes. TRULY collaborative effort between the devs and players. They should get an award for that alone."
,Recommended,427520,26520760,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,gozen_of_kamakura,"Factorio is a great game.It is tremendously addictive, you start building one section of your factory, and you then think oooh i gotta do that, then that and then that.Creating a truly great logistics system is part of the fun carting cargo from one place to another in order to automatically produce items which can be used in a variety of functions. Like defense from the indigenous life forms, constructing robots to build portions of you factory so you dont have to, also to ferry cargo from one place to another.The rail system is great fun if you are mildly into trains or railway sytems.I Highly recommend. Its an awesome game and the developers regularly update the community and the game itself.Check out some lets play videos on youtube they showcase the game in its awesomeness"
,Recommended,427520,27543137,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Geretenk,Simply fantastic.
76561198078782083,Recommended,427520,27543182,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jarsinlions,This game is great for people who love base building and like to come up with procedures. Whats fun is that you make your own puzzles then solve them in a never ending environment!
,Recommended,427520,27540877,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brainstorm,"The ""Cracktorio"" nickname is well deserved... 5 more minutes!"
,Recommended,427520,27537256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zlutz,"Bought it after I've seen it on youtube, didn't regret it for a minute!I tried Vanilla version and after 20-ish hours almost made it to end game, however, I wanted to start again and build a better base so I've installed a large ammount of mods (bobs and angels)... after 40 hours of gameplay, I think I've only scratched the surface.10/10, would buy again!p.s. It's an ""early access"" game and it's getting better and better by every single patch they make!"
,Recommended,427520,27543909,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HeyJamesKay,Amazing game that keeps getting better with every update. Can't wait for the full version.
,Recommended,427520,27544278,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,T RA N S C 0 N N D,"Once you start, you won't stop."
76561197966938065,Recommended,427520,27538381,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gazer75,Just an amazing building game. Not much more to say.
,Recommended,427520,27538579,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Carluuluu,"Closed the game for the first time in 26 months to nominate for ""5 more minutes"""
76561198058014558,Recommended,427520,27538738,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zappron,"20 bucks spent for over 200 hours of gameplay, many more to comegreat buildup to even greater endgame, and though it takes a lot of learning to actually automate your factory, it really captures like few other games can.without any doubt the best in development game out there. and i haven't even tried the multiplayer which probably adds even more to the experience"
76561198042952453,Recommended,427520,27537864,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,foonbox,"Buy it, Play it, Award it!"
76561198015325674,Recommended,427520,27067177,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Backlash Ejaculation,sandbox? checkmining resources? checkbuilding stuff? checkplanning stuff? checl
76561197987640888,Recommended,427520,27064241,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neaera,I heard you like factories...
,Recommended,427520,27064317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ComfyDadu,"If you want to spend hours trying to create the perfect factory and destory everything else inside your life outside of this game, well its a great game."
,Recommended,427520,27075029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archvile,"Excellent game!  Very additive automation simulator.  There's tons to do, and definitely worth multiple playthroughs.  The single player campaign is basically a decent tutorial."
,Recommended,427520,27075176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shnik,Good Game
76561197990792990,Recommended,427520,22703236,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mrvilla,"If you have anything you want to do with you life, then do it before you start this game.Wanna get married? Best thing is to do it before you start this game.If you are married and wanna stay that way.......might be best to just skip this game.It is to a gamer what heroin is to a drug addict.And this is just early release!?!?!I'm doomed!"
,Recommended,427520,22716355,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,nightwing2369,"I love this game! i started seeing stuff on yourtube about it (a week ago) and as soon as i downloaded the demo (2 days ago) i fell in love with it. bought the game after i finished the demo. i hope to play it with friends. i like that it requires more brain power then cpu power. I feel this game still has some room to still go, some new energy generation would be nice(nuclear, wind, hydro, etc). i like that there is a pollution, that you can moniter it, and that there are consequences to polluting(alien attack). i like the art design, i know some hate it but thats what the mods are for. anyway, great game, you should at least try the demo/ watch a youtube video over it."
76561198047590636,Recommended,427520,21667316,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Reaper,Absolutely Amazing game really got addicted to it... Anyone who loves strategy and management should play this game to test their skills.
,Recommended,427520,22714657,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ned Slark,Great Game!
76561198042716925,Recommended,427520,22711641,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,UNSC MASTER CHIEF,one thing add  first preson
,Recommended,427520,22711854,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,John NotSmith,"This game's goal is to increase the resources:time ratio. Progress is palpable and satisfying. Factorio keeps itself customizeable enough that replaying the game remains fun, and knowledge from previous playthroughs aids in starting up again."
,Recommended,427520,22707297,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Albert Wesker,"Factorio is a fantastic game about factory management and defense buildingI can easily see myself playing this for hours on end! And for a game that's in early development, it's smooth, crash free (on my system) and is content rich. This is largely due to the game being in development for 4 years!"
76561198049106163,Recommended,427520,22713351,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,CommanderStrike1,"For starters, I'll simply say the decision to buy the game is ultimately a personal one.In the 70 hours I've played so far up to today's date of April 29th, I can easily say that this quite the amazing game. There is literally so much you can do and achieve, and how you go about it is left so open ended by the developers; which makes this quite the experience. This game is also still in Early Access, but the developers are passionate in this game; they really have put tons of effort into this.Also, don't let the price tag turn you off, the game is WELL worth the 25 dollars."
,Recommended,427520,22731281,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Barney Rubble,weeeee
,Recommended,427520,22731903,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Scooterulez,"IT is one of those games that it has to be experienced than watching a trailer for it. I found this game fun to play with family and friends, creating loads of factories and such. The only down side is the wait time with some of the crafting items. Buy this game and support the creators!"
76561198101344499,Recommended,427520,22731904,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ShadowKnight,"By the time you read this review I will have 100+ hours into this game. So far, I have around 10 hours into the game and I haven't even scratched the surface of this game. I absolutely love it. I am on 1 out of 4 campaign chapters and it would probably take me 100 hours to beat it all.  After you have completeds the campaign there are 4 other things you can do: Multiplayer, freemode, Sandbox, and mods. I have not played any of the yet and know little of them but you get the idea of what they are. There are plenty of technologies that range from convetor belts to trains, to military vehicles and weaponslike tanks, to little robots that help around the factory that all lead to u launching a rocket into space.Overall I would recommend this to people that would like a more advanced (and mature) minecraft like base-building style with plently of technologies that lead to you launching a rocket into space.WELL WORTH $25.00"
76561198004043543,Recommended,427520,22729509,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sorry4Partyin',"One of the most addicting games I've ever played.  Great game as-is, but I can't wait to see how it develops."
,Recommended,427520,22729698,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,droezeltje,"Just a good game, play it almost every day! The tutorial is very handy for new players.Even on my pc (with some older GPU) it runs very smooth."
,Recommended,427520,22732570,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MexCFood,Such an amazing efficiency/building game.  I can't wait for new content.
76561198009737591,Recommended,427520,22729074,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Pheyte,"The 98% doesnt lie this game is time consuming, soul stealing, binge game worth every penny"
76561198012336332,Recommended,427520,22734074,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,44brett,"I really wasn't sure if I wanted to buy the game at first, but I decided to because of the reviews. Now I can't stop playing. It's so complex, and challenging to learn at times. Although when you do learn how to do it, it gives you such a sense of achomplishment! Great game, and even better with friends!"
,Recommended,427520,22737237,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,3nvy,Like Starcraft Tower Defense meets Black & White. This game has consumed me.10/10
76561198028071929,Recommended,427520,22737392,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AngrySCV,"It's a great game and trying to get everything just right is rather rewarding (especially when it starts happening on the first try).Other reviews will likely do the game better justice on the game play side, but I want to say that Linux support on this title is top notch. Unlike many of the unity games this one does not suffer from slowdowns or crashes common with engines that export a Linux binary. It also manages to avoid all of the bugs in the Nvidia driver on my machine, which seems to be quite a feet given how many other games have problems."
76561198152341151,Recommended,427520,22736210,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DUPPYDENT,"How can I say enough good things about this game....okay for starters its a flat 20 dollar initial perchase no pay for play no nonsense.supports mods ..and its well worth every penny.Every aspect of your factory is yours to design from production and automation to defense. The research system is amazingly in depth and all this comes together to make a completly emersive experience. This game plays so smoothly its a wonder it is not a finished product.The fact that the developers are still refining and still adding too it is a testiment of there love for the title.I am about 7 hours in and the only drawback is I only have 24 hours in a day and eventually have to sleep,although if I automate everything and my defenses are self healing and reloading then I see no reason to stop even production while sleeping."
,Recommended,427520,22735601,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,D_Willie_Chapo,"the game where you always have too much of one thing and none of what you need, so you spend 2hrs making and assembly to make the thing you need, then run out of the other thing..."
76561198033394322,Recommended,427520,21598050,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Buddha_Finger,Why can I not stop playing this game?
,Recommended,427520,21598192,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Claudio Mengaba,"My god what have I done???? I can't do anything else. I just wanna play this game, this is the best game I played since Minecraft."
76561197975626584,Recommended,427520,21598264,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Heckler,"Stay away.  Highly addictive, co-op is legit."
,Recommended,427520,21594078,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,*OctopusTwist* ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,It's good!
76561198099823412,Recommended,427520,21594180,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Mail-order blowjob,Those with OCD can grow solid diamonds in their pants once they get the hang of playing.
,Recommended,427520,21594276,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pandy,10/10
76561198046914510,Recommended,427520,21594399,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,praymond1019,This game will keep me busy until No mans sky
76561198228355484,Recommended,427520,21594414,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Fatman,I have Automated this message. Time passed-2 hours. What I thought had passed-2minuetssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssAaaand I ran out of an ingredient. Again.
76561198012767583,Recommended,427520,21594420,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nethr,Unbelievable amount of content! Never expected it to just keep going and going. I have played many other similar games such as Big Pharma and Infinifactory but this one really stands out. So many ways to continue to improve your assembly lines.While the different gameplay modes are fun the Sandbox mode really stands out and games can last forever!Mulitplayer also makes this game stand out from other similar games.10/10
,Recommended,427520,21594439,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kherby,"Honestly all I can say is if you like building and simulation games you'll love Factorio. It's especially unique and fun because you can play with a friend on multiplayer. There's not many games of this style that support that.Most people you'll see playing this game try to make everything as efficient as possible. I personally just set out to build and have fun doing so. Fighitng the ""biters"" in this game can be a nice and reward feeling challenge.This game does take some time to figure out but once you got the basics down it's extremely addicting. It also takes a good amount of time to research everything. You'll get about 30-40 hours of gameplay simply from attempting to research every possible upgrade.Also... it has ♥♥♥♥ing mods."
,Recommended,427520,21595542,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Crackf0x,Cracktorio is dangerously addictive. Beware
76561198013924266,Recommended,427520,21594006,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Killdozer,"I purchased Factorio roughly 2 years before it made it's way onto Steam. I invested hundreds of hours into it, but for some reason I have a sneaking suspicion that I only scratched the surface of what is possible in this game.This isn't nearly the best or most detailed description of Factorio, but it's like if you took all the best elements of Simcity, Minecraft, and the first two RollerCoaster Tycoon games, fed them all steroids, then mixed them together and created a video game that is so addicting that after 12 straight hours of gameplay, you'll be staring bleary-eyed at your computer screen like the first time you played any of the games I mentioned. Factorio has everything you've ever wanted in a video game, and everything you had no idea you wanted in a video game. If you want a game experience with more depth than the oceans, pull the trigger on this one. It's friggin' awesome.If you do decide to buy, I'd honestly suggest you do not play it until you know for certain that you have a huge chunk of time available. Why? Because you won't want to stop.Ever."
76561198022364815,Recommended,427520,21591143,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Blinky,Great game if you like factories.
,Recommended,427520,21602000,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bleach Dealer,awesome game
76561197996768740,Recommended,427520,21602027,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Carnivale,"A brilliant game of industrial planning, management and defense. Designing the layouts of your factories and assembly lines is truly addictive and successfully completing your complex layouts feels satisfying."
,Recommended,427520,21602144,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Blegdore,If you've ever played some of the more complex automation mods in Minecraft you have an idea of a small portion of what this game is.  This is one of those great games that goes as deep as you want to go.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,427520,21599734,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,adrian.,"Stable, fun, addictive."
,Recommended,427520,21599875,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lord_Derpenheim,"I love this game, would recommend, five stars, yatta yatta. However, I would like to report something in an official review: The assembling machines. Amazing idea, not so great execution. It does create the specified items for a time, but for some reason when you chain them along to make more complex items (i.e. chaining gears to make inserters to make science packs) something seems to break down and cause it to simply stop. However, this is not something I believe to warrant the game not being played as it is something simply a convenience item. Love the game."
,Recommended,427520,21629752,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DarkLite,Great fun - definitely recommend!
,Recommended,427520,21628167,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KANTO,"Best game ever in the game history , the theme of game made me feel like i am in the Starcraft universe. This steampunk universe is the best. 10/10. i cant imagine how the game would be when it released as v1.0I recommend the game for people who love diablo-like best themed games."
,Recommended,427520,27526774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dmilor,"There are many, many hours of replayability in this game.First few goes you're just throwing factories, mines and transporters anywhere you can. Subsequent replays are spent optimising layouts and refining strategies.And on top of all that it's an early access game so new features are still being added. I know many people don't like early access games because they may never get finished to a polished, playable state. Factorio is already there and is still improving.Grab the demo and see for yourself."
,Recommended,427520,27526879,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Z3r05t4r 'Fool',"Industry. Industry is Love. Industry is Life.With Factorio you come to witness ruthless exploitation of natural resources and absolute disregard for mother nature. You can do both of these things. And feel good about it, because you are at least venting your inherent rage for the greens you have to mow in between, because mom says so, into virtual reality. Where pollution plays little role and just enrages some animals who happen to live without opponents on the planet you stranded upon.But to cite a few famous men clad in thick armor, you shall not suffer the Xeno, so you must purge and use their essence as yet another resource to drive forward the endless all-consuming industrialization of the pure and beautiful serene world. Well, some claim, you are doing this to get off, but admitting it, you are doing it because it happens to be mildly entertaining and nobody is bothering you with taxes or regulations as you can go full Trump on this poor little world.In any case, a 10/10 to get. Hurts your brain, but teaches you quite a bit and can be a lot of fun, also in multiplayer! Constant updates make the purging of Xenos and exploitation of resources more entertaining, and with the upcoming nuclear power for 0.15, well, you know where that could lead.PS: Forgot the good amount of excellent mods out there. Nice community, caring developers, I dare say. So, stop reading, buy it, play it."
,Recommended,427520,27527098,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sigint,"Everytime I play, I lose 6 hours of time. You have been warned."
76561197994949542,Recommended,427520,27527196,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Killerbee,"""Mom, just 5 more minutes!""200 hours later...""Ok, I'm done for today"""
,Recommended,427520,27528820,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frosty_Burrito,"I love this game. Over 250 hrs in, and I still cannot seem to peel away!!"
76561198039384624,Recommended,427520,27529580,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[NL]Ditrone,"Highly addictive, especially in combination with Bob's mod. The best games I have played the last time. My biggest save file is almost 70MB, so yeah..."
76561198006035154,Recommended,427520,27527275,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spamco,Good game
,Recommended,427520,27527731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sambot,One of the most addicting games I've ever played. A must-have!
,Recommended,427520,27520988,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lt. Jim Dangle,If you love complicated resource chain games this is the game for you! Easy use of mods allows for scaling up or down the level of complication to suit any player. It is really easy to put in a lot of time with this gem!
,Recommended,427520,27522522,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,myszon,"Highly addictive, very fun!Saw the sun come up a few times while playing this game :)"
76561198041609767,Recommended,427520,27523219,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,klatin,Best game ever!
,Recommended,427520,23331006,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Bajter,"I\'ve bought the game after playing the demo, made a friend buy it after I played through campaign, and we\'re now playing together for 30h+ already, still in one game, and waiting for 0.13 changes.The game is a very good experience, if you like to think, organize, and sometimes rework what you did to improve upon your own ideas. (or your friends)It\'s hard for me to compare it directly to any other game, but it\'s a Super Complex Factory Building Simulation-Strategy with some action elements mixed in.Another thing that always happens when I start this game...18:00 - Okay, let\'s play for an hour!I play for a bit, realise that I have to light the lights in my room... Oh crap, three hours passed and I\'m in the middle of something!Yeah, don\'t get this game if you don\'t have time to spare this way. :)If you have someone to play with, recommended times 100. Especially taking into the consideration the future improvements that are incoming. This is already (0.12) a very high quality game.Edit: At 0.14 this game is even better than it was! I recommend it to everyone who feels like tackling engineering-like tasks in a fun form :)"
,Recommended,427520,27516035,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Epic Panda,Played non stop over a weekend. I could still see the game when I closed my eyes.
,Recommended,427520,26970911,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MaRCeL,"""Just 5 More Minutes"" ? Turns into a few more hours or even nights without sleep.Addicting game. always something to optimize in your factory"
,Recommended,427520,27516085,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Warlord_Zsinj,"Building 100 circuit cards is easy, building 10000 circuit cards every hour is very, very hard"
,Recommended,427520,27516197,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shiT happenS™,"Damm Good!!You may forget your actual life, Careful!"
,Recommended,427520,27513812,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meister Spl1fter ^_^,World of autism
76561198064711608,Recommended,427520,27514352,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,liamveck,I nominated this game for the “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award.
,Recommended,427520,27514646,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mahala22,Amazing game
,Recommended,427520,27517607,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zorsken,Factorio é aquele tipo de jogo que você começa a jogar e não quer mais parar.
76561198207889269,Recommended,427520,22246577,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,edchretien87,10/10 game only  thing missing is Human AI like other suvivers that you can fine add to a map or spawn auto oh yea and boss Aliens. THANKS FOR THE GAME WELL WORTH THE TIME ONE MONEY WOOT!
,Recommended,427520,22262939,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Netoxic,I like factories.
,Recommended,427520,22260244,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Rspinelle,I cant see the terrain
76561197970205339,Recommended,427520,21585294,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Shinikake,"Open Transport Tycoon Delux(http://www.openttd.org/)meets simcity classic with some minecrafty survival elements as icing on the delicious cake that is Factorio!Buy it, BUY IT NOW!"
76561198090644476,Recommended,427520,22235017,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,The Sheriff 'round 'ere,As soon as you start building factories your connections to the outside world fall apart.
,Recommended,427520,22230262,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Fronic,I am a busy person that works 45+ hours plus tries to keep my wife and kid happy by going out all the time. I bought this game 2 weeks ago and have 75 hours logged. This is one of those games that just is good fun and addicting. I think this will fit more with people that like to think in problem-multiple solution scenarios and city building. The fact that this is early access is astonishing because of how fleshed out it is.Only con is that currently the fighting mechanism is kind of weak and repeatative(and can't be automated).
,Recommended,427520,22232914,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Unox,"Great game, if you're an optimization buff I wholeheartedly recommend you skip this. It will consume your every waking moment (or at least untill you've researched everything).If for nothing else I recommend it on the virtue of costing $ 20 instead of $ 19.99"
,Recommended,427520,22231631,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,haymantaylor,Yes.
,Recommended,427520,22231006,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ZEF STAR,"One of the most complete, unique, and deep experiences in gaming at the moment. It's a game that establishes so well a niche for itself that it brings gaming back to the type of originality and dedication in development that we are so sorely missing."
76561197980349491,Recommended,427520,22233949,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Lurk6r,This game is a bigger time killer than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Civilization V and World of Warcraft.
76561198060253232,Recommended,427520,22244821,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Uasausqui,This is pure cocaine.....
76561198071701010,Recommended,427520,22245130,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,cwrowe,Absolutely addictive!  Very well thought out game play.  Although it is early access it feels very polished and I look forward to the developers adding refinements.
76561198122613478,Recommended,427520,22245481,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DogeNut,"This game is simply just amazing.When I say amazing this game is one of those games that look interesting when you first take a look, and then waste months and hours of your life playing this game because you can't put it down once you play it!And this is a game where you where your only goal is to automate everything and then launch more rockets and sit back and watch your factory grow like wildfire or a spilling science pack!Plus its only a alpha is already going over all expections as well the game having a nostliga look to it. This game really deserves a 10/10 oh being one of kind in its field.Nice job devs! Keep it going with the epic updates! :D"
,Recommended,427520,25626205,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,dwood15,"If you're a fan of playing Minecraft in peaceful mode, and just wanted a bit more depth, this game is for you! Factorio is a deceptively simple game in that it seems complex, but is at the same time super simple. The core mechanics of mining is similar to just about any survival game, but quickly scales far beyond any survival game I know of. It's as if you blend zachtronics' infiniminer with a 2D minecraft, with baddies and everything.The learning curve is in waves until you're able to request via logisitc robots everything be delivered to you. That said, its fairly accessible to the user despite the user interface and tech information from in-game being non-friendly. Set the enemy area size to none when you start your first game and just dink around. Unless you die to critters, or get run over by your automated train, you can carry on with factorio games forever.The only thing I wish (beyond a more intuitive interface) is that the game be in 3D instead of 2D."
76561197979750769,Recommended,427520,25623463,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,GruntUltra,"I bought this game after watching YouTubers like Arumba and Steejo play it. I thought it looked easy enough to grasp... It was the best $20 I've ever spent. Like everybody else - I'll start playing and keep telling myself 'You HAVE to go to bed... You work on airplanes, dude..."" So I crash reluctantly around 2am, then wake up (sitting straight up) thinking'I could make a separate factory just to sort all of those border-region materials!'So I get up a 5am and start playing again - nearly late for work. Then at work I'm writing notes to myself so I don't forget the ideas I have - to try them out when I get home.And I'm not even that good at it - I've launched a couple satellites in a game that I had about 100 hours on - cool stuff. But I barely understand train signals so I make my railroads simple like a kids wooden train set from the 60's. You laugh, but it still works.Initially I thought the game reminded me a little of Anno 1602 (released in 1998 - literally - in the last millennium). It is similar in a way - maybe about 10-12% similar - but just better in every way. In fact it's better than every game I've ever played.And I'm really not a good gamer. I play World of Warships with my buddies for a couple hours each night, and I'm struggling to get above the 50% win rate. But the whole time I'm playing I'm thinking 'I hope everybody bails soon so I can get back to my REAL game...'Factorio has a VERY HIGH REPLAYABILITY rate - something unlike most games that cost way more.It has mod support too - I run about 10 mods (including Factorissimo - whoa, that stuff will blow your mind!)And now you can find, install, remove and update mods WITHIN THE GAME MENU!It's as accessible as any game I've ever seen, and you can learn a lot from just watching other people play online.So spend the $20 and help those devs out - you will never be the same."
,Recommended,427520,25616114,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MiniMule,"Flame throwers were very realistic. If you need to destroy something, this is my preferred method.Also worked in my house when I forgot I was playing Factorio. Effectively erradicated bugs.Please help me, I am homeless now.On a Serious NoteIf you enjoy endless exploration, ravaging of alien worlds, and trying to control an infinite pest problem, I recommend Factorio.However if you value money, eating, breathing, or your pet, this might also be the game for you, as once you start, these things will not matter.The only downside I see is the infinite waves of aliens, and the immense feeling of claustrophobia you feel when you realize they are EVERYWHERE."
,Recommended,427520,25613012,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,luciano,get this sliver of angelic pureness right now
76561198001786827,Recommended,427520,25613188,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Todeshandler,Do not let my hours played on Steam fool you. I have played 100's of hours of this game (non Steam version). Do not let Early Access scare you. It is more polished than most fully released games. Amazing mod support as well. One of the best games ever made. Words cannot describe this game. Do yourself a favor and pick it up and get lost in the world of Factorio.
,Recommended,427520,25625469,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Vengador,Regularly updated. Solid mod support. Suitable graphics. Endless possibilities.
76561198086966641,Recommended,427520,25625786,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,RobotRunner,"Amazing game, very well polished. Developer support and community interaction is amazing. Virtually bug free with incredibly well optimized multiplayer. I would have no idea that the game is ""early access"" aside from the regular new content added to what already feels like a finished game. =)Only negative comment I can think of is that the user interface is a little bit ugly and can overall be a little confusing to new players. This is not something I'm worried about; the developers have specifically said that this will be improved, and they have certainly earned my trust."
76561198053336326,Recommended,427520,25622892,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DARYUS,best.....game....and.....developers......EVEEER!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,25620461,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Peach of Pain,A great buy.
,Recommended,427520,21548152,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kaung The Rice Farmer,"What i did in this game:-Mass produced iron,copper,and coal-Started producing gun making factories-Decimated an entire forest to make room for more factories-Commited genocide on native wild life-Polluted half my world with oil rigsGames these days dont let you do that in just one go, get the game, it's worth it."
,Recommended,427520,25640758,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Skyy,This game blows my mind. This is a game about blowing people's minds.
,Recommended,427520,25673629,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,LangDa [x PhaToo],time killer....
,Recommended,427520,25687417,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Indie Gaming Podcast,"Oh this game is easy oh I just need a conveyer belt to take copper ore from the field to a furnace...Oh wait I need coal to go to the furnace...Oh wait I need electricity now...I now need the copper plates to be converted to wire and I need to build electric circuits..but wait I also need to combine that with an inserter to build science research...That's just the beginning of it all, if your new you’ll notice the mess of conveyors you’ve created, you’ve worked hard but its all for nothing you have to start again…Factorio is not just about managing resources but also space, put things too close and it can all go♥♥♥♥♥♥up, put things too far and you’re waiting ages…Did I mention the attacking aliens? This game is great and ticks all the boxes, can’t wait for final release"
,Recommended,427520,25359080,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,【ℓ ღℓ i  in  a  Box】,"Great game, its like modded minecraft with machines, but so well optimized you can hundreds of machines going at once without lagging. Only feature it is desperately missing is global server list (when you host a room everyone can see it via a multiplayer tab)Overall 8/10"
76561198140661090,Recommended,427520,25359401,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,President_KK,Good GameHigly recomend it
76561197970668859,Recommended,427520,25370256,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hunnensturm,"Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper, challenging, rewarding, fast development, just A+ would buy again"
76561198048497289,Recommended,427520,25373967,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dacyai,Crazy fresh and ADDICTIVE.  This game creates a well-defined but huge creative space where you can exercise whatever OCD desires for optimization and efficiency you may harbor.
,Recommended,427520,25368729,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jalapeño Space Invader,"The rare exception to the ""never preorder"" mantra. This game even in its early stages is an amazing well thought out game that many members of the community call cractario for how addictive it is. If the idea of a logistics and factory management simulator sound appealing, this is your game."
,Recommended,427520,25371161,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,rokkshell,"This game is really good, even if it doesn't seem like it. But you have to think a lot before each and every move.  Plan into the future. The multiplayer wasn't really stable when I played it, but maybe that's changed. I really hope to get into this game again."
76561198031217577,Recommended,427520,25371399,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,mistajowls,"This is a great game if you don't have a job or a family or any hobbies.The mechanics are incredibly simple - mine resources, build machines to mine resources better, increase production, automate, automate, automate, repeat.  Oh no, you're out of iron, go find another mine and build a train - now you're out of copper - find another mine, build another train.  Oh - you can use robots to tear down and re-build?  I better go back and rebuild the whole factory from scratch so that it's more efficient.  What is the best solar panel to accumulator ratio - I better look it up...wait, what time is it?I still haven't managed to launch the rocket...I get too burnt out after building a factory for 20 hours, so I restart on a new world thinking I'll build the factory the right way this time.  Invariably it turns into a convoluted spaghetti mess.This game tickles the part of your brain that makes you feel productive without actually producing anything.  You might need adderral to play it properly."
76561198009314234,Recommended,427520,22243043,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,rogueangler87,"One word sums up this game.Obsession.Designing and redesigning factories to make them more effcient to clean up the maze that conveyor routes can quickly turn in to. It will suck up your life and you will begin to dream of miners, furnaces, assemblers, inserters and a host of other things.And I wouldn't have it any other way.10/10 would be brain washed again."
76561198162597409,Recommended,427520,22243130,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,eth.bluberry,this game is really fun an I love it!!! I would recomond this game to people who love building and making contraptions.
76561198249324946,Recommended,427520,22254412,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hapstean,"this game is brilliant, many games like this you feel like you have to grind resources for HOURS to get anything done, I have only been playing this gmae for 6 hours and I have a lovely base that can function by itself, I dont think ill get tired of it for a long time.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22049028,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Elektr1kz,"Highly addictive and fun, alone or with a friend. It's one of those games that time seems to slip away while playing."
,Recommended,427520,22049365,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,solafide,"It'll ruin everything about you.Your productivity, your relationships, your hygiene. Ruined.10/10 would ruin again."
,Recommended,427520,22049369,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[BLN] Seag,Worth it
,Recommended,427520,22065464,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Wulfic,"My first 20 hours of gameplay has been phenominal! The first 5 hours of gameplay I learned the basic stratagies! Ended up restarting my level due to the need of building a wall to keep the infestation out. Those damned bugs! xDBut the gameplay mechanics are amazing! I find myself spending hours tweaking my machines for optimization, and more times defending my base! I've never been so excited to get out of work to play a game as much as this one has done!10/10 Would buy again"
76561197998085491,Recommended,427520,21513218,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kulantan,I thought about writing a review but decided it would be better to build a production line for machines that write reviews.
76561198060297607,Recommended,427520,21988127,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,King Of Hell,10/10
76561198203442600,Recommended,427520,21951847,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jebediah Longshanks,"Great game, my problem was just too daunting/confusing for me and gave up."
,Recommended,427520,21997733,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,cold pressed covfefe,do you want to die?do you want to never have sex?are you upset by the logistical problems created by using trucking lines instead of mass train networks?gun play kinda sucks but everything else is p good here
76561197967138500,Recommended,427520,22100348,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,log_2,This game is addictive.
,Recommended,427520,22100775,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,||-Nihi-||,Good.
76561198026615036,Recommended,427520,22121329,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ole_marthin,"i would love a way of marking or branding sections of my factory, like a street sign or any sort of sign"
,Recommended,427520,22119222,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Walton,yes
,Recommended,427520,22103927,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Hoofer the HORSE,Wow. This was a game done right! Great for playing with friends!
76561198016031544,Recommended,427520,22104124,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,karsun,"The game can immerse you giving you the exact same feel Transport Tycoon did. I spent almost all my playtime on one map with my brother in multiplayer. The game forces you to optimize all the time, while making sure that your more and more efficient processing lines are fed a steadily increasing load of resources. It makes you keep tabs of everything your production line is creating and processing, or everything falls into chaos.I haven't played an optimization game this impressive in years. I can't wait what will the full scale of the game look like when it's out of Early Access, but I think the developers are on a path to making this thing a huge success. I hope their path won't end there and we'll see more creations from their studio."
,Recommended,427520,22104147,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jai,One of the best games I've played for a while!Should be on your shopping list!
76561198005229981,Recommended,427520,22107951,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Fatboy,"Top game in its class. 10/10Dreaming of conveyer belts......Can't believe such a complex game runs on my system but so many other, far simpler ones, whine about needing 64 bit.That said the combat needs an overhaul and the game desperatly needs a comprehensive set of tool tips/ instructions.I have played for 80+ hours and still havent figured out how all the robots work.No crashes at all....and its still early access......amazing."
,Recommended,427520,22103100,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Pawa,"Incredibly fun! Where did my time go? When I start playing, I just can't stop."
76561198065110184,Recommended,427520,22103439,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Aztec26413,I was buildingI was building some moreI was attacked by Zerglings
,Recommended,427520,22107527,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,N0_Dor,10/10
76561198020801799,Recommended,427520,22114431,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zentu,Join the 99% !!!
,Recommended,427520,22114486,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,misesfan,"Fantastic game, even in early access.  Challenging and engrossing, the game prompts me to pause, kick back on my chair, and really think on what to do next.  Graphics may be a little under-whelming - dont let that be a deal-breaker because the game is seriously addictive."
76561197994318160,Recommended,427520,22110529,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,john_theArtist,"This game reminds me a lot of programming and the pragmatic approach to general programming. You got loops, arrays, if/then, etc. I haven't been playing very many games lately so I can get work done, but this game just ruined all of that... now I can't wait for the next chance to play it.Incredibly simple concept, which is why this game is so great. Well done."
76561198079409868,Recommended,427520,21483175,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nocobo27,GG
76561198184165625,Recommended,427520,22113121,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jacobweatherill,"THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYEDi have played about 12 houres straight, still not build a rocket yet"
,Recommended,427520,22044640,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Literally Hitler™,"I really can't reccomend this game enough. It's simply an awesome game; it feels almost complete, even though it's in early access. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22044696,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Rabmuk,Lots of fun
,Recommended,427520,22040275,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,BeachGaara,Probably the most stressfull game I've played in some time. It's a constant thought exercise in planning; What's this making? Why is it making it? How do I get it over to the other assembly factory to make something else then where is that going? etc etc... It's fun but it's not chill. You can leave it running griding research but whenever you're actually doing it is... effort. It's not a podcast game.
,Recommended,427520,22045899,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,♋๖ۣۜButterSlabsۣۜ๖♋,"I thought this was gonna be some regular boring game like everyone else, so I bought it because why not. I played for a bit and grasped the concept. Now I'm addicted to it and I can't stop. I yet to figure out how to build a super organized, gigantic factory. Or find good ore groupings. Other than that this game really puts my brain to work with figuring out logistics management and automated systems. I'm learning a bit more on my own every day and I tend to stay away from tutorials because i find it more fun to figures these out on my own. Like what you're character would do if it was a real-like situation. I can't find any other word to describe it though... On the other hand i can play this thing on like any computer or laptop and it would run really good. I feel like i can whip out an old Dell Optiplex and I would have nooo problem (I hadn't yet lag or anything on any computer this game had run on). I'm not much a a critic but here are some pros/cons/suggestions I can come up with-Pros--Great game, puts your mind to work and leaves you hooked for hours-simple graphics but they look nice on their own appeal-very functionable and flexible when it comes to systems-so many different ways you can create your layout for factoriesmaybe a base or defence systems-railroads/railroad stations are really useful-blueprints and deconstruction blueprints are a really niceaddition-construction robots are awesome-defence bots are amazing-Early access but no bugs (yet to find)-JUST FREAKING COOL-Cons--Cars are a little wack, either that or i just don't like them-trains are scary and run me over, wish you can adjust the speedwhen they automaticaly run between stations-having a little trouble with the custom generation settingsdoing what i set it to do.again, I'm not much of a critic and as time goes on I'm sure I will find more pros and cons. Also bugs and all the jazz. But over, this is just a good game in my opinion9/10 would recommend this game to a friend. :D"
76561198042556895,Recommended,427520,22046285,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,QuietTornado,took all my free time for a week... incredibly well done
76561198165840038,Recommended,427520,22043291,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,pbrianmccain,"10 hours into my second restart and the depth of this game is just astounding.  It starts easy with just making iron plates and copper plates and turning them into iron gears so you can get red bottles (science).  <<Hey, I got an assembly factory, this isn't too hard.>>  Green bottles, okay so now belts and inserters, no problem, just got to start making green circuit boards.  So how do I get my copper cables?  Hey, underground belts solve everything!!!  I need what to build blue bottles!?!  How in the heck do I mass produce smart inserters?  Where in the hell do I get plastic?  Why are my factories not making red boards?  Of course because there aren't any green boards.  Why is that stupid factory stealing all the green boards to make inserters that I don't need???  Blue circuit boards?!? You got to be kidding me.So yes, it is an incredibly in depth strategy game you have to think how you are going to route parts to the right parts in the right quantities and not over-produce what you don't need at the time.  I have just started using smart inserters to split conveyors and fill chests.  Trains seem incredibly useful to move lots of stuff as you expand outwards to grab distant resources (so yeah, there is a train simulator built into the game also).  I haven't even touched logical circuits and just starting to get robots researched (construction, logistic and combat).  And then there are cars and tanks to play with plus rocket launchers!One thing I especially like is that your factory is meant to be torn down multiple times and rebuilt.  You don't lose any resources and you can carry so much stuff.  So in other games when I would get into a tough spot because of the learning curve, just restart and apply what you learned.  In this one, I'm taking time to see how to reroute things and make things more efficient.  This also especially helps when you realize that you've trapped yourself in your pipe maze trying to route your fluids from your refinery to your first chemical plant that supplies the second plant.And the developers are very active at this point even though this game runs very smooth and is really polished at this point.  Just purchased the game early this week and it updated immediately followed by another update 2 days later then a flash bug fix (internet was out that night so wouldn't launch without the update :-(.  ) So it looks like the sky is the limit for the game at this point (as if building a rocket and satellite doesn't take enough resources sounds like the next end game update is a space platform {maybe with a death laser to kill all the spitter nests ;-)  })Only drawback of the game so far is that no help and in game documentation is sparse.  I was wondering what I needed to research to build blue bottles and searched through the tech tree to find the needed tech.  After 10 minutes of searching realized had unlocked the tech an hour before but still couldn't remember what it took to build them (because you have to build fast inserters then smart inserters).  Then it took forever to figure out how to build engines because you don't have the option to hand build them so you have to put down a factory to see the recipe.  I am sure a help guide will be implemented soon otherwise the wiki and the forums are invaluable.10/10 would buy again"
76561198055848380,Recommended,427520,22043451,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Darksword,"When I first found out about this game I wasn't too sure about buying it mostly because of the graphics and how the game looked. But since I always loved sandbox games and the reviews were overwhelmingly positive I decided to buy it.Before I knew it I was alreday addicted. DO NOT judge this game by it's graphics. Factorio is an amazing game and personally I fell in love within ten minutes of playing it. I know I don't have many hrs yet but I will get much more.In conclusion, Factorio= 10/10 : )"
,Recommended,427520,22067261,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gab,Awesome game! Recommended!
,Recommended,427520,22090241,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,☠ ILLuSioN ☠,10/10 dev team please allow modes and add tanks yaaa tanks  APS armors then tanks and artillery
,Recommended,427520,22090604,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,C0LoS,"Addicting... plain and simpleP.S. play the tutorial missions in campaign first, it helps tons"
,Recommended,427520,22075615,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CrapShit<3,Marvellous
,Recommended,427520,22088927,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,kmfnj,"Absolutely fantastic game. Combines elements from several different games (Minecraft, Terraria, etc) to make something new, fun and unique."
76561198267262152,Recommended,427520,22089407,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lil TraintraX,It's just amazing
,Recommended,427520,22089432,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,"401k, PhD.",no regrets
,Recommended,427520,22090102,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Blindstone,"Started mining a iron mine! I got people for that!Started Making Red Science Materials, Nope Now I have people for that!I need oil! *Looks at map, seeings massive amount of oil surrounded by enemy""Time to spread some freedom!10 / 10 Would spread freedom again!"
,Recommended,427520,22017324,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Marty20k,"My inability to make everything 100% efficient makes me furious. I will one day learn, this game will be the end of me, and it's good"
,Recommended,427520,30739469,Posted: 25 March,all,[doot]Niko[/doot],So i played this game for like 10 hours straight when i bought it :D I kinda like it.
76561198047407435,Recommended,427520,22000661,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Rabbitsocks,"awesome, anyone with OCD will love this game."
,Recommended,427520,22037621,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ragnadox,"You start off figuring out how to build a few things.Then you find better and more efficient layouts.Then you research stuff that allows you to build new things.Those new things take either a new resource, or a lot more of the resources you have.So you figure out even more efficient designs to try.Then you find a bottleneck in your production.So you figure out an even more efficient design.Then aliens attack (unless you turn on peaceful mode).So you you have to beef up your defenses.Then you need a resource that's far away.Do you build a train system? Do you use robots? Do you start a new base?This game is all about finding the most efficient way to adapt to your ever changing needs.The more you play, the more you learn, and the better your designs become.And it's so fun!!"
,Recommended,427520,22076503,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Communist Skeleton,"This game is great, but it could use more content..."
76561198095588317,Recommended,427520,22081443,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,California Man,I'd say 11/10 for buildbuildproduceproducekilloilsteampower gameplay :)
76561198006518853,Recommended,427520,22077425,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,martothir,"Do you like survival games? Killing aliens by the thousands? Playing with trains and rockets in the same game? Do you take sadistic pleasure in tweaking logistic systems? Or perhaps destroying nature on strange new worlds and replacing it with concrete, mining, and raw industrialization is your jam? If so, this might be the game for you.Pros:-If you like economic simulators, it's stupid fun. Not really a traditional economy... more production inputs and outputs, but the systems play similarly.-Remarkably well balanced. It captures the 'one more turn' feel of civilization games, yet in a real time industrial machine. Every time you fix one problem, there's always something that needs addressing, a new problem to be solved, yet it never feels tedious.-Good performance. You can have a surprisingly large factory with little to no slow down in frame rate or performance.-Very stable. Played close to 80 hours, not one crash or bug encountered.-Learning curve is very natural and flows with the technology progression. Not nearly as daunting as you might think.Iffy:-Some people might be turned off by the 2D graphics. I initially was, though once I got over the graphics the gameplay is fantastic.-Combat is present, but not exactly the most in depth combat system in existence.Cons:-Unless you're very self driven, it can have limited replayability. Once you've launched the rocket and 'finished' the game, the initial drive to play and tweak can taper.-The game seriously needs more detailed tooltips. A lot of my knowledge of the game came from youtubers and the wiki, things that just aren't documented in game anywhere.-It sucked days from my life that I never get back?Overall, 9/10. Loved it, though the lack of replayability may mean I rarely pick it up in the future, barring possible content updates. Definitely got my moneys worth and I would recommend the game to anyone who loves city building, logistics management, micromanaging an economy, etc."
76561198048270623,Recommended,427520,22079584,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,snap_man218,Amazing! !!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,22077182,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bombardo,Pros:More addicting than crackCons:More addicting than crack
76561198006890740,Recommended,427520,22077912,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,theyind,"THIS GAME WILL TAKE OVER YOUR LIFE. then one day you will stop playing it. And on some special day you will fall victim once again. it will demand that ""just one more"" mentality. I think i restarted my game 20-30 times when i found a better way to do something. It is superlative."
76561198013993345,Recommended,427520,22078708,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MarbleToad,This game is exactly what I was looking for.
76561197997284934,Recommended,427520,22010948,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Topojino,Adeptus mechanicus fabricator simulator.
,Recommended,427520,22010386,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Crystal Valkyrie,"This game...I can't stop playing.  Every day I restart, the games vary by 4-10 hours a game...  This game is definitly going to ruin my social life...  If i had one.11/10"
,Recommended,427520,22010603,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jar Jar Binks,Addicting.
,Recommended,427520,22015332,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Grumpy,"First of all, let me tell you that you should buy this game!Then I will warn you a bit. If you decide to follow my advise your life will be lost, all your free time will end up in this game. Family nor friends will still exist ;) It will destroy your social life. Besides work and sleep there's just this game. This is real. Don't believe me? Give it a try.The graphics are not what you'd expect these days... But the gameplay is so ♥♥♥♥in' cool that you don't even realise that the gfx suck. That's what's gaming is about! Gameplay is all!I hope you enjoy the game and don't end up in a divorce ;)"
,Recommended,427520,22015333,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,JorDayum,"amazing game, very intriguing with lots of replay value"
,Recommended,427520,22015369,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ariel_Rin,"I sat down with a pastie and a beer at 4pm, at 6am this morning I paused factorio and came to work10/10 would be sleep deprived again"
,Recommended,427520,22015613,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Arcane Valiance,"This game continues to entertain me, even after nearly completing the game.  To keep this short and simple:  if you love making things, and making things that make things for you, then Factorio is the perfect match for you.Also if you're at least half-American (there's a political joke in there somewhere), this game fits into our culture."
76561198045235988,Recommended,427520,22015680,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,stokad,"Few games make an impression on me. Last one was i think skyrim. I found it enjoyable, although i didn't play much.This Factorio game on the other hand, is one of the best i played in a long while. This a gestion game."
,Recommended,427520,22007480,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Gentleman Mouse artist,"While I like this game greately and recamend it.  I speak as someone who loves these macro managment games.This game is made for a VERRRRRRRY SPECIFIC group of gamers.  If you like doing a casual grindy mindcrafty style of gameplay, this might not be your thing.However, if you were the kind of person who installed industrial craft, and spent HOURS just setting up automatic iron smelting, this game might interest you.Just go into the game with long term planning in mind... TRUST ME, nothing is worse then realising you have no space to expand iron plate production..."
,Recommended,427520,22086147,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,El Slotherino,good stuff
76561198094095451,Recommended,427520,22086186,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,dph86,Will consume your life
76561198007560625,Recommended,427520,22082323,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,5tormi,"I absolutely love this game, too bad the campaign is done so fast..The Engine is great, the Graphics are wonderful..So. What can I say?Hope the Devs keep up the good work.I lately played Fallout 4 and The Division - but this game left them standing in the rain.Wasn't so excited about a game in a looong time.Keep up your good work!"
76561197966754610,Recommended,427520,21633244,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,darK ✪,AMAZING!I put 40 hrs in little less than 4 days...
,Recommended,427520,21633270,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,nicmower,"Really cool game - lots to do, not to mention nostalgic graphics reminiscent of older games like Zoo and Rollercoaster Tycoon. Basically a perfect isolate of all the best elements of a modded Minecraft."
76561198031486819,Recommended,427520,21569711,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Explorer,"I had to search through community guidelines and youtube tutorials...only to find out later that the first campaign -IS- the tutorial I was looking for......well, that aside, the game is GREAT!BUY IT!, and begin with ""Start Campaign"", not: ""New Game""You're welcome :)"
76561198000022908,Recommended,427520,21653283,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Necroledo,"It's still in Early Access, yet it's already so well done. If you ever wanted to build automated factories with attention to the smallest detail, buy this game. Seriously: it's great."
,Recommended,427520,21650266,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Phog,Awesome.
76561198107171381,Recommended,427520,21650943,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ＰＥＲＭＡＮＥＮＴ ＲＥＶＯＬＵＴＩＯＮ,i sat down to play it for five minutes and four hours later i stood up10/10
76561198009219440,Recommended,427520,21652721,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Le pierre-yves,"Start playing at midnight, blink, and it's 3am. Addictive!"
76561198041077839,Recommended,427520,21652967,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ultimagara,"So.I got this game as a time waster before the release of the Division.Now I regret it.Because I might want to play this a tad more.I'm not going to supply a super in depth review on this game.The point is that it's good.It's got that appeal where doing simple things gives you a good feeling, kind of as Minecraft does.Definitely worth the 20 bucks. For sure.10/10 Would forget to turn on autosave again."
,Recommended,427520,21651991,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Vrizuh,"I keep getting lost in this game. There are so many ways to achieve your outcomes, and experimenting with them is really engaging."
,Recommended,427520,22046340,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sasskwatch,"This game is what i've been looking for!! I've spent hours playing since i bought it a couple weeks ago and I still have only scratched the surface.  If you love city builders, or caesar, or any tycoons, this scratches that itch. It's not super easy so it has a fun challange factor.  This will be a game I will come back to many many many times!!!  Looking forward to seeing the game expand. Worth every penny!!!"
76561198062385256,Recommended,427520,22046682,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,The flying dent,this is quite posibly the best game in existence
,Recommended,427520,22046838,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mechman,"15 mins in and I already see the genius in the crafting, UI, game play and 2D isometric art. I played Minecraft when it was alpha (just went they introduced mincarts). But this on a whole another level. This takes all the modding that was used as life support to keep minecraft interesting and starts with it. I am beyond excited to see where modding will take this game."
76561197985181806,Recommended,427520,22046892,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[TFB] Mack221,Good game but the multiplayer need to be better. Can see this game going far
,Recommended,427520,22039464,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bruh,awesome
76561198013596716,Recommended,427520,22057824,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,pkisis,Fantastic game. Really well done. Learning curve a bit steep. A gem for the intelligent gamer.
76561198217939924,Recommended,427520,22059322,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,JNX,"contamination, pollution, industries... buy it"
,Recommended,427520,22056935,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,RDJ,"One hour in: This seems pretty neat.  I'll just mine some ore and see what I can do with it.Ten hours in:  I have no idea how all of this is working, but I have a lot of red and green things.Fifteen hours in: Oil?  How does this work?  What I have got myself into.  There's so much more to do.  Plastic.  I need sleep."
,Recommended,427520,22060031,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,IronSausage,This game is good and it's something I can see myself playing a lot
,Recommended,427520,22042370,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Signals,"Over the years I've gotten more and more sceptical of early access, but I was looking for a game to play with one of my friends, and we eventually settled on Factorio. It looked really complex and hard to learn, but due to the reviews we just went for it.We didn't stop playing it...  Yes, the game is complex, a bit hard to learn, but doing so is SO much fun! Seeing that my army of flying logistics robots are actually doing their job is a moment in gaming I'm unlikely to ever forget. Setting up my first train transport to one of our outer mining bases - priceless!Not to mention when I built the UPS for our laser turret defense. No more power outages because of biter attacks.The game is VAST, advanced and has some highly sophisticated systems behind it, but even if you just want to mine a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's still a great deal of fun.If you're on the fence; GET. THIS. GAME."
,Recommended,427520,22044313,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,yrk_games,Great game. I thought eh okay for an hour refund nope must play more
,Recommended,427520,22038297,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,phoenixevolution,At first this game seems slow. The more you play the more you understand and the more you get drawn in. It is an entertaining and complex base building and factory game. Oh with some alien defending mizxed in. I love it!
,Recommended,427520,22050220,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nachtfalter,1. Buy Factorio!2. Just one more thing to do!3. Lose your family.4. ???5. Profit?
,Recommended,427520,22048589,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Messia,wow
,Recommended,427520,22048718,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dknighter,I haven't been playing this game very long but I'm already addicted!
,Recommended,427520,22048729,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Fyrros,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,427520,22051175,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[TPG] Cerbiac,"This game is like doing work, but it's fun.It's not for everyone because of this,but it's great to see all your work paying off as you gaze upon a complex of machines powering through to your end goal,to protect allies from aliens."
,Recommended,427520,22074919,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,BestBaconAround,Such a good game.
76561198154528752,Recommended,427520,22075403,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Zepplin4ce,read a lot of good thing's about this Game so i had to see for myself..best game i have bought on steam 10/10 ....
76561198040996114,Recommended,427520,22075448,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,scrawford65,"Please refer to the other 5,000+ reviews all telling you to get this game."
76561198111054759,Recommended,427520,21658092,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jiffypop,"As long as you dont have anything important to do, like having to sleep, eat, or drink, THIS GAME IS AWESOME FOR YOU!!!"
,Recommended,427520,22076113,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ader Titsoff,best game in my library  10/10 this game needs no longer in early access it does have a few minor gameplay adjustments but  its nothing mods cant fix
,Recommended,427520,22073125,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Protonz,"A friend pressured me into buying Factorio. He had to pressure me because, i admit, i hate top down RTS games, with a passion. But i was bored, so why the hell not. 24 straight hours later, i can bareley open my eyes to type this. Holy hell this game is amazing! Seriously, it is a brilliant work of art.Im not familiar with the dev team, but from here on out they have my full support on any future product. In fact i am in the process of buying a gift copy. I dont know anyone who wants it or anything, but i feel like I owe them more than just $20. That is how good this game is.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21963243,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,sALADĪN,Unbelievably good.
76561198049372931,Recommended,427520,21963294,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,royalkök,"setup blue science,neat. maybe i can do better (starts new game)"
76561198061597269,Recommended,427520,21963421,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Scaronus,Great game. Worth the money. Dont hesitate. The first game I would say is worth twice that much. Automation for the win!
,Recommended,427520,21961060,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jawajoey,Good way to obliterate a weekend.
76561197973966297,Recommended,427520,21965536,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jah00R,"Deffinately my kind of game. Logistics, building, crafting, and a bit of fighting (tower defence) too.Very well exeuted and super adictive. Can't recomend it enough."
76561198061631602,Recommended,427520,21918795,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Arcade__,"My god this game sucks you in. I haven't run into any bugs, despite it still being in alpha. On that same note it's amazing how well this game runs. I haven't had any issues, aside from one time which I couldn't figure out. There is still a lot being done to the game. There's still things to be desired of course but there are a lot of mods and the devs seem to be very active in the community and take feedback. An example of this is something they have planned for the next update 0.13 which in a dev blog they said that they were going to be mesing around with how resources spawn to something very similar to a mod called RSO, resource spawner overhaul. Which makes ores more rich the further you are from your spawn. I'm hooked on this game and I know that I am playing it like a total imbicile but I'm having a lot of fun trying to figure out how to play most optimally and effieciently, which is what the game is all about."
76561198068723028,Recommended,427520,21916781,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sea Weasel,"9/10Would be 10/10 if the game did not contain the Lumberjack Simulator. I swear, I spend a ton of time chopping down trees in the early game than doing anything else. A vanilla feature allowing automation of tree cutting would be fantastic!"
76561198103235763,Recommended,427520,21916904,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Wilson,At the time of writing this review I have easily put in over 100 hours and I'm still hooked. There is so much to do at this point and the devolopers still have many features they would like to add.  Is as OCD inducing as minecraft if not more. This is the kind of game that you can play for 10 hours strait and still be begging for more.11/10
76561197965808432,Recommended,427520,21916955,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Shrewnose,i love this game 8 hours went by like nothing!  i ran into a few bugs here and there but it is still early access so who cares!
,Recommended,427520,21914187,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Aussimodius,"For an early access i find this game is in great condition to the point where it almost feels like a complete game, but be warned time will fly by when your playing this as you become so absorbed into the game you forget whats going on around you.Their is no limit to the amount of factories you are building so you can end up with huge bases and build more and more if you want.The campaign is excellent as its your tutorial  into the game which teaches you about the basics of the game whilst also following a bit of a story and they have a few little side games too, there is also alot more to learn while playing the free play mode which also has an end objective but you can take as much time as you want to get there.My only downside to this game atm is the enemies, at first if you don't set up properly then they cant be a bit of a nightmare but once you have your defenses setup they're pretty much just mindless enemies running at your walls on a suicide mission, so hopefully we can see if they do anything later on to make them more tactical when attacking you,but when attacking them you have to be quite tactical as the bigger bases you cant just run at as you will die very quickly but thats why tanks are awesome!!!!"
76561198207327801,Recommended,427520,21910696,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,8_Bit_Kid,The complex is hard and semi-boring at first but it gets more funner as you go on
,Recommended,427520,21917576,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,The Moist,This game is loads of fun for those who like to build and design things your own way. Id highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed minecraft. Almost like a top down version of it. 5/7
,Recommended,427520,21917603,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,stooper78,"I can't believe Factorio is still in EA, yet better then 95% of all games out there!"
,Recommended,427520,21917751,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Avechat,"One of the best games I've ever played. For me, it's like the game I was waiting for for really long time :) Try it!"
,Recommended,427520,21918113,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kaarele,I have loved every minute so far spent on the game.
,Recommended,427520,21916039,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,[CSGC] Turok,Don't buy if you want a life
,Recommended,427520,21910772,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GINGANINJA323,Don't buy this game if you intend not to go to rehab.
76561198072182935,Recommended,427520,21911119,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,gsobel,"Amazing. Just...amazing. If you are to buy just one game, this is the one."
,Recommended,427520,21911255,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Stephen Lynx,Heroin for programmers.
,Recommended,427520,27348514,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TimH1,One of the best games i have EVER played. Period.
76561198043391451,Recommended,427520,27353646,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deadlock,Just 5 more minutes...
,Recommended,427520,27356105,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,graf,"A content-rich, well optimised game about designing automated factories."
,Recommended,427520,27356272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,J.__,This game is awesome times fly when i play it
,Recommended,427520,27346205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Connor,"An amazing game, a lot of fun to play with friends. Time runs away from you though!"
76561198047926593,Recommended,427520,27351582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wellybob,So much Fun and possibilitys :))
76561197971815531,Recommended,427520,27348124,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bul-Kathos,"Great game! gather resources, build stuff, organize, automate: Let the machines build it for you. Exterminate the nasty bugs running around. If you like to think about logistics and automation, then this is for you! You can literally waste weeks with this game. And it is still getting updated with new content!"
76561198017040281,Recommended,427520,27098558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xelm,Amazing Sim game..
,Recommended,427520,27101921,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WillR27,Gud.
,Recommended,427520,27102642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Anonymous,"I bought this game as soon as it showed up in Early Access.I would never regret buying it, even though the Graphics (which I am usually obsessed wit) is shity the game is highly addicting. I used to play it ages ago and now just started again to play with friends in Coop.I still enjoy it, it feels similar to minecraft, because there is always more to do."
,Recommended,427520,27098917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Graycor Satoru,One of the best sandbox/construction games of all time. If not the best. This game just scratches the itch. Nothing more needs to be said.10/10
,Recommended,427520,27099489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MP_Xenon,"Possibly the most complete feeling game ever to appear on Early Access - and it's still being updated reguarly with new content, graphics and systems.Simple to pick up and mind blowingly complex in possibility, with incredible design in its progression and systems.If you like automation and building complex machines, optimisation problems and cludging together multiple interlocking systems this is for you. Literally hours will dissapear and you'll still go away thinking about how to improve your factory."
,Recommended,427520,27077126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AJ,A truly fantastic and addivtive game.
,Recommended,427520,27080338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Newman-ua,Neverending fun!
76561197971629059,Recommended,427520,27080344,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moelag,what a fantastic game
,Recommended,427520,27080500,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,djd3ath,"I guess i haven't reviewed this yet, and rewards are hinting i should. This game is the best resource management game ever made. If you loved the RTS ANNO series when you had to like make all the island produce certain amount of things to keep everything running well, you will love this game just the same if not much more like me. Make the right amount of production, makeing sure you production as resources and making sure the monsters die a firey death. 10/10 if you like resource management."
,Recommended,427520,27045148,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SoundSix,"This is one of those games that will consume any free time you have. When you look back at all your progress (and all the spaghetti designs) its a very satisfying feeling becauseyoubuilt it. It's a creation all your own. This game keeps getting better as the devs keep adding more content. Also, don't let the ""early access"" fool you. This game could be full released tomorrow and would be stable and have plenty of content. Oh, not to mention... you can run it. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,427520,27050063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sexual Harrassment Pandabat,"Do you like supply chain management? Do you like optimizing factory production? Do you like killing bug aliens in comical and novel fashion with turrets and conveyor belts? If so, this game is for you. Surprisingly good game despite the sprite graphics. Be warned - hours feel like minutes in this game, before you know it you've spent hours in game and wonder where the time went."
,Recommended,427520,30927072,Posted: 3 April,all,GGG KILLER,"Playing this game at the start proved to be very challenging, however not so hard as to make one give up (in my opinion at least).After getting the hang out of many parts of manufacturing the game gets easy as you learn to manage the throughput of production and consumption.If you get tired after playing in vanilla, there are also many mods that you can download and that add to the gameplay if the game got too hard for you or add more challenges if the game got easy for you.10/10 would recommend.I have a 52 hour save that I don't plan on stopping so soon."
76561198140871496,Recommended,427520,27049328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hugo20038,Most addictive game ever. Definitely worth the price.
,Recommended,427520,22016984,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sskai Knight,massive replay value.  Hours and hours and hours will be spent on this sandbox gem.  5/5.  Deserves an award.
76561198262012383,Recommended,427520,22017182,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Watch Hentai for the Plot,"Once you start playing, you will forget what life is.10/10 would play this game"
76561198053929753,Recommended,427520,22016068,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Moth Man!,"Verry fun game. The state it is in at the time of this review is early access however even if all work on this game were to stop right now and it were pushed out the door as a full release I whole heartedly think it is worth well beyond the price tag of 20$. as of right now i have 19 hours of game play and am still hooked wanting more. Every moment void of things to do thoughts of how i can increase my production are always cropping up in my head.This game is easily described as logistics simulator and i love it. it scratches the ocd itches in all the right places and leaves me wanting more.The only thing that can be said is that in multiplayer shooting your guns causes a bit of movement lag however it is hardly game breaking.... tho infuriating at times. i find few situations however where standing still and shooting is better than moving and shooting. the aliens are faster than you and your either close enough to base your guns will save your♥♥♥♥♥by running directly to them, or your going to gun them all down.... or you know become alien food.the game also lacks some direction however that is expected from a sandbox game. from what i understand there is sort of an end or something, however i never feel pressed to reach it and even if there is an end i dont think i could bring myself to do it. once you reach the top there is so much to play with in terms of logistic set ups that the sky is the limit.many hours of fun are to be had here and its always fun to launch a new map and try to set up a bit differently and adjust your play style to the new random map generation and all its logistic problems that it brings to the table.10/10 would blight the planet with my machines over and over again."
,Recommended,427520,21971207,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Armorbullet,bought it yesterday 18 hrs played. This is one of the first games in a long time that after you beat the game you still want to play and do your own thing.
76561198041860241,Recommended,427520,22228415,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Rapt0r87,"5/5 Would Recommend.After reading other reviews about this game, it sounded exactly like my cup of tea and now with about 30 hours of gameplay I feel compelled to write my first ever review - that's how much I enjoyed it.Essentially an almost RTS version of Minecraft except the aim is to craft so that you don't have to do any of the labour intensive stuff. Each level of the campaign is in its own little world and you can get lost in them for hours - I literally did, and it was so much fun.Occassionally you find yourself with the need to redesign your entire production system, but it isn't tedious - it's fun working new ways out to get the correct resources to where it is needed.The alien life, add that nice little bit of competitiveness to prevent things from getting stale.If you haven't already tried this game - grab the demo and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,427520,22228562,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Big Slim,"I say ""Don't buy this game"" in the same way I say ""don't start doing heroin""...There's more to life... you'll just forget what it is."
,Recommended,427520,22228865,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ebarn1905,"Amazing game, if you like mechanics and love kicking♥♥♥♥♥♥then this game is for you."
,Recommended,427520,22219768,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zeek21,"This game is something else. If you love strategy games, base building games, and overcoming ways to make efficient factories then this game is for you.Ive been a fan of strategy games for a long time, and same with base building ones as well. As an early access game it’s definitely worth the $20 price tag. In terms of content there is quite a lot. Always something to do. Expanding, optimizing, organizing, and all sorts of fun stuff.The creatures in this game called “Biters” are what turn this game into a defense strategy kind of game. As the more pollution you make, the angrier and bigger they get, the more they attack you. So its best to start up early defense orotherwise you are losing parts of your factory or dying.I have yet to test out multiplayer but seen that they went with a peer to peer. I’m a bit indifferent on it, but feel like it was a good idea overall. The reason im for the peer to peer multiplayer is that, a dedicated server in which people would join and decide to grief. Wither it being stealing resources, or components from factories. So a peer to peer is justifiable. But as of the recent update it is possible to host a dedicated server via the client, and they have a step by step process on how to set it up.Only issue I have with the game is I feel the campaign/tutorial feels lacking, Not sure why but I found it easier to watch youtube videos and learn on certain things. Probably because I’m the impatient type and wanted to jump in and build. So watching videos and learning from them seem to be easier imo.Overall I recommend this game to anyone who wants to lose track of time. Love strategy and base building game. And for anyone who wants to lose weight as you will forget about eating because your too busy with your factory.10/10"
76561198057410654,Recommended,427520,22220132,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Life.exe,Extremely addictive
,Recommended,427520,22220926,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,kolkurtz,"This is one of the best game I have played in recent memory. Might be too early for such hyperbole but I have put in 20 hours in two days! It is like the original GTA, Terraria and Transport Tycoon had a lovechild. Very interesting tech and base  (factory) development. Cool enemies that you may or may not wish to mess with. Stunning music, sometimes sounds mass effect, sometimes Imperium Galactica."
76561198180920545,Recommended,427520,22221240,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Jaberwock,"Holy cow so looking at this game I was unimpressed at first by the starcraft/tiberius era graphics but upon reading some of the reviews I figured I'd give it a shot I thought it'd be one of those games that was borderline impossibly complicated and immensely grindy. I was pleasently suprised, everything is very natural and easy to understand the game offers a lot its almost a complete game in the state its currently at... and its not even up to version 1.0 and the developers seem to be paying close attention to it. Its incredibly stable. id even go so far to say its more stable than black ops 3 fallout 4 or ark. then the way you learn to play the game is a much welcomed relief to the way some newer games are I didnt have to look up hardly anything the only thing thats kinda got me stumped are these ""combinators"" but I havent played much with them. if you go through the whole campain you come out a master. the only downside to this game is i wish there was more content and maybe better graphics or even a first person view offered to enhance the experience.This game is definitely for people who enjoy base management though.Now for a summary of my first moments playing the gameI pop in with a little voice telling me what to do to get startedI make my first drill, get so excited when the little coal comes out I about poop my britchesthen i get told theres a robot armmake onewatch it do its thingCrap my pantsExpand my operation and make a army of robot armsa dog runs upI watch itDog takes out my entire robot arm armyI put the dog down50 of his friends comei shoot them all and throw up turrents and a new robot arm armydogs cant touch emlook up and realise its the same time I started playing.... only I started yesterday11/10 I would conquer a world with a robot arm army again... and get a new pair of pants"
76561198010630857,Recommended,427520,22222730,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Reticent Smolder,"I cannot recommend this game higher enough. Factorio is a great 2D-isometric sandbox game devoted toward indulging my wildest management fantasies. Now wait, I know I've lost a lot of you right there. Bear with me:Have you ever straightened a pencil on your desk? Have you ever just been bugged by a crooked picture frame? Have you caught yourself binge watching How It's Made? Factorio is watching a product come to life in front of you. Your interaction with the environment, your equipment, and figuring out how to mesh everything together seamlessly makes it oh so rewarding when the final product rolls off the assembly line.Do you like survival games with hordes of enemies? Somehow, Factorio manages to wrap two completely different styles of game into one. While you're laying down new belts, you may get attacked by hostile natives bent on destroying your precious creations (and to a greater or lesser extent, yourself). Hole up and hunker down as enemies become increasingly more aggressive. Research brings new opportunities and new weapons, and the feeling of being scared to leave your base only to emerge later armed to the teeth and getting some well-deserved pay back is sublime. Overall, I loved this game. Yeah, occasionally it gets a bit slow as you try and up your production, and while having a simplified tech tree from only 3 real resources, copper, iron, and oil, may seem cool at first, there are some pretty extreme production bottle necks due to the over-reliance on iron ore for most of your items, but that's about my only real criticism.Pros:Runs on a potatoEasy to pick up, rewarding to masterThat feeling when everything fits together just rightCons:Staring at progress barsGetting overwhelmedMid-game learning curve"
76561198118213531,Recommended,427520,22245990,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,AwesomePerson50,"This is one of the best games i have ever played in my entire life, and its an early access! Unlike some other building games, it doesn't get boring! I could play it for hours at a time and not get bored at all! Everyone should get this game, its worth the time and money. It also can be challenging at parts, which makes it a funner game. It has so much content for an early access game, and has so much things to do, and its the first game i've seen that allows you to automate making resources, and it has so many great features. One of my favorite parts is that pollution affects the gameplay, and the enemies can evolve, and don't just stay the same. I recommend this game to anyone, and i bet everyone who plays it will have a good time in at least one of the many game modes. Whats bad about factorio? Absolutely NOTHING"
76561197970291492,Recommended,427520,22243613,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,takesix,"Great game!  Enough said, now back to work."
,Recommended,427520,22246715,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,chuckscrotch,"Probably one of the best purchases I've ever made on Steam since Kerbal Space Program. This game is an absolute blast to play. It can be sort of overwhelming at first, but stick with it and you'll just want to keep playing more and more!"
,Recommended,427520,21930101,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,co8urn,"Brilliant game, buy it!Reminds me a lot of the Tekkit mod for Minecraft only in a top down format"
,Recommended,427520,21933643,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Commisar Sodle,"Factorio - Early AccessSo far, I have played about 9 hours of Factorio and I can already say I am hooked. The aim is to collect as many resources as possible using automation. You can research more advanced machinery and electronics to improve your already impressive automated process of resource harvesting. A very fun and almost addicting game that is worth every cent. A definite recommendation!"
76561198065478434,Recommended,427520,21932842,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,EvolvingVirus,Trains son.
,Recommended,427520,21929048,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,kinloch,"This is a really good game! I have wanted a game like this for ages, I am slightly disapointed I didnt find it sooner...The game is full of fetures and has many hours of replayability, and with all the mods that exist you will probably not run out of things to do for quite a long time. The developers interact with the comunity and the community has created many mods that add even more levels of fun. This game has a promising future and even though it is in early access it feels like a pollished finished game. This game is worth getting, 10/10!"
,Recommended,427520,21937668,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Orange,i played 14 hours of this game on my first day
76561198071724942,Recommended,427520,21937518,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Latios,"It's the new Minecraft. No game...NO GAME EVER have I seen on steam has achives such a perfect rating. 99% of people who bought the game and played it enjoy it. NINTY NINE! Where do you see this now adays!? Besides that, the game desurves every single decemel of percentage. It came to Early Acsess better then all other games that have come from there. It's well build, very few amounts of bugs being constently crushed, and just a wonderful leap in creativity, practicality, and most of all, puzzels. The game really does make you stare and think about your next contraption. Do you place it here away from your super structure or try to intergrate it into your new base? Or hell, start from scratch if need be! After all, it only takes a few moments to take everything back up in your backpack. Multiplayer? Skies the limit! Just bring them in for fights or make a allied chain of seperate corperations...or better yet...compete against each other, set a goal, and see who can get to it first. There honestly is boundless possibilities for this game.So hop on that railway train before it runs you over, because this train isn't stopping and won't be waiting for everyone to climb aboard. Next stop, The Inserter Assembly Complex!"
,Recommended,427520,30735611,Posted: 25 March,all,Effigy,Very good.
76561198114111616,Recommended,427520,21935793,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,vbomb9000,this is a game that was made for me i have sunk days into this game 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21970626,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,lootwig,"great game, got addicted instantly. It's a lot of fun and i hope they will keep developing this awesome game!"
,Recommended,427520,21970766,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,meatface,Just buy the game.
76561198051622315,Recommended,427520,21969132,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Alaskan Booty Meat,"What can you say more about this game? It did everything right! Love the way you build up and stat mass producing weapons of war! But like others have said, it can still use some improvements. The water is like a impregnatble barrier that forever haunts you. It gets fairly repetitive once you get into late game. But that will still take you +30 hours if your just starting out to even get to mid game :)"
,Recommended,427520,21970834,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[BAMF] s1udge,I just wanted to try it out ... 3 days and 60 in-game-hours later ... still amazed!
76561198023193994,Recommended,427520,21971168,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ilusha,I want my life back!
,Recommended,427520,21968397,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Metcalf,Best conveyor belt simulator of all time.
,Recommended,427520,21972234,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Top Ramen,"Saw game on store, thought it looked neat.Promptly played game for 7 hours straight after buying.Can't stop thinking about how to improve iron production at work now. Boss suggested therapy.11/10."
,Recommended,427520,21972460,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mathious,A nice refreshing game production is key.  Build build build Ive spent many hours playing this and plan to play many more!
,Recommended,427520,21972561,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TOGoS,"Thanks to Factorio, eating and sleeping no longer seem important."
,Recommended,427520,21972882,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Astraeus,"A little tweak here, a little tweak there... *90 hours later* Everybody and everything is a conveyor belt with inserter arms."
76561197976226169,Recommended,427520,21969437,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,shr1nk,"This game is maddeningly addictive.  You build stuff, then build stuff with that stuff, then combine that with some other stuff, and keep building more and more.   You keep trying to up your capacity and distribution to research more and get more stuff to build.  It's kind of like taking the economy part of SimCity, making it way more fun, and building a game out of it.  I cannot recommend this game enough.  Even when you lose it's still fun."
76561198080890193,Recommended,427520,21964015,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,spartacus_der_schwarze,AwesomeLove it <3I am playing while writing this because i can not stop...Tell my wife i love her
,Recommended,427520,27167059,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[BeDuRA]Luke.mx,"Opens new game.""Cool, let's make a pickaxe and mine some stuff, then in 30 minutes I'll do that thing you asked me to do...""Many hours later.""What do you mean I have real life responsibilities? Have you seen how many biter bases I need to exterminate?'Very fun but addictive gameplay, would not recommend to OCD sensitive people. This is a game where you could litteraly build and rebuild forever!"
,Recommended,427520,27170850,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gandalf the Gay,"10/10 Built a base, 20 hours later realized I needed more room, destroyed entire base for 2 bits of land"
,Recommended,427520,27169029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LemonPickles,"Once you start, you can't stop."
,Recommended,427520,27214205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SiepeAssassina,This game is a must and it'll last dozens of hours of good fun.
,Recommended,427520,27214400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tuberCHIMPY,One of the most addictive and fun ways to feed your inner anal retentive ever :)
76561198028463467,Recommended,427520,27160119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,superspartan2,Just one more drill (5 hours later) Ooo a new type of drill
76561198080825637,Recommended,427520,27217599,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deceitful Sloth,"While I'm not as addicted to Factorio as some people here, it is definetly worth picking up."
,Recommended,427520,22754282,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Descent,"Great isometeric survival crafter. Focus on building a factory to survive on an alien planet. What they don't tell you is by the time you have the resources and the items to contact home, you won't want to leave. Familiar with the ""one more turn"" feeling in Civ? This has a ""one more hour"" feeling. The gameplay, mods, and devs make this one of the best games I have ever played. Honestly, this is probably the best I've ever played."
76561198006843431,Recommended,427520,27216284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deosbatorys,"Game is crazy addictive, as soon as you want to turn it off, you are saying I just need to fix this or that.  As soon as you finish your project you notice something else that could be fixed and the cycle continues."
,Recommended,427520,27390552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Narviee Hollow,The game which will make you think 4 hours isn't enough.
76561198006185979,Recommended,427520,27389919,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NERV,<3
,Recommended,427520,27388165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sivaulis,"The game is like crack.I start playing, think only a few minutes have gone by. Then I look up, and it's been 10 hours.Send help please, I can't stop."
,Recommended,427520,27392741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stray.,Best time waster ever!
,Recommended,427520,27416647,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Johnny5,"I always loved the games where it's up to you to manage everything efficiently. i always enjoyed the thinking process to make something work perfectly. The best predecessor for me would Transport Tycoon Deluxe. Terraria also had me making cool things in-game for hours on end.This game is even more complex than both combined and i love it for that. The tutorial is clear enough to get you started and the internet fills up on any complex feature you need help with.Even though it's early access it all works well. i have not had a single crash, not a single rendering glitch and with all the thousands upon thousands item moving over the transport belts and the hundreds of inserters moving around it all runs very efficiently on the CPU.i've already spent over 23 hours and i will spend many more!"
,Recommended,427520,27416726,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FallenTARDIS,this game feels like starship troopers in an old C&C that you have to craft your way out of.
,Recommended,427520,27417064,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silkka,Fun game
76561197983167532,Recommended,427520,27416015,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,G-Frog,Set aside a lot of time. You will get carried away.
,Recommended,427520,27414205,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pedophile Pete,So much wow lots of fun especially with friends:D
,Recommended,427520,27414305,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ogg,"I love playing factory games, but this one is the best... its insanly addictive and the gameplay is origin."
76561198087444998,Recommended,427520,27147312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A Unicorn,Best. Game. Ever
,Recommended,427520,22035681,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Cody,"Was sold on this game by a colleague, with it described as ""Transport Tycoon Deluxe crossed with Minecraft"". I reckon that's a pretty accurate statement. It's all about building an automating to build more.My first initial run I didn't do well (I had no idea what I was doing), but later I ended up playing along with a Youtube series taking me through the basics, and that got me right to the end.What I love is in the last stage of the game, how the new technology you play with changes everything about how you're playing.It's very addicting for those of you who like building machines and working out how to automate a process."
,Recommended,427520,22039358,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,JamerNL,"Don't like strategy games at all, but damm this is the best game ive played in the last year or so.I recommend looking at /r/factorio ."
,Recommended,427520,22035291,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,JokeR | Pvpro.com,my first time playing ... 7 hours straight playing. This is drug! highly recommended. great investment!
,Recommended,427520,22023354,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Pomerainian,Gets really involved building things.Forgets what I was doing.Stands in place looking at resources travel by.30 minutes pass.
,Recommended,427520,22092704,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kai Leingod,This is a great game. Really worth the £15 in my opinnion.
76561198195610625,Recommended,427520,30741640,Posted: 25 March,all,Jazzydan101,The game is a great game and I highly recommend you buying it but there is one fault with it and it’s that once you understand the mechanics of the game it basically repeats its self over and over. I have over a hundred hours into this game as of the time of this review and I have already beat the game a couple of times and had so much fun doing so but now it just sits in my steam library. Whenever I’m looking for a game and I happen to cross factorio it brings a sense of nostalgia back from all the fun I had playing it but I know when I open it back up I’m just going to be repeating the same thing I’ve done. So although the game is most definitely well worth your money just note that after you get the grips of the game and understand it all it will eventually get very tedious.
,Recommended,427520,22095127,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Grilled Salmon,Production and work in Factorio is inversely related to production and work in real life.Why be productive physically when you can be productive virtually. Buy Factorio.
,Recommended,427520,22096215,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Firapont,if you have personal life - forget it!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,22096243,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Night Ride,To survive you have to be Trump.Build a big wall with guns...
,Recommended,427520,22096307,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,big ol' doints,This Game is Super Addicting and i really would love seeing more
76561198017586082,Recommended,427520,22096672,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,TheSpaniard,"Great game for Early Access, I can't wait to see what they do with this game!"
76561198029373683,Recommended,427520,22094135,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,LoLeR,"You go from saing ""ohh a can build drills and conveyor belts"" to saying ""OMG my 500 robots are not fast enough and its already 7 am D:""good game10/10"
76561198035691061,Recommended,427520,22094686,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SirVanzeek,"This game is outstanding ! For those of you who have OCPD (Obsessive-compulsive personality disorder) this game scratches that itch real good. It is so satisfying watching everything come together. Im in this game 71 hours and haven't even touched the bugs yet, except for a few bad road trips. Factorio looks confusing but once you get going you realize you know exactly where everything is. Factorio is EASY to learn / EASY to figure out if it isn't obvious (oil refining) / FUN even when you find yourself dead from the previously mentioned road trip, or sightseeing unaware of standing on train tracks (my personal favorite death).This is a definite BUY ! So polished, so well done - and not even a finished product. Wish some bigger game companies would learn from this Dev."
76561198213034116,Recommended,427520,22095954,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,upurs666gamer,lots of fun and a lot of things to do and learn.
76561198073280139,Recommended,427520,22098140,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,HicccupHater,so much fun
,Recommended,427520,22097167,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Maxxpowa,Great game for those with limited play time. You can quite easily play for 20 minutes and save it to continue later on. You dont need to play for hours and hours at a time to enjoy this game!So far it seems relatively bug free and its very addictive.
76561198081390272,Recommended,427520,22041698,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Doom Donut,Its an excellent game but it sometimes crashes but overall its a great game
,Recommended,427520,22091828,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,mark5_9,This game is more addicting than cocaine
,Recommended,427520,22063917,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,aponly,"I normally don't purchase beta (or alpha) versions of games, however, witth the recommendations from a couple podcasts, I took the plunge.  Great game, at least for the early game.  I don't think I'm very far into it.  A bit of minecraft exploration and mining, and lots of logic puzzles.  As an engineer, the game is great, as you are trying to automate everything to build your way back into space.  The aliens add a bit to the mix as everything is not safe..."
,Recommended,427520,22063918,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Enjoying School-free life,"Wonderfull game!! If you played Minecraft with mods like ModPacks like FeedTheBeast or Tekkit, this is for you!!It's fun and addictive."
,Recommended,427520,22092915,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Karysto,"This game is ridiculously fun and addictive. There's so much to do, to keep track of, and to look forward to. You're constantly on alert for expansion, efficiency, resource contention, alien attacks, it's really a lot of fun."
76561198082046005,Recommended,427520,30739555,Posted: 25 March,all,Flip Out,I love this game its is the best hard but fun 10/10
,Recommended,427520,22073564,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,pringle,"This is an extremely addictive game, the only problem I have is the fact that boats arent in the game, making some maps basically unplayable."
76561198081530574,Recommended,427520,22073933,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Specter93456,So much fun would recommend to everybody. played nonstop for hours. 10/10 ign
,Recommended,427520,21850226,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,datway,"If I ever crashed on an alien planet, i'd be able to survive & thrive, thanks to this game."
,Recommended,427520,21850336,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Revelation,Great
,Recommended,427520,21898402,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Maximillion Fuvks,"This game is 1% building a factory to build a bigger factory, 99% almost getting hit by my own trains."
76561197967580643,Recommended,427520,21899186,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Guranz,"Factorio is like the ultimate management sim, you start off with nothing and start by builing a small factory, all while holding off the attacks of the local biters (unless you are playing in sandbox or peaceful mode), and by the end of the game you will have this massive factory that will build everything for you if you so choose. factorio while in Alpha hardly seems that way, it has many things to do and the devs are constantly pushing out updates and bug fixes, and if they arent enough this game already has a fairly sizable modding community, and the best part, if in doubt you can download a demo of the game and try it for youself!"
,Recommended,427520,21899606,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Patchi_,"This game is so awsome that I played 18.2h in 1 siting right after i bought it. I mean it. I bought the game, installed it and than played 18 hours straight. Oh man. I can't wait to check out multiplayer after I finish this one game."
,Recommended,427520,21902014,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Your Father,Another awesome game recommended to me by the greatSolarSupremacy.
,Recommended,427520,21900921,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,CakeManThePan,"I always thought factorys were boring, this game changed that"
76561198080174065,Recommended,427520,21989201,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,danielbar10,is a very good game but need multoplayer access to be easier
,Recommended,427520,21989502,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Keplergamer,"The best ever. Very unique, polishedly updated and plays like clockwork.I have more than 300 hours on my pre-steam version, also 60 of those was in just 1 week. Check my channel youtube/keplerplaytru for some Marathon gameplay in timelapse."
76561198090340699,Recommended,427520,21991767,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Eggs,"This game draws you in to its clutches, latches on to you and then you are ♥♥♥♥ed because you want to do nothing else.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21988661,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Meeperz,"If Minecraft and Prison Architect had a baby, it would be this game."
,Recommended,427520,21929682,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,xp67,This game is p. awesome. Thank you for reading my review.
,Recommended,427520,21929936,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,swank,Outstanding! My favorite game since Dwarf Fortress.
76561198060732731,Recommended,427520,24757481,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Droplet,"this game is harder to learn than all of the subjects I had faced(almost)but I would rather master this game than master any of my subjects ^^10/10 Excellent game, pumps your brain."
76561198156548738,Recommended,427520,24239136,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The Epic Fail,"This game is great. It can get a bit lonely by ones self so I had to friends help in my world. Together we desined automatic reaserch. an inpenatratable wall, and our most reacent addition oil factories. My vote 9/10 one of the best games I have played in a while."
,Recommended,427520,25259739,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Richard Pancake,So this is what doing Crack is like.10/10 gonna go get some Crack now
,Recommended,427520,25123327,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,tmfink10,"The more I play it the more I like it.  If you like puzzles of your own construction, you'll like this game."
76561198190633417,Recommended,427520,25126244,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Drtk60,Does anyone know how to get multiplayer working??? because i have been trying to get on with a friend but i is not working. otherwise i love this game
76561198104349509,Recommended,427520,25127748,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,TiberiumWolf,"For an early-access game, its thoroughly built (puns, oh so many puns to be used), and is aggravatingly, tantilizingly addicting once you get a handle on the basics. the weapon types in-game are carefully structured (puns) and the tier system requiring the player to research multiple different roles to get to the machines and tools they need to progress to the next higher tier is absolutely insane. However, the game is severely lacking in enemy diversity, and once you figure out an efficient strategic defense (much like a(n) base-building RTS or Tower Defense play-type in that regard), the randomly placed A.I. hordes stand little chance and never change-up in terms of difficulty when facing serious opposition. Furthermore, the game, though futuristic in nature, has absolutely no means for crossing large bodies of water such as Rivers, lakes or oceans, so once you reach the end of whichever landmass you findyourself spawning on, have mined all of the surrounding resources and killed all of the enemy hordes and their bases, you are effectively stuck, for now. Hopefully in the near future, a form of Naval expansion will be added allowing for water-based resource collection and/or sea-based biological enemies (or even better mechanical cybernetic enemies? O.o). On a side note, the current state, biological life-forms and organic enemy production structures require more diversity and varying levels of difficuly when randomly spawned, but then thats just my opinion...... oh and hovercraft would be a nice touch also for late-game water-crossing..... I mean, this game does take place in some form of future right? So it would be reasonable to have some form of flyable hover vehicle thats fast and has no weapons, right?"
,Recommended,427520,25171203,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,cool guy,amazing.
,Recommended,427520,25171758,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Wind,"It all seems so simple, make a place where the work is done for you! But then you have to place it all which is far more in depth and strategic than I ever would have believed possible. And then you get attacked because you've found a really great system with a coal based infastructure all self sustaining and OM NOM NOM NOM. What was this black spot before?♥♥♥♥♥♥I love this game. Think minecraft meets... industrialcraft... with starship troopers... but industrial... actually, it's really its own thing and it's awesome."
,Recommended,427520,25188154,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,lankanmon,This is probably one of my favourite games. There is comething very addicting abut this game. Making something and continuously improving it keeps the the game very interesting. The length of the game can be as long or short as you want or as easy/difficult as you need. I love it.
,Recommended,427520,25186805,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,just Dave is fine,"Excellent addictive game. Essentially you're just trying to gather resources to research and make weapons, but every 15 minutes you stop to ask yourself, ""Can I make this more efficient or automate this?""Even better with multiplayer."
76561198014376384,Recommended,427520,22730703,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,WATG,"The ""Early Access"" tab on this is very misleading, because honestly this is probably one of the most polished EA games on steam. Also, don't let that hinder you, the developers are very active and post a ""Friday Facts"" on their website EVERY week updating the players on where they're at in development and they are very receptive to player feedback on their forums. Additionally, the player community is fantastic about helping new players because there are several game mechanics that get rather complicated.This isn't my highest volume game in terms of hours but only because I haven't had it for long. It's truly one of my absolute favorites. 10/10"
76561198035759126,Recommended,427520,30854458,Posted: 31 March,all,yewheart19,most addictive game at the moment
,Recommended,427520,25102049,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,common˚science,"Before I bought the game:""this game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;After I bought the game:""Why can't I stop playing?""10/10"
76561198032895086,Recommended,427520,23733369,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,cdmabrey1,Awesome just awesome definitely worth it in every way......does not have the music in the video but hey it might be the soundtrack i didn't get
,Recommended,427520,25168992,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Zara Akiyama,"Not only has the price of the game satiated by crippling OCD with its perfect cost of $20.00, but the game is worth far more than that! With play time alone ive already accumalated countless hours of sheer enjoyment and have only progressed to the halfway point!This game is time consuming but you wont ever know how much time passes when your playing this game! ""Time flies when your having fun?"" Yea, it does!I highly reccomend this game to those who like these kind of  base building and resource/time management!"
,Recommended,427520,30852815,Posted: 31 March,all,OptikaVLietaveNoScam <3,"nice game, I enjoy playing it with some friends"
,Recommended,427520,25162326,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ihizz,"Really really fun, frustrating at the start when your trying to figur out your layouts. the more play throughs you do the better the game gets. i played a fair bit and still not learnt about the logistic robots. But i know it will be fun when i get to a point where from the begining you see where your factory will be from the start and where you will build out to."
,Recommended,427520,25167750,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,PonceDeLePwn,At some point you'll have to make the following decision-A) Utilize that next giant coal deposit that you've been salivating over to the fullest by spending a minimal amount of resources to create more boilers and steam engines.ORB) Spend much more resources and time building a solar array big enough with enough accumulators to power your factory and minimalize pollution.That's it. That's the point at which you lost your soul and became a politician because you know damn well that PRODUCTION CANNOT WAIT and power demands must be met!The only reason you'll even bother with a solar array is due to the threat of zerg-like face eaters that'll rip you limb from limb once your pollution travels to them and creates acid rain that pours down on their crops and melts their children's faces.This is actually a world simulator and the creatures are GreenPeace and we are all terrible human beings because we legitimately need something so savage as the threat of face-eating creatures to keep us from polluting.RIP Earth.
,Recommended,427520,25179676,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Calklklge,"Amazing game, so addictive and has a very large replay value (to improve on your previous factory)."
,Recommended,427520,25180810,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Erilon,"Incredibley addictive(ie ""i'm only gonna play for a quick hour after work""... 6 hrs later ""when did it become midnight?!?!?"" kind of addictive."
,Recommended,427520,25174032,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kugelweber,"It is very hard to belive that this game is early access as I have not personaly encountered any bugs after 65 hours of gameplay.  This game is simply amazing, I realy enjoy designing systems and troubleshooting problems so I am completly satisfied and feel it was money well spent.  A very playable and extreamly adictive early access game done right."
76561197981332057,Recommended,427520,25183051,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,mrnathan21,Hours and hours and hours this game will take from me. IM HOOKED!! :D10/10A+
,Recommended,427520,25190329,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Toastpiratewilly,I made a stone wall factory. I'm invincible now.
76561198032251167,Recommended,427520,25198941,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,veronicableep,"If you love minecraft (Factorio is way better) and if you love Sim City,I think you'll love Factorio - I do.  When I bought it, I thought yeah, $20 game, probably not much to it. Boy, was I wrong!  I can't believe the depth of this game - it really makes you think HARD. Many many hours worth of intense fun,if you like logic, thinking and solving puzzles.  Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,427520,25199215,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Slurr,Great game.
76561198061208111,Recommended,427520,25192728,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,cmikaiti,Ridiculously good game.
76561198080257278,Recommended,427520,25204644,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kryptalon,"this game is incredibly addicting and fun, the first emotion you will feel when starting to play this game is confusion, a lot of it, but when you start figuring out what to do and how to do it, you just can't stop.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,25200116,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Blade,Too many bugs. *Budum tshh*
,Recommended,427520,25221576,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nooobody,"On average, it takes around 6-8 hours to find the exit game button from the game, in every game session."
76561198134691138,Recommended,427520,25200746,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hysterics,rip lyfe
76561198035086799,Recommended,427520,25200875,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Guacamole Hedgehog,"The hours you will spend. This game is 100% recommended.Although side effects might occur, i had a dream about an inserter set-up, which was odd to say the least"
76561198307122982,Recommended,427520,25154807,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Gertius,"Really loved this game, it's a little confusing at first if your a newbie like me, but apart from the beginning, It's worth the money."
,Recommended,427520,25152675,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MD7,This game is just ♥♥♥♥ing great.As a plant designer IRL this is so much better.♥♥♥♥ this review.Just go buy it.♥♥♥♥ing buy it.
,Recommended,427520,25196617,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Danman,A very very addictive game. Still on my first playthough at 90hrs so if your thinking about buying it.. BUY IT! Definatley worthy of your £15!  In my top 10 games of 2016.
,Recommended,427520,25189153,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Grantimatter,"Although this game is listed as ""Early Access"", It's much more polished and finished than even some big games that have come out recently.You can get lost for hours trying to make your production better in terms of raw materials produced, or style. The game is undergoing constant change in the form of updates with loads of new content and features. I love the game as it is now, and I can't wait to see what it will become. Overall Factorio is an amazingly fun and addicting game that I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,427520,25188342,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SheolSurvivor,Factorio is the most fun you will ever have optimizing production lines. There is also no greater joy then watching a well oiled machine being run by your army of robots and trains.
,Recommended,427520,25188498,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bellicosity,More addictive than crack and cheaper too!
,Recommended,427520,22509369,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,N3rdB0t,"I find this game to be fun and a nice break from College finals etc.  But I can see how it could become very addictive. If you are a control freak or like organization, strategy it is really fun. Also, to improve gameplay get mods. They are definitely headed in the right direction with this one.Just as a newbie I find tool tips could be improved a lot more. But they have a great Wiki that can answer all questions and there is tons of videos out there to help beginners.Cheers!"
,Recommended,427520,22476789,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Metgame,Factorio starts slow but gets better the longer you play. In the almost 50 hours I have played up to this point I have not encountered a single bug. Highly optimized for no lag even with super complex massive factories. Highly recommended if you have some time to kill! Well worth the $20 price!
76561197983125555,Recommended,427520,22454616,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,☣ SpongeBob ☣,Amazing game !!!!
76561198223421976,Recommended,427520,22454862,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,John_Smith,Amazing game. So much effort out into it already and it's only in early alpha
76561198271887629,Recommended,427520,22489971,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shadow,REALLY ADDICTING
,Recommended,427520,21662998,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Wulf,"Short Review:The developers of this game nailed the trailer, the intricate and delicate systems that work together, the level of depth in the gathering; crafting; automation and monsters/combat, and the programming of the actual game itself, netcode and prediction algorithms included. I look forward to seeing what more they do with this game.Long Review:When I watched the first trailer, I thought it would be more like a city builder, but with a factory theme. The description made it sound interesting with automating your factories. The trailer definitely showed a lot going on and I was interested, especially with the monsters and turrets shooting at them.I didn't watch any other videos and I didn't look up any other information. (Steam refunds let you safely do less research on games and more playing)When I got in the game and played the tutorial, I was surprised to see that I controlled a character in the game. This really wasn't shown in the first trailer on Steam. I notice now that the second trailer does show this.I found that I could harvest wood, stone, and other resources.Then I could use them to craft.Then I could automate the harvesting using the things I crafted.Then I could automate the transport of the automated harvested items.Then I could automate...The depth that this ""Early Access"" game has is insane. There are so many different systems in play. Harvesting, crafting, energy/power usage, automation, pollution, monsters, combat, etc. Then there are tons of things you can research to let you do more.When I eventually went to quit for the night, I noticed it had a multiplayer menu option. An ""Early Access"" game with online co-op. All these different systems and you can mess with all of them with your friends online. As of version 0.12.0, they have an early dedicated server that runs without the graphical overhead. This worked really well for myself and 2 others at a later date. We didn't encounter any lag or disconnects. With all the automation going on, it's amazing that there was no lag or disconnects. It is a direct connect system, requiring IP address and port, and is peer-to-peer.I thought the peer-to-peer could be terrible, based on the way Dawn of War II's old peer-to-peer Last Stand mode lagged when the other players' computers couldn't handle what was going on, but it worked phenomenally well.(Edit: Someone was having major connection issues and it did affect the others, so it isn't perfect. Hopefully they fix it so that not everyone has to suffer from one person's connection.) It sounds like a server browser system is coming soon. While text chat is possible, I would heavily suggest using a voice chat program to communicate with one another, due to all the things that are going on in game.There also seems to be mod support already. I haven't even come close to experiencing all of what this game has to give, but mods can only extend the life of this already great game."
76561198066063730,Recommended,427520,22491137,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,goW1LD,Amazing game. I love it!Thanks for making such a unique game !
,Recommended,427520,26968479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EoW | Wergat,It's really great!
,Recommended,427520,26930136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danster5,Great Game that draws you in and makes you want to keep playing all night. Pefect pacing for a sandbox survival game. I would absolutly recommend it to anyone looking to get into a deeper version of Don't Starve.
,Recommended,427520,26933261,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wiff Me Baby One More Time!,Seriously the best waste of time money can buy... Ever wanted to travel to the future this game is the way to do it..Step 1 remove all clocks out of eye sightStep 2 install this game.Step 3 hours of your time will be gone before you know it and BAM it's the next day!
,Recommended,427520,26933007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Justtheboss97,Best 100 hours spent
,Recommended,427520,26936479,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S. Peene,its complex
,Recommended,427520,26936704,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ray,I don't usually play complex Facortoy building games Hell I don't think I really like them that much But I must say this one has got to be something that easily hooked me first playthrough.It's not really that complex once you get the hang of it but It does make it very rewarding once you figure it out Not to mention being able to bring your friend along definitly makes this game even more of a gem.If you don't think your all into a sort of factory type of simulation Just give this one a shot I'm sure you won't be dissapointed.
76561198076645715,Recommended,427520,22021187,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Parallax,"First play: ""Well, now I know how to make some furnaces and cooper wires !""Second Play: "" Hmmm, I should do something to automate these red potions to my labs and... what a mess is my factory.""Third Play: "" Yep, it's getting shape, but still, I think I could automate these green potions aswell""Fourth Play: "" I'm a genius !! Now it's living by itself. So, now lets see how to make a blue potion... WTF ?? Now do I have to look for oil ?""And so on... Every time you replay this game, you surprise yourself with something.And it's just a Early Acess game..."
76561198080269878,Recommended,427520,26934364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tutattack,gud
,Recommended,427520,26890796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shinobu-chan,"The classic ""Just 5 more minutes"" has never been so real, It can easily be compared with the Civ Franchise. But this one is for the Architects & Engineers out there. Resource gathering, transport, manufacturing, productivity, automation! It got all!"
,Recommended,427520,26913377,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dienes,This goddamn game makes me daydream about conveyer belts!
76561198127214643,Recommended,427520,26915627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sgt_bubba,80+ hours  sill fun
,Recommended,427520,26915259,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Allyjim,"Early Access...You sure?This game is phenomenal. Most addictive and challenging game I've played in years.10mins  - Ohhhh cool I can do that with one button.1 hour   - Right so I need electricity?2 hours - This running everywhere is awfully tedious.3 hours - Yaaaayyyyy I've built a bunch of working mines with and have a few items being made automatically.5 hours - This wall should keep out all the enemies whilst I research.10 hours - This isn't working, I need a higher level of automation...time to tear everything down and rebuild my mines.15 hours - Well I've finally got fully automatic mines and furnaces.20 hours - I should probably focus on those damned green potions...30 hours - Finally got some green potions being automatically dispensed.31 hours - I need to expand my area32 hours - F**k...I can do that with one button -_-10/10 will keep playing this.A game that will keep you playing into the early morning or until you have work in 20 minutes and you were only gonna play on it for a couple hours.If you want this game, nothing should stop you, It's a great price, it's incredibly stable and addictive, it's got achievements for all those achievement players. Sound is great, tutorials are good and not in a ""hold your hand through it"" kinda way.Basically I can't recomemend enough that you play this game."
76561197995304976,Recommended,427520,26946965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Riglor,Dreaming of conveyor belts.
,Recommended,427520,26959150,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamie Choi,"> I have half an hour, just play the gmae> Realized that it's 4 am in the morning after plaing"
,Recommended,427520,26957787,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YEW,"A game all about automation.  Yet, I will always have to manually expand my bases to satisfy the needs of my ever expanding base."
,Recommended,427520,26957884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mindwarper,"Simply an amazing game. The fact that it's early access makes it even more impressive. I've spent countless hours playing this game and I have to say, I've had a great time. Pick it up and lose yourself for days... bring a friend along, as it's even more entertaining with multiplayer!"
,Recommended,427520,26958156,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YouWin,"This game deserve so much more love than it is.If you are a fan of city planning, traffic management, this is your type of game"
76561198035231633,Recommended,427520,26958315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rinoru,The conveyor belts will keep haunting you even if you manage to stop playing.
,Recommended,427520,26958423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sickgamer01,Factorio is a game where you build a factory and attempt to leave the planet you are stranded on its highly addictive and fun especialy with a friend
,Recommended,427520,26959350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Calcifer,"This is definitely one of those games I'll keep coming back to. It is extremely satisfying to build a factory from scratch, and continually improve upon it, adding things, changing things, working to make it work swiftly and efficiently. It's also really nice to just sit back and watch a factory work.Oh, and there's aliens that attack or something."
,Recommended,427520,22470080,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tlim,"If you have the itch to build a crazy complex assembly line, this game will scratch it. There's always something you can do to make your factory more efficient. If the constant improvement and complexity appeals to you, you will enjoy this game."
76561198048647658,Recommended,427520,22470164,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,poethead,lost nights of sleep dont buy untill you have time to dedicate
76561198007313568,Recommended,427520,22470569,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,joesfoundry,very addictive
76561198032792782,Recommended,427520,22494130,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Korrok,I was getting a bit bored with the MMO's and so the other night after dinner I decided to install Factorio just to check it out.  I was just starting to really get into it when all of a sudden I was interruped by a loud noise.  My alarm clock telling me it was time to get up and get ready to go to work.  10/10
,Recommended,427520,22599720,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SirThompson,"i bought this game... i built a small base and researched a thing or two, that was about 2 weeks ago....ive played 93 hours of this game at home, at work, in my sleep its ruining my life but hot damn i built was nifty base!"
76561198089774204,Recommended,427520,22599840,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,kermeyS,"Amazing Multiplayer And GameplayFun And addictive! Servers should be less difficult to set up, but when playing with friends it's worth every penny. Gameplay gives a great chance to explore and try new things. It also allows you and your friends to have seperate factorys dedicated to different things. In my case both factorys need to function in order to progress. Factorio is a great multiplayer game because everyone works in a collaborate effort. Overall Factorio is my personal favorite on Steam. Factorio is a must buy game to who loves engineering and logistic games."
76561198263421641,Recommended,427520,22599967,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Matt,Really addictive....
76561197973919272,Recommended,427520,22600309,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,The Guy In Queen Wasn't gay,:Awsome game! Very Addictive (:
,Recommended,427520,22600597,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Kuga,The easiest way I know to waste an evening. Almost 20 hours in and I've barely scratched the surface of this game.
,Recommended,427520,22598143,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,[VZ] - ElliePupper,"i made a circle of transport belts, set a queue to make 455 Science Packs, and watched absentmindedly as I was dragged around uselessly. 100/10"
76561198169348629,Recommended,427520,22599160,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,_AwesomePickel_,"Great game! jut what i was looking for! love the element of being able to build and rebuild bases in infinate ammount of ways. Challenges, Space, Campaign. Its all guud"
76561198045401448,Recommended,427520,22599185,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Isaac_The_Tyrant,I really need to stop playing this game. Had some friends over and I bought each of us a copy. 16 hours later we are still playing. Too addictive. If you have things to do today wait til tomorrow to buy this game.
76561198029888237,Recommended,427520,22602232,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,funmikestar,very addicting. but one tip... DO NOT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD SAVE YOUR GAME IN AN AUTOSAVE AFTER DAYS OF ROBOT BUILDING AND START A CAMPAIGN  YOU WILL LOSE YOUR FREAKING MIND. 10/10 WOULD BREAK ALIENWARE LAPTOP AGAIN
76561198157706103,Recommended,427520,22624033,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SodiumChloride,Holy crap this game is amazing! I'll come back around 300 hours into the future and give my full review.9.5/10 so far btw
76561198045302046,Recommended,427520,22624430,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,delerium76,One of the best indie games out there!
76561198048400161,Recommended,427520,22626890,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Double Anarchey 115,"This game is so much fun. It can only get better. If you love machines, automation, and scrambling to save your rear end when stuff gets rough, you will love this game."
76561197993304441,Recommended,427520,22626027,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,metaar,"Factorio appeals to something deep in my mind, the satisfaction of solving a process in a neat way is immense. It is just the perfect concept, organizing, optimizing, solving problems, defending yourself... A perfect combination of addictiveness. You won't understand why it has become 4 am and you're still optimizing belts, with work in the morning. I'm playing every free time I can find, sometimes starting all over again because my spaghetti builds aren't churning enough. Really well made, polished, new content is being added al the time, developers are great, and it is extremely addictive (be warned!)."
76561198067098953,Recommended,427520,22626226,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Link_to_Dot,This game is just hours of fun if you like games like terraria and minecraft you will like this if you don't like them you will like this so if you want to have a try just play the demo and see how it goes
,Recommended,427520,22568894,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Recer75,Wow where did my 73 hrs go?
76561198133037325,Recommended,427520,22570082,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LunchBawx939,"When I close my eyes i can see conveyor belts and pipes!! this is the best game to come out in a long time on steam and it runs on a toaster and still looks appealing, this king of crafting has a knew name."
,Recommended,427520,22524191,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,JacketPugtat0,"My god this game makes my brain hurt at trying to make complex setup so it all can run by itself. It's brilliant, for a game that is in Alpha it really does have a lot to offer and will have so much more to offer in coming future.The story is just you crash land on an alien planet and your goal is to make a rocket ship to leave but you have a lot to do before you can just do that and setting up a lot of auto systems to beheld to do it as you won’t beheld to do it would having systems.The aliens on the planet will attack to give you another challenge and without setting up defences you won’t last long and everything you make will be destroyed so gun up & get ready as they attack in big waves.I would recommend that you get turrets soon rather than later as that will save you a lot and not like what happened to me and my mate when we just set up our own auto system we lost it because we had no defences and them aliens as fast and will kill you.My Pros;-Auto - You can complete setup systems to run by itself.-Hurts your brain - This may seem bad but I mean it in a good way where it does challenge you to think about how to set up systems.-Aliens - They are really annoying but give the game more of a channel at the start of the game and late game.My Cons;-Visuals - I’m not that keen on the visuals of the game I feel they could be better.-Driving - How you drive on the game is really poor and dodgy and I really hope it does improve.-Shooting - The guns that you get to use are not really that good probably the rocket is the best and it’s good for clearing rocks but using turrets to take out hives is the best way to do it.This is a must play if you enjoy building and planning factories & setting up a cool system7/10"
76561198273526695,Recommended,427520,22620059,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PazDaz,"Why bother collecting resources and crafting objects manually, when you can automate everything! This game is brilliant and easy to understand.I like that its not just about making a factory but that you have to watch out for enemies and be prepared.I also like how the goal is to build a spaceship, not that ive got that far but i wil work on it.if you like to let machines do all the work for you and you like creating very vast and complex systems then this game is for you.10/10"
76561197970513373,Recommended,427520,22622257,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ZPr13st [1080 VR],"An incredibly deep and complex system awaits you in Factorio. ""If your doing something yourself - your not doing it right"" would be a good ideal to live by while playing the game. You can sink HOURS into this game - it is incredibly fun - prob one of my top 10 of all time. Don't let the oldish graphics turn you away - this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,427520,22622423,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bird,Automation is satisfying.
76561198008895770,Recommended,427520,22618843,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Icey,Playing this game makes me wonder if I have Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Complex... Everything MUST work in a set way! WHY IS THERE COAL ON THE GEAR BELT? Where does the production line start? Where does it end?I look forward to what else they can add into this. Perhaps a city builder can be added as a late game thing. Who knows? All I know is that I got a factory that demands to keep growing.
,Recommended,427520,22618916,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,blue10pyre,Factorio is a fun game for a couple of weeks until you find yourself pondering upon what to do next. Sandbox games and FPS games do better a s there is no actual goal. Id recommend it for someone who doesnt know what to do with their money
,Recommended,427520,22619089,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,VeX,"So I start up the game after only having seen the two videos on the steam store page, create a new game, and then I decide to explore while i wait for my friend to get online for some co-op fun.I had a look at the minimap and quickly notice each resource is color coded, but what is that red resource off in the distance??? It occupies a much larger area of my map. I guess I'll run over there and have a look.... fml10/10, would die again.Joke's aside, this is a really good game. Very relaxing yet requires a great amount of critical thinking in order to progress. Feels very complete even as an Early Access. I've owned it for nearly three days and have played it for 26 hours. :o"
,Recommended,427520,22619192,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SeveredSoldier,I wish i hated it...
76561198125349430,Recommended,427520,22619379,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kidcacti,"I used to play other games until I happened across this one. In a mere 3 days after buying it I had put in 41 hours. I had to stop playing for the sake of my college career, and they are still adding more content to this trap. Buy the game."
,Recommended,427520,22619868,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jetpack Jones,gewd.
76561198237689304,Recommended,427520,22571506,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,humanedagger2000,Its like Tekkit but 2D...After a while you fall to sleep and dream about converyer belt
76561198094672395,Recommended,427520,22571701,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Chewbacca,It's good
76561198141733523,Recommended,427520,22609192,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,flemieux,"i hate this game.it takes up every second of my life, and my eyes are burning up. it is painful just to stop playing this game to post a review.best game ever 9/10"
76561198027903078,Recommended,427520,22609657,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Machinery,"This game is addicting. If you enjoy a bit of crafting and being able to automate tasks, try it out. I'd write a longer review, but I need to go play some more Factorio."
76561198204219440,Recommended,427520,22609751,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,yggyness,"I realized, after about 12 hours of playing the game, with a giant smile on my face,you're basically making giant flow charts once you start automating production of things. If you love flow charts and crafting games, get this game. I played it for 9 hours the first time I turned it on and I'm pretty sure it didn't feel that long because of how much fun I was having. I suggest getting a feel for the game in 'no unprovoked attacks' mode first before letting the monsters attack you of their own volition in order to get a feel for it. 12/10 would anihilate forests for fuel again :D"
76561198153850472,Recommended,427520,22609842,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,slayrgav,please make local coop eser ather  wish it is vaery fun
76561197993459541,Recommended,427520,22610004,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,rookhaven,Absolutely brilliant!  My only hope is that they expand this game indefinitely!
76561197969247041,Recommended,427520,22615963,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,word.,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing crack, coke, dex, whiskey and cola rolled into one.your life will loose hours and not even realize it :|"
,Recommended,427520,22616270,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Grantluger,Best logisitics game out there
76561198274497924,Recommended,427520,22614254,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mdteague45,the game wont start up the screen goes white and just sits there
,Recommended,427520,22576653,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Eecer,I died to a train 10/10 would rate to IGN again.
,Recommended,427520,22576886,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,SWatt_Officer,"I got this game two days ago at the writing of this review, after seeing Markiplier play it on Youtube. It looked fun, so i got it. I rate if games were worth buying by the price/hours played. When i have got less than one pound per hour, i consider that game to have been worth it. The only game i reached that point faster in than this was Fallout 4, and thats only because i had more free time.While it might be a bit overwhelming, looking at the ad for it and thinking ""how will i ever manage all that?"", you start small and grow with your factory, constantly learning new things. You will get frustated at times, but always due to a problem thats easily fixed. One exception to this is if its a problem in your circuits and conveyers, but that means its your fault, not the games.The aliens come suddenly at a certain research level, so make sure to build defences ASAP to avoid getting caught off guard. Alien swarm sizes grow with your tech, so be sure to keep building.The car takes a bit of getting used to, but is VERY useful.Perhaps make oil a little more common? I have literal mountains of iron and copper, but am having to push far into enemy territory to try and make an outpost for oil. Maybe just bad luck.Very fun game, if you play with a friend prepare to check the wiki on how to connect, i found reddit useful for that, and prepare to be annoyed when they break your circuit or ruin your plan.I give it 9/10. I expect to pour hundreds of hours into this, alone and with friends. Great game, great progression, great gameplay, great fun."
76561198049486522,Recommended,427520,22606689,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,kastor_l,10\10
,Recommended,427520,22607185,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Munst.,Very good game!worth the money
,Recommended,427520,22576059,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Intrinsic,After help from the community I got it to work and This is a wonderful game and you should check it out.  It's early access so Buy it and play it XD
76561198082603881,Recommended,427520,22580873,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Praesmeodymium,"Just (about) finished my first run in vanilla unmodded factorio free play. Somwhere past 40 hours of play...For being unfinished, and already open to mods, and at beta numbers like 0.12 this has the potential to be a great game.Its fun, a bit addicting, and a little confusing since its still beta.  While replayable it might be a little bit of a long game for many in its current form. You have to be the kind of person that enjoys building things for the sake of building things.But it is pretty modifiable check the guides for console cheatsThe freeplay setup currently reminds me a little of some old 4x variables setups how do you want your universe/world to look.Want to play in a rescource poor survival against an overwheling enemy that requires run and gun? you can do thatWant to just build and be left alone to see what kind of mega complex or minimum mega complex you can build? yup that tooJust want to go for a drive in the country in your tank and run over some zerglings? Got that tooAnd then there are the scenarios.And then there are mods.And then there is multiplayer co-op.And then theres all that the future holds.Download the demo and decide whether or not its your cup of tea."
76561197996969031,Recommended,427520,22591151,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Fanump,Get comfy.
76561198170224790,Recommended,427520,22591436,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ElocGaming,"The game is great and all, but when I try to play with my friend it is hard to make a server. So i am hopping in the future they create an easier way to make servers that dont need ports or ip's/ or just make it so friends are able to invite other frined into the game so they dont need the port."
,Recommended,427520,22593467,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Manners,.
76561197970442549,Recommended,427520,22597617,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,tyraxbrady,So much fun!
,Recommended,427520,22592925,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr. Nice Guy Lucky,This is a really fun game. Highly recommended. Even better if you got a friend to play with.
76561198131771521,Recommended,427520,22578222,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Tyronius10,"i wish i could find the words to say what i like about the game but to be honest i just love everything in this game. Lol, There is just so much do to you. You  can be as creative as you want and in the end you can look at what you have done and know you built that. I find myself alot of the time following a peice of ore and watching what it becomes a part of"
76561198024979096,Recommended,427520,22578350,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Urist McSpaceman,"If you enjoy city-builders with a focus on logistics and resource management, you should give this game a shot!You start out by using your pickaxe to mine a few raw materials. You assemble a furnace using stone, and use the furnace to smelt iron and copper into metal plates. You can then use the metal plates to build mining machinery, conveyor belts, and robotic arms to automate your factory and increase productivity. Keep it up, and you'll be producing computer chips and refining crude oil in no time!"
,Recommended,427520,22579632,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,HelloMooon,"Factorio is simply amazing, and it is only getting better. Just look at the amount of time played by some of the reviewers, or of friends on your friend list who own it. In terms of value - I could only dream of living in a world where developers put this amount of time, effort, community collaboration, and content into their work. In this day and age where quality early access games are few and far between, and microtransactions filled free to play games domintate the market in terms of sheer numbers, drowing out smaller and newer developers, it is such an amazing refreshing feeling to see a game like Factorio.Factorio is a sandbox openworld building game where your goal is to automate everything. It shares a similar concept with many games, in such that each resource requires a combination of resources that come before it to create. You start small, but believe you me, you get big! Towards the end of the tech trees when your factory gets really big, it is truly astounding that it actually functions and that YOU actually made it! It reminds me a lot of lego's in a sense, and also the human body, in that each little part does its function and as a whole they create this amazingly complex machine. You actually learn a lot while playing it too, in an engineer'ish type way. Sometimes changing just one thing creates this huge butterfly effect, and rather than reverting it back, figuring out why and making it work is so much more fun. With multiplayer (which I will talk about a little more down below) you can see in real time how people look at the same problem and solve it in different ways, which I find fascinating.There are a million ways to play this game, but personally I (and I know so many others do too, as this is one of the core concepts that draws people like us to this genre) love figuring out how to make each little contraption work as efficiently as possible. I also loved making my first factory as symmetrical as I could, just because it looked so cool. Copper on the left, iron on the right in the exact pattern. Oil up the middle with some green chips on each side just because it looked cool!If you have even the slightest bit of OCD this game will turn it on overdrive, but in a bizzarly fun way...I can't really explain it, just trust me xDThe developer is constantly adding to the game, and listens to the community feedback, which is in my opinion neccesary in 2016. There is so much more I could say about this game, but I will just add this one final and AWESOME end note....It already has *PERFECTLY* working multiplayer, which makes it just THAT much better. These are my absolute favorite types of games, and I have always wanted a good open sandbox game to play with my friend(s), and now I have one.If you are even considering buying this game for whatever reason, do yourself a favor buy it. These are exactly the types of dev's we need in the gaming world today, our support means everything!*An easier way to use muliplayer is being added in one of the next updates, but as of now just use the program ""evolve"" which allows your to share an IP address with whoever you party with, and just join a party with whoever you want to play with."
,Recommended,427520,22575293,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Parko,Fun game
,Recommended,427520,22629997,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SnAke_NinjA,This game is Roller Coaster Tycoon meets Minecraft.
76561198213489369,Recommended,427520,22630247,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Slayer9000,this game is pretty amazing.  i really like the retro style of graphics.
,Recommended,427520,21877629,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,singrider,Just buy it - my shortest commend.
76561198013438185,Recommended,427520,21638638,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,jebevuorinen,"I think this could be the best game I've ever played. And I have played _a lot_ of games. It combines many familiar elements (Terraria, Infinifactory/Spacechem, Alpha Centauri and Starcraft come to mind) but manages to create something original, rich and unique, while keeping everything balanced and, well, criminally fun. I mean, yesterday, I noticed that I had an opened bottle of good lager on the table beside me that I had completely ignored for three solid hours while playing. Not a single sip taken. Now that's intensity.It's currently early access, but it's very polished and well balanced already. The UI could be improved a little and stuff, but the complaints are quite trivial. I'm just constantly blown away by the sheer goodness of this thing. The current 99% positive reviews is justified in my books.10/10 very recommend.Edit: after around 50 hours of intense playing, it began to lose its grasp. It seemed to me that after I had unlocked most of the interesting research projects, there was just not a good enough reason for me to expand my production.I think that the game would benefit immensely from heartier late game content. My two cents: larger, well-fortified alien colonies in addition to the generic nests and more variety to alien races. I'm thinking in the lines of slowly moving sandworms, ethereal-kind of master race aliens and other scary baddies. And of course to keep things in balance, more military stuff. Long-range ballistic nukes? A jet pack?  Programmable robot armies that automatically mow down those nests? A psi-weapon that causes the buggers to attack their comrades? Invisibility cloak for me to creep into a nest and then roboport-build a turret base right into their backyard and then uncloak and unholster my flame thrower and... well... you know what I mean. Late-game stuff.But the bottom line is, those 50 hours still made for the best gaming I've had in a long, so I can still strongly recommend this title. It's already a must-buy for a building game fan. I'll start another game after a couple of updates. Thumbs up for creating this masterpiece, devs!"
,Recommended,427520,21908611,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ö,The spaghetti is real 5/5 get addicted
76561198051474074,Recommended,427520,21877585,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Malecord,"Make yourself a favor: don't buy it.I failed at following my own advice. Now I don't sleep, I don't eat and I forget things. All I do is construct additional conveyors and lay down more oil pipes.Soon I will get fired and my gf will ditch me.I want my life back!"
76561198032540624,Recommended,427520,22335117,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,ducktapewarrior,"The family and I (3 of us) started playing the multiplayer without much of any knowledge on the game heh.  Our first deaths were quick ;)  BUT... once we started building and understanding, things fell in to place quickly and we had a lot of fun!  Five hours later, we had to say goodnight to the game, but we are all looking forward to playing it again soon!  Really impressed!"
,Recommended,427520,22335298,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Ben Snow,"Pros:- The game is simply awesomeCons:- It's too dangerous to play it. I tried only twice, both times I wanted to play it for an hour, but when I checked the clock it said 2 AM."
,Recommended,427520,22338363,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Thargor27,Playtime of 24 hours within the first 48 hours I bought this game. Kinda addicting.
,Recommended,427520,22285251,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,BADGRAPHICS,Morish and satisfying. Can't wait to see how this develops.Feels very fleshed-out for an early access game.
76561197999250020,Recommended,427520,22285347,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Palec,"Dungeon Keeper, Dwarf Fortress and Transport Tycoon together in one game... 100% pure gaming drug"
,Recommended,427520,22285806,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,^1jd^7qw2^110^7,Awesome!
,Recommended,427520,22294323,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ervic,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. I currently have a fairly small base and I'm not too far into the game, but it is great. Good ambiance, good mechanics, just... amazing. This game will be hailed as a classic in years to come."
76561198132235826,Recommended,427520,22387212,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,UnjoGratisTheForbiddenMonkeyGod,"This is one of the best steam games I have ever played. And I have ALOT of steam games. Absolutlry NOTHING wrong with this game. I've only said that one other time, to Undertale. I HIGHLY recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,427520,22371019,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,UKgodfather,Great game
76561198006363887,Recommended,427520,22371151,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jacobtkaul,I absolutely love this game. I cant list one con to be completely honest.
76561198065452093,Recommended,427520,22371612,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Evader,nice game so far
,Recommended,427520,22349978,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,| Turncoat Sheep |,"EARLY ACCESS MY♥♥♥♥♥ This game is more stable than 99% of ""full release"" games (the only time it ever crashed is when my laptop battery died...). This game is very fleshed out, has a ridiculous amount of content and variety of gameplay. You basically build massive bases, and work to make them automated/self sufficient to produce an eventual rocket to get you off planet. But there is indigineous life that you must fend off first.TL;DR: Build factories/automated bases and kill aliens until you can go home. I love it very much. This game IN NO WAY FEELS LIKE EARLY ACCESS."
76561198153973510,Recommended,427520,22364297,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Damnedbob,"open game.""oh boy coal"" *mines coal for 10 mins with shoe.""oh boy stone"" *repeat above with stone.stone furnace? what can i do with that? is that iron over there?*10 mins later* place drills.*15mins later* sick of running around picking up ore, discovers conveyors*1hr later* jumlbed mess of conveyors and overabundance of resources*3hrs later* i can research♥♥♥♥♥♥ whoa.*5hrs later* whats the red stuff on my map? is it rubies??? *massive alien welcoming comittee*10/10 would be greeted again"
,Recommended,427520,22364673,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,KeineGnade,"Factorio is one of my new favorite indie games of 2016. Well technically 2016 because this game was available before the 2016 steam release. I always wanted to get it, but actually forgot about it and now that it is on steam i picked it up.I knew the basis which was to build a factory and automate as much things as you can while dealing with the very angry alien creatures. They dislike you very much because of your pollution. I feel like overall it is a message about pollution and how dangerous it is, but who cares! I'm going to build a bigger and even more efficient factory. Just be glad I stopped burning coal in miners you dumb creatures.The game is still in Alpha and has so much more room to grow. Where the game currently is, is actually in a really nice spot. It is fun to discover how you can make your factory more efficient and even research new items to further automate and make your factory efficient. Then you will get tired of making science kits so then you do an extremely complicated trail of assemblers that make copper wires and then one that makes gears and then one that makes circuit boards, and then one that make implanters and then to make conveyor belts: and finally you can make the assembler that makes the science pack 2. GOOD GOD that was fun. NOW TO DO AN EVEN MORE COMPLICATED ONE FOR SCIENCE PACK 3. It is so fun and rewarding to build and automate something like this. You get to watch the fruits of your labor as it works its magic with you superior intellect.Now to the threat. As you grow more even with electricity, pollution will be an ongoing issue. The alien creatures want to destroy your factory and kill you ASAP. You can craft weapons and armor and the combat is okay. It isn't special, but it is okay. You can build gun turrets and walls to defend your factory from the alien menace. It is another task that you must deal with along with your factory.Even with my 13 hours I haven't gotten past oil production. I got to making plastic and sulfur. This is a game that starts out very slow, but soon you can have an efficient factory that automates everything. Mining and crafting can be done with technology and research. This game is very fun and I implore you to buy this game for the $20 dollar price and support these devs."
76561198134173868,Recommended,427520,22363480,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lee,If you like any King of strategy games like sim city or base building  then you will love this game
76561198214428337,Recommended,427520,22363798,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ICrazy Skills,Fantastic game that I find myself going back too time and time again. A polished game that still had lots of content too be added in addition to the thriving modding scene means that I doubt my interests will be shacken any time soon!
76561197971043833,Recommended,427520,22363995,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Arosh,Awesome game :)
,Recommended,427520,22366895,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MayoFlux,"Great game, 10 hours went buy and I didn't even notice.  Some of the late game automation is a bit confusing to use but I’m sure I’ll figure it out."
,Recommended,427520,21472457,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lukas,"Best game ever made :) Plan, build, manage and defend a factory. Logic and strategic simulation. Buy :)"
,Recommended,427520,21473032,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Zerriess,Very awesome game.
76561198304877305,Recommended,427520,30709863,Posted: 24 March,all,Penguin9816,"I will say this game is pretty fun. It does have a huge learning curve however, it is very resonable on how much it rewards you or disciplines you on what you've done. This game is a huge time waster and gets even more fun and challenging as you progress. it's also kind of a strategy game as well. as you constantly have to place things correctly so in the long run they dont hurt you. i will say can kinda be boring at times and at first but its gets amazingly fun after a few hours. 8/10 Stars"
76561198007035750,Recommended,427520,30703010,Posted: 24 March,all,CaLeiA [PT],"I've only played a little, so I don't have much to say, except for: 98% - Overwhelmingly Positive (both recent and in overall)."
76561198022221315,Recommended,427520,30712086,Posted: 24 March,all,Tuxedoed bird,bought this told my cousin to buy it havent stopped playing since
76561198003959211,Recommended,427520,21482691,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tornado,"This game is essentially crack for people like me, if you like Transport Tycoon (or really any other tycoon-like game) this is fantastic! Not only that, while very deep the game is also very approchable, with a great tutorial that spoonfeeds you game mechanics at a good pace. Completely playable even though it is in early access."
,Recommended,427520,21477856,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,pharrallell williams,is gud
,Recommended,427520,25431252,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Planet_Novation,"Loved the game! Don't even wait for a sale, just get the game.10.5/10"
76561197978673857,Recommended,427520,21485511,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Lesardah,I can't remember a game I've enjoyed more in the first few hours.
76561198000953165,Recommended,427520,21485624,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jazy BP,"Really good game and have enjoyed it so far, however I'm really beginning to feel there's some wider strategic aims missing, otherwise it just becomes a never ending sandbox game. Alien attacks aren't frequent enough and the difficult seems to plateu, need more random events that keep you on your toes like in Prison Architect."
,Recommended,427520,21506458,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Popeye1Ri,"great game! if you like big pharma, this is it with steroids!"
,Recommended,427520,21507406,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,m1kc,"One of the best games I've ever played. Engineer's delight, deep and highly replayable."
76561198027584383,Recommended,427520,21506910,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tempy Uj,"This is new Anno :)Grate game for all dissapointed with new Ubisoft product.Just new verson of mechanic of production chains, but still old good logic-placemnet-factory game.Good graphics, good atmosfere, hours of fun.I think that this is ""must have"" if you like this kind of games."
,Recommended,427520,21507178,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Frenklan Rusvelti,"I only played this game one other time before. I will admit, I torrented a very alpha version about a year ago. But that one time I played it, I played nothing else for about a MONTH. I just checked, my first save was on July 9th. 2015. The last save before I stopped played was August 5th, 2015. I played nothing else during that time.When I played it then, the end goal was a Missle Defense System. Half the technologies were had copy-pasted icons. The Flying technology was a tiny picture of the alien UFO from XCOM: Enemy Unknown! Some of the textures were uncolored. Some were obvious placeholders. But now, everything is unique and beutifully textured. This is seriously some of the most gritty, realisitc, industrial, and intricate pixel-graphics I have ever seen. Everything moves. From the tiny pistons on the Inserters, to the intricate pneumatics and steams of the Boilers.Factorio is seriously one of the most unique games I have ever played. You basically must singlehandedly build an entire infrastructure and supply chain. I have never seen anything like it. At a close up level, it's a simple puzzel of space and resource managment. How can I get these resources over this supply chain, and into this Furnace without the inserters picking up the wrong item. But on a large sense, it's a massive game of getting things where they need to be, when they need to be. And your not just improving your current system. Your constantly expanding.I can not recommend this game enough. The only criticisms I have are few grammar mistakes and overall, amatuer writing in the tutorial and description. But I think that can just be chalked up to the developer's native language not being English.The learning curve isn't even too steep. When I first played, I did have to tear down and restart many times, but once you figure out a system that works, it is fairly smooth sailing. Personally, I play on peaceful mode, so the aliens won't attack first. I really don't like the alien system. I think the process of managing resources is enough of a challenge. It's a shame the entire second half of progression requires a steady income of alien goop, and being that I turned alien bases to Very Small and Rare, that's gonna be a bit of a challenge. But I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.I fully recommend this game to anyone that enjoys anything from Survival Games to Citybuilders."
,Recommended,427520,21507331,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,yesbryan48_killer,10/10
,Recommended,427520,21510073,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wheagle,"So I got the game about twelve hours ago.... and there goes my Saturday. Amazing game. If you love to build stuff, just get it. It's a crafter, shooter, you can play it like a turret defense game, too, yet it just keep growing and growing. Love it."
,Recommended,427520,25385475,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,j0n3,Instant classic. Totally worth it.
76561197988804567,Recommended,427520,25352984,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,master.XxX.120,its a amazing game its werth the monny
,Recommended,427520,25358574,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,AKnightAlone,"Everything good about modded Minecraft factories simplified to 2D with a ♥♥♥♥ing open door as far as complexity with how to automate and direct the flow of different resources. You end up with what looks like a circuit over hours and hours before you even realize what you made. Of course, your first couple games will look like an absolute mess, but then you start to understand how to properly leave space for what will become necessary eventually -- but even then, you'll probably cut it pretty tight once you remember some of the later necessities. An absolute beautiful timesink you can just get lost inside."
,Recommended,427520,22579740,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,dumbledaz,This game is alright (pls helpo pretty sure i'm running out of food I havn't been able to exit the game i'm pretty sure I'm being held hostage by my own brain pls call amurlamps)
76561198158264161,Recommended,427520,22846603,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Havenlock,"Might look complicated, it's not10/10 Would spend hours making science againYeah science doesnt take that long to make, we all go at our own paces K"
76561198002227901,Recommended,427520,25355940,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Box,"Great game, bought it 2-3 weeks ago, went crazy with it and had a good time.Completely worth the money"
,Recommended,427520,30863722,Posted: 31 March,all,TapocoL,"Great game. Spending time re-arranging factory lines and resource paths is such a great puzzle in and of itself. The ending may have changed, but it was a little anti-climatic like a year ago when my group beat a map."
,Recommended,427520,25358592,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,imdelsa,cool stuff
76561198275377592,Recommended,427520,25364273,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheAlmondPigeon,This is a very fun game. sad to say but i have yet to finish the darn thing
76561197983402868,Recommended,427520,25355442,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,|R|Dani,Highly recommended
76561198167748482,Recommended,427520,25348675,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SPAZGOD,"best game of all time 11/10 one of my favorits. i have beat the game several times. recomend playing with friends its alot of fun. also mods do not hurt. if u dont know if ur gonna like it or not ""get it,"" if your thinking maybe ""get it,"" if u think its the best game of all time ""get it"" and post a positive review. theres not a lot of games that i like an its very hard to be one of my favorits but this game has definatly earned my #1 spot."
76561198002559682,Recommended,427520,25349426,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bizon87,"This is a fascinating, addictive independant game which is well beyond ""Early Access"" and is now already very enjoyable. It's a giant game about production and logistics where you will quickly automate all the usual tasks of that kind of game so you can always build bigger and faster. The final 'win' is more a side thing, the real fun is the game itself, spending dozens of hours trying to optimise a production line, a blueprint.It's very original, it's rich, the modding community is rich and promises to become even more so. If you think you might be interested by that kind of game then I strongly recommend you go for it."
76561198086323839,Recommended,427520,25349716,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Hank Hill,THis game is addictive and fun. I love the artstyle and gameplay! I HIGHLY recommend it!!!
76561198185479011,Recommended,427520,25347223,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Orlbardo,"This game is awesome , recommend to those hwo like micromanagment and such stuff . Is a fullpackage challenging . Also makes a lot of fun especially when played in multiplayer with your friends :D ."
,Recommended,427520,25566731,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,InvaderZim,The first game in years to keep me up till the wee hours of the morning.
76561197993427924,Recommended,427520,25564238,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dr. Smith,"Hours of entertainment.  If you like efficiency, assembling, and machinery - this game is certainly for you."
,Recommended,427520,25551639,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Vesmo,This is a fantastic game.  If you enjoy games about crafting and thinking about the best way to build machines to build stuff you'll love it. Really looking forward to the end game after it's finished in early access.
,Recommended,427520,25578687,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Tol Sirion,Amazing game. Very addictive. We will build a wall and the aliens will pay for it.
76561197990416171,Recommended,427520,26838726,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yssago,Possibly the only EA game worth the price on Steam.
,Recommended,427520,27003185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yoss,"There's something very satisfying about this game. I think it's that the premise is all about automating tasks... When you start the game, everything is manual and annoying to do... As you progress you find ways to automate those annoying tasks, but you eventually find a new annoying task as a result of that automation! It's a never ending cycle of problems to solve. I CAN'T STOP PLAYING. SOMEONE HELP ME."
76561198088601896,Recommended,427520,27003293,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WaluRAMBO,"This game is very reminiscent of the original Tekkit. Many elements that remind the player of old Buildcraft and the original Industrial Craft. It just builds upon these concepts and it is very easy to lose track of time while playing. Very good game,  would recommend!"
,Recommended,427520,27004536,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Aegaeon,"One of those games where you play for 10 minutes, and realize its actually been 9 hours."
,Recommended,427520,27016002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grant Chen,Good Game.
,Recommended,427520,27020021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Inki,"This game is really addictive, I barely built the rocket but it has been fun automating everything, trying and struggling to get the parts."
76561198041187676,Recommended,427520,27020568,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bonzaiii,"Alien Swarm meets logisticsIt's not about crafting and mining, rather automating them in mass."
76561198044557742,Recommended,427520,27020592,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kswa1987,"Factorio is probably the most insidiously infectious, mind-infesting game I have ever played. It's really hard to explain to people exactly why I love it so much: the logistics puzzles that come with scaling up your factory, unlocking the technology to create more and more complex items; the fact that the core design makes it such that the difficulty of those puzzles continues to scale up right as far as you care to push it; the rock-solid coding that gives you the freedom to scale up your factory as far as you wish-- these are all great reasons to love this game.But what keeps me hooked is the community surrounding the game and the developers' continued dedication to polishing every element of this game. I have pumped about 170 hours into this game as of writing this review, and, per their awesome blog that gets updated every friday without fail, I know that they are going to overhaul some elements of the game along with a graphical upgrade, for free, which I expect to provide at least a couple hundred more hours of enjoyment.Can't recommend this game highly enough."
,Recommended,427520,25941989,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zodiark,"Super fun, really hits you in that whole ""just one more thing then I'm off"" kinda way. It's constantly making more automation and logistics networks for making more research and weaponry and whatnot. Very recommended. Only con right now is that after you have beaten the game, all there really is to do it get better at doing it all again. Hopefully the developers (ardent as they are) will realize that we're going to need more end game content for this game to really hit the top of the charts."
,Recommended,427520,27016356,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,raggy,"Hella cool game, worth every cent! Make sure to play with friends or it gets a little boring"
76561198005067712,Recommended,427520,27016714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nodoc,"So I heard you like building things? Well, what about building things to build other things that assemble these things to build more things? If you like building things, then I recommend transferring the bytes to your computer, assembling them together and playing this awesome game."
,Recommended,427520,27016986,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,귀여운 물개새끼,"Factorio is, quite simply, an absolutely fantastic game. Don't let the ""Early Access"" status discourage you; this game is balanced, polished, and astonishingly bug-free (moreso than many AAA titles) and is only getting better as development continues. Even if it were to be released today, it would already be a fantastic product, and the fact that the developers are pouring considerable effort into improving further it is wonderful.In the simplest terms, Factorio is a game of industrial production and micro-management. If you're the type of person who is still reading this review after hearing that, you will absolutely love this game. There's not much more to say than that. The gameplay is fun and engaging, and there's endless room for optimization and strategy, resulting in near-infinite replayability. Simply put, Factorio is one of the most enjoyable indie titles I have played to date, and is well worth the insane amounts of time you will no doubt end up pouring into it. 10/10 flaming biter carcasses, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,427520,27017375,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sacrificial_lamb,So much glorious details on a satisfying learning curve. Fun and addictive.
,Recommended,427520,27062251,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skywardfire,Cracktorio.
76561198102801942,Recommended,427520,27083339,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,StElmosFire,Adictive
,Recommended,427520,27083606,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pandalords,Capitalism.
,Recommended,427520,27083882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Strickove,"Although a tad slow in the beginning, it picks up big time once you get electricity and start actually automation lines.This game is one of the best games I've played, and I play all kinds.The only problem in my opinion is that if new players don't play the 'Tutorial' levels, then they don't know what they are doing, and most new players don't do that and give up on the game before they understand it."
76561197981450141,Recommended,427520,27844161,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RustyLemon,"Have you ever wanted to genocide a peaceful indigenous population to exploit their natural resources with Prussian efficiency? Factorio is for you! Perfect supply chain management! Hone vertical integration! Pollute, pollute, pollute!"
,Recommended,427520,22634976,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,guttenflax,"Imagine the building freedom of a SimCity, add the crafting of Terraria and the satisfaction for everything running smoothly you had in your most successful Caesar 3 towns.No... not even imagining that you'd be close to the mind opening creative experience Factorio can give you.Buy it... you'll never regret it.EDIT:Just nominated for the “Just 5 More Minutes” Award because this incredible game will keep you glued to your PC.It's early access, but the developers keep on polishing it with weekly updates on their path to the final release.Enough said, just buy it and enjoy."
,Recommended,427520,27864889,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boshy,So many hours spent building a factory. I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,427520,22818066,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,TOG | Gumby,Addictive as hell.
,Recommended,427520,22900435,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Azrapse,- I will just have a 5 minutes look at my save game before bed. Maybe I can fix that problem with the red circuit boards not being made fast enough.5 hours later...
76561198152393229,Recommended,427520,22924464,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Hypa Venomised,"Factorio, Factorio, Factorio.... All I have been talking about lately is Factorio! Now when you first start play you think this, ""Hmmmmmm... This games graphics arn't very good. I wonder if the game is good?"" Though once you start playing you realise just how excellent this game is. It allows you to automate everything and once you do you pretty much have everything you need, but then comes the aliens. Now their are to ways you can play, the peacful way or the militry way. But eventually, no matter what, you have to fight back. Now I made the mistake of ignoring them, but now my world is over run and I can't do anything. Anyway what I'm trying to say is you should deffinitely get this game because it is so addicting but so fun and challenging. Personally I would rate it a 10."
76561198240493776,Recommended,427520,22961569,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kitty10101,it needs a filtration system for polution
76561198282079951,Recommended,427520,22961808,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,willcyvernus,"the game is fun if you like to build and destroy (survival ) .because in the game you can customize your map and having to be aware of your base, I hope this will serve something ."
76561198034311349,Recommended,427520,22962347,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,TangoBaron,This games is incredible. It ruined most survival games for me now since I find it completely stupid that I can't automate everything like in Factorio!It's a fantastic experience but be careful it quickly becomes addictive.
76561198045694033,Recommended,427520,22963891,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,bar256,tons of fun
,Recommended,427520,22922067,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,NavyAssassin619,This game is SO addicting!!!
,Recommended,427520,22922200,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MoneySixFiveFourThree,"I bought this game after watching Markiplier play it, skeptical if I'd be addicted or not.This is all I have really been playing. I don't know what I am doing half the time. Once I know what I am doing, I realize the way I am doing it is so unproductive, and then I build more productive ways to build it. This game can really make you feel like you accomplished something and make you feel good about yourself, you will also think alot on how you will produce the most out of what you have and what you can create. I totally recommend this game if you ever wanted to watch yourself build something more than yourself from scratch, and feel good about it."
,Recommended,427520,22918109,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BB,"I've logged 90 hours into the game so far. I have only positive things to say. I really enjoyed this game. I found everything very intuitive. You loose track of time playing this game. This game is great with friends, or single player. This was an absoulute pleasure to play."
,Recommended,427520,22925649,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Vfbs97,"It's just an awesome game. If you're not sure whether to buy it or not, check their demo out."
,Recommended,427520,22927236,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,acedeuce4life,Finally beat a normal map...I have no clue what else to do with my life now.  All I want is more Factorio
76561198160381293,Recommended,427520,30772595,Posted: 27 March,all,Thunder,Wonderful game and well worth the $20.00. I also have fell victim to addiction to this game and lost track of time while playing it.
76561198047799353,Recommended,427520,22921460,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,networldsystems,"This is a fun game with unlimited potential. Factorio is a bit different, somewhat unique. All the widgets and do-dads are busily doing something productive. All the motion reminds me of music- there's something complimentary to all that activity & endless possibilities. Everything has a distinct purpose that can also feed a higher purpose. It's fun just to watch it in action. The graphics are relatively simple, however everything is in fluid motion, so it's definitely worth the trade-off. Very enjoyable all around. Kind of a cross between Minecraft and SimCity. I think I like it better than either.I've written few reviews, if any. I don't like to cut into my play time. For Factorio, I make a rare exception. My digital gaming experience goes all the way back pre-PC. I've played them all (a slight exaggeration). Fallout 4 is my current favorite of the ""latest & greatest"" games.  I'm easily entertained and not easily impressed. This one suprisingly goes on my list of great games!If all that isn't enough, the game seems remarkably stable. I experieced one crash that was recoverd from in a blink.*Disregard my hours played- I leave whatever I'm playing running."
,Recommended,427520,22921789,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Plesleron Tepryos,All I can say is that the game is so addicting that i could not stop playing: starting at 6:00 PM to 7:00 AM. I need Help.
,Recommended,427520,22951480,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Luciano 'tr inc',"This thing is awesome. Forget the high end graphics from ""Big"" studios, this is an awesome game and pure of essence, which makes you think, it's also not like one of those annoying popular browser games that require you to repeat something a billion times to be successful.Pro's:-It's original-It looks good enough-Will entertain you for a long time-Mod community very active, tons os custom content for the game.Con's:-There's a larger than usual learning curve, sometimes things that aren't obvious need to be learned but there's no real way to finding this info (unless you spend a few hours in the game's forum/wiki)-Highly addictive, you will loose some nights of sleep-The campaign is rather short, which leaves you with playing random maps in ""freeplay"" and spending some time with challengesOverall, it's excellent and definitively worth buying."
76561198019695613,Recommended,427520,22955008,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Jalir,The learning curve is pretty steep on this game but once you understand it the game is amazing.
,Recommended,427520,22956832,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,xBamax,"So Most games i play that start off with having to get wood and metals all kinda have the same end game yet we all get addicted to them. I have a bunch of crafter and city builders under my belt and this is by far the most addictive game i own. Once you Automate iron then go to copper wait we need copper wire and iron plates.... ok done wait we need red science pack and hours later you are still going at it! #WORTH it is well worth the money plus more and i haven't even gotten to the mulitplayer yetAlso I don't have the best computer so i was afraid with all the moving parts and such it would drag down the memory and OMG was i wrong it runs like a charm, however if you are still scared try the demo then upgrade because your progress will be transfered automatically no puns intended ha"
76561197998627603,Recommended,427520,22954567,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Newsocks,One of the most addicting games I have ever played.
76561198087428155,Recommended,427520,22429205,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,trinebrondbo,"If you are lost, keep the tutorial open in the start of the game. Helps alot..Go to wiki, write ALL the commands down, helps alot.. Wiki is your friend.Look at ALL youtube videos, helps alot... Youtuber guys are awesome, tried to build the factory like you, but my factory looks like a earthquake..Dont give up, I havent, and that says alot...Awesome game, but I`m missing an easy multiplayer mod. The ""enter ip adress and port""♥♥♥♥♥♥ what the **** is that? For us non computer nerds it have been easier to just have servers full of people, pick one game, enter that game.I`m still learning the basics, like how to build a stone oven, but its just me. (edit: stone oven reqiures 5 stone, who knew) Me, the not much brainy human..Overall: 10/10The game is killing me, but I just cant stop playing...."
,Recommended,427520,24624779,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,hotshot7689,"Great game, I would highly suggest it."
76561198289561024,Recommended,427520,24625115,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,NotAPerson,This game will control your life... #I'mAddictedSendHelp!
76561198079851411,Recommended,427520,24629732,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,YEEhad,"Probably one of the best games on steam, moddable and not even finished yet! It's the third highest rated game on steam. Would recommend to anyone!"
76561198062777882,Recommended,427520,24627940,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Murrin,"I don't usually have the patience for extensive crafting, but this game is different; it requires you to really think hard on how to assemble all the parts and place them in such a way that you use your space effectively. I'm not overly enthusiastic about the 'aliens', though, who just rush upon you, too quickly to see properly what they are anyway, but in free play you can make them non-existent - if you want to just quietly build rather than shoot, but that's entirely up to you. All in all a very addictive game which makes you think about how to do things even with your PC off."
76561198067236683,Recommended,427520,24554718,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JoeJoeJoeBob,"As of writing this it is 5:08 in the morning, i have been playing over an hour this morning, you will lose sleep if you get sucked into this game, other than that it is incredibly fun and well worth the money to buy factorio,  you can go from a small group of coal burning drills to a sprawling industrial complex in sometimes days, with the addition of more formal mods the game becomes infinantley more complex in every aspect."
,Recommended,427520,24553810,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,KingDeath,진짜 이거 안사면 무슨겜을 살 수 있겠음?ㄹㅇ 정가주고 샀는데(2016년 7월기준 군바리) 하나도안아까움. 휴가 때 이거했는데 ㄹㅇ 진짜 휴가가 아깝지 않다.
,Recommended,427520,24550993,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Michishi,it's addictive and a blast.
76561198138822042,Recommended,427520,24601400,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Matthew,If your ever addicted to something it should be this game
76561198167883289,Recommended,427520,24455821,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wraith,They need to make the server joining via steam because its way too complex
,Recommended,427520,24454960,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,PRIMZY,"It looks unatractive at first, but once you get into it, it takes you over! 10/10 game, infinite possiblities and challenges."
,Recommended,427520,24449405,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sun Tzu,"If you like chopping down trees, mining ore and/or crafting things by hand, factorio will show you why you are wrong. I love this game."
76561198023923790,Recommended,427520,24451677,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Stars My Destination,"Just a quick warning really to anyone thinking about getting this game. There is currently no steam intergration, so in order to play multiplayer you will need to use a third party system, which, frankly, is a pain in the a**. Even then, I could not get it to work. So while my own experience was fairly negative, perhaps others will have more success.That said, the single player is very addictive and I recommend this game on that fact alone :)"
76561198153586290,Recommended,427520,24473942,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Spartan112,"I do like the factory style and how you can progress, a little slow at the start but thats to be expected and the ailens show up and kill everything you love but then you kill them then your stuff is gone but oh well also if you know nothing about this I recommend looking at some guides because it get very complicated."
76561198007069182,Recommended,427520,24472558,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Vendetta,"This is one of the best games I've played in awhile, and it's not even completed yet. The tutorial alone took me like 20 hours.Oveall it's a great game. Buy it before it gets released for real."
,Recommended,427520,22139481,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Xx_Unima_xX,i bought this game two hours ago i swear i dont know what happened.
76561198320865857,Recommended,427520,24566079,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ScareCrow6911,"Great game, highly recommend."
76561198172434169,Recommended,427520,24608687,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DragonHarrier,"Great Factory building game. Ultimate goal....to build a confusing and elaborate factory to build a rocket to escape the planet. Build everything, automate everything. to do this game right you need a good brain, or a youtube tutorial."
76561198044918409,Recommended,427520,24605287,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nick Grip,"I don't usually post reviews. However, if what you see in the videos/screenshots intrigues you. it's safe to buy it!"
,Recommended,427520,24607903,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,birthday,Surprisingly in-depth
76561198135886828,Recommended,427520,24607911,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,renholder76,Love it!
76561198025309116,Recommended,427520,27596479,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mrgloveeater,10/10 would buy crack againplayed 13 hours in the first 24 I had the gameI have learned the spaghetti arts
,Recommended,427520,27577710,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,eggy_ramen,"Amazing game, very addicting, this game will keep you saying ""5 more minuites"" for hours."
76561198032774545,Recommended,427520,27574335,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Have a Nice Day,"Fun game, big time sink."
76561198022867071,Recommended,427520,27614617,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ghost of Zero,Can Build Factories 10/10
,Recommended,427520,27614666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,seano5671,Go from not knowing what the ♥♥♥♥ your doing to playing for so long you dont know what time it is any more
,Recommended,427520,27633944,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jack,"I dont normally write reviews for games but this game deserves it. This game is so addictive, especially when you play with others. One of the best games i've played"
76561198082738655,Recommended,427520,27634423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Anous,It`s an awsome wich my friend and I bought and now we have so much things automated.
,Recommended,427520,27630924,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,『亡き』,The best factory tycoon ever made. Game devs - take notes.
,Recommended,427520,27631140,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Psyking26,Really fun but tricky game. Trying to optimise... damn
,Recommended,427520,27631347,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ｌｉｎｋ∞ｕｓ,10/10
76561198018970323,Recommended,427520,27634643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Troopy,"Hands down one of the best games I played in a while.But it seriously messes up your social life, so you wannaask your family/friends to check on you from time to time.Pro:great devsmanage and do stuff in so many different waysalready with vanilla you can spend many hoursmod support and awesome mod communitywith mods you can get a whole new game.... for freeCon:time machine; start a 7pm... uh, it's morning already...?your family and friends will wonder what's happened to youyour significant other will probably leave you"
,Recommended,427520,27698130,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Closingdevotee,"A great game if you like automating systems and linking different processes together to create a bigger project. There is a puzzle aspect to it when trying to expand and bring products together due to space but, when it does come together, it's a great feeling of relief. I definitely would reccomend this to those who don't mind a bit of a challenge weaved within a generally easy-to-play game.Also, those who say there is no end game, clearly haven't looked very far into the game as there is an end goal:building a rocket"
,Recommended,427520,27698133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brandonhotdog,"This game is extremely addictive. There are no limitations and you can build the biggest factories you could imagine. If you've played Tekkit on Minecraft and liked it you will love this game. Otherwise, you'll still probably like it but it may take a little longer to understand the game's mechanics.My only issue with the game is that it can be very challenging to automate things without materails running out fast and I usually end up copying a design of the internet but that's likely just a personal issue as I've seen others not get this problem."
76561198047199503,Recommended,427520,27696085,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kirbz,"If efficiency means anything to you, you will love this game! There is always portions of your assembly line to rework. It is still in early access so my only complaint will probably get fixed, but there's very little information telling you how the more complex features of the games work, like circuits and flying robots. I had flying robots sitting around doing nothing forever before I discovered how the base stations worked."
76561197979625524,Recommended,427520,27695792,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brett,I game that always deserves more time. But alas this is never enough.
,Recommended,427520,27697210,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jdno,"""Just 5 more minutes"" has turned into 150 hours. This is a good game."
76561198005626458,Recommended,427520,27652568,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Darkhart,Conveyor belts. Trains. Loader arms. Assembling machines. Logistics robots. So many things to automate. It is too easy to build and then just watch the insanity operate for hours.
,Recommended,427520,27668157,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alt,6am already???
,Recommended,427520,27664421,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CohoJET,"""It's not like i need to prepare for this exam anyway."""
,Recommended,427520,27666488,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Toki,Just..need...5...more....minutes....1 hr later....
76561198106830909,Recommended,427520,22888405,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rho,"I do not recommend it to people with attention-deficit disorder. I think I screamed when several furnaces started to ran out of fuel at the same time, stoping my entire production.10/10 Buy it."
11111111111711111,Recommended,427520,22748418,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,omegaboss2,This game is worth every penny! The only thing I don't care for is the campaign reseting your inventory every mission. I recomend it because the freestyle mode is so addicting that I cannot stop playing.
76561198295141504,Recommended,427520,22846629,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheUlti,"Wirklich gutes Spiel, macht Spaß und ist nicht zu leicht. Kann ich nur jedem Empfehlen der solche Arten von Spielen mag"
,Recommended,427520,22846784,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tyden,Who needs a life when you've got factorio...10/10 would waste life again
,Recommended,427520,22846920,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kenwrath,a relaxing game that goes at your own pace
76561198168915766,Recommended,427520,22847026,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheRPGKid,amazing game love textures automation is so satisfactorio.
76561197971872842,Recommended,427520,22847306,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Riph,"Tons of fun.  If you enjoy production chains, Factorio probably does it best.  Combat is basic, but you won't mind because expanding and optimizing your base is so enjoyable.This is an early access game which I feel is worth the price even if development stops tomorrow.  The fact that updates are still coming regularly means I can give it my strongest recommendation."
,Recommended,427520,22869335,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,t(o.o)t,"I've played for 10+ hours, half of the tech tree unlocked, runnin about with a tank terrorizing the locals.  The game is fantastic, it's addicting and a heck of a time sink.  It is also a little repetative, and that's where I think it's downfall is.  Make a production line for everything, need something new? Make a production line, have an infinite supply of said item.  New upgrade? Make an assembly line. New weapons? Make an assembly line. Build a rocket and get off the planet? Good luck  I don't know if I'm gonna try.The alien AI is rather bland, make em angry enough and they'll send a wave to poke at your walls, mabee get close enough to mess up a transport belt, so far I've not seen a full scale attack, and from the looks of the map, they don't rebuild, repopulate, or expand to try and encroach and destroy you, but I've only played one map for 15 hours.I've been playing alone, so my experience is somewhat limited, I'm sure adding players would add variety to what's going on, whether it's colaberation or competition, but playing alone has become a little repetitive.  At least I've got my army of logistics drones to keep me company. If there were a rating system I'd give a 7/10, the game has potential."
,Recommended,427520,30770499,Posted: 27 March,all,Kahnabbis,"Factorio is the best $20 I have ever spent on a game. The learning curve is steep, but this game makes you want to learn it... In my career field (robotics and industrial automation) I am looking for ways to make thing more efficient, and playing this game is not only fun, but it is realistic in the sense that it helps people understand logistic system, production systems, waste, all that good stuff.  I have logged 150 hours on Factorio so far, and I am still not fully aware of all the possibilities with the game.  The worst part of the game is the addictiveness.... not only can I play for endless hours, but I find myself thinking of ways to improve my factory while I'm not playing. I have actually woke up in the middle of the night and laid awake thinking of what I wanted to get accomplished! Look if you are taking the time to read the countless positive reviews and wondering if you spend the $20 (it NEVER goes on sale) just spend it. If you like the idea of building a highly automated factory, and defending it from aliens then this is for you. Likely the most intriguing and addictive game I have ever played."
76561197961993247,Recommended,427520,22870935,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bizbone3,Bought it play it now I am hook. One problem .. still trying to figure out what hell is going on in this factory.
76561197969390927,Recommended,427520,22903185,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Superstylin,26 hours later... it's only begun... would recommend!
,Recommended,427520,25155424,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Alfonso Matador,"Now that I have played it to fullest, I decided to give it a non-joke review.PROS:- Has a demo (!!!)- Optimization is top-notch- Tons of mods- Great multiplayer experience (as of 0.14.x)- Really high replayabilityCONS:- No HD graphics (yet)- Combat is imbalanced- Some game mechanics require out-of-game researchFactorio is a sandbox puzzle game in which you try to make a fully-automated factory, with a small mix of survival (optional). You gather resources with your mining drills, transfer them through conveyor belts, smelt them into intermediate products, then use those products to make actually useful procuts, and use those products to make more advanced products. Further into the game, you can make trains to transport said resources from far away outposts and deliver them to other parts of your base. Then a bit more later, you will have logistics and construction drones that automate maintenance of your factory by doing things like transporting items, fixing broken things, and building stuff.However, there will be obstacles in your way. You will eventually run out of resources and will have to venture far into the wilds where creatures known as Biters await. They form hives of varying sizes and are usually found near patches of resources. If your make too much pollution, they will swarm your factory and destroy everything in it, making defenses a necessity. However, as this is a sandbox game, you have the option to enable ""peaceful mode"", whichi causes biters to behave and not attack your base out of the blue.The best part about this is the *very* active modding community. There are mods that improve the sandbox experience, make the game more complicated than it currently is, or even make biters very threatening. You can pretty much customize your own Factorio experience to suit your tastes.Oh, and I almost forgot about multiplayer. Factorio allows you to play with your friends and even online with other people. It even has dedicated servers! Some servers even manage to reach 400+ players at the same time. Factorio lends itself to multiplayer due to its ""role"" driven nature. It's good fun to play with friends and assign them different tasks such as who will manage the train, expand the smelting, handle base defenses, etc.The ever-expanding mega-factory and the continuous problem solving is what sold the game for me and for $20, this game is totally worth it.Original Review: ""Start Factorio an hour before dinner and you're sure to lose weight."""
76561198091132805,Recommended,427520,25773862,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,bean,Pro: A great game.Con: There aren't enough hours in the day!Easily worth the $ in my opinion.
,Recommended,427520,21954239,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,aztek,"dont get upsetti, build more spaghetti"
,Recommended,427520,25764411,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,mode rtz,Stop whatever you are doing and start building factories!
,Recommended,427520,25689974,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,thahajemni,"Great game, but I can't get it to work on Ubuntu 16.04 (Linux 4.4). Both the version from Steam and the version from the devolopers website failed to load properly. The one from the website doesn't load the sound and got stuck at 98% while loading. The Steam copy doesn't want to start at all. Please fix, I like the game and I really don't want that 20EUR going to the garbish tray at all!While I got this error: the game in general is great. Finnally a game where you have to use your brain and where you really have to sove problems. 8.5/10 from me. Reccommended!"
76561198271884013,Recommended,427520,25700682,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Unfairknight2,This is the best game ive played in a while but now i cant update the game because of a disk read error. If anyone can help Please do. Just know the errors and things that can mess up.
76561198066022068,Recommended,427520,23474824,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"Amazing & extremely well thought out.Tutorial is very well done. The game is easy to get into and seems to have an enormous amount of depth.The deeper you go into the tech tree the more you realize the potential of the game and the more you realize how flawed your current setup is. Its a constantly battle to continually improve efficiency. The more you can automate a process the more you can focus on the next big step.The sense of danger in this game really steps things up. The music is wonderful and ominous. Alien attacks start off small but grow in size and strength. You have no choice but to get your base protected and start exploring out and taking out any enemies you find.This game is just fantastic and if the screenshots look interesting to you, buy it. It is really that good."
76561198166094552,Recommended,427520,25744648,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,irontom10,F***ING Amazing!!!!!!!!!!! it needs some sort of nuclear power like a nuclear boiler or something
,Recommended,427520,30879199,Posted: 1 April,all,sin(π),This game is too addictive.
76561198065476921,Recommended,427520,25733444,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,logicaloctopus,"What the heck is this? Some resurrection of an 80s game? The interface looks ancient. Pre windows DOS style but with much better resolution. I thought these 2D style economy games were a thing of the past. Whoever invented this game is completely insane, was probably committed the day it was released. I bet they were awake for 10 weeks at a time during development. Theres so many conveyor belts all over the place and so many different machine parts to make I have no idea what I even need to build next."
76561197999991092,Recommended,427520,25731474,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RosenVitae,"TL;DR: You get what you see.PS; I like trains. I like tanks. I like fire. Lots of fire!--This kind of game proves that beathtaking graphics aren't necessary for a great gameplay. Pixilated games can have real charm, and Factorio is one of those.Replayability depends on personality (and tenacity). I found myself having had enough ""for now"" after ""only"" 200 hours, which is approx. one complete playthrough (with a few maps before it where mistakes were made and decided on a clean slate)."
,Recommended,427520,25732959,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ctrl alt del u,"30 hr's on record within 2 days... this is worse then any idlegames addiction wise.What a bloody amazing game, especially for Early Access.The only flaw that is annoying (and ive encountered so far) is that the belt system tends to bug up sometimes (not properly dividing stuff to both sides). (Havent gotten Robots to move/build stuff yet so maybe that fixes it)But yeah. Mindblown... probably the best game ive bought in years... and its beta lol"
76561198202967944,Recommended,427520,30878174,Posted: 1 April,all,Willkimm98,Definately worth buying but not the best replayability
,Recommended,427520,25710569,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Best Username Ever,This is a great game . The multiplayer is fun and is also great to play by yourself.
,Recommended,427520,25711648,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Wadsworth,automate the automation
,Recommended,427520,25718101,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pr0n,This game is underserving of the Early Access designation. They don't add features that aren't complete and bugs are squashed very quickly before the next set of content comes out which happens regularly. The only negative I can give it is that it's a bit easy in the survival aspect once you understand how to build your base.I highly recommend this game if it's even remotely in your wheelhouse.
76561198139880421,Recommended,427520,30872863,Posted: 1 April,all,Little Guy csgoroll.com,"I only have 10 hours on this game atm and all I can say is that this game is absolutely stunning. At the state that it's in, it's surprisingly fun and addictive.ProsTRAINSLoads to researchAddictiveWell worth $20ConsLack of Objectives"
76561198021960460,Recommended,427520,21616548,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Archon Toten,Not another survival crafting early access....Ohh there is a demoAlright it's minecraft with the buildcraft/Industrialcraft mods on the commandos game engine.300+ Hours later....Still playing
,Recommended,427520,27094302,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Palanator,Yes
,Recommended,427520,27125261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wing,Just one more minute......Is that the sun?
76561198009652718,Recommended,427520,25383761,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,maximus258,"Not many game make me want to play it 300+ hours, and not give up!"
,Recommended,427520,22861232,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Neon-NS,"A unique kind of construction and resource management game. Watch as your simple starting designs evolve into complex masterpieces as you expand your factory, discover new technologies, and design your factory in ways that make it automatically produce the materials and objects you require. The natives however will not take kindly to your exploitation of their planets resources and the pollution you emit into their air, And they will respond with force in an effort to demolish your factory, luckily you can build gun turrets or lasers to fend off attacks from these aliens and even gear yourself up to assault their bases to acquire their alien artifacts.During my first successful free play game in Factorio, i enjoyed seeing how my factory had evolved from simple burner machines to complex electrified assembly lines and oil refineries. A little difficult to understand at first, but overtime you get the hang of it and succeed in a world where automated factories are the key to victory"
,Recommended,427520,25378884,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,FelixD,Can no longer hold down the right mouse button.10/10 Would buy new mouse.
,Recommended,427520,25378669,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ViDs,BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197967143699,Recommended,427520,25402774,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Dracken,Excellent game. Really addictive and fun to play. If you like crafting games go for it!!!!
76561198119537995,Recommended,427520,25403018,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,lscraft2001,npc more turret more moster
,Recommended,427520,25470431,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dr. Cookie C. Monster,A great game under active development.  It is my hope the dev's keep up or even expedite their good work.
,Recommended,427520,25429011,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Krit P.,Good
76561198040143879,Recommended,427520,25429126,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Wisedumb,You are waiting for something?fear not! time travel is here! just open the game and boom! 10h have passed
,Recommended,427520,25432023,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Maika,amazing.
,Recommended,427520,25437583,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pancakeface101 PUBG,I think im talking for everyone that has played and thoght its gunna be bad 80 hours later holy **** that was soo good well worth the money!11\10
,Recommended,427520,25436451,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Crow,"If the nerd inside you besg you to try the game after you watch the trailer video, then you'll definitely sink hours in to this excellent but life-destroying game."
76561197992784433,Recommended,427520,25436496,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,jediru2,Great logic thinking/ building game
,Recommended,427520,25443843,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Dextano,Didn't eat or drink for seventeen hours10/10 would recommend for serious dieters looking to lose hundreds of pounds
76561197975218065,Recommended,427520,25450825,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Defektiv,"I thought going in this game would not appeal to me because on the surface it looked too shallow, with a limited graphics style and a top-down approach. And underneath the hood it seemed too complex, a machine-maker for those that really wanted to scale up their experience but maybe a little too much for my general gaming tastes. I was wrong. While the graphics are simplified and pixelate when zoomed in, and the technology can get overwhelming to try and wrap your head around the first time through, it plays out relatively smoothly. There's a large tech tree, a large world to work with, enemy pressure and complex logistic issues you'll need to engineer your way through to progress to the next key products in your chains. And you don't even feel obligated really to pursue a single path. There is an overall goal you're pushing for but there's a lot you need to do between start and then, and you can generally take your time, think and build your way through it without even needing to pause the game."
76561198028500429,Recommended,427520,22780790,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Cheff,"My dear friend's, play this ******* game!!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,22777069,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nearstars,Haven't been this excited since Civilisation came out 20+ years ago. A brilliant and original new strategy game with incredible depth and repeat playability. Thoroughly recommend for anyone who loves strategy.
76561198028784316,Recommended,427520,22809578,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rikisa,Send raw fish via rocket into space... took me merely two straight days. Game says raw fish wasn't a satelite... ♥♥♥♥ you game. Don't tell me what to send into space!
76561197972007594,Recommended,427520,22807042,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Imhotep,If you know transport tycoon And you like that game this is a must have...This game is a mix of.- Transport tycoon dl- Tower defencei miss the option to sell what i make :-)
76561198278723881,Recommended,427520,22810034,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,rlnsibley,This game is addicting and fun
,Recommended,427520,22810147,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,taytortot,"Factorio is an extremely addicting resource management game. The goal is to automate all tasks in the game. And with the game's mechanics, you can automate anything in game.The multiplayer works flawlessly. Building a base and factories with friends online is one of the most satisfying experiences of the game. I highly recommend this game."
76561197962585872,Recommended,427520,22809732,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,CC | Amantla,"191.7hrs on record, The game is good."
,Recommended,427520,22753201,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,OneShotWeeb,"This game has been lovingly made and it really shows. It's all so intricate and everything flows smoothly once you get it going and the experience is incredibly rewarding. I've only just scratched the surface of this this game with 10 hours and I can't wait to see just how big my factory will become.No disappointments here and is well worth the full price of £15, I've recently told my friend about this so me and him will build a new monster soon! Just be prepared to stay indoors for the next few weeks..."
,Recommended,427520,22766451,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,trezker,"Works great for any personality, as long as you like to build stuff.It's easy if you so wish. Just keep building, it'll be a mess but it doesn't matter.Or you can try to make it beautiful and efficient. Plan and look up other players designs.Adversity by means of biters is optional. I like to play without them because they interrupt when I want to just relax and build stuff. The alien science mod is needed if you don't want to mess around with killing aliens.I can play for hours, there's always more to build. I just need to fix this little issue, which means I have to fix that other thing first and then there's that other objective and I wanted to expand this area too..."
76561198079844311,Recommended,427520,22766472,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Pricey,10/10 would cancer again
,Recommended,427520,22768385,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Nath042|YT,This game ruined my life..I love it!
,Recommended,427520,22765938,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Totems,"This is a very nice game. Addictive, wel tought, Nice mods. Wish I bought it sooner"
76561198006573012,Recommended,427520,22774418,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nekryz,"I really enjoyed playing this game.In Factorio, you collect resources to build machinery. You use said machinery to automate resource collection, and machinery production.  Along the way you build defenses to keep your factory safe, and eventually venture out to combat alien creatures in order to collect resources for more advanced pieces to finally build a rocket.  That may seem like a very broad description, however there are dozens of little nuances and tech possibilities.It is multiplayer capable, however, at the time of this review, I would say its not exactly the easiest thing to set up. Although, I would say once you've figured it out, it's a great multiplayer experience, with everyone working together to pool resources, build intertwining resource distribution, and defending your super factory.The modding community seems pretty active, as is the community for this game."
,Recommended,427520,22771314,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Pankes,Spent 40 minutes on a tutorial level
76561198046419680,Recommended,427520,22771514,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,acadey,"This game is awesome. I don't even know what I have built, but it has a life of its own!"
76561198060440137,Recommended,427520,22775868,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,a4004,Recommend
76561198030172638,Recommended,427520,22769657,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,W1ll0w,"""Sh*t I have to be at work in an hour"""
,Recommended,427520,22773743,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Corpus,"I had it all. A working factory, order, safety. My life was finally starting to make sense. Then, in a rolling cluster♥♥♥♥ my life shattered around me. My trains ran out of coal, my coal storage ran out and thus my power, and thus my defenses.The aliens knew this day would come, they have been waiting for the exact moment... they came... they came in droves. It was the perfect storm. It was only through blood and sweat that I managed to scrape through, my factory in ruins. Yes I have rebuilt, but the scars will forever remain.I now live in a concrete prison and the enemies continue to evolve. The reckoning is coming, and I am not prepared."
76561198012821328,Recommended,427520,22775206,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,The Unfettered,"Do you like micromanagement? Base building? Does the glorious sight of several dozen meticulously laid out supply lines producing everything you could possibly need for said base building, so you don't have to do it by hand, make you beam with pride?If so, Factorio is an excellent game. I for one find myself losing track of the hours quite easily while playing this little gem. For me personally, it's proven to be one of the best in the genre in quite a few years. It's a bit complicated, but a little reading of the wiki here and there is enough to point you in the right direction when something is new and confusing. Excellent game that I'd recommend to anyone who's ever enjoyed a base-building RTS or a Minecraft-like."
,Recommended,427520,22775276,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,drummerdude 64,"Well lets be honest , its amazing , if you like any form of conquest game with as much challange as you want this is basically it . enough said .buy it stop reading and buy it already"
76561198040977702,Recommended,427520,28001037,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kvicken,"I can't really put my finger on what it is that makes me play and watch streamers play Factorio.It can drag me in and keep me up all night.""I'm just going to complete this small task over here..."""
,Recommended,427520,28001140,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Serri3,"Great game from a dedicated set of developers. They are constantly working to improve the game while keeping bugs to a minimum. I wish there was a little more deviation lategame other then maxing item income or creating the largest factory possible. Besides that though, learning the intricacies of this game and how to most efficiently create factories is a metagame in and of itself. Probably one of the biggest time sinks of a game as you shoot for the achievement of firing off a rocket in under 8 hours but absolutely possible to achieve. Not for those who are easily distracted though. With so many things to build and format, it is easy to get side tracked from your original goal(s)."
76561198038746050,Recommended,427520,28014083,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Griggs,One of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,427520,28014239,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Grubber,I started playing this on Tuesday. Next thing I knew it was Sunday
76561198064254090,Recommended,427520,28011782,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Audacious Apple,"It would seem a game with very few in game objectives would be a turn off, but Factorio gives the player so many tools to create such amazing that it deosn't bother me a bit. I can finally achieve my dream of constructing a factory able to produce enough incendinary weapons to burn the world twice over. Oh that's dark...... This is a Good Game!"
76561198003683554,Recommended,427520,28012754,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Yodd!.,"Don't like trees?, then buy this game"
,Recommended,427520,28012963,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BurntTech,"Early ReviewI didn't buy this game to start because I knew I would love it.... Then I bought it, well time is flying out the window. On to the game basic gameplay of gathering resources and crafting. You mine by using a pickaxe... or use devices to gather those for you. Using a good size tech tree you can upgrade tech to allow you to built items to help you expand your building operations. Using automation buildings allows you make items and send them down the line. I found the campaign started you off with a bit of too much debt in broken down bases so far. The alot of detail put into making items was alot but not too complicated. I like the aliens don't ruin the fun of building, this was key to starting to like the game. I really do like the aliens as I feel like it gives the game more of a end game type of play to it. Multiplayer was perfect topping to this game, as it allows a good co-op feel for getting a building operation going. I to worried about the game being to much fun.Graphics are to be expectedSound is pretty goodGameplay is borderline perfectNo more time for reviews at the moment, more playing"
,Recommended,427520,28013395,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xarabydun,Simply amazing.  Best $20 ever spent.
76561198042186069,Recommended,427520,21470546,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,CanofSpam4u,This is a game where you are on an alien world and you destroy the environment by scrapping the land of resources and pollute the air while the native creatures try to stop you from destroying their home.11/10
76561198012830812,Recommended,427520,28013660,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Erasmus,"""just 5 more minutes"". If you saw the trailer and this looks remotely interesting, get it. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,427520,23779341,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheMadYeet,"In my first few days i was addicted.  9/10 for loveI will not forget starting my factory and seeing it built in game replay mode.  It was amazing, the learning curve is incredible, and the factory can always improve.keep building..."
,Recommended,427520,27999566,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Arm,I've been playing this for HOW LONG!?
,Recommended,427520,28003941,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AMurderofWolves,Amazing
76561198024980355,Recommended,427520,28004366,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fforde,"Definitely a ""one more thing to do before quitting"" type of game, endless optimisation, expansion and repeat. Oh, and some over-sized cockroaches to squash too"
,Recommended,427520,28002916,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ertik,"I have watched this game go from basic to more and more advanced. There are still things i dont understand, but the game is great for those who dont mind the somewhat pixaled graphics and a large amout of things to build, mine, and kill.i will continue to play this game. both with and without mods........the mods are great too!!!"
76561197976560809,Recommended,427520,28004614,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cocoa.,"One of the most deep and satisying games I have played. A game about conveyor belts, about automation and systems. Fundamentally, a game about plundering the planet's resources and killing its inhabitants in pursuit of production in ever greater quantity through increased efficiency and brute force expansion.In every game, where there once was a vague plan to the factory, soon enough a tangled mess of conveyors, inserters and assemblers erupts, as bottlenecks are discovered and improved. The beautiful chaos that can result after tens of hours of building out a factory is a sight to behold. Expand outward to gather more resources, improve the main factory to cope: tear it down, and rebuild it better.To the right person, this will provide hours and hours of entertainment and challenge."
,Recommended,427520,27807003,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Renenver,Bug Vs Train Simulator 2016
,Recommended,427520,28130763,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,michiganred,"Short Review for this game:Start in another land with basic resources after your rocket crashed. Now build a rocket back. Through that journey, you will make many machines and factories. 10/10Longer Review for this game:When I started this game, I found it a tad complicated. As I continued into the game, I realized that it was fun, easy, but took time. With mods and commands to provide a ""sandbox"" world and provide much more items, this game really spreads its wings on the story. A simple lore, but a good lore. Final Verdict:10/10"
,Recommended,427520,28130989,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,squf,good game for simulating autism
,Recommended,427520,28063402,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,khenry330,So addictive~~good game for training Micro-Management
,Recommended,427520,23041903,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,blobBIT,"Very solid factory building game. You can feel the love and work behind it.Factorio is already one of the best management games out there, if not the best."
76561198036064461,Recommended,427520,28127688,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GottaBeYoung,"The best $20 I think I've ever spent for entertainment of any type. If you are into building things and want to always make things more efficient/quicker/better, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,427520,28124421,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tazshalis,This game is just freakin fun!!!There is so much to learn and do and playing with aliens keeps you on your toes at all times.10/10 - top of it's class and many nights pleasantly sunk into it
76561197977340758,Recommended,427520,28125576,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Odin,"totally worth to buy even in early access, so it will just get better"
,Recommended,427520,28134286,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Donald Jong-un,A damn fine game indeed. Highly recommended!
76561197966453931,Recommended,427520,28139843,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DamJ.NeT,"Amazing game ! Started giving it a try at 10pm, realised I needed to go to bed at 4am. This game has so many appeals, survival, everything in the world is player made, it's incremential, bit of RPG, ressource management, problem solving... Too good to be true.People should know factorio have no sales tho, so don't wait for nothing, buy it right now !I myself always wait for sales to get games... Well this one is an exception and deserve the asking price hands up ! You'll get many many many more hours of enjoyement than many AAA games worth 60 bucks."
,Recommended,427520,28105041,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,worrboss,"Fun and challenging, it is insane how complex your factory gets so quickly. The campaign is fun but sandbox mode is really where its at. Tons of cool stuff you can build and set up, and a large wiki to help you along the way."
,Recommended,427520,28020783,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fishy_Fish,Don't buy this if you need your weekend because you won't get anything done IRL.
,Recommended,427520,28025279,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bullwinkle,goty 2016
,Recommended,427520,28025387,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,amijlee,"You build machines that build more machines. And then trains, and swarms of helper robots. And there is online co-op where you can ""accidentally"" kill your friends. What more do you need?I usually avoid early access games, but this game is already solid and will get even better. The developers are very active, regularly updating the game and the community."
,Recommended,427520,28022750,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AIRoadRunner,An awesome building game.
,Recommended,427520,28022224,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Polar Pandaz,This and Infinifactory and Minecraft and Don't Starve and Terraria ate years of my life. Definitely in my hall of fame. One of the most original and fun survival games.
,Recommended,427520,28018316,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Keno,"Build a messy factory at first run, it look so ugly I delete it.Build a beautiful factory at second run, it so slow I delete it.Build third factory with line of material, not so optimal input and excess output so delete again.Build ugh... worst nightmare for OCD...."
,Recommended,427520,28018863,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TebTeb,"Great time waster,"
,Recommended,427520,28016906,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jo,awesome
76561198011795901,Recommended,427520,28019496,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tinyish,"I just need to setup this oil refinery before I quit for the night.But first I need to grab a few more iron plates to make some gears. While I'm on the way over there I realize that I could tweak this conveyor belt to slightly improve the flow of copper plates into the factory that's making copper wire and supplying it to electronic circuit factory. So I finish that modification and realize that now the copper wires are getting backed up and I could toss just one more assembler in to use up that wire and really get things moving, but to add that assembler I'll have to adjust the placement of the line that is bringing the auxilliary iron ore up to the smelter. So I re-route that iron ore line and upgrade it to an express belt while I'm at it and move some inserters so that I can run it right underneath my advanced chip assembler and in doing so I also need to relocate the mostly underground line that is bringing lubricant up from the chemical plant.  So I get that all finished and notice that my power level is slightly under par and hop over to shore that up with a new steam plant or two but I find that the water pressure is lacking in the lines so I add some extra off shore pumps to solve that issue.Now, why did I come over here again?"
,Recommended,427520,28019642,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Terabyte,Love it. Live it. now go buy it.
,Recommended,427520,28019756,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,computerdave,"Soo many hours in this game, and I've only had it about a year!  This is the kind of game you start out saying ""I'll just play for an hour.""  And then you look at the clock and it's been 6, 8, 10 hours!  So many facets to the game that each replay is different and presents the same challenges as new."
,Recommended,427520,28054563,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GimmeDatDonut,Don't be tricked by the other details. This is a game about trains. Soooooo many trains :D
,Recommended,427520,28053427,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SgtChief,Its aight
,Recommended,427520,24576387,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr_Jul_Energy,just buy it
76561198031287500,Recommended,427520,25412096,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hiro,"Highly recommended, given it is still in developement and already highly enjoyable. Must buy! While the combat is basic the element of base building and optimising if you wish is fantastic"
76561198000037225,Recommended,427520,25406024,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Calico_Jack,"I can't get enough of this game, and it's still unfinished with regular updates. If there's something you think is missing, there is an integrated mod system (that I personally have not yet used).I'd have bought it as is for how much I like it.If you like developing, improving, analyzing your base, your rail network, your circuit network, or hunting down bugs with a flamethrower: this is a great choice."
76561197968832009,Recommended,427520,25406358,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Schmaxwell,"I found that constructing your factory was very intuitive and did not require instruction to master.Combat is pretty uninspired, but then again, that isn't the draw to this game."
,Recommended,427520,25409746,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,mad3on,Addicting. Have you seen. The memes?
,Recommended,427520,25534707,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mazen,"One of the best ""Sim City"" Style games I've seen so far with an industrial twist and a comabt system. The crafting system is very intuitive and all dependencies are taken care of automatically(reminds me of linux). That means if component B requires 10 of item A to be crafted, you can queue Item B and automatically 10 of A will appear on the production queue.Very reasonably priced for what it offers.The tutorial is really well done and teaches quite a lot.The single player levels are quite nice and challenging.Very small space required (around 500 MB). It proves that you don't need the best grahics in the worlds to have an amazing game."
,Recommended,427520,25519716,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Neo09,"If you want to lose hours upon hours just messing with belts and machines this is the game for you, get ready to be addicted."
,Recommended,427520,25520241,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Tripshot,Pros:Regular updatesVery high replay valueExpansive tech treeEvolving difficultyEnemy varietyMultiplayer Co-opCons:Hours become secondsDays become hoursHigh divorce rate
76561198022149743,Recommended,427520,25553447,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Jombles,"Such a well done game for still being (very actively) developed. Weekly updates from the devs show more great things are yet to come for Factorio. Overall, this is absolutely worth its price. It's almost like mechanical programming with the way you manage inputs and outputs. However, your most important resource is time; you'll need a lot of it because it's hard to leave the Factorio world!"
,Recommended,427520,21654538,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Craftron,BEST GAME EVER. Get this game now! It is amazing!Pros:Awesome GamplayNot too shortLiterally everything - graphicsCons:Graphics arnt the best (in my opinion. I dont like this artstyle.)Literally my new favorite game of all time!
,Recommended,427520,21655203,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BeastMaster,"Its a really good game as long as you have a good computer. I tried to play this on my laptop but the lag made the game unplayable (this was when the graphics were all at the lowest setting and the map size was 100). Switching to my desktop did the trick though. In short, if you have a sub-par computer, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,427520,21655418,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dom13WorstNW,Somehow this game is both infuriating and extremely satisfying at the same time.
,Recommended,427520,21655440,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Suit One,"The best game I've ever played, and I've only touched the demo part. I love it, and playing with my friend makes it so much better."
76561198160453164,Recommended,427520,22106775,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Peu,To busy building my factory to think about an original review10/10
76561198254327952,Recommended,427520,22106795,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sr_Perezoso,I like that the game lets you build huge factories and you can still defend against the critters.
,Recommended,427520,22110878,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,El Chapo Polla,ofc
,Recommended,427520,21606923,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Mad_Onions,Game is addicting. Keeps moving forward and the challenges dont feel repetative.
,Recommended,427520,21607011,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,goose,"For a game that seems like it'd be incredibly complicated it all works very intuitively and as a result it won't be long until you create an ugly and huge monstrosity that may or may not resemble a factory. You will be disgusted by it, but you will be proud all the same.Strangely addicting."
,Recommended,427520,21607021,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,DeputyRawDog,"I bought this game 3 days days ago and I've already sunk 33 hours into it. I was skeptical at first, but for $20 I figured it was worth a shot. I was pleasantly surprised that the game reminded me of C&C: Red Alert, mixed with elements of minecraft. The game is very well balanced, and feels like a fully polished game despite being in early access. I didn't think it was going to have much of a survival aspect, but I quick;y found that it does. you'll find yourself being bombarded constantly from enemy AI. It's a lot more challenging than it looks, that's for sure. Be prepared to have your ""OCD"" kick in strong because your need to be organized is going to conflict with everything you do until you get it just right. Factorio is a solid 10/10 in my book."
76561198096029103,Recommended,427520,21646820,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,michaelrose93,This is an amazing game if you like strategy based micro management. Two thumbs WAAAY up!
76561197997528214,Recommended,427520,21646994,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Jagvidania,"Picks up where the promise of Minecraft disappointingly left off and ran straight over the hills and far away.I like everything about it. Everything. The graphics, simple top down sprites, are refreshingly simple and elegant in an era of overdesigned 3D clutter. The gameplay is intuitive and easy to learn, but challenging to master, a learning curve that truly hits the balance right.There are no negatives to this.No negatives.For a game not even out yet, in 2016, that is simply astonishing. That this game can only improve on its already solid base, and has plenty of mods (which I must admit honestly, I haven't tried yet, vanilla is currently sufficent) to boot, well, its incredible.I can see this being one of the best games of all time. Its already for me personally one of the best games of the decade.For the price, you can't possibly lose out. Get this game."
,Recommended,427520,21647328,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,flynnigan,"This game scratches the exact itch that SimCity once did. I love everything about it, and unreservedly recommend it to anyone to whom ""make your own rube goldberg machine"" sounds great. This is all I'm doing this weekend, and it's going to be the best."
76561197993622003,Recommended,427520,21643391,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bistavert,The base game is a ton of fun and there always feels like there is something to do. If you find yourself getting bored there are a metric ton of mods which have already been created for it.RSO (Resource Spawn Overhaul) Is one I would recommend.
76561198035231184,Recommended,427520,21643470,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,nogorose,Absolutely fantastic game.  This game is an amazingly simple concept extrapolated into a life-robbing addiction.Anyone who has given this game a negative review has deep seated emotional issues....and is probably also blind.10/10
,Recommended,427520,21643622,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Tekkionn,Awesome intricate build and defend game with endless designs and strategies to try.
,Recommended,427520,21644889,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Predxen,"Awesome game, tons of fun. well worth $20."
,Recommended,427520,21645296,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Chisky,"Well, there goes the next thousand hours of my life."
76561197973386238,Recommended,427520,21645552,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Protoxic,love it. it's a fantastic game. i play it with my friends and we have so much fun together.
76561197969694973,Recommended,427520,21504881,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,123,"Considering this is early access, I am impressed!So after 5 hours I was trying to work out the best way to get stuff done, moving goods between places, etc.After 21 hours I've managed to complete the one of the single player campaigns (up to and including plane mission).I'm not sure if they will extend this first campaign but 20 hrs is not bad considering the current price  of £15 :o)I've enjoyed it most of my time, the only exception when I get annoyed at how crap I've built my base, so that everything goes pete tong with my conveyor belts :( I am sure that with experience I can build things more efficiently and quickly.You feel a real sense of accomplishment when you get it all working smoothly.Now I'm going to move onto free play, and see what thats about! Maybe even multiplayer O_O halp"
,Recommended,427520,21643929,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,casul420,Timesink. no time for review.
,Recommended,427520,21644522,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The Red Dragon,"Loving this game. Ever since SimCity became too big for it's britches and went multiplayer, I've had to resort to Tropico for my fix. Factorio feeds both my desire for puzzle games and city building in one. Outstanding game! Just wish I had more time in the day so I could play even more."
76561198024654495,Recommended,427520,21646036,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,False Optimism,I just wish it was 3D.
76561197990209760,Recommended,427520,21646324,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,stone,"This is such a soothing game. I'm an engineer and after a day of work it's just great to casually design and this game allows you to do that. You're constantly thinking several steps ahead, and it is well paced, so no stage feels rushed or slow. I even enjoyed the tutorial, where you are introduced to the multi-step assembly lines, trains, fluid processing, and defense.This game has a lot of depth, but yet they still consider it early access, and they plan to add multiplayer later on. This will be my default strategy game for quite some time, and I encourage others to play it as well."
76561198008674674,Recommended,427520,22411670,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[THC] Rango,"I'm enjoying this game immensely, not to be underestemated by it's seemingly simplistic style."
76561198074643732,Recommended,427520,22408145,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,RushInNow,11/10 Would play 4 life
,Recommended,427520,22412179,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Kappa123 skinhub.com,"looked iffy, played it for an hour, got off, couldn't stop thinking about it, continued playing for hours,overall if you like fun buy this game"
76561198052789969,Recommended,427520,22412557,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Rannasha,"TLDR: Factorio is a great game for those who love sandbox ""tycoon"" style games. You can build assembly lines with a great deal of complexity and automation. It's not without flaws though, the endgame is a bit lacking and there are some rough edges. But for an early access game it's surprisingly feature-packed and, more importantly, stable.You start out with a very minimal amount of resources and armed with a mining pick you start to mine some ore. You build a smelting oven, to smelt the iron ore into plates. You build and place drills that automate the mining, powered by coal. Conveyer belts are added to take away the hassle of moving around resources manually. You add boilers and steam engines to generate electricity and to reduce the number of places you need to supply coal to. Finally you develop the machines to automate the construction of pretty much every object mentioned before. Powered by automated construction and logistics, your factory makes more and more advanced products until finally you build and launch ""the rocket"" to win the game.That's Factorio in a nutshell. It's a ""tycoon""-style game with a marvellous level of complexity that can be used. Starting with basic conveyer belts, you can end up with robots flying goods around and various conditions to enable or disable parts of the factory depending on, for example, the amount of a certain resource available. The complexity of the game does mean that it can be helpful to have the Factorio wiki open as a reference manual.While the game is in early access, it's rather complete and very stable. E.A. does mean that certain systems may receive significant changes in updates. The store page has a statement that the game will not be part of a sale for the foreseeable future and that together with the rounded price (as opposed to most publishers who price their game 1 or 5 cents below a round number to appear more attractive) speaks to the no-nonsense attitude of the developers.The game does have some rough edges. The endgame is fairly limited. Since almost all of the products produced by your factory are used to produce new machines (there are very few continuous ""resource sinks""), once you have unlocked all the tech and setup assembly lines for all products, your factory will essentially only create goods that you no longer need.There's a combat aspect where the factory is attacked by the local fauna, triggered by pollution generated by the factory, and where the player can move out to destroy enemy spawning bases. Destroying these spawners is required to obtain resources for many lategame research projects. The combat is not terribly interesting, but since attacking spawners can't be automated, it becomes a necessary lategame chore to obtain these highend resources.Ultimately, these flaws are minor and there's more than enough gameplay to keep you going for a long time, especially if you like to optimize the efficiency of your operation. And with the game still in E.A., there's undoubtebly more to come.Recommended."
,Recommended,427520,22409723,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Squarepusher,"'Humanity is a Virus', the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22399670,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Joe,Bought this 12-days ago and have played for 53 hours... the other 235 hours I wasted.
76561198152162417,Recommended,427520,22410547,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DeadLox,Fun game for people who like to be engineers who love killing aliens.
,Recommended,427520,22406768,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Private Slowpoke,Best $20 game I have ever played. Additing gameplay mixed with the satisfaction with any small step towards your quest of returning to your homeland.
,Recommended,427520,22410711,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ehzro3,Anoher achievement of homo ludens
76561198031469764,Recommended,427520,22411049,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,azalin,"At first the game didnt seem to be very impressive, however after a few hours of resource gathering and constant expansion of my production capabilities, this game shows its insidous nature...because something can be optimised, something expanded, and the ore field, its almost depleted, better hop into my car and see if I can find new resources to be exploited.Highly addictive and enjoyable!"
,Recommended,427520,22409378,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,John Centa,"This game is absolutley amazing. I deffinitely recomend this game if you love making automated machines to do all the hard work for you.extra points for being able to run over aliens with cars, tanks and trains"
76561198074289833,Recommended,427520,24899501,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Bright Phenom,10/10 alien artifacts
76561198129170586,Recommended,427520,22483807,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,007darth,"Wow! What an amazing game. Love playing through my own campaign, there is soooo much to do that I havnt reached yet, truly fun to play."
,Recommended,427520,30842178,Posted: 30 March,all,Carlos_H,"This... game... is... AWESOME! An endless time-sink - 308.6 hours down, and probably 100,000 more to go (that is not an exaggeration!)Without any mods: brilliant, but then add Bob's on and it turns into, literally, endless years of fun!The devs are forever updating, fixing and adding content. Can't wait for the 0.15 release...Anyway, I'll probably update this review again at a later date to be a bit more concise. For now, all you need to do is: BUY THIS GAME! Believe me, it's worth £15.00 (Or whatever the full price is in your country)."
,Recommended,427520,24579863,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,boringboredom,it's fun
76561198014429693,Recommended,427520,24897661,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,merlin,Mint game addictive
,Recommended,427520,23770764,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,truevox,"Wow. I don't know how to describe this in a way that SOUNDS good, but I promise, it IS good. It's a game of optimizing your space-factory for optimal production via an infinite world to sprawl said factory across (or just a few hundred feet - you can obviously build as big or not as you want). I mean, the idea of optimizing production lines isn't very thrill-inducing, so I can understand some trepedition. But try the demo - it's free, and tiny, and worth your time investment. Just don't blame me when it's 3am and you're wondering how tweaking a conveyerbelt full of iron to output slightly faster turned into 10 hours in the blink of an eye. Remember ""One More Turn"" from every Civ game ever? Yeah, this does that too (though, it's not turn-based, so it's not one more turn, but rather one more production line lol)"
76561198037347892,Recommended,427520,25008580,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,chuck,.
,Recommended,427520,22343734,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kraft Punk,"I wish I could give this game more than just a thumbs up. It's honestly one of the best game I've played in years, and it's still being developed by an extremely active and growing dev team. The trailers sum up what the game is about pretty well - massive-scale automation - but they don't really capture how immensely satisfying it is to get a new part of your factory working.If you get anywhere with this game, try and get trains running as soon as you possibly can - not because you need them necessarily, but because they make the game so, so much more fun. Having a massive rail network with dozens of trains fetching ores from across the world is amazing, and when you add this to automated networks of flying robot minions that construct, repair and ferry items around the map it gets better and better.This game is tailor-made for perfectionists - you can look online for perfect setups if you don't want to try yourself - there's a pretty big community of people with collossal bases and incredibly clever circuit setups that do stuff like playing Never Gonna Give You Up using lights and combinators only.Just beating the game ONCE took me 36 hours - and that's only on one file (since my first save was so disorganised and chaotic that I decided to just start again and make everything ultra-neat). There are a huge number of mods for this game - some of them add massive amounts of new content and change the game at its core. Some of them do stuff like making harder enemies appear or making new tiers of armour, while some (such as the Bob's Mods pack) completely reinvent the entire circuit setup, add nuclear power, wind turbines, orbital ion cannons, dozens of vehicles... The list goes on.The multiplayer works flawlessly - you can quite easily set up a server and play with as many friends as you want. The game scales infinitely like Minecraft does, so the only real limit is your computer!If you ever had fun with Minecraft, and ESPECIALLY if you ever had fun with any of the Technic Packs, this game is perfect for you. I can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,427520,24549206,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,stan,Very solid game to say the least.   I love this game!
76561198170153653,Recommended,427520,30840180,Posted: 30 March,all,StormStricer,Great game and has a awesome art design. Few bugs but im guessing that they will fix these hopefully soon.
,Recommended,427520,24762869,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,tomlinson.daniel,Be aware: This game is seriously addictive! It plays well and makes you think for a change.I would really recomend it!
,Recommended,427520,24762969,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,skusie,... and it runs on archlinux :D
,Recommended,427520,24783362,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CleanGnome,enjoyed much
76561197977926387,Recommended,427520,30841531,Posted: 30 March,all,SQUIP'd,"There's something about this game that is magical,  a beauty that lies hidden underneath the graphics and mechanics"
76561198083377117,Recommended,427520,24794044,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,blockmario,This Game is an Amazing Game and scince it is an early acsess Game There is More mazing Features to come!One of the things that facinates me it being Able create rail sestems and convader belt mazes!I defatily Reccomend this Game to every one!
76561198053675534,Recommended,427520,24789296,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sergal The Sergal,"Buy this if you're a fan of very retro-y Factory simulators. Also, if you do buy this game, be prepared to sign a deal with the devil to get your life back from this game. Be warned."
,Recommended,427520,30824295,Posted: 29 March,all,Sir Raven,">be me>a Sick enough that I can't go to classes.>At exactly 9:14 am, I see this game.>Think, ""Worth a try!"">downloaded game> plays for a bit.> ""Ok, time to sto- OH NO ALIENS!""> plays a bit more> ""Ok, NOW I'm do- OMG I can create cars!?!""> plays for a short amount of time, before I realize I have a test tomorrow.""> Saves game and jumps into bed.> Check my alarm clock to see if the alarm is set.> [3:00 AM]> Tfw you play a game that felt like an hour or so, but it was actually 18.I reccomend this game!"
76561198119567186,Recommended,427520,24928988,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,KeanDaKid,Such a brilliant game.
,Recommended,427520,27300657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I_Wizzer,My Life in Factorio1) Buys game2) Generates new world3) Runs around and finds alien base4) Dies5) Generates new world6) Begins Automating Coal/Iron/Copper production7) Aliens attack8) Dies10/10 Great game
76561197963210448,Recommended,427520,27302952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Velos,Its like meth but more addictive
76561198166399877,Recommended,427520,27297979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dirtweider,"Good Early Access experience. Developers are very responsive to community.This game is simple at a first glance, but complexity increases with your factory growth. One of the best sandbox games with unusual crafting system."
76561197961699422,Recommended,427520,27306718,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dj_p03t,"I as bored one month, and decided to play builder games. City builders mostly, sim city, banished etc. Then this game showed up somewhere. I dont remember if it was in a que or if i was just browsing the store or if it was on sale. Either way, I thought it looked at least worth 20 bucks and gave it a shot...THIS GAME HAS STOLEN MY SOUL!!!If you like puzzles, if you like building things, designing them or at least figuring out how to fix them, this is the perfect game for you. its a puzzle that you build and design yourself. it develops problems (mainly issues like ""I need more iron plates being produced per minute to keep up with demands"" or ""Crap the aliens destroyed my mining field again"") that you have to fix. there is always a better way to build something. I started over about 100 times before i ever beat the game the first time because i figured out a better more effiicient design for a particular part, but didnt have space for it because of lack of forethought and i thought it would be better to start over with this in mind instead of tearing down half the factory to make it work.be warned this game is a highly addictive, strategic, logistics NIGHTMARE and i love every minute of it!!!"
,Recommended,427520,26531170,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sparkyman₂₁₅,"Awesomely addicting. There's just so much stuff to do, and you always have things to improve. I have a ton of mods installed to make the experience even better. basically:I need to get red circuit production going to start science 3 research... but I then need to set up plastics and more battery production which means more oil and sulfur production... oh sh*t i need more iron but the starting ore patch is not cutting it so I need to go find some which means setting up trains which means making a sh*tload of rails and engines and stack inserters and then making it into a effecient train loading/unloading station...♥♥♥♥♥♥i need more iron10/10 absolutely amazing. Be sure to get the WaiTex texture mod, it makes everything HD and gorgeous."
,Recommended,427520,27304155,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,'norabseven,I've lost months to this game and i planned to only play for 5 mins............ damn
76561198072698942,Recommended,427520,27073946,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Milkshake_,"This game is like crack, I keep wanting to play more of this game.10/10"
76561198063273645,Recommended,427520,27072829,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bazaa,Wish I'd made this game.
,Recommended,427520,27071577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[FURHQ] Mitternachts Terror,"The game is fantasic! I spent hours on end just sitting here and letting it all do it's own work after awhile! I had so much making trains, tanks, rockets and killing those little alien bug like things! I am so ready to wreck more things once I have more time!"
,Recommended,427520,27087658,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raphop,The never ending cycle of automation
76561198024978728,Recommended,427520,27086342,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gecko,Caution! Very addictive! I even started dreaming about it...
,Recommended,427520,27087593,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aurelius,Definitely a game that will tickle the brains of certain niches.Highly Recommend to those that enjoys planning and efficiency.
,Recommended,427520,27085454,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RexRox,This game consumes your life and your soul. It even has achievements that actually push you to become better at the game.
,Recommended,427520,27085587,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Illithar,"At the time of this review I have ~28 hours in Factorio. At this point I can't really say I have 'mastered' any part of the game. There's so much you can do, even with the basic tools and conveyor belts. The game is part RTS, City Builder, and puzzle game. You have to build base defenses to defend agains hostile aliens, you have to manage the layout and logistics of your facility and puzzle out how to get resources from point A to point B.If any of that sounds fun to you I recommend picking up the game."
,Recommended,427520,27086402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,samololo,- Must have- Must Play
,Recommended,427520,27086416,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gorfob,Terrifingly addictive gameplay.Hours spent just to untangle your past ♥♥♥♥ups only to realise that you have created more♥♥♥♥♥♥for future you to solve.
76561198045186475,Recommended,427520,21635582,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zelnorf,"This game is amazing, so addicting.  Go try the demo, go on try it!  The first hit is free."
,Recommended,427520,23657230,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Rjbb03,"If you like very challenging games than you should definately get this game, it takes a very long time to learn everything in the game which provides many hours to be had. Also, you can play with a friend over steam without having to go through all the work to port forward. overall it is a great game nd i reccomend it."
,Recommended,427520,23654820,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Lemonade Warrior,.
76561198026278922,Recommended,427520,23647051,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Xelda,It scratchs everyone of my gaming itches.
76561198147239048,Recommended,427520,23673642,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Boiled,10/10
,Recommended,427520,23678220,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,MrJake,"I have about 500 hours on another account. I really cant get enough of this game. yes it still is in early access and yes right now the only goal is to build a sattlelite and gameover. but between that, you have a lot to do and many ways to get there. I havent explored circuit building yet. I just started to play with drones and massive power arrays and so on.I give this game 11/10"
76561198157948586,Recommended,427520,30800850,Posted: 28 March,all,???,"Definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes building factories and bases. Lots of things to do which is great, and the mods always add new things if you get bored. Only thing I would change if possible would be the length of time it takes to research certain things."
,Recommended,427520,23676735,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,coldeq,Fantastic game
,Recommended,427520,23674483,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Oggymeister,"Great game. One of the most, if not hte most, entertaining game i have played in this style.The goal is to create large factories that build steadily more advanced and reasource intesive outputs."
76561198116571874,Recommended,427520,23576035,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DanyDano,"To all who love to automate each step. I personally like this game very much, but the only thing that still bothers me is the campaign, there are currently only 2 Story Level. I would like if the story would soon be extended."
,Recommended,427520,23591103,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Awsomestar123456,Honestly an amazing game it boosts your creativity side.  It involves work and if you think of something you can make it! The start is boring but first 3 machines [5 Minutes of Time] everything gets easy and fun! I honestly do not know how someone can give this a bad review because its so good!If you are scared to use the $20 because you think its bad just get it! I looked on youtube and everything and it doesnt seem as good as does playing it! I took the risk of a months money and it has gotten far. If you have th money buy it!Pros-Involves ThinkingNot a 5 minute game takes timeInvolves a lot of creativityCons-Not for 6 year oldsNo cons really :/
,Recommended,427520,23592482,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,jadant,"Bought early release game. Played almost 200 hours. Came up for air/food/etc. Thought I should I should write a review.  12/10, would buy again, would buy for a friend.Now leave me a alone, my factories need me."
76561198016241613,Recommended,427520,23588562,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,carlperry123,"The base (factory) building is arguably some of the best game play of any game I have played.  The automation aspect of the game is unlike any game I have played to date.  I think this aspect of the game will soon be copied by many games in the future. Building the factories to properly move components is engaging and entertaining.  Most of my gameplay consists of factory building or railway building.  I greatly enjoy the ability to automate the building of different components and it is a nice change from destruction games.I don't like the combat in this game.  The enemy is two dimensional.  They either rush you with speed or fire from a moderate range.  There are no artillary units on either side.  While the enemy gets stronger over time, until the end game the enemy has no strong (should be slow) melee unit.  There is no high level tank.  The only tank in the game is equavalant to a WWII Sherman tank when the end game technology has hover robots and spacecraft. My biggest complaint with the game is that a game build around automating has no way to delegate combat to robots or autonomous vehicles.The early game is fun as you work through the tech tree and set up your factory.  The middle game is the most enjoyable as you expand your supply base, optimise and expand your base factory.  Build out your rail system.   Destroy nearby enemy bases.  The end game, is not enjoyable as it is tedious to clear out the enemy to collect their resources and get more room for your base.  I do enjoy scaling out my factory later in the game.All in all, I recommend the game for a $20.00 purchase price.  It is unlike other games it offers a new factory building aspect and is a lot of fun to play.  The combat aspect is nether fun or engaging, but taking the bad with the good, the good more than out weighs the bad."
76561198145302963,Recommended,427520,23589077,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,tatormator08,NO need for writing anything but this game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MUST GET 100/10 this game is my life and it should be apart of yours to :D
76561198064839651,Recommended,427520,23592811,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,The Randingo,"This game is if the purist form of cocain and masturbating had a baby and then that bady had a baby with addiction. Seriously there should be a warning when starting up the game saying ""this game is highly addictive are you sure you want to play?"" The reason I'm not playing the game right now is because I'm waiting for stuff to research. GET.THIS.GAME"
,Recommended,427520,23613047,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Hound,"I have always been a fan of solid gameplay and a very steep learning curve, Factorio is one of those games! like Minecraft, you gather minerals and supplies in order to build a base, sounds pretty cliche BUT! the catch is, this game is all about logistics and automation! check it out! I got for around RM 40 (10 USD) and it was totally worth the money!"
76561197985501926,Recommended,427520,23573499,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Vi11ag3_idi0t,"I can not stop playing this game. It's soul stealing. 100 hours in and still addicted. I highly recommend this game both on it's own or modded to high heaven as there is a very active mod scene for this game. If you want to experiment with mods, I'll reccomend the very popular Bob's Mod which takes this game to a whole other level and makes it much more complex and massively increases the longevity of Factorio. Stop reading this and go play factorio now. Seriously.  I need to get back to my map, I have conveyers to hook up and ores to harvest...  circuit boards to build and.... aliens to kill.... SO MUCH STILL TO DO!!!"
,Recommended,427520,23573716,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Doallyn,"Great game! the building of the factory and defenses from the bites is really well thought out and challenges your brain to find efficient and productive layouts. The early access has the core game mechanic but has plenty of room for improvement and refining.The single player campaign isn't much but gets you into the game ok, the main sandbox and then the massive user community posting loads of information on how to get the best out of your factories is what it's all about.Worth every penny of the 15 pounds - exactly the right value for money at this stage"
,Recommended,427520,23635789,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Knawledge,"What can I say, I picked up this game after remembering seeing a few clips that interested me so I thought ah, why not.BIG mistake.This game will devour your life, I started up a new world, started messing around and before you know it i've got machinery sprawled everywhere, 10 hours gametime and it's 7 in the morning.10/10 amazing game, and I've barely made a dent in it. Looking forward to seeing all the new updates to come too!"
,Recommended,427520,21968781,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,linus the unepic,don't want to mine ever again? Just automate it   Don't want to drill for oil and then manually transport it for processing? Just automate it. Don't want to go get food? Just automate it
76561198033316456,Recommended,427520,23558136,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CommGunner,"A really great game with original gameplay.The depth of this game is truly amazing. It took me about 130 hours to reach the point that I had experienced most of what the game had to offer. However, even after reaching this point, the game offers a lot of replayability, especially due to all the mods out there. Also, the next patch (which is free) will be adding a lot of new cool features to play with.This game is definately worth more than 20 Euros/Dollars.There are a few (minor) things that I don't like about this game. However, most of these things can be changed with mods, and there are already many player-made mods out there for this game. Also, my impression from reading the forums and the developer's blogs is that the developers are paying a lot of attention to player feedback and acting upon it.Therefore, in my opinion, this game is definitely worth buying, even if it is still in early access."
,Recommended,427520,22508273,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,thekgbjrfl,This has a good learning curve and is a lot of fun. TIme will fly by!
76561198070261223,Recommended,427520,22508342,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,UndertaleWeeaboo,"Factorio is far better than I could have expected. I expected it to be an overly complicated game that you need to be rediculously smart and need to spend hours researching to figure out how to do the simplest thing. Thankfully, this isn't the case.ProsSomewhat confusing at first, but has an incredibly helpful tutorialFun problem solvingMassively expansive worldFun campaignConsResources can be far apart, and can sometimes be difficult to get enough resources to stretch the new resources to your current base.Playing blind is nearly impossible to figure out, with a steep steep learning curve, assuming you don't play the tutorial. Though this could be a pro for some people."
,Recommended,427520,22484204,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lillien,"This is a new game to Steam, but you can tell it has been developed for a long time. I started with the tutorial and had a number of situations where I wasn't quite sure what I was supposed to be doing, then it would click in my head - like solving a mini-puzzle.You then start building and trying to be efficient to continue your porgress and each development is a new mini-puzzle to solve. You've got a nice little supply chain going, but now you need to make a supply chain with 5 different items which are  all on different parts of the map. You can take down and rebuild at no cost and suddenly a real brain teaser gets closer and closer to completion. Another success!As you progress, more and more opens up. Your head hurts as you try to work out a way to implement these new functions, but again, you're rewarded with little wins which keep you playing... trying to always better your last attempt.At 24 hours in, there are still so many things that I haven't even started looking at yet. This is how you know that the game has been in development for a long time. There are little ""nice to haves"", which are already implemented and, whilst there are moments of... how the hell do I get this working!? It is a rewarding experience and a great resource management/puzzle style of game.If you like that sort of thing, then for £15 you can't go wrong. If you're tight fisted... give the demo a go!"
,Recommended,427520,22518164,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Herman,I'm severly hooked. Gotta go.
,Recommended,427520,22518197,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Thinzy[:3],"Before I begin... A round of applause for the creator!When I saw this game on YouTube, I knew it was the game for me... I literally devoted weeks saving up for this game, £15 is hard to get when all you can do to help is the dishes.Anyway, I kept thinking I wasted my money but... The more you play this game... The more it grows on you. The mods are so stable, I honestly can't believe this is still in beta xD"
,Recommended,427520,22493569,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,matthewcperkins,"Not necessarily the most intuitive game at first, but definitely fun and challenging."
,Recommended,427520,22519382,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ft1Mistak3,"Almost passed up on buying this game, but ended up deciding to give it a chance. I then proceeded to play it for 8 hours straight, stopping only because I couldn't keep my eyes open anymore.Phenomenal game all around, would skips meals to play again."
,Recommended,427520,22520904,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,aBitUnique,Learnt how to build efficient smelting plants. Saw a picture of someone elses. Deleted it all and rebuilt it again.10/10 Would destroy everything for more efficiency again.
,Recommended,427520,22552986,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Pyr3x,This game is just beyond amazing! It's like an RTS game made a baby with Minecraft.... Just buy it....
,Recommended,427520,22552272,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[CCMT]N.G.,10/10!
76561198186443230,Recommended,427520,22551695,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Flux01226,fart
,Recommended,427520,22550973,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,sumdawgy,"SWEET!!THIS GAME WILL TAKE HOUS FROM YOUR LIFE....AND YET..... YOU WOULD GLADLY PAY MORE FOR JUST A BIT MORE STEEL....No, seriously.... this gme is well designed and handles millions of caulculations smoothly.This smooth gameplay tranlates into an undescibably wonderful engineering experience....no five factories are he same everytime i've played....they've (and the experience..) been different ; ]No dissapointment here.    10/10  nice work devs!"
76561198247569794,Recommended,427520,22553839,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,The Crimtane Alpha,"Great game. 10/10.  Factorio is liderally what it sounds like.. a factory. You can make mining drills, fight enemys, make cars, and have fun."
76561198012654968,Recommended,427520,22559358,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,STRANTH?!,This game is absolutely bonkers. I've never done so much math and enjoyed it in my life.
,Recommended,427520,22559701,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MC_HammerKnife,"I thought I'd like this game because it's a simple, open world, creative game that is a bit like a mix of heavily modded minecraft and OpenTTD; what I didn't expect is that this game would be one of the most strategic games I've ever played. A mistake is easily fixed, but it could slow production, back up conveyer systems or require a moderate rebuild of the line that will set you back several minutes. The amount of thought you need to put into building your factory really is great."
,Recommended,427520,30762773,Posted: 26 March,all,Prester,its as great as the trailer makes it out to be.
76561198022008498,Recommended,427520,23760708,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,inno,Endless solving of optimization problems.I luv it.
76561198044136364,Recommended,427520,23779188,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kushski,This game is addicting.
,Recommended,427520,23785299,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Vortex_,"Wonderful for passing time, and also if you want that satifying feeling of having a factory that is twenty acres big working perfectly! Down to that last conveyor belt."
76561197970509530,Recommended,427520,23840249,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,FuriousFlapjack,Very cool game. Lots of problem solving and logistical challenges. Great alone or with a friend!
,Recommended,427520,23816781,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ShoeRider,"111 hours in 2 weeks, it took me a half a year to get 100 hours in age of empires 2, my previous favorite game. This game is comparable to crack and heroin. The mods don’t fully work right now, lots of faulty mods, but fun game never the less."
76561197995497847,Recommended,427520,23843886,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RippXe,"Just another belt.This is a highly addicative drug, not a game.I've played all night, slept one hour, went to college, played more on my laptop. Came back home, played some more..."
76561198044188225,Recommended,427520,23828502,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TimedChief1,"I said to myself ""I will try this for 2 hours and see if I like it"" I played it for 6 hours. What happens to time when you play this game, it just fast forwards. Anyway, this game is very fun and a a pretty challenging aspect to it as well, while not everyone may enjoy this game; I did."
,Recommended,427520,23933916,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,aep,yes.
76561198067348651,Recommended,427520,23931611,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tedenti,"A very fun game to spend hours playing, has a unique concept I can't say i've seen before.If you're a fan of micro managment games then you will have a blast with this one."
76561198076243721,Recommended,427520,23932590,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jingles lol,Wonderful addiction game
76561197963652129,Recommended,427520,23930684,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zecannizza,It´s a good game. Well worth the money!
,Recommended,427520,23720789,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,"Finally host/client muliplayer is here! Browse severs is now a reality, no more hamachi. Great game just keeps getting better! A must have to satisfy our iner engineer."
,Recommended,427520,23943215,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ForkedEntry,This game is like crack.
,Recommended,427520,23946214,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bossinas,"AMAZING game, I definately recommend it! Multiplayer was a bit confusing but once we figured it out it was great. BUY THIS GAME... If you like building factories"
,Recommended,427520,23949723,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ludward,Great game!
76561198156789976,Recommended,427520,23951983,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,adventurekid8,you know when you have a brilliant game on you when you spend 3 days in a row playing (with sleep) but the game play is really addicting when all work hard in the beginning to a machine I like to call the Lazy-Boy 3000 since you won't need to anything except setting up new machines and convayor belts.my recommendation is very high buy this game
76561198068186542,Recommended,427520,23919150,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DeltaVoid,I can't... It is just... BUY THE GOD DAMN GAME!
76561198041523553,Recommended,427520,23913955,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,IJustFizzd,"This game is pure excellence, just goes to show that you dont need good graphics or triple A title to make a good game."
,Recommended,427520,23914054,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PLiPH,Great
76561197990332893,Recommended,427520,23911297,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bldravn19,Highly recommend!!!
76561198031820333,Recommended,427520,23811957,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jmattspartacus,"Watched this game for somewhere aroound 8 months before buying it and decided to finally bite, I have to say that I am thoroughly impressed with this.Built a factory, got slaughtered by massive alien attack.11/10 would be alien food again"
,Recommended,427520,23773888,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Willison,"Really good logistics sandbox game, only negative is that the end game becomes pretty tedious and repetitive"
76561198006724968,Recommended,427520,23774134,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,madnessj,This game has absorbed hours of my life and will likely do so for many more.Play it if you enjoy crafting for the sake of mining for the sake of crafting some more. Can't recommend it enough.
76561198164686753,Recommended,427520,23725037,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,(1)Jinkies,Biggest achievement so far is finishing the tutorial
,Recommended,427520,23825292,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Akaba,THANK YOU TERORATSU NOW I'M ADDICTED TO THIS GAME DAMN IT !
76561198117300995,Recommended,427520,23954366,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Coruscate,It's an amazing game and you always have SOMETHING to do in your base and at some times it can be a little stressful!
,Recommended,427520,23918149,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alan Resnick,Played for way longer than I should have. Probably going to miss my doctor's appointment in the morning. This game is worse than crack.
,Recommended,427520,23508136,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Troller0001,I built my own Spaghetti Factory!10/10 would make spaghetti again
76561198065866084,Recommended,427520,23520169,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,NotCoffee,wasted my life on this game 10/10
,Recommended,427520,23521322,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Flesh_Hunger,"if you truely like open world games that allow for maximum flexibility on how you play, this is your game. constantly updated with new features.  I have truely fallen in love with game. 200+ hours on record and counting..."
76561197970780390,Recommended,427520,23527022,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Carpii,"Kinda a steep learning curve, and the keys feel clumsy at first. But stick with it.If you enjoy logistics games (think Settlers, but with a much more complex production chain), or Transport Tycoon (except with enemies who want to screw your base up), then you'll probably love Factorio.Lots of pretty graphs so you can see exactly what's going on tooFactorio is easily one of the deepest and most rewarding games I've played in years.Thanks for the amazing game, and for supporting Mac users!"
,Recommended,427520,23527291,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Sterling,I used to have a family.Now I have a factory.10/10. Would sell soul again.
76561198106947066,Recommended,427520,23525116,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,NotAyoshi,Hours of my life wasted on this awesome game!
,Recommended,427520,23526487,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,DarthChocobo,"This is a top down shooter/minecraft/simcity simulation game.. Highly addictive.. I now sleep 4 hours a day instead of 6.. Time will be lost to this game and its well worth it.. Yah its early access but this game is worth the 20 bucks even if they stopped working on it right now.. This game is gold and when its done, im sure it'll be platinum!!"
76561198040991435,Recommended,427520,25880106,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ninja_Dog81,"Just under 900 hundred hours and I have finally finished the game, i.e. launched a rocket.This game is awesome. There really isn't much more to be said. I am always going to come back to this and probably never stop playing. With version 0.15 just ""around the corner"", I will be very keen to check out the changes.The devs are amongst the best when it comes to communication, releasing an indepth blog every Friday. They write about their concerns, issues and how they have fixed issues and problems. All in all, there is no better Dev team in my experience.I would buy their next game, whatever it may be without hesitation.Although it's not for everyone If you are only even remotely interested in this game, buy it and support a team who truly love what they are doing."
76561198056644969,Recommended,427520,23511533,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Gia,AMAZING
,Recommended,427520,23522859,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vasilii Gopnikovich,I like graphics... well I guess automation now too.
,Recommended,427520,23524687,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Shinios,11/10 much fun such wow
76561197979258789,Recommended,427520,23008919,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Turd the Third,This is an amazing game.I just wish I could automate my life and just automate stuff in this game all day long! Haha :PThumbs up to the creators of this little beauty!
,Recommended,427520,23006198,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MR.SILVERSTRIKE,"I have barely scratched the surface of Factorio, but I can tell that this is a deep and satisfying game. If you even _think_ this might be your thing, you should probably play it. Clear explanations and understandable mechanics, tons of content, satisfying gameplay.You really can't go wrong here, unless this isn't your kind of game. There's also a demo so you have no excuse for not trying the game."
,Recommended,427520,21624037,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,snowingheart,"So I was exploring my queue and this game came up. Mind you, I'm a fan of Minecraft, Terraria and the likes, so this was appealing at first sight. The issue was that it's tagged ""Early Access"", and there have been many, many issues with those kinds of games. But then, I read that it's been in development for around two years or so, and that the devs are still invested in it. I thought ""Well, if it's finally here on Steam, I guess it could be worth it."".Then, I debated just waiting for it to be on sale, but since the price tag was not at all high and it's a work in progress, I thought it best to support the develpment team and just dish out the cash now. BOY was it WORTH it.It reminds me much of Minecraft with the Technic pack of mods, where you can craft basically anything in the game and setup nice factories and stuff, avoiding mining/crafting by hand and just having a large empire producing whatever you want it to.The graphics may not be too appealing, and surely there ought to be future optimizations and stuff, but if you look at the vids and thing you miiiight enjoy it, you surely will."
76561198043346463,Recommended,427520,21624445,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,bhough01,Don’t Think just Play!I have always been sceptical about early access games content but this is absolutely fantastic to play!limited variation very late in the game is the only problem I have with it.would recommend to anyone 10/10
76561198031345165,Recommended,427520,21624557,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Microbe,A must have for the fans of the genre!Thumbs up from me!
,Recommended,427520,21624775,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dragon of Fire,"Picked this game up hoping for some fun, and got addicted to it for a week straight. If you ever enjoyed the base building/planning aspect of strategy games, this is that x100, and it is glorious. Didn't even realise it was early access until writing this review. Runs better than most AAA games initial releases."
76561198017157724,Recommended,427520,21624844,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,motoroja,i tried the Demo and was totaly convniced! Very addicting game :) *****
76561198002623899,Recommended,427520,21624933,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,fifnir,"Can't wirte much, gotta go play some more of it !!"
76561197971707124,Recommended,427520,21625096,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,kawi,"Wonderful gameGood graphics, easy on the eye and well drawn.Very interesting setting,  kind of post apocalyptic / steampunk / extra terrestrial ""nausicaa"" crittersThe gameplay : just reminds me of the ANNO series, you face different problems and your brain is always on different levels ie. on the strategic level, plans for the future, and a very small level where you face logistic problems on a small scale. All those have to be reconciled and it makes for great puzzles. Difference with other similar games is the whole automation capability, this really is fantastic. Wont go into details, just watch the trailer and play the demo, you'll buy it. It's worth it.A very strong title, if you like the anno series, or maybe settlers, I think it presents the same kind of challenges."
,Recommended,427520,21625914,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,THEOhioState,"Definitely worth the $20. It's very addicting, so pay attention to how long you spend playing."
,Recommended,427520,21626492,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Technicality,"So. Factorio. This game was best described by Nerd³, as ""Minecraft for people who are bored of Minecraft."" You create a factory and research technology, all while trying not to die. This game is so addictive. It has that ""just one more piece"" feeling to it, where you just want to fix one thing, and then you see something else that could get improved, and then you find you've done nothing productive that day.VERDICT: If you like games where you build things (and even if you don't!) then I would recommend this game. You should definitely play it!"
,Recommended,427520,21623184,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Greasy Meat Tube,Yet another game that will devour your soul...   10/10
,Recommended,427520,21623299,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nerdslammer,Playing this game with my roomie. Argue over factory architecture plenty and had  fall out. Now we're a happy couple.Thanks factorio.
,Recommended,427520,21623469,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SunFusion,Awesome Game you get caught up in it so quick and progress naturally!Can really recommend it especially if you are into automation stuff :)
,Recommended,427520,21623510,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,complexmathematics,1/2 of every day for 4 days straight... so far.
,Recommended,427520,21623727,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sleeping Lionheart,"This game is expensive. the £15 purchase fee is a steal, but the (so far) 17 hours of missed work because i cannot stop playing is financially ruinous."
76561198023765106,Recommended,427520,21654408,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,stusdaboss,Beautifully crafted game.  Hours of fun with the buds. 10/10
76561198086115431,Recommended,427520,21615031,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,This Duck,"♥♥♥♥ my life, the only bad thing about this game is that it's too addicting."
,Recommended,427520,21616553,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sad King Billy,"I happened to see this game on the front page and have lost my life ever since.  This game is no good if you are a college student.This game encourages good design and thoughfulness.  The entire time, you are essentially solving a never ending puzzle.  Every time I play, I learn something new.10/10, I can't believe it's not butter."
,Recommended,427520,21701965,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Nytheris,"Don't let the fact that this is early access put you off. The amount of content in the game already is incredible and by the time it's finished it will be even better. You could put hundred of hours into the game in it's current state and not get bored. Add in user created mods and that could easily become thousands of hours.  If this game looks even the slightest bit interesting to you, I highly suggest you give it a go. There's even a demo available on the website if you're still unsure.10/10, seriously buy it, right now."
76561198032692561,Recommended,427520,21711147,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,braditz,"Very addictive! Feels like sim city or cities:skylines in that there are always tons of different tasks that need your attention and it is up to you to prioritize and optimize everything, but Factorio focuses on logistics rather than populations."
,Recommended,427520,21716584,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,daznaq,Early Access score of 10/10 from me
76561197997727563,Recommended,427520,21716936,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Fvantom,"Create an automated factory complete with robotic arms, conveyor belts, assembly plants, furnaces and much more then watch it operate in such a way that is worthy of a wild drug trip.....then become more addicted to the game than any drug you can think of."
76561198079214708,Recommended,427520,21716961,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,spezzathegreat,"Can confirm, more addictive than crack."
,Recommended,427520,21715301,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,WHO DID THIS,"This game is wonderful. Finally, a survival game WITHOUT: A) Zombies; B)Excessive axe crafting; and C) The ""What Do I Do"" problem. What DOES it have? Automation. F*cking brilliant, how you can start with some sheet metal, and go to space with it. Thank you for making this, Wube. I love you."
,Recommended,427520,21715476,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,BeastyBananaCo,This game is the first game in a long time to suck me in so deep. Every time you think you are done you find one more thing to do! Also this is the best running early access game ever!
,Recommended,427520,21714386,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Macke,"9 Hours constant gameplay the same day i bought it. My friend thinks im crazy, but i will drag him into this too. :D"
,Recommended,427520,21718770,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Marcinius,Simply Amazing. At first I didn't know what I was doing and then I slowly started figuring it out and I haven't been able to put it down since. Great job to the creators!!
76561198133755537,Recommended,427520,21720459,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,NatePlaysVG,"Great game. For early access, the bugs are almost nonexistent. The only but I've found on single player is that I was able to walk one tile over water."
,Recommended,427520,21719874,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Lo-fi ""artist""",One of the best sandbox.
,Recommended,427520,21720663,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Matt,"Bought the game because I was bored and it had tons of good reviews. I wasn't disapointed, this game is incredibly fun and I can't stop playing!"
76561198117215481,Recommended,427520,21720801,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jomagr,Fantastic Addicting and Fun
,Recommended,427520,21760248,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Bitterdeath,Factorio is not afraid to be complicated thus making it one of the purist strategy games available.
,Recommended,427520,21761061,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,"Tom ""THE GOAT"" Brady","Worth it, simple and addictive. Buy it now!"
,Recommended,427520,21724244,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,danielm,This game is fun and time consuming!
,Recommended,427520,21724297,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Despair,the game where you start out going to play for 30 min and 4 hours later your still playing
76561198037375336,Recommended,427520,21723005,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,hyllander,Welcome to Dwarf Fortress meets SpaceChem
,Recommended,427520,22986310,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,rEActor,"Perfect for that OCD-itch that started with Settelers 2 and continued with Transport Tycoon. If you ever were a fan of those games, Factorio is like Settlers 2 multiplied by Transport Tycoon on steroids x100. Go buy it and thank me later for getting addicted and losing entire weekends playing."
,Recommended,427520,23030038,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,VidinstonKelly,"I'd like to sum up Factorio in a few steps, if I may:1.) Make Pickaxe2.) Smelt & Start Iron Gathering in a few possible ways3.) Automate smelting4.) Automate Coal for Smelting5.) Electricity6.) More Automation7.) Somehow, you've spent 120 hours without eating or drinking, and have finally created the rocket silo. You then proceed to die due to a crapload of biters8.) Repeat until insanity, where your soul is eventually starting to automate itselfBasically, this is an amazing game with something that is very hard to find: An almost infinite amount of gameplay and automation. I forgot to mention - mods. Buy the game, because you know you can trust a game that cost $20.00, not $19.99, but $20.00. Don't even question it."
,Recommended,427520,23030304,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,AnonymousWinn,"So I've spent almost 2 entire days on this game. It is amazing. Easily my favorite game right now on Steam. It is an early access game but doesn't feel like it whatsoever. Everything works amazing with no bugs, that i've noticed. I have had some suggestions that I've posted in the boards, but nothing that'll discourage anyone from the game. (Also Devs pay attention to suggestions!) I love strategy build games like RCT, Sim City, Minecraft etc, and this one is pretty close at the top of the list. This game continues to make you think strategically on how to place items that will work successfully and what to do in situations where you run out of resources. Right now there isn't a multiplayer support in game, but that’s to be fixed with next update. You can use Evolve to host a match to play with others if not on the same network.I have almost completed my first factory (have to build a factory to launch a rocket in case you didn't know) and after that I can say that I'm excited to start a new factory taking the knowledge and strategies i gained previously to build something newer and better. This game easily has replay value.Be aware, they have discussed raising the price after its final release, though they dont have a set day or price yet. But whatever price they set (realistically) it'll be worth it. So right now $20 is a great price for a game this awesome.If you couldn't tell, totally recommending this game. Will spend many many more days on here.. Good thing my wife is leaving town.."
,Recommended,427520,23030454,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Drone577,"So much time expanding a single factory... Now, it's time for mods."
76561198034466939,Recommended,427520,23030648,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SteelDust,Haven't been this addicted to a game in years.
76561198038024663,Recommended,427520,23041853,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Niels,"Highly recommended.The environmental setting, UI, mechanics etc are all good. The balance is striking.Simply good fun."
,Recommended,427520,23039263,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dr_Goth,"This is an excellent game that captures he spirit of automating processes with factory layout, all wrapped up in a sandbox. Would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,427520,23040042,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Graphic_Wing,"Amazing game, seems complex but is really simple when you build up!"
76561198166818965,Recommended,427520,23040546,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Flyshard,All i need to say is : THAT GAME IS AWESOMEbeautiful world (sometime)beautiful soundtrack (i mean for the machinery)GREAT !
76561198049227563,Recommended,427520,23034984,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,immor_captain,超级好玩，点赞
,Recommended,427520,23036552,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,vmegan55,"5/5 stars would play and have played long sessions with friends. Just got robots. VEry happy with results. Would like to figure out how to make robots queue in order of importance and see them stick to certian chests, rather than set an ordinal relay."
,Recommended,427520,23031816,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Type O Negative,Goodbye life hello factory simulation 2016
76561197976303671,Recommended,427520,23035190,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,klavier,"this is the best tech tree implementation Ive ever seen. you dont simply click a button and wait, or build 10 of this and 5 of that and get a new button. In this game, you design and build the development of your huge clock work world, one module at a time. its brilliant"
,Recommended,427520,23030885,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Poroz,"Do it, you know you want to! Just play the demo and judge for yourself."
,Recommended,427520,23051655,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,lavenderer10,A production chain game which is very satisfying to play once you get the chain going. Makes you feel like a factory owner.
76561198015721142,Recommended,427520,23053822,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wingspan,"So this by it looks doesn't look like a game worth anything....But the level of depth and complexity is great if you like a game to be complicated!If you don't automate your production lines you might end up running around just to make sure everthing works... Thus its worth spending the time and setting up production!Great game, tons of fun!!"
76561198201229693,Recommended,427520,23048730,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Murpy,I have never been so confused in my life.You may think you can make a orginized factory. Dont get your hopes to high.The game is very fun. It is complicated but not at the same time. This game is about learning from what I have played. You will find yourself very happy when you make a giant factory. The only thing I wish they would add in is more power sources.9.5/10Would get killed by giant bugs again.
,Recommended,427520,23048977,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,JJ,It good.
,Recommended,427520,23049019,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Villian In Glasses,"I dont post many reviews, hell I may start to after this game. I bought this game thinking that it was going to be another run of the mill base building, kinda almost like C&C, but man was i so SO wrong. Instantly pulled in, once you got to know the basics of what to do, your imagination can go wild! Always coming back and trying to perfect every part of your factory, managing resources, trying to figure out how you are going to stop the next wave of mobs from coming and destroying your work. A game that has taken hold and put life back in to an almost old and forgotten genre with today's games. If you truly want to experience that is perfect, even as it is still in early access... PLEASE pick up this game!!"
76561198026592654,Recommended,427520,21640312,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,zunxunz,"This is one of those games that can make you really happy, or unhappy if you need time for other things. It's one of the best ever in it's genre. Whenever you think 'hey, It would be great if I could ... in this game', browse the manual and it's there. And so much more..."
,Recommended,427520,22826498,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,toney,"I don't review games much, but given the number of bad early access titles, I feel obliged to point out a good one.This is one of them."
76561198129711070,Recommended,427520,22826570,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,yoeriiii,i like the gam really much but yes early acces is a fact but still it knows how to be an amazing game beucase you have to dot his and this for that but warch out for this whith those in that before that in this beucase of those in that over this (yes thats the full game /  i love it )
76561197972677297,Recommended,427520,22693336,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,rothfusz,Don't buy this game if you don't have spare time on your hands. It is the most addictive game ever!!! I can't get enough.
76561198095728913,Recommended,427520,22693429,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,bladeparrish,"Excellent game! Very easy to lose track of time while playing it.The learning curve is a bit steep, but nothing too bad, if you're willing to play around with it.It's easy enough to automate something; to automate it cleanly and with the potential to expand is what is tricky. Definitely be ready for that!"
,Recommended,427520,22688412,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Decadence,"This game looked pretty dumb to me but people have been raving about it. I figured I'd purchase it to support the developer and give it a shot. Holy crap it's so addicting. I played 4.5 hours straight after I bought it without even realizing it. It fills a hole, it stuffs the chicken, it kicks the ball, it stands on boxes, it gives me the feeling that games like Starcraft almost gave me."
76561198215483895,Recommended,427520,22691418,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,charlesh1211,"Oh7 hours already? Damn son...Watched Markiplier play this and thought it looked like funIt has now begone to consume my life, tell my family they were ok"
76561198062332445,Recommended,427520,22696237,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,feenixfire,"Been on Steam for years, never written a review but read them before any purchase so i'm trying to start reviewing.  Factorio is a great game, i highly recommend it.  It's a factory building game, with some combat thank frankly i wasn't a huge fan of, that pushes you to think long term and in terms of efficiency.  I'm almost at 40 hours now and probably half of that was a start from scratch custom world that i still haven't hit all my own goals in but i keep coming back for more.  It's hard to put into a genre what type of game this is but somewhat resource management, logistics, sort of base building.  i believe they have a demo so definitely check it out, $20 very well spent!"
76561198012417476,Recommended,427520,22696320,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Kryman Vladek,"Right, here's how it goes. This game is a STEAL for £15 and here is why;You start up the game, you find the tutorial levels in campaign mode and you think along the lines of ""Ah cool, so it's a complex minecraft? Gotcha.""Nope. You see, Minecraft at least gives you the honour of making all your stuff with nothing but your own bare hands. The objective in Factorio on the other hand is to make a complicated and efficient layout of conveyor belts, furnaces, mining drills, steam engines, boilers, oil refineries, component factories and many, many, MANY more things that makes all your stuff FOR you.You try to make this highly efficient and economic factory floor and instead, all you've managed to do is make what looks like a scrambled ball of yarn AND the back of your cranium explode due to severe confusion. And yet, what you have made is enough - what you have created will suffice.THAT'S what makes Factorio special. You don't need an engineering degree to play and eventually finish this beast of a game and yet, when you do beat the game with a layout that mostly resembles a lump of spaghetti and you push aside the mountains of coal that have built up around you, the game seems to challenge you to do it better.You exit the current game, you press New Game and you rise to that challenge... only to realise that it is now 3:30am and you have in fact managed to transform what felt like a cople of hours into what is in fact a day.This does not stop you.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,22696702,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Mr. Yasinley,Do you love sleepless nights ? Well if you do you should definitely buy this game.If not buy this game anyway because you will get used to sleepless nights.
76561197970996463,Recommended,427520,22690398,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,groessenwahn,The best time machine if you suddenly want it to be 4am.
76561198081866102,Recommended,427520,22739800,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,UglyAmerican,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!If you like Sim City, StarCraft, and minecraft/ terraria. This game takes all of these and turns it into a beautiful masterpiece, with plenty of potental and HOURS upon HOURS of fun. This game will keep OCD gamers occupied for months just in design alone.$20 for a game like this is way too good to pass up. better than most $40-$60 games i played.A++ for this title!"
76561198004687973,Recommended,427520,22698133,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bodybag Cowboy,"Intriguing and addictive, brilliant in every aspect despite the somewhat simple 2D visuals. If you like to play games where you have to use your brain, build things, and/or shoot alien bugs personally and by automated methods, you will probably dig this game."
76561198062973245,Recommended,427520,22698172,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,superfreac7,2016/04/19-Installed Game2016/04/21-Still Playing game... Hevent slept.2016/04/?- Havent Left house. Dogs dead. Girlfriend left me. Power turned off. None of that matters. Only Factorio.201?/0?/?-Time matters not. Food Matters not. Sleep matters not. Only Factorio.???????- I can see the light. Its bright and in the middle is jesus. Hes smiling and holding a copy of factorio...69/10- Would ruin my life again
,Recommended,427520,22698641,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,DougFunny25,One of the most involved and addicting games I've played. If you like to figure out optimal output/throughput ratios (if you want to be efficent) and build a massive factory this is your game. Do not purchase if you have children as it will suck up all of your time.
,Recommended,427520,22856218,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,i am mugi,"hard, in a good sort of way."
,Recommended,427520,22865430,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SKZSKZ,"This game sits somewhere between meditation and frantic activity. I bought it, but didn't name my savegames well enough and deleted a vital one. I had to re-play a couple of hours to get back to the point I had been at. I couldn't be bothered, so I put the game down for a month and just picked it back up again this week.Oh, boy. I wish I had replayed the WHOLE level now, instead of just picking the latest save I could find. My complex was sooo much more satisfying than the first playthrough.But then again, it did get messy towards the end. Maybe I should play it again, and organise it even better.This game blends resource management with strategy in a very compelling way. My only criticism is that you really have to have a mouse for the level I am about to reach (for the second time). The advanced combat definitely needs one: so on my laptop, I am hamstrung on this level (which is why I screwed up the saves last time).I'd recommend changing that AND having a distinct autosave for the start of each level: so that if you screw up big time, in a way which makes all your autosaves ""no ammo, lots of aliens"", you can still revert to that start of the level. There is no obvious way to choose a particular level to replay: one has to choose the whole mission again, and any given level can take hours to complete.Save often, save meaningfully, save each new level, and this game rocks hard if you like puzzles and resource management."
76561198160916526,Recommended,427520,22866725,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ch75pr,This is a very awesome game with great multiplayer capability and lots of possibility and potential. cant wait to see what they come up with in the future versions of this game!
,Recommended,427520,22861551,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Telkora,"TL; DR: With 105 hours on record, you might say I enjoy this game.I got the demo for this game after I caught a glimpse of it, not knowing what it was on someone's channel while getting a haircut. It didn't take me long to find it, and I regret having ever seen it. After playing through the campaign (read: tutorial), I was hooked.This game sucks you into a world of...factorio...and doesn't let go. While the combat might leave something to be desired, this is beyond not an issue, as that's honestly not what the game is about. On my longest playthrough, I have 58 hours logged on peaceful mode - the aliens don't initiate aggresion. I spent nearly all that time just building my factory, and didn't even think about the aliens until I needed alien artifacts for armor and research.After pruchasing the full game, I enjoyed more than 100 hours of mod-free gaming...then I got my first mods. This game is so mod friendly, that the devs have made videos featuring some of the most fun mods. There are mods for everything. From a longer character reach to fighter jets, the mods never cease to impress.Until I found factorio, I was considering going back to school...No longer, I have better things to do now.10/10 - I never expected to enjoy this so much, and I'm looking forward to the next 1000 hours of enjoyment."
76561198125995756,Recommended,427520,22862908,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,JulienSimard034,The game is amazing. Play the base game to give you a taste for the game. Then play it with the mods to get a crazy factorio experience.
,Recommended,427520,22873065,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pathurs,best game I own
,Recommended,427520,22873360,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Regular-Sized Ian,"A refreshingly unique game that has reignighted my love for indie games.The art works is awesome, and I really love how detailed things are, even if they're pixelated.The gameplay dynamics are fun, and I enjoy the logictics of running a huge factory, designing elecrical systems, conveyor belt lines, and managing materials."
76561198002024891,Recommended,427520,22875618,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Exceedingly Grumpy Old Prick,"32 hours i've clocked up on this so far and i'm not showing any signs of slowing down. You start out small doing everything manually, then gradually work your way up to having a fully automated base. Factorio is a very enjoyable and compelling game to play. addictive as hell!"
,Recommended,427520,22875926,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cyclops_Master,This game is awsome. Hard at first but once you get the hang of it you find it much easier. I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
76561198139713405,Recommended,427520,22900207,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CRABST3R,"dont rely on autosave as stated below, the game should know better and creat a new save for you but alwasy save under a new file name. i made the mistake and just clicked the file and saved then when i tried a new map had 20 hours wiped out. great game i would recommend it."
76561198085610645,Recommended,427520,22905771,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,gamingdav,"""Creative fun"" This game is the best casual experience and sometimes exciting experience and with a multiplayer it is really worth trying it out. Even in early access it still has a good amount of content to play. your creativity can go anywhere."
76561198177690589,Recommended,427520,22907194,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,jacobwing2002,"is this a good game.... yesis it addictive to the death of all your family and slowly.... definaltyi made a factory solo, i resorted to cheating in alien artifacts as i count kill one more ememy base..... as none of my frenids can afford it..... well but a good game... bye"
76561198052271590,Recommended,427520,22907310,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sassy the Sasquatch,Spend $20 and I am so obsessed with this game. Already got 100hrs and it is still counting at this stage. 9/10. 10/10 IF they introduce acheivements.
76561198256275049,Recommended,427520,22906655,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Indra ¯\_ツ_/¯ csgoroll.com,Factorio is an sawesome game becasue it has lots of complexity and lots to always learn. i do recommend this game :) !
,Recommended,427520,21531285,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Behnam Aminpour,is nice
,Recommended,427520,21589513,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Killgore,Mmmmm... production-line nirvana.
,Recommended,427520,21589985,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Chi-Ken In Progress,I've played for a few days and it's already one of my favourites of all time. Super fun.
76561198127886965,Recommended,427520,21590466,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Vman Ⓥ,"Thank you developers, i have no life anymore, my girlfriend is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and i don't eat anymore."
,Recommended,427520,21588479,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,t lancer,"This is the most complete Early Access game I've ever played. It offers addicting gameplay and is very difficult (impossible?) to master. You'll find there is always something you've built that works but can be improved. The game loads insanely fast, too."
76561198028958873,Recommended,427520,21555966,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Deadeye,what a refreshingly great game. im hooked.
76561197994231136,Recommended,427520,21587403,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Kaz77,Great game
76561198055215299,Recommended,427520,21587451,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cakesterman,Help me.  I cant stop playing this game
,Recommended,427520,21587919,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[HSL] Stryck,This game is fantastic.  It is like a one-man sci-fi roguelike version of Settlers or Dwarf Fortress.  Developing and upgrading your production lines while fending off biters is a thrill.  I love the old-school sprite graphics.
76561198018126933,Recommended,427520,21585980,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,DeJaVu,"If you liked anno 1404 and maximizing production chains, you will definetly love this, id say this is one of the best games of this genre,"
76561198102140185,Recommended,427520,21585884,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Pepperoni Playboy,Just can't fault it
,Recommended,427520,21587035,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Bored Anarchist,This game is like little pieces of the best resource management games we know and love with very unique qualities.It feels finished on release and is exactly how early accessshouldbe.This is also the first game in many months to give me thatI need to get home and play this nowfeeling at work.
76561197974290522,Recommended,427520,21587203,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,king cow,gud game
,Recommended,427520,21587324,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MagicBackPack,"So this is my first review on steam, so bear with me.This game at first seems overwhelming and ridiculously complex yet somehow manages to be one of the most intuitive titles I have ever played (and I've played ALOT of  games just on steam, look at my library) it makes you feel so clever when you manage to make an entirely self sufficient mining and refining op using just burner drills and burner inserters and ridiculous amounts of conveyor belts and a few chests.  then 6 hours later (it's WHAT AM?!!) and everything is run by electricity and you have made a fully functioning self sufficient electrically run base complete with oil refinery's and solid fuel production that automatically feeds your boilers.  then you're at work trying to figure out how to make your research production and labs more efficient and then have a eureka moment of ""why the hell do I need all those conveyor belts, just let the assemblers pass it from one to the other""  I think the best part about this game is that there is no wrong or right way to build your factory and produce whatever your little heart desires.  yes some ways are more efficient but half the fun is discovering for yourself how to make it the best.tl;dr game is a boatload of fun and will destroy hours of your life and you won't even realize itprotip: try to figure things out for yourself and use the wiki sparingly if at all and you'll feel like you're oh so clever"
76561197973356973,Recommended,427520,21588940,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Mr. President,Addicted. 10/10 would get addicted again. Great game. Limitless possibilities.
,Recommended,427520,21502023,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,RealityAskew,By far one of the best games I've played in a long time!!!
76561198039417136,Recommended,427520,21502273,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Trilandian,Warning! This game is a MASSIVE time vampire! Play it at your own peril!
76561197979564900,Recommended,427520,21503297,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Pixmap,Short time with it but I love it!  So much fun!
,Recommended,427520,21503542,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TigerAce2712,"You know, I saw this game pop up on the steam store a few days ago, watched some videos on it, and decided to buy it.Best choice this year.:)Seriously though, it's great, runs well, plays well, just go buy it and have fun for hours. Wait, what day is it again?"
76561198032298091,Recommended,427520,23107917,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Fracture,"Very addictive. Allows for a lot of creativity in how you build your base and what direction you choose to research your technologies. Steep learning curve for beginners but once you get the basics of deffending your base through automation, you can learn at your own pace. there are also game mode controls that allow you to create easier worlds in which to practice. It has no noticable bugs which is impressive for an early access game. The biggest fault I can point out is the damage this game will do to your sleep schedule. You will find yourself saying to yourself ""just one more production linel"" or ""just one more technology research."" It's that kind of game that brings back the ""just 5 more minutes"" excuse from when we were kids."
,Recommended,427520,30780516,Posted: 27 March,all,egdob,"A fantastically customizable game that scratches every itch an RTS playing software developer could have.The game rewards you for forward planning and working things, but if you screw it all up you can call forth an army of robots to tear it all down at your command. Then you realise your robots have been draining all the power whilst they've been clearing thousands of acres of forest for your new creation... then the coal supply starts to slow down, and the boilers start shutting off, then you have brown-outs, then all the laser turrets go offline, then the biters come."
,Recommended,427520,23095325,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dr. Pancakes PhD.,Fab!
,Recommended,427520,23086685,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Pirateboy04,Great game. It's possibly the best use of $20.00
,Recommended,427520,23082377,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,000178423,"This game is very fun I have sdly only played a short time with my brother, and hes away usually but it's multiplayer and is awsome."
,Recommended,427520,23088412,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sarnn,Its ok i guess
76561197969143310,Recommended,427520,23072889,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Fjölnir,Friend recommended it.Bought it.Played it for 26 hours in the first three days.Going to kill my friend for suggesting such an addictive game.....
76561197989639520,Recommended,427520,23085283,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gil8ert,"I haven't passed a bowel movement in days. The space-time continuum has become horribly warped. Does the sun still exist? I fear my brain is crumbling like a cliff into the sea....I think I own a baby, but I haven't seen him for days...."
,Recommended,427520,22094264,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lima,is gud gud
,Recommended,427520,23081688,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Żyraf,I've built a machine that writes reviews automatically.
76561198031386937,Recommended,427520,23085738,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,stephen.inglish,"Amazing game for anyone who likes the sandbox and building things.It starts simple.  You are a lone survivor on a planet, and you need to make something.  So you dig for a bit and say, ""Hey, I can automate this digging process so I can make stuff instead""; and you do. A little while after making stuff, you say ""Hey, I can automate this making process so I can do other stuff instead"";  and you do.Very quickly, I found myself automating the creation of things, that I only really needed one of, simply because it is the habit I got into.Truly, a great logistical sandbox game, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,427520,23074352,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bays2112,Super awesome game!
,Recommended,427520,23074903,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,KravVelocity,hard to stop playing!!!
,Recommended,427520,23008942,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,{MG} PixelDonkey,Amazing game that will comsume so much time... time well spent of course.If your like me and enjoy games like Transport Tycoon then you'll love this.25 hours doing the new hope tutorial :D you can take as much time as you need.
76561197998784005,Recommended,427520,23089151,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Hemoglobin,"Best. Game. Of. All. Time. Period. No, thats 6 periods."
,Recommended,427520,23043642,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Philo__,Top!
76561198069900980,Recommended,427520,30777606,Posted: 27 March,all,xpaveljanku,I play games over 25 years and this is one of the BEST i have ever played.... 10/10
,Recommended,427520,24486110,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,TheFearsomeHerpies,I LOVE THIS GAME the only thing that this game needs is easy multiplayer right now you can only use port-forward server and paid servers I WANT EASYPLAYER like u can just click join game and it would work.
76561198047876739,Recommended,427520,24646241,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,nymathguy,Holy Crap this game is addicting.  If you have a family and they require your attention... be sure to get multiple copies so they can play along.
,Recommended,427520,24649910,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,CZSurvivor,Wonderful game where you will bodge things to work to then come back and struggle to work out what you have done.The game is excellent in multiplayer you will disagree all the time but will eventually work it out but your factory will be one hell of a messI am currently going for the lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ achievement less than 111 manual crafts very interesting
76561198269435189,Recommended,427520,24544239,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Karl Marx,good good
76561198038294531,Recommended,427520,24544619,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Screaming Pandas,"This game is absoltely phenomenal. I borderline worship this game.Tha amount this game scales is crazy. You start with your humble beginnings, using a couple small machines to gather ore, to have doens, if not hundreds, that smith, forge, and combine into thousands of items, all while you go take a pee break and catch up on the latest news.This game does have a steep learning curve; I've put in quite a few hours and still have immense amounts to learn, but you can beat the game without too much. The magic is making everything you do more efficient, faster, producing more so you can become better...it's addictive.Buy it."
76561198317508039,Recommended,427520,24680492,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,joeenright303,"The Game Is Very Fun With Many Things To Learn, From Cars To Tanks from Guns To Rockets from Lazers to walls every thing you ned to make a factory.....and to defend it. at first i didnt know what i was doing then i slowly learned the game then, i learned how to make a rocket an end game item then i basicly finished the game my factory well defended everything producing very well nothing else i could really do.....and well its a great game with lots of stuff to do i recommend it.... a great game.....a....factorio!.................................................@!&$ YOU ALIENS!!!!!"
76561198142534006,Recommended,427520,23536573,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PICKLE RICK!!!!,Great game for a great price. Good for people with imagination.
,Recommended,427520,23997137,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,❤Omniwolf❤,As of this review I have only played 3 hours. I'm already addicted.
76561198030100787,Recommended,427520,24006541,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BOT Sunny,This game must try to play ....oopss...nope..should say must play it..haha
76561198004370207,Recommended,427520,23997560,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ciber_man,"Designers of this game are Gods. Worth trying for everyone. Due to missing lateplay (actually it is sandbox, but for people who cannot play without aim, like me) i had a luck to be able to stop after 200hours."
76561198125926886,Recommended,427520,23997766,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kajamglo,Very nice game it challenges you more as you become stronger.
,Recommended,427520,24002862,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cap'n Saltybeard,"Explain the game in a singe sentence? ""If it's not automated, automate it."" Worth every penny. 420/69 would play for hours at a time."
,Recommended,427520,23987757,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,myself,Just keep building just keep building just keep building
76561198294395185,Recommended,427520,23996245,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Padster,just amazing
,Recommended,427520,24011504,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ryoujikaji,Very addicting and fun game!
76561197978715066,Recommended,427520,24027240,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Anjax,"I love this game! It has been a long time since I looked at the clock at 1 am and thought just one more hour and I will go get some sleep, then at 2 am, I thought...just one more hour and I will get some sleep. Just got to get green science going, or just get that oil to start processing...This game lets me be creative, and yet hits all my OCD buttons for straight lines and subtle tweaks. I am up to my 6th factoy now and the first one was a mess let me tell you. Cramped, run together, sloppy. The last one is much better, but I am sure the real experts at the game could still find a lot of issues. I find them myself as I pour over each place and try to tweak the throughput.I like having a goal and being able to create a solution, I enjoy the automation. Laying down a new design, turning it on and getting the result you wanted it gratifying, but so is laying dow a new design, turning it on, and having it fail miserably, because then I get to start the tweak/redesign process until it finally does do exactly what I wanted/expected. VERY gratifying!"
,Recommended,427520,24074673,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Deadly-Bagel,"I can't stop playing this game.11:30pm, should to to bed. Midnight, need to go to bed. 1am, still haven't gone to bed. 1:30am, close laptop, still playing game in head.Play game in head as I go to bed. Dream of playing game. Play game the next day. Late for dinner, play game in head all evening.This game really rewards you for laying out efficient, economic and expandable plans when designing your factory, forcing you to think where you lay every furnace and conveyor belt. It is real food for the mind and I strongly encourage anyone with any sort of engineering aptitude (programming, building, designing, whatever) to pick it up. Not only will you have a LOT of fun but it really pushes you to your mental limits."
76561198020328324,Recommended,427520,24052406,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr Twister,Awesome!
76561198041612054,Recommended,427520,24020187,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Martin,Great Game
,Recommended,427520,24043238,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FairPlay--,"Play the demoMildly Interested  considering all the other games that are on saledecided to try it out anywayworst decision of my lifehelp me, i need to get to college T_T"
76561197961060923,Recommended,427520,24051132,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kip,"Fantastic game, lots of fun."
76561197995361384,Recommended,427520,24070419,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Five,"This game rocks. This is the most addictive game I've ever played. A few bugs, but who cares. Enjoy the epic experience!"
76561198256287599,Recommended,427520,24069930,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Weeby weeb,..... idek it just doesnt wanna load up for me it has a cloud icon with 2 arrows what does that mean?
,Recommended,427520,24071571,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Thrakhath,The only way this game could be any better is if you could craft a gun that shoots Shuriken and Lightning.
,Recommended,427520,24058058,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,lmao,gud
,Recommended,427520,24060560,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[KRAKEN]wesruv,11/10 Would oppress indigenous aliens again
76561198146612821,Recommended,427520,23670460,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,OhDarn,"Great game literally the most  fun ive had actual doing something smartat first its exceptionally difficult but then once u get the hang of it ur ideas about that automated gun turret factory can come to life!honestly this game should be 50 or 60 bucks like the big new games because it has the inovation of an incredible mind, it does have its down falls though, like the bugs here and there but there werent any game breaking bugs :Dsome other problems are the incredibley annoying train track building system! its like it doesnt want to lock on to the other track,lastly i just wanted to say that this game brings every ounce of joy from my life from all of the lego building to doodling of gaint castles in school can come to life in this little game.P.S maybe 3D mode or VR????? I would love that <3P.S.S BUY THIS AMAZING♥♥♥♥♥GAME BERFORE IT BUYS YOU DAMNIT"
,Recommended,427520,23680786,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Skitzle,"The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start."
76561198302905288,Recommended,427520,23713479,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DefNotInISIS,♥♥♥♥♥is bomb fam play dis ish
,Recommended,427520,23624958,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Blin,Do you want to lose all contact with family and Friends? Want to slowly starve to death while sitting at your PC? Then this game is for you.
76561198168557013,Recommended,427520,23692042,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,jojagaga20,hi i have found a little bug about the Steam engines if you have too many it wont work as good if you use only one(EVEN AT MAX TEMPERATURE)but still Great Game
76561198070718206,Recommended,427520,23676436,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JEW,"i feel smart now, so i go make nuke and kill russia :D"
,Recommended,427520,25225296,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,njits23,I built a factory to make robots. Then the robots took over my world. 10/10
76561198034497960,Recommended,427520,30859743,Posted: 31 March,all,Diving Kangaroo,"Great Game, Love It"
,Recommended,427520,25153972,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dongpirate,the point of the game is to play less game
,Recommended,427520,25212459,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Blind Engineer,"Fantastic game. I've enjoyed more hours of this game than most $60 dollar premium titles. Great developer support, mod support, and community."
,Recommended,427520,25214825,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,911,No x9.99 price tag.
76561198035137957,Recommended,427520,25215026,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RKain,"Ridiculously addictive logisitcs / base-building game. The ""campaign"", such as it is, is primarily a tutorial; the real gameplay is in the free play mode, where you can stretch your wings and build enormous, convoluted bases with as much optimization as you can pack in."
,Recommended,427520,25215562,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,"Dick Bong, Ace of Aces",I didn't know I could feel stress when playing a game.10/10 would get entire base destroyed again.
76561198029717089,Recommended,427520,25216602,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,HeKis4,"Superb engineering game focusing on resource management and automated crafting of said resources, with all the issues you can expect to run into, the main one being ""How do I bring this thing to the new assemblers across my overcrowded and poorly-planned factory ?""Excellent optimization, good balance, infinite replayability, eye-candy-esque.And ADDICTIVE."
76561198058861199,Recommended,427520,24261712,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,VoyKan,"Base build strategy that chalange your intellectual capabilities, all in all fun and good game if you are into games like this"
,Recommended,427520,25234123,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DCS,"This game is so good guys!Support, play, get addicted!"
76561197971773334,Recommended,427520,25232852,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rabid Cadaver,This scratches the itch for progressive automation that I have playing things like Modded Minecraft. How do I improve my setup? It has me dreaming of bigger better automation.
,Recommended,427520,23355717,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,GasPoweredTomato,"I cant play this game. If i get on it again im afraid ill never get off again.Edit: so i finished the game and thought i had escaped, but little did i know there was a mods tab and now i will stay a hermit"
,Recommended,427520,25236578,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Everything Foreign,this game is crack cut with meth
,Recommended,427520,25230085,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Patheticus,Hours of fun!
,Recommended,427520,25280162,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lano Belsho,"Factorio is a game tailored towards satisfying progression of which it does fairly well in providing a varying deal of them. The scaling has a good middle-ground though base creation and optimization (or arguably expansion) is the real meat of the game. Conflicts that arise for the player to handle comes in little to no repetitious form but the real issue springs from the fact that some conflicts last much longer than others.Bearings may take 10 minutesEssentials may take 2 hoursStability and Security may take 8 hoursExpansion and Luxury may take 20 hoursso on and so forth, and whether or not you are an effective player is scales to the same ratio in time taken"
,Recommended,427520,27007739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Owlsyn,"I have never been good with logistics, and frankly I hate the concept with a burning passion most of the time.  But this game both makes me want to play it for endless hours on my own or with friends.  Now I can't STOP trying to edit every little detail to make everything as efficient as humanly possible.  10/10 would love to make another complicated factory from scratch again."
76561197988671153,Recommended,427520,27023081,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Damium,I now dream of belts.
76561197995915948,Recommended,427520,22714461,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Musickid43,"When I saw this game appear on steam I had never heard of it. So I downloaded the demo and started playing that. 3 hours later I reached the end of the demo and was craving more.Don't let the early access scare you off thinking the game isn't finished. It has been in development for years, and continues to get updates to this day. Even with the early access tag, it still seems like a finished product.While this doesn't have workshop support, it does have mods and an ingame mod browser. The best thing about this is that it can automatically update all mods to updated version. Now if you are worried about a new update breaking the game because mods aren't updated yet, don't worry as the modders seem to use the beta test of new versions so when the update goes live, all your mods are already up to date.Multiplayer. This game has it. I haven't really tried it, but a few searches online have shown people playing a game with up to 250 people at the same time.The core of the game is all about automating anything and everything. Build a drill on an ore deposit, conveyor belt it to a place to smelt the ore, then to a machine to craft it into ammo for your gun, which gets delivered to you automatically by robots. The screenshots will look intimidating with the very large and complex factories, but they start so small and simple and grow complex over time. Then it's no longer intimidating because you grew with the factory so you just know where everything is and how it works.This game will probably never be on sale, but it is still well worth the $20. My 446 hours spent on it say so."
,Recommended,427520,27024350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pennywise,You build stuff until you look around and its 20 years later... then continue to play
,Recommended,427520,27024591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goldenlionxxl,"When you first start this game, it appears to be just like every other survival / crafting game, but then you discover automation. Let the machines do the dirty work. The automation starts off simple. Why put coal manually into a furnace when you could have a machine do it for you? And then.... BAM. You have a full-blown factory that produces everything known to man and you look back on your humble beginnings proud of how far you've come. That is, until the natives come to destroy everything you have."
,Recommended,427520,27024763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dosan,want to make a factory that is effficient as possible so that it run's itself?Really addicting loop of making machines that build increasingly complex items to help build even more complex item.
,Recommended,427520,27024780,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roc,Steepish learning curve. But its not THAT bad. Somewhere between the original xcom and dwarf fortress.Its good. Wha'daya want?
,Recommended,427520,27021735,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OneMoreByte,6/10 Could use more trains
,Recommended,427520,27021757,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deleno,"By golly, Factorio.Words cannot describe how addicting and satisfying this game is. If you have ever played Tekkit (modded minecraft) this is basically it, but SO much more complicated. Seeing your factory grow ceaselessly and consume the environment, polluting it beyond salvation while your army of flying construction robots log entire forests to make room for more machinery is truly something to behold. You start with so little, yet end up with so much. I'm still only on my second map (as the first one had an error and became too large, not sure if bug or my fault.), and I can say that it is truly addicting. There are so many ways to play and with an intergrated mod browser, you will never be bored. Crank up the difficulty, add some survival mods and drop resources to a bare minimum for a real challenge!.Also, this game is constantly updated by the devs and is very stable, I have not had it crash once yet, and the only frame drops i get in my giant main bus factory is the power generation area, where lots of steam and smoke is produced. It is truly marvelous.GET. THIS. GAME. or dont, i dont really care. this game is an 8/10 like Jackie Chan for PS1 and every CoD ever. every game is 8/10."
,Recommended,427520,27022034,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tustalio,I love this game. All the things I keep telling my friends that I wish Minecraft had (and installed the mods for on  my own save) are baseline in this game with almost none of the boring parts. If only I could get them to properly try this game...
,Recommended,427520,26998377,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cafu,"my fav games:zelda oot, pokemon blue/red, wc3, wow vanilla,and now factorio"
,Recommended,427520,27017605,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xtreme Dragon II,It is so fun! It is worth $20 for this game : )
,Recommended,427520,27017724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soviet Charizard,Fun if its the kind of thing you will enjoy. Better if you have a friend to play it with.
,Recommended,427520,30925005,Posted: 3 April,all,KEK,This game is a blast .Alone or with friends is great fun no matter what you do in the game .So what are you doing reading GO BUY IT !! XDDDDDDDDDDD
76561197985331155,Recommended,427520,27028460,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GonzoMojo,"I love the incremental/idle games that have showed up recently, Factorio isn't necessarily a idle game, but it definitely fills all of the incremental requirements that I have."
,Recommended,427520,27009230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PuglyDucklin,I rate 8/8 cause its gr8 m8! Plenty of stuff and things... Love it!
,Recommended,427520,27005665,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fritzin,This game will demand your every waking thought.  The risk of real obsession is high!  Must build better more efficient faster  factories.....
,Recommended,427520,27005882,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bust Nuttington,Possibly one of the most addictive games I've ever played. Do not play if you have any plans for the day.
76561198058950622,Recommended,427520,26783563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heimerdingerkappa,best game ever
,Recommended,427520,26783648,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,$H4D0W DUD3,Amazingly addictive resource management game.If you ever found yourself building a items sorter im minecraft you will love this game.
76561198009813906,Recommended,427520,26784390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OobermanMoo,This game is everything a management game could ask for and more. The modding community is alive and well and the developers are actively involving the community and working hard to make this game even better!
,Recommended,427520,26770361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,floop,Just 5 more minutes...
76561198042222163,Recommended,427520,26767594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,igazka100,"This game is why i don't try any hard drog....i started to play the demo, and i said..nooo i won't give money for this. Then that day after playing for 14 hours i said...hmm maybe i should buy it. Than i see the weekend is gone, and i should go to work....well i did, not gladly.Summarizing:Don't start it if you have a life, because it's addictive."
,Recommended,427520,26896911,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jecy,"Awesome game to kill time. You just go back to refactor a small production chain and boom 3 hours passed.It's not even version 1.0 and still tons of features, options, and with awesome modding capabilities there is no limit where you can extend this game."
,Recommended,427520,26897113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grandmaster_C,Do you enjoy games such as modded Minecraft where you automate as much as possible?If yes then this is the game for you!Lots of options to build the automated set-up that you want to build while still remaining efficiency. Efficiency is the name of the game here!
,Recommended,427520,26896079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lukas,great mods great game
,Recommended,427520,26896145,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChaosMaster130,"I've spent many nights on this game. Because no base is ever big enough for me.So if you like building huge bases just because you can and you don't mind falling asleep when the sun rises instead of sets, try out the game's demo and see if you like it. And then buy it without hesitation if you do.I know I did."
76561198214654687,Recommended,427520,26897670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Andrew,Ill stop... eventually.WARNING VERY ADDICTIVE
,Recommended,427520,26897695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WarriorServent,"To put it simply; this game is awesome and are its developers. I mean just look at all the other reviews and the fact that the game has a demo!Do you know any other games with demos?Okay, now, can they be counted on one hand?That's what I thought."
,Recommended,427520,26898842,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Tobias Funke,Factorio is my favorite waste of time.
,Recommended,427520,26895640,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-W3E-,5/5 would play again8/8 gr8 g4m3 m8 n0 h89/9 nein reasons not to play10/10 ten an award appears4/4 4v3r4/4 4yr d3v3l0pm3nt3/3 3xpr355 b3l12/2 2 m0r3 m1nut3snom/inate for steam rew/ards
,Recommended,427520,26869207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zombies3210,When you find out that that you started at 4:00 PM and it turns out it is now 4:00 AM
,Recommended,427520,26868025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ellestir,"Sooo addictive, but also so good. Even if it isn't finished! Amazing Game!"
,Recommended,427520,26868152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atherim,"Great game with a lot of stuff to try, build, move, remove and replace.Pretty easy to undertand how it works, until you start to have dozens, hundreds of drills, furnaces, solar panels, steam engines, convey belts that stretch for miles, robots that fly all over the places in your screen and never forget the lovely biters and spitters that destroy all your hard work <3"
76561197970673211,Recommended,427520,26868164,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chronic667,"If OCD were manifested in to a game, this would be it."
,Recommended,427520,26868449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AGC | EXTREMEGABEL,Early Access but it's one of those Early Access Games that's actually good before launchOh and it eats time like a mofo
,Recommended,427520,26871830,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fang Xianfu,I've played this game for 50 hours and I've barely scratched the surface. It's incredible.
,Recommended,427520,26870689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ikhtus,"I'll keep it short.This is the best game on it's own category. You should buy this if you have even the slightest of interest of this game. You will love it.Only reason you should not buy this is, if these kind of management games doesn't interest you at all."
76561198271499270,Recommended,427520,25188699,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,dwainemccoy20,"Has the feel of some of the old school tycoon builders just without all the messy huds and confusion, mixed with some survival elements and a sense of adventure. Truly a game of its own genre, 10/10 will continue to repair my tracks (♥♥♥♥ing rats)"
,Recommended,427520,25188864,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[RoHo] Noodle,Very fun game. I think it's already been explained many times why this game is so great. Just get it.
,Recommended,427520,25191740,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,"Gregor, My Largest Son","Best $20.00 I ever spent. Factorio starts simple and allows you to learn as you go, and the settings are highly customizable for any experience. Between constantly gathering resources, upgrading your existing infrastructure/defenses, and fighting aliens offensively, there is always something fun to do. There are plenty of great mods available, too. 11/10"
76561198037432941,Recommended,427520,25192364,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Griever,A great game for people who like logicstics
,Recommended,427520,25226956,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,[F! TL!] Rab,"This game is basically perfect, 100% recommend to anyone that would enjoy making automated systems. You will not regret it. Also, just get it because you will 100% fall in love with it.P.S. This game is also stupidly difficult at times, but that is where the ultimate feeling of satisfation will come from when you succeed"
,Recommended,427520,25558841,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Starkiller1108,"If you want to throw away everything and waste time, buy it.In all seriousness it's amazing, controls are smooth to me and are still improving and the devs are very active. And it has a pretty awesome modding community."
76561197998552258,Recommended,427520,25561508,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tepplin,I racked up 80 hours within the first week of owning this time sinkI essentially treated it like a full time joband I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it
76561198047268154,Recommended,427520,25558141,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Vanamonde83,Factorio is that very rare occurrence of an almost perfect game. I cannot praise it enough.
,Recommended,427520,25509940,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,El Stigo,Amazing!
,Recommended,427520,25502852,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,SimpleMathematics,"You stand up, you start to play, you forget to eat, you go to sleep. Rinse Repeat. 10/10"
76561197984109090,Recommended,427520,25502922,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Golgothan Canada,"awesome game, say good bye to your life!"
,Recommended,427520,25460190,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Beans,"If you're low on food, just buy factorio. It's good enough sustenance, it can also replace sleep."
76561198013481792,Recommended,427520,22506560,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,fubar,"Please... for the love of god, just make more content.  There is already tons...  but we needs more, we demands it.  I made a smeltaroony and a stupid arm that took my plates and put them on a stupid belt and that lead to and even dumber arm that put it in a chest.  I then got ambushed by aliens and died... 11/10 would become bantha poodoo again."
76561198050444404,Recommended,427520,25082694,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,grahame_b,Factorio proves time machines excist.Either that or it broke my watch.I swear i was only on for half an hour.How is it 4 in the morning?
,Recommended,427520,25450964,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Synapses,AMAZING GAME
76561198272851316,Recommended,427520,25452643,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,bossg1824,This is a great game I reccomend it to people who are into base building and resorce management
76561198062411680,Recommended,427520,25458036,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,the aussie gentleman,QUITE A SPICY ME ME
,Recommended,427520,25200554,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Quantum_Jonny,1. Play for 10-15 hours in one base.2. Begin to realise how messy production lines are.3. Start a new game.4. Repeat11/10 For the game.02/10 My wife now hates me.
76561197992194414,Recommended,427520,25338810,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,mandorory,"Very good, the only crafting game I have played so far that I really like."
76561198277415853,Recommended,427520,25339031,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,kvuo75,296 hours. 24.7 hours / last 2 weekstrains really are fun.  (finally dove into trains last week)i found this game via stardew valley's creator's tweet some months back.
,Recommended,427520,25397953,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Lividsubset3,This game is really confusing at first but very fun i have a couple of hours and i jsut love the game the mods peopel make are really good the community is great ( in my case nice) and they updates are very constant (wich i love) 8/10 would play again and still play.
,Recommended,427520,25396305,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,JasonQSY,Very good game and players can create everything automatically.
76561198151112733,Recommended,427520,21470093,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ArhraTheFallen,The most fun i've had committing mass genocide since Spore
,Recommended,427520,21468506,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AnExiledGod,"I'm horrible at this game, my bases look like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I keep resetting every hour or so.But I can't stop. It's too addicting. I have work tomorrow, but... It has its claws in me and I don't know if I'll ever be let go..."
,Recommended,427520,21512007,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheDickOfDestiny,"Pretty amazing game. You think ""oh, I'm only going to play for a few minutes"" then next thing you know it's 4am and you're still trying to get your rail system working correctly.My only con is that sometimes it's easy to lose where your character is on screen. Only a minor squabble, however. Very excited to see what is to come for this game."
,Recommended,427520,21512299,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Rasputin,"Often I look for games that bring that great feeling back. That endless, explorative, creative feel to it. Where your mind is your limit. As strange as it may look/sound, this game is that.If you love logical construction of intracate systems that work beautifully... buy this game."
,Recommended,427520,21511399,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ma,Get it.
,Recommended,427520,21510193,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Tarman,Buy it!
,Recommended,427520,21510240,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,essk,The only bad thing I have to say about this game is that I'm very sad I didn't discover it earlier. It's fantastic!
76561198023514143,Recommended,427520,25895581,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,A Clockwork Orange Juice,"It's like heroin, but without the needles."
76561198018477023,Recommended,427520,25898443,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Barack Obama,Ruined my life
,Recommended,427520,25901645,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,grubolsch,"Game is already very fun to play - and still under egular development.Even IF they would stop updating now - it would still be a really good game.I can really recommend this game if you like building games.I just took 2 days vacation with a friend to play Factorio non-stop, and we are planning to do it again around christmas."
76561198006787122,Recommended,427520,25893312,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,KingKongdoor,Game is pretty much pure awesome. If the name and look of the game strikes your curiosity then i suggest buying it. You will not be disappointed. I dont even know how the game can get better than its current state. After 40 hrs of play the game still feels like it keeps getting bigger with every step.
76561198033487747,Recommended,427520,25890376,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Watchmaker,This game is a time machine that only goes in one direction.
76561198069328574,Recommended,427520,25893238,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Blackspartan54 | Farmskins.com,This game is cocaine.
,Recommended,427520,25811393,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,◌○●Kilkap●○,"if you dont think making huge factories isnt awesome enough... Then the mods for this game will change your mind. The game by its self is amazing, just get it xDD £15 is so worth your money."
76561198257527245,Recommended,427520,25811538,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ink sack,"Factorio is one of the more unique games I own on steam. I say this because the concept of this game is very thorough. You start out with nothing in a deserted world where your main goal is to get to the moon. By doing that, you must create factories to help you survive and defend yourself against aliens. Overall, I think this game is really fun and it makes you think of different ways to work with what you have. I recommend this game to people who like strategy."
,Recommended,427520,25810204,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CreepyOwl,It's price tag is $20.00 instead 19.99. Is that not enough to convince you to buy this game?
,Recommended,427520,25848890,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RiP_CoRd,So far a great gameReally gets you thinking and problem solving.
76561198122111567,Recommended,427520,25845644,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,BeefyCerberus C137,"One word, Addicting"
,Recommended,427520,25845930,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ploot-O,Top down survival game about colonizing an alien planet.HELL YEAH!
76561198014694679,Recommended,427520,25840444,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dinossauro™,Excellent!!!!!
76561198323677731,Recommended,427520,25426662,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dicocraft,I really like this game and would call it the engineer's game. It doesn't work on my apple computer but once I tried it on a pcit worked fine.
76561198152074515,Recommended,427520,25445794,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ASaltyCracker,Super fun game! My only issue is that when my friends connent to y server it takes FOREVER for me to upload and for my friends to download. But other than that 10/10
,Recommended,427520,24052530,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,eXdem,This game... it just never ends. There is always something to do. Fix one problem and you inadvertently cause another. Saturate your production lines and realise your out of power. Fix the power and your low on production... Pls send help.
76561198272180472,Recommended,427520,25465116,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sam Kidd,"Always get sucked into the game, it's great and gives me something to do when I'm bored"
,Recommended,427520,25460624,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BumbaGET on GNU/Linux,This comment has been automated.
76561198166639188,Recommended,427520,25491292,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Tammed,wonderful build game!
,Recommended,427520,25493013,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Oasistu,"Another brilliant game.-Very original-Great for replaying infact the game itself is indirectly built for replaying,the game is so complex and interesting that half way through building your first factory you will start again having noticed a way you can improve it and make your factory far more efficient. - Or atleast people I know and myself who have played the game have replayed it several times, creating a new factory in a more efficient way than the last, as though the overall objective is to continually restart new factories in a better and more efficient way that the last.-Graphics don't look modern but they are built in a way that suits the game, they're not ultra high resolution, they're sort of old and refined for this factory game in a way that suits it, very good for people with lower spec PC's who should be able to run the game even with mods on - which is another point I'm getting to.-Great modding capabilites, there is a Factorio mod section on a Forums website, with many different ways to improve and expand the game free of charge there are so many ways you can play the game and restart with different technologies to research and new objectives or enemies.Great for players who enjoy a challenge.Not an easy game to play, though is extremely fun for players who want to figure out how to build new factories and expand using robots, blueprints, logistics, from transport by foot to train and etc.Personal rating summary: 9/10 - Great game overall, enjoyed (and still do enjoy) playing it and am currently still improving my factory. This is a review based on solo-vanilla play, if I had a friend to play with that would mean enjoying the game a lot more than I already do and am still yet to explore mod options. - I have used one or two mods though I have not yet gotten properly into it and enjoying the full capability of the mods available."
,Recommended,427520,25510511,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ultrae Vires,"Fun, unique, addictive and a whole load of content. A great builder game that has many problem-solving aspects."
,Recommended,427520,25789787,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,My Family,"If you are a person who avoids early access games, think again. Factorio Is so far a time consuming, grinding, OCD, automation game (which checks every box about me).I dont care how much I get run over by my own train system, or swarmed by biters. I love Factorio and the effort the developers are putting into their community with the modding system, etc."
76561197974048807,Recommended,427520,25795024,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,General Maximus,"Described to me by a friend as 'Minecraft crossed with Sim City' and that's about the most accurate description I've heard of it. If you like either of those you'll find something to like here. And then it'll suddenly be six hours later, you'll need to go to bed but just after you finish this one last thing.... and then one more after that. It's that kind of game.Also, the modding community is huge and creative. So many awesome mods."
76561198181933707,Recommended,427520,25795170,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,**##__PACHECO__##**,"This game is just awesome, endless posibilities and monts of fun¡"
,Recommended,427520,26048797,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,pwl,Still a lot work to do but dev is on the right track. Make better multi; different trains (steam / diesel / electric)Already played so much and still dont have enough.
76561198308081311,Recommended,427520,26050016,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,The man named T,Its cool
,Recommended,427520,26039875,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,reapyrx,"Amazing, have only played  a little and so far it is everything minecraft could have been but did not do."
76561198136748421,Recommended,427520,26067382,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Frozen Ranger,"A verry lovable game that is definently worth the money, verry time consumeing though and great at time waisting. really shouldent be in ""early access"" if you ask me but the developers are polishing it nicely."
76561198159831865,Recommended,427520,30890998,Posted: 1 April,all,"[15th,AL(I)] Cpl. Jerk:",Factorio is a creative game and its fun as hell..If you like to plan complicated systems you will have fun doing it while defending your factory from aliens. Its has a classic feel and it was money well spent.
,Recommended,427520,22862623,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Lurien the Watcher,"Don't really have anything new to say, read the other reviews. I just had to recommend it because I love this game."
76561198142167618,Recommended,427520,26002323,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FinnOP,awsome fun
76561198039057193,Recommended,427520,25997245,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Crowex,"This is one of those games. You know what I'm talking about. There's a slight learning curve to this game and you have to use your brain constantly to progress in the game - you have to create your own, huge factory and overcome lots of problems but it's really rewarding."
,Recommended,427520,26001144,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ohm,Amazing game for anyone who loves creating systems and managing production efficiency and efficacy.
76561197993119967,Recommended,427520,26003740,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tyrindor,Give me my life back please.
76561197996081718,Recommended,427520,26034053,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sparda,this game is a full-time autism-porn that delivers you complete automatical ♥♥♥♥♥♥s all the time10/10 would bang
,Recommended,427520,26035117,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,CP7.IDdqd,"I have not had this much fun playing a (deceivingly) simple game in a very, very long time. Awesome!"
,Recommended,427520,26035665,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,CReactor,"Really, noone understands why this is one of the top-rated games on Steam!Until they play it.- Even after my 150+h of playtime I have experienced ZERO bugs. Yes some UI glitches but nothing gamebreaking.- That this game, which has more polish than most released titles by major studios, is still in early access shows the dedication and love for perfection of the developers.- Only by playing it you learn to love the simplistic and beautiful visual design of the game. It looks antiquated at first glance but boy are you wrong.The game is addictive as hell, but thankfully the addiction subsides after ~100h playtime, instead of grinding it 24/7 I fire it up once a week and work on my base. I seriously hope devs will take their time with the next update."
,Recommended,427520,22542153,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,rbrucemtl,"HD is on it's way... that is all I needed to be able too say ""This is my all time favorite game!"""
76561198156464106,Recommended,427520,26052027,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,scotts5268,Best game I've seen in a long time.
,Recommended,427520,26020835,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pyrrhus,Factorio has earned a permanent spot on my Favorites list. I'd recommend it to anyone who aspires to inefficiently manage a million miles of ever expanding production line while fending off aliens.
76561198117426824,Recommended,427520,26021218,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jackir,Great game!
76561198249378158,Recommended,427520,26030748,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sasquatch777,Truly one of the greatest games anyone will ever have the chance to play. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,26028348,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Riftcore,Great game but the campaign needs some work :)
,Recommended,427520,25979870,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Icedblood,"This is a strategic game about building factories as aliens burn everything to the ground. It's still early access right now, but it has more than enough content to be considered a completed game. I would recommend it to people who enjoy the micromanagement of resources in other games. 9/10-One of my favorites."
76561198047757624,Recommended,427520,26188308,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tavis,"I'm going to be absolutely honest, clear, and plain about this.I love this game SO MUCH. I also haven't played it in months or more. Why?I can't live life while I play Factorio.It's the most addicting game I've ever played, and I used to sample MMO's on the weekends and be done with them by Monday morning.I have 300+ hours logged, and I don't think I played for more than a month. Just one. Considering a single week is 168 hours, I spent nearly two weeks out of a single month playing this game. I got up early to play it. I stayed up late to play it. I left it on overnight sometimes to get research done faster.For that month, this game dominated my EVERY WAKING MOMENT.And most of my sleeping moments too.When I went to bed, I was planning renovations to my base as I fell asleep.When I dreamed, I dreamt of playing Factorio. I dreamt of the factory. I dreamt of making it bigger. Expanding. Improving. More bots. More mines. More refining. More. Always more.My life was starting to collapse around me as I played on endlessly.I had to stop for fear I would never do anything else again.If you can handle the addiction, buy it. Play it. Love it.If you have any doubts about whether or not you can handle it? RUN. DO NOT LOOK BACK."
76561198112585271,Recommended,427520,26198564,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Rainbow,"This is a great game, though there is potential for some improvement. This game, as of writing is very interesting. The UI looks good, inventory is a breeze to use, and the tutorial level is good, and doesn't overload you. Multiplayer is a bit of a drag however, if another player has bad latency, it will slow the game down for everyone. I've also daddled with modding, and that too is also good, provided you can find the right tutorials.In it's current state, the game is very much playable and very fun! Watch out though, as I read rumors of this game eating through your homework time!Audio 4/5Gameplay 5/5Textures 5/5UI 4/5Overall 3.5/5"
,Recommended,427520,26198292,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,PETJATRON2000,I love this game!
76561197971515855,Recommended,427520,26199428,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,IntelJoe,"Where to start:Factorio is by far more of an addiction than a game, it inspires the mind to think ""out-side-of-the-box"" on a level that Sim City tries to aspire to. Factorio is about planning, strategy, automation, production, and ""how-coud-I-do-this-better"". From the early stages of the game to the late game you will find yourself thinking ""I could re-design how that works and get a little more production out of it"" and ""I need to increase energy production again"".Graphics: Nothing fancy, the graphics remind me of an old-school strategy game from maybe the late 1990's or early 2000's but it's much more than that. You don't simply by Factorio because of the graphics, but the graphics are appealing and they are (as of this writing) about to release version .15 (the dev's claim this is the last version before the coveted 1.0) and are including HD textures which make the game very asthetically appeasing. But overall you play Facotio for the complex gameplay and depth.Sound: The sound works, I am not overly impressed with the sound. It is standard. Factories sound like factories and trains sound like trains. It fits the game, but I don't think it stands out as a prime feature.Gameplay: The game is fairly balanced and has a lot of depth. You can play this game thinking it will only be fore a couple of hours but it ends up being days and days. I have built a few different types of factories and I keep looking back on how it grew from only a couple of miners to a sprawling empire connected by trains spread over thousands of squares.Multiplayer: This has been improved on greatly from previous versions. I personally don't use multiplayer as much but I find it a very appealing experience for people that want Factorio in the ""cloud"".Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,427520,26196436,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,flemga,"Absolutely BRILLIANT. Plays as easy as Endless Space, easy to get into, yet complex in itself. You WANT to push yourself further, upgrade this, tweak that... and before you know it, 10 HOURS gone! buy with ease and enjoy all who love management games. :-) Endgame a bit lacking, but hey, its a well rounded early access, and will keep you busy for hours on end."
76561197992264056,Recommended,427520,26156047,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sanguinarius,"So I dont often review games, but this game deserves one.Its amazing and it will ruin your life. You will start dreaming about factorio and balancing belts.Get it."
76561198017159067,Recommended,427520,26156142,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Samuyoo1,Great game. Very Addictive!
76561198165655809,Recommended,427520,26154760,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,GamerGuy,"You ever wanted to create a planet-spanning factory that produces things that take miniutes to craft by hand? No? Too bad.This game is cocaine's and herion's demon love child. You'll always need something and, like every other human, you'll always be a lazy MF that refuses to do it the answer? Automation. And it'll get very out of hand very quickly.Pros:Great Online play and Local play.Great Single Player.Amazing Sandbox modeFun ""challenges""Mods add so much more funIs updated farily regularlyCons:Mods are almost always one step behind most advanced version so to play them need to run previous versonsStrange Tier-Like system for unstable releases/ updatesUnder constant attack late gameBuidings/Placeables become obsolete very quickly"
,Recommended,427520,26181850,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pacaur -Rc cs:go,A game where you build factories to automate automation. Really fun to play with although it could be frustrating to figure out at the beginning.
76561198271049667,Recommended,427520,26181974,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,JefferyThunder,"This game is AWESOME, I mean at first you might want to look on a wiki, but other that that it is a wonderful game 11/10"
76561198132681441,Recommended,427520,26176066,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Neko San,"I am going to try my best at explaining this game but please don't judge my grammar please.So you start with just some iron and you make an axe to cut trees, you do so and well but you need to make machines and well that stuff. This game has lots and lots of content and if you like games with stratigy and base building stuff then this is pretty good. This also has a bit of combat (like in the trailer) but thats more important at middle/end game. It's very very complicated when you get to sertain points but when you get done with it it's really... nice I guess? nevermind. You didn't do your science class? Well me neither because I don't even get one ;(. I really recomend it but at some points it gets boring because you are stuck with something. (devs please add more content)I would say ""worth it"""
76561198155899756,Recommended,427520,26176467,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sandwich,I have finally found the perfect game...
,Recommended,427520,26181160,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,A Wild Jolteon!,"This is a great game, sucks away hours of your life playing it and you will only notice how much time has gone by when you are closing the game. Soon you will need to set an alarm just to go to bed.I recommend to play the campaign since it is the tutorial of the game to teach new users the basics of the game.Pros:Lots of mods to downloadDo not even need mods to have fun with this gameRecreating your factories to optimize outputExplore the map using trainsCons:Early game can be tiring to get through on multiple playthroughsLate game can be stagnant after launching a rocket"
76561198092292667,Recommended,427520,26153417,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,CoptanFinact,"Awesome game! I can't believe it's still only in early access. So much content that will last you awhile. Factorio has a modding community too, making it all much better. Definetly worth the money at it's full price. Keep up the good work guys!"
,Recommended,427520,26153440,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Hotwired Baby,"Get Bob's mods and you're set for a long, wild ride"
76561197998943153,Recommended,427520,26138822,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,HaVoc(ZA),"Simply one of the most addictive games that I have played in years. Getting better and better with each patch. And on top of it all, a modding community which adds even more replayability.  As far as cons... your marriage and social life will suffer for it."
76561198077806376,Recommended,427520,26153041,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Magicboys,it kool
76561198032498303,Recommended,427520,26153246,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MK_CRISPR,"I have only sunnk in roughly 7-8 hours so far, so my review will be based upon this limited play time.  I am absolutely impressed.  The premise of this game is you land on a planet with a gun and a pickaxe and your end game goal is to craft technology required to launch a space ship.  Along the way you are also faced with the challanges of defending your factory from aliens species who want to attack and destroy your creation.  The game is still in early access and it already has a WEALTH of working creative content.  I mean it.  This game reallty feels like a full price game from the 90's with how much work and care has gone into crafting it and it is yet to be finished!   Anyone who enjoying large building and production sims along with base builders will probably deeply enjoy this game.  The game is currently 20 bucks and i would be willing to even pay 30 for it.  I would not hesitate to pruchase this if it is a gmae you think you would enjoy.  Not to mention it has multiplayer capabilities up to the toon of 250 players.  Not officially supported yet but it is doable through the game client and you can check it out on youtube."
,Recommended,427520,26169824,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,natintin,This is an awesome game!  Feels quite retro.  BUY IT!
76561198044758348,Recommended,427520,26171527,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,JUSC999,"Love that game, nice atmosphere too. By the way other developers out there, the reason why I actually bought this game is because there is a DEMO that really makes you want to buy it. If there would not have been a demo, i'd probably never tried it. So.... MAKE A DEMO FOR YOUR GAMES!!"
,Recommended,427520,26967949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrWastedPanic,"Never has a game made me look up at the clock and say ""HOLY S***! Where has the last day gone???"""
,Recommended,427520,26954062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,quikchaos,SO SATISFYING.
,Recommended,427520,26954167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bork,"THIS. GAME. WILL. NOT. LET. YOU. LEAVE. Once you begin playing, you wont ever stop."
,Recommended,427520,26954447,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hrriss/Tal,"This is a base building and production managment and optimization game with some combat thrown in if you want it.Pros+ Being very activly developed and lots of updates and developer interaction with community+ Already a solid game and more being added all the time+ Active modding community and developers supporting it.+ Solid gameplay and mechanics+ Combat is optional+ good fun optimizing you base layouts and production+ Wiring and circuit systems are powerful and useful now though still tricky for newcomers to figure out on their own unless they have that sort of background already.Cons- not much of a tutorial on later game techs making a few components hard for people to learn, though the community has produced good guides for those who go looking.- no story- can struggle with large numbers of items/aliens on screen at once- combat is solid but could do with more variety on both enemy and weapon types.- only one end goal, build rocket, which can get repetitive.There used to be more cons but developers have fixed the major ones i had and the modding community had work arounds even before that."
,Recommended,427520,26955449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hyph,"If you love games about efficiency, you'll love factorio. This is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,427520,26955805,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Null,You are your own worst enemy.
76561198126310010,Recommended,427520,26953956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CampRed,"At first glance it look so simple and not so interesting, but after several mins, I can't have enough of this game and can't stop playing.This game gameplay is so simple but it has endless possibilities and not mentioning lots of mods that would make this game goes to another stage.And it still in progress so can't wait to see new addition in the game."
,Recommended,427520,26956449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shozo the Pozo,This has to be one of the most fun games I've ever played. The amount of automation you can achieve is basically limited by your imagination.
,Recommended,427520,26954707,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xenogenesis,moo
76561197978699072,Recommended,427520,26954814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tiosan,This game encapsulates logic puzzles so smoothly and organically that you never even realize than you are building your own challenges and milestones until you've run face-first into them.  It is like brain-crack!
,Recommended,427520,26954931,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Coont,One of the largest time sinks I have ever played.
76561197964077977,Recommended,427520,26945068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Wätscheinafeyce,complex and great
,Recommended,427520,26945408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aviato,The ultimate building stuff game!
,Recommended,427520,26950777,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Travesty,It's crack for software developers. You can easily lose large amounts of time to this game.
,Recommended,427520,27068901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valenz,Best time sucking game in the world. Play until your factory runs itself and then watch the game play itself. What's the point of this again?
,Recommended,427520,26929673,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slippy,"FUN. Sat down to play for a few hours, ended up being a few days..."
76561198013464335,Recommended,427520,26095068,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Scrud,"The wost part about this game is that once you start, you can't stop.  The night i bought this game, i went to bed at 10 am.  this game is soley responsible for my sleep schedule being thrown off regularly.  150 hours deep already, and it's still as satisfying as day 1."
,Recommended,427520,26108395,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Monarch,It's a pretty decent game if you like crafting and upgrading through crafting... also assembly lines.decent ammount of management skills needed if you want to go far kid.P.S. very addictive
,Recommended,427520,26108922,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Your Dad,Engineer capitalist simulator.
,Recommended,427520,25988040,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,My co-worker convinced me to buy it. He said I would wake up at night thinking about ways to increase efficiency in my factory. I didn't believe him. He was right. 10/10 would anger gf again.
76561198021469810,Recommended,427520,26088030,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Casa07,I must say this has got to be one of the best games I have ever played.Such an amazing game I love it!
76561198047341935,Recommended,427520,26081009,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,e-wok345,"A great logistics and production management game for people who hate nature:Got a forest in the way of your new oil refinery? Pull out a flamethrower and burn the whole forest to the ground!Extremely complex: Managing a large number of machines and making sure the supplies get to where they need to can be hard at first, but it's easily learned.Very addictive: I have never played this game for less than two hours straight.And it's got trains: that's always a plus."
,Recommended,427520,26110331,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,It's all Ogre Now,"The only game review i will ever write a review forI was looking for a building/management game to fill the void left in me. Then i happened to stumble across this game. I looked at the videos and pictures and thought to myself, ""this is it, i  can go  full ocd making everything look neat and running perfectly"". Those words are but a shadow of their former selves.First time playing i just jumped right into a map, which i don't recommend, do the campaign first to get a grip on things. You won't regret it. Anway i am playing and just couldn't understand much and everything was not working, and that is when i read to do the campaign first.I tell you what, after doing it and then jumping into a map, i played for 30 hours straight.  It was all so innocent at first, all so simple. Conveyer belt goes here, inserter goes there, lab is placed there. I was not prepared for what was green science, and then blue. I spent 5 hours remaking my factory, replacing things, optimizing the process and then repeated it,  but spent more time for blue science.I had great fun, but stopped playing because it was gonna be a problem for me if i continued. I had idea after idea, it made me think and me question if i am doing the right thing and that is what is great. There really is no bad way to play the game. There are many set-ups you can do, you can make your factory yours. There is ideal set-ups, sure, but that gets hard when you struggle for space because it gets harder to expand and build when you already have a great setup.I am still haunted by dreams of conveyer  belts and inserters."
76561197981386284,Recommended,427520,26342108,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ark490,"This Game is Addictive! 270 hours in and still can find a reson to play and as soon as I feel like im done with one map im intrigued into starting another. Very inovated updates, and the game makes sense to play if you feel like something should work a certin way chances are it does and there is a key binding to do it! Would recommend this to anybody that like games such as Prison Architech, Rim world, or any Builder type games."
76561198008085753,Recommended,427520,26345159,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,thersen,one of best games - build and fight that i played from civilization time. hardly ever I recommend games - but that one is seriously goog
76561198032336361,Recommended,427520,26335495,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Duril,"Thsi game will make you lose trak of time and place!If you dont mind to be awake, 24/7 and dream about a game. Then this game is something for you!I love this game and cant stop playing it!Please devs, make more content, more combinations and eaven harder to end!"
,Recommended,427520,26404596,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dude_Geode_Miner,"good game, wood be cool if it had steam workshop support so the mod are eser to get, install and update."
76561197992800920,Recommended,427520,26400201,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Schrödinger,Great SoloGreat MultiplayerGreat CommunityJust Great
76561198084171759,Recommended,427520,26402011,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mogdu,"Very good game.I mostly want to make one point clear. As watching the trailer got me under the impression that the game was taking place in a restrictive tiny map. No.The map is endless.Just like in minecraft, it gets generated as you go. If I had known that earlier I wouldn't have waited so long before buying it.A big part of the game is going farther, expending your empire as you need to grab new resources, because your ore patches are depleting. That is when the use of trains becomes a necessity. That's when you need to fight the aliens to grab lands etc..My only regret with factorio is that by the end game you stop using the belts as the logistic bots are more efficient. And so it's a wole big fun part of the game that desapear. And then you only use your mind on trains really. Or you start looking into creative stuff like make a clock with the circuit network."
,Recommended,427520,26402352,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Obey The Kitty =^.^=,"Meow likes 10 out of 10 and now it has multi player what can i say great game for the price,"
,Recommended,427520,26401256,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TheDukeBoris,"One of the best logistic management games out there, a must buy!"
,Recommended,427520,27215128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Daniel Rebelo,Awesome game!
76561198142423045,Recommended,427520,27145585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ShadowMan,Best factory game ever
76561197981510151,Recommended,427520,27158412,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LonEE,Factorio is an amazing game with endless play time.
76561198022472757,Recommended,427520,27138384,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(Ssa)Dr. Choom,this game sucks you in.... then you realise its 6 am.
,Recommended,427520,27161749,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ariel,"An excellent game, keeps getting updated and the community is just amazing."
,Recommended,427520,27157985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mighty Brush,Facts are best
,Recommended,427520,27160715,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rashad,"For someone who likes automating stuff, this game is a must have!"
76561197992191928,Recommended,427520,27162482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DanDan,"This game is awesome, Looks simple yet it is so deep. I have lost so many hours into this game and also lost my computer to the kids playing this game also. Its awesome well worth the price"
,Recommended,427520,27162683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,•TheFinalCall•,Why didn't I find this earlier?
,Recommended,427520,27166824,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trickyni,Real men's cookie clicker.
,Recommended,427520,27206223,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kuroneko,"All the fun of logistics, with all of the pain of aliens wrecking your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,427520,27205160,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fraywind,"Don't wait for a sale, the devs have stated it won't happen.Incredible game that starts off very simple and gradually builds into a well oiled megabase or a giant plate of spaghetti, all based on automating and optimizing everything you can.  Very well polished with an active dev team that releases Friday Facts weekly and has an actual plan."
,Recommended,427520,27205291,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OB,It took me 30 hours to build a machine that will automate this review. Totally worth it.
76561198090803942,Recommended,427520,27205301,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sonikee,best game 10/10i just want to complete the task <3but the game is great.
,Recommended,427520,27211187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jay Gridley,I've had many nights where I've told myself that I'd just play for 5 more minutes just to have another 3 or 4 hours go by. This game is a lot of fun.
76561198060257882,Recommended,427520,27209420,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rehbraten,"Best example for ""5 more minutes"""
,Recommended,427520,27260048,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BarryKun,"Great game and great devs, cannot reccomend it more!Nominated ""Just 5 more minutes""."
,Recommended,427520,27264351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Amatwiedle,Watched a group of aliens get hit by a train.10/10 would clean the corpses off of the train again.
76561197993500303,Recommended,427520,27262503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gorebane,"Redefines ""Just 5 minutes more"". This game is making me fat, I've stopped going to the gym, and my savegames are entitled ""Bed time"" and ""Time for work"". If you're a perfectionist, this game will take over your life."
76561198040956061,Recommended,427520,26208895,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,johnnyc0822,"If you like minecraft and 2d graphics, you will love this. This game is a sandbox style game, yet instead of mining everything crazy in minecraft, this game promotes automation with another form of difficulty - sourcing and design. It's simple and complex at the same time. The more you build the harder the game goes as your enemies grows stronger as a response and follow up with a more violent behavior."
,Recommended,427520,26221466,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,retarded dinosaur,Good game but after you play it for a long time it gets boring like really boring because theres only so much to do
,Recommended,427520,26221599,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,CrazyGamer678,very fun game to play with friends
76561198023648058,Recommended,427520,26221816,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Scottishtroop,Jeez this game is so underated i never fancied it myself but cant stop playing now. BUY IT NOW or on sale :p
76561198303344232,Recommended,427520,26223774,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,atti,"This is a great game. However, I can't open my main world. The game says it's to big a file. Is it possible to fix that?"
,Recommended,427520,22287275,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Tutturuu~,"simply addictive, craft your own limitless factoryi was hoping the dev adds more of Public Multiplayer servers"
,Recommended,427520,22052993,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Kim Jong-Un,Build trainGiant zerg rushMow them all down with the force off 10'000 suns10/10
,Recommended,427520,26260140,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,can_o_crazy,"This game is a ton of fun to mess around in, I wish there were more mods for this game because it really is a fun game. I would recomed this game if your looking for a fun sandbox type game that you can invest a lot of time in, its really easy to start the game up and start playing for any ammount of time."
76561198015991051,Recommended,427520,26263621,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,louwrentius,"This game is absolutely fantastic. I've probably a few person-weeks on this game, it's just so much fun to build your own factory.The trick is that you bootstrap yourself from scratch: you start with nothing, but over time things that were once a lot of work will become very simple to accomplish with new technology and tools.This allows you to scale your factory to bigger and bigger sizes, improving throughput.Anyone who loved Settlers or Transport Tycoon Deluxe or OpenTTD will be totally addicted.That's the only problem with this game: it's more addictive than all known addictive substances in the world combined.That's a compliment."
,Recommended,427520,26263663,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,zornor,A game about automation and teching up to increase the amount of automation you can automate. Very moddable with a great deal of replay value. Also has trains. Highly recommended to anyone who's enjoyed Tekkit/Feed the Beast.also it's addictive as ♥♥♥♥ help
76561198244342600,Recommended,427520,26357322,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,gorf76,Best $20 you'll ever spend.  Buy this and any Zachtronics game and you'll never be bored again.
76561198233456712,Recommended,427520,26365295,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Legolas,GREAT game best to play with friends but that dont stop you playing it on your own i bought this game a week ago and i cant stay off it
76561198063152118,Recommended,427520,26345712,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DOGE,>Downloaded Factorio>???>What is that giant glowing thing in the sky and why does it keep going up and down?
76561198009694312,Recommended,427520,26359842,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mags80026245,After playing the demo I knew this game was for me.  One of the best games I have ever played.  And it's still in development!
,Recommended,427520,26360231,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MusicMango,"Absolutely love this game.The factories are simple but making them work can be complicated, especially when working with limited space.Sometimes I have to completely redesign a factory to make it more efficient.I haven't completed the Game yet, but will soon :PMaking train netoworks is very satisfying with signals and junctions.100% Would reccomend for a creative and/or logical mind."
,Recommended,427520,26297886,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KhaoticPupper,"All my factories are automated. building it was easy, fun and time consuming. Great Game."
,Recommended,427520,26314647,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CrazyBFG,I spent 50 hours on this in the first week. It's a great game.
,Recommended,427520,26273147,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sod,"Great game - Very addictive. Think Minecraft with a sprinkle of Sim City, mixed with some top-down shooter aspects, all mashed in with a model railway game on steroids. A genre of its own.Takes the hoarder aspects of Minecraft and lets you automate them all. It's like somebody has managed to gamify programming concepts.  There's always something bigger and better to build, and once you exhaust your resources at one location you'll need to build a transportation network of mines and refineries. NPC aliens' bases are tough as nails to kill (at least early in the game). This is the first game in years that I've lost an entire weekend to.The only drawback for me is that game-time is a bit long - you're probably looking at a multi-hour play session - it's certainly not a candidate for killing 15 minutes at a time."
,Recommended,427520,26315764,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dankerprouduct2,Awesome Game
,Recommended,427520,30899511,Posted: 2 April,all,Jimmy 2 Angles,"One of the best games I've ever played, packed with content and things to do, constantly trying to optimise your current lay out and killing enemy bases. On top of this, the modding support/community for the game is massive and very well supported, mods are easy to install and provide even more content and things to do. Hours will go by as you grow your factory, addictive, challenging and thought provoking."
76561198165136330,Recommended,427520,26707390,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SKILLITOR,"Highly Recommended if you like Building, Logistics, Defence, Strategy, Etc!11/10"
,Recommended,427520,26702920,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kfl3xx,200 hours in and I still consider myself a noob with alot to learn... welcome to Factorio. Great game.
76561198161998467,Recommended,427520,26703709,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,A Very Guilty Person,420/10 MLGs' RatingsOh baby a triple thousand game time!!!Confirmed by the Illuminati to brain wash you 420 hours!!!420% more 360 NO-SCOPE gameplay!!!
76561197971697858,Recommended,427520,26703718,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kallanthre,"Excellent automation/crafting/ survival game. It reminds me of a civilization game but instead of automating people, you're automating production of items in shorthand crafting. Prerequisites to the higher end items require a bulk production of the lower end items, creating a complex game of strategy and goal achieving. Sandbox ability allows for endless experimentation and there is no wrong way to play. Peaceful mode allows players to construct their creations with relatively no risk to having their creation attacked. Graphics and some minor balancing issues are the only low parts, but makes up for it in its complexity."
,Recommended,427520,26705877,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Prince Cloud,"Best game for being lazy. Just look up what you want to build, then build it and sit back and watch it do the things for you!"
,Recommended,427520,26706107,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kaz,"Ruined my class attendance. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys engineering, puzzles or general problem solving.Says early access at the moment, but don't be fooled, this has twice the content of most $60 games.The only drawback is that it never goes on sale, not that it isn't worth every penny."
,Recommended,427520,26652039,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,garretttron,"Great game very aducting and thats gooooood, but it need steam workshop."
,Recommended,427520,26648913,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bunsley,Goooooooooood
76561198171547466,Recommended,427520,30911827,Posted: 2 April,all,Izzydedyet,Awesome game all around.
76561198161421093,Recommended,427520,26665420,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,NormallyNormal,"Yes, there are some bugs.That's why you need guns, to stop the bugs from eating your inserters and assemblers."
76561198301338912,Recommended,427520,26665451,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Crazy Ole Abe,250 Hours in... and I still love it!
,Recommended,427520,26665719,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dr-Spacetime,Simply perfect! Great game and great devs!
76561198108780887,Recommended,427520,26667444,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Xero,i like trains
,Recommended,427520,26670274,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,treecast,"this game is, well amazing. i have had this game for almost a year and i still haven't completed it yet.only like 1 or 2 bugs in multiplayer and runs a bit slowly on max graphics, but still a very good game and feels complete already"
76561198032095348,Recommended,427520,26693745,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,lev211d,I've given up sleeping for the last two weeks playing this game.  There have been about 5 moments when I've figured out something that pretty much turns this into a new game again.  Highly recoommend it!!!!
76561198043379927,Recommended,427520,22400407,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,maxilboia,THE game. Best 20 euros spent in my life.This game is so good I would happily buy 2 copies of it just to show my love to the developers.
76561197961698234,Recommended,427520,26716604,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Silvermatic,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,427520,26717543,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,General Tso's Chicken,I only played this for one day..... I shut it off after almost 22 hours. It was pretty addicting.
76561197970497094,Recommended,427520,26718248,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SpectreWolf,"I might have written a review for this game already, but I'm going to write another one.  The devs of this game spend an inordinate amount of time making sure it runs fast, clean, and smooth.  You can set up soooooo much automation for everything, and it works just like you see in their gameplay videos.For those who like sandbox, mining, and building games, this is a must have."
,Recommended,427520,26733955,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,d3yyx,Really addicting game 11/10
,Recommended,427520,26115986,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Batman434,260 hours in and I still cant train 10/10
76561197970384883,Recommended,427520,26170055,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,92%
76561198070841108,Recommended,427520,26172202,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dtrain_111,It's crack for smart people
76561198088399357,Recommended,427520,26136201,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Shin Chan,buy it.
76561198246405756,Recommended,427520,26133402,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,JustDirk26,Best game I EVER played!!!!! love it! :D
,Recommended,427520,26136968,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DJP,DANK AND ADDICTIVE
,Recommended,427520,30892353,Posted: 1 April,all,m_j_lyons,"Wow.  Bought this game kind of on a whim based off the reviews but I can honestly say that I'm getting addicted to figuring out how to dominate my world.  The tutorials can be a little more clear with better direction on how to do some of the actions to build up but once you get the hang of how items are placed, connected, modified and expanded you quickly build experience by doing.  And it doesn't take long!  Great game and a certain way to end up on the couch for ""ignoring"" your significant other and family.  To remedy that I haven't touch the game since last night but I'm getting up extra early tomorrow to make up for it!  Those bitters MUST DIE!"
76561198280657307,Recommended,427520,22655531,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DalekMaster24,"This game is the most amazing game I have ever played. Some people say that it's too complex and you won't get much out of it. Well. They're 100% incorrect. My favorite part of the game is that I often have no clue what I'm doing. The recommended setting if you're looking for a fun time with some friends is enemy bases on very high and very big. This will ensure that the game is not too easy and you have a tough time expanding to receive land and recources. This game is the most played game in my library and I got it just under 3 weeks ago. You'll definatly get a TON of hours of it and I'm sure you'll have a great time. Some people say that its too easy to kill off enemies and you don't have to worry about pollution. Well, as I mentioned earlier, with the correct settings you can make it so that you will need some serious firepower to gain land and recources. When I first got tanks I figured I could take out aliens pretty easily. I was VERY wrong. And to show you how good this game really is, I'll even correctly punctaute my comment."
,Recommended,427520,26118512,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CorporalPunishment,"If you like refining how you do things and building empires from scratch, this game is a crack-addiction.Also, the developers are constantly improving the game and adding features. And if you want something else from the game, the mod scene is alive and well! Mods can be as tame as subtle rules tweaks to full-out tech-tree replacements.Recently multiplayer code got a complete revamp, so if you have friends who like the same types of games as you, it's ready to roll!Replayability is through the roof, so if this game is even remotely your cup of tea, i'd say go for it. If i was stranded with one game, this might very well be the one i'd take."
76561198072598506,Recommended,427520,26117329,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,BootyFace,I WANT MORE
76561197961269140,Recommended,427520,26619403,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,12oz Jesus,"Good design, fun game."
,Recommended,427520,26616946,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ye,Replayable for 50 hours.
76561198076536538,Recommended,427520,30861798,Posted: 31 March,all,..,"My personal rating of course:First of all and to make it short:- Do I regard this game a good one and do I recommend it?- Absolutely!I bought it in an rather early stage of early access.And even in that of course not finished state, I have not suffered one bug I could remember, everything was working well even in those rather rough form  (now 03/2017 its even better).It delivers fun, possibility to be creative and forces you to think going new ways inventing yourself solutions. Well done!A meamwhile huge amount of mods can prolong your gaming experience to an nearly infinite point into future. I regard this game as a highlight in the computer gaming genre and a positive example how to take care of customers. Developers give the impression they want to produce an perfect an excellent product. And in my opinion - they have done so.Thanks for many hours of fun - and many hours will follow."
,Recommended,427520,26596195,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AfroZulu,Great Game.
,Recommended,427520,26595931,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Eilibex,Im apparently bad at logisticsEverything is a messHelp
76561198306298818,Recommended,427520,26597116,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,rogerdanielbvansanteor,"The game itself is very complicated, which is a good plus for me. The graphics were fine, the concept was not that new, but the Devs have managed to make it unique on its own. I would have rated it 10/10 if it wasn't for a really major problem, well, for me that is: The game takes a long time to load. It took me an hour to load the game on a clean pc. Now, I'm not sure if it was my pc or if it has happened to others, but I do hope it can be fixed in the near future! For now, I rate it 8.5/10!"
76561198297357808,Recommended,427520,26591769,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DesertPlayzYT,this game is amazing i mean it seems it can and might be a trend its adicting and fun inly recoomendation to the developers os to add more content becuase when people get to a ccertain point of almost beating the game they stop playing or make a server and then let somone else build off it and then stop playing its fun dont get me wrong but need's to be in a way endless and better structered.
,Recommended,427520,21874195,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,GerryWJH,"FYI: If u have stuff to do, DON'T BUY THIS GAME!! This game is a TIME KILLER, A BLACK HOLE THAT SUCKS U IN AND U COULD NOT GET OUT. When I first saw the game trailer of this, I wasn't expecting it will be a good game. Then I went toFactorio.comand download the demo of it and decided to give it a try. So, it was 9 o'clock in the evening, I was thinking about just try it for 20 min and go to bed. However, the next time I looked at the clock, it was 1 am and that's because I finished the demo campaign.The next day, I couldn't wait for it to be on sale, so I just purchased it. Now I am dragged into a time killer machine. I came back from school and finishing the assignments and study guides. I just start playing it after dinner, so 7pm when I start playing, the next time I look at the clock, it's 3 am, and I need to go to school in 4 hr lol. So I have to turn it off and go to bed.This game says it's Early Access, but I will say it's ALREADY FINISHED! There's no glitches, no bugs, with 3 levels of graphic setting: Normal, Low, Extra Low.Campaign is pretty legit, it's basically a tutorial for new players to get familiar the game with the story line that ur spaceship crashed on the no man planet, and u need to build a industrial civilization by ur own.Multiplayer is FUN, although setting up a host is a little bit trouble, but once u r done setting up as a host, u can just send the IP address with port number to ur friends, yes, FRIENDS, this game can hold up to infinite players I believe in theory for multiplayer, and I am encouraging my friends to get it, so one of my friends got this and he is playing with me for 20hr already, another friend of mine saw the trailer and played the demo I sent him, he now falls in love with this game and deciding to buy this game in no time."
,Recommended,427520,26594254,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Flyboy Jack,So good.
,Recommended,427520,26610773,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kodiakjak,Over 600 hours since I bought the game 6 weeks ago. I need help.
76561198061138512,Recommended,427520,26610872,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Superhezy,Complexly simple
76561197979312961,Recommended,427520,26606308,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bizuex,"It is indeed very good. As an engineer, I spent many hours playing it. And to the old guys (>30) that love this game, a hint: minecraft + tekkit (engineer mod collection) is as good as (or even better)."
,Recommended,427520,26606748,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fenodar,"Very good engine and gameplay, infinite ways to play and organize the structures."
76561198124789437,Recommended,427520,26600791,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,oscar.cairns,"Good game works well, interesting mechanics"
,Recommended,427520,26600980,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[102] Plague Doctor,"I love this game to death - nothing more is needed to say, gentlemen.Although, I will add that the graphics update made it unplayable, but I'll one day get a better computer and play this masterpiece again.Nonetheless, I give this game a 9001/10."
,Recommended,427520,26610195,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SirCleatus,This game will seriously kill you... ITS SO DAMN ADDICTING!
76561197970696431,Recommended,427520,26607188,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Badacid.Velox,Just play it already...!
,Recommended,427520,26607343,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Deusolus,"Factorio is an INCREDIBLY smart and entertaining game, regardless of how many times you've played it. For first timers, it's an adventure to constantly build and discover new ways of automating and tweaking your setups for maximum efficiency. For veterans, it's a mental workout to layout hours upon hours of building ahead of time. Amazing game, especially if you love strategizing and building."
,Recommended,427520,26607460,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Helios,Amazingly addictive game. Highly recommend buying this game!
,Recommended,427520,26607618,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,djl1010,"The game is great, it's constantly being updated every week and bugs don't last very long. The graphics although primal, are still very pleasing. The mechanics of the game are great and the modding community is great. You can spend hours or even days playing this game nonstop. My only complaint with the game is the somewhat lack of an objective."
,Recommended,427520,27075732,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,andyt683,"This game has taught me I'm very good at making piles of spaghetti, no matter how much planning goes into it."
,Recommended,427520,27074468,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OxMaGeo,Great game
76561198010901437,Recommended,427520,27088598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shredtilldeth,"The ""Just 5 more minutes"" award is appalingly far from accurate. More like the ""Just 5 more hours"" award. The first time I started a multiplayer map with my buddy we started at 1pm. Played for an hour or so, then looked at the clock. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 11PM!! Not an hour later. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t we played for 9 straight hours and hardly noticed."
76561197968273721,Recommended,427520,27117924,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WeAntilles,"The most addictive thing ever made. Forget heroin or other drugs, this is the real one.It's really something for every type of player. You can do research, you can fight, you can create incredibly complex circuit networks you will never be able to figure out again if you don't play the game for a day or so and you start over again anyway.10/10 would by again."
,Recommended,427520,27114398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Miamato,"One of the best economical strategies for last few years. Gives endless options for optimizing you factory production cycles,  automation and programming."
76561198122775070,Recommended,427520,27114577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Azotize,10/10
,Recommended,427520,27133407,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DUX,All repeating cycle of more this -> more that -> more this again
76561198009556865,Recommended,427520,27152204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sam,"This is an excellent sandbox game for anyone that likes crafting and automation of that crafting. It has a traditional 2d graphics style of the late 90s and an infinite world to build a sprawling factory in. You don't just have the end goal of creating automated rocket launches you can also automate defenses and construction to expand and pacify the local alien bugs.Mods are highly recomended, especially Bob's mods that extend gameplay by hundreds of hours. This game doesn't use the workshop but thankfully this game has an incredible dev team that has made modding Factorio better then any platform I've ever seen, so almost every mod is solid and stable.The game receives updates every few weeks with major changes. Just one look at the news feed and you can see dedicated programmers making great performance updates with content on the side rather then vice versa."
,Recommended,427520,25860186,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Lofter,Amazing game !! Highly recommand !! Spent hours on it.
76561198214604860,Recommended,427520,25857751,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dudeicle,"Awesome game, I totally recommend this even though it is KILLING my productivity IRL. I am very excited to see what sort of Mid-game and End-game content they add, and I hope it is militarily based and develops the Aliens into a more effective and centralized enemy and maybe adds robotic military options for the player? One bug I have found is that it seems to not register with steam when I play, each time I play steam treats it as the first time I have opened the game. I only got the game about 5 days ago and already have a 40+ hour game. Obviously this bug does not effect the enjoyment of the game, I just hope I can get to sleep at a reasonable time tonight SMH.In summery GREAT game and keep up the good work! :)"
76561198006856012,Recommended,427520,25852202,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FirstCape,"Absolutely amazing game. Spent a lot of time using mods, then went straight back to the vanilla style and it's amazing. Can't recommend this game highly enough."
,Recommended,427520,25826815,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Endus322,"The game really keeps you busy, starting out may be slow, but it is amazingly fun to play"
76561198139834464,Recommended,427520,25832213,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Retromancer1,One of the few games that manages to be both complex and easy to learn.Lots of updates and a very interactive dev team are both pluses.
76561198081227593,Recommended,427520,25913303,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LanceFyre99,"Factorio is amazing.The most similar things I can think of are certain varieties of modded Minecraft, and Factorio is better than them in almost every possible way.Graphics: Not particularly high quality, but with the amount of bits and bobs that end up floating around, you can't really have super fancy graphics without hurting FPS.Speaking of FPS, Factorio manages to simulate the MASSIVE machines, items, and other entities any decent factory will have without suffering any noticable lag whatsoever. It's an amazing feat of programming, and it greatly improves the quality of the game.Sound: As with most sandbox games, I consider Factorio's BGM to be appropriate. Not particularly good, not bad, but fitting. I still usually choose to listen to other things while I play, but something is playing enough of the time that someone who requires auditory stimulation (like me) will probably be satisfied. The sound effects are similar: acceptable quality, and appropriate for the game.Gameplay:Pros:-Factorio is a sandbox game based around automation. Most such games (in my experience) have less building complex systems and more waiting for resources. Factorio manages to mostly avoid this pitfall through careful balancing, meaning that you have to spend less time waiting, and can spend more time making and fixing things (which is the fun part of the game).-Very active modding community. The large amount of mods available adds a lot of replay value, and the community shows no signs that they're stopping any time soon. It also help that you can install the mods easily by pressing some buttons in game, rather than having to fiddle with files manually.-Active Developers that care. As is, Factorio could easily be released as a full game, but the Devs continue to add to it and improve it. Weekly rundowns of what they're working on let users be involved in the development process. The best part? Like the modding community, the devs show no sign of slowing down any time soon.-MULTIPLAYER. While it's still not 100% optimized, you can play online with your friends. I've yet to try it myself (all of my friends that own Factorio have gotten bored of it somehow), but games like this are better played with friends. Just having the option is a plus.Cons:-Addictive. The vast majority of other reviews mention this, AND IT'S TRUE. Factorio progression requires you to set up large systems to produce and process various goods. As soon as you finish one project, there'll be another one ready for you. It's fun, and it draws you in.If you have trouble remembering to do things like eat, drink water, sleep, go to the bathroom, go outside, etc. when gaming, it might be a good idea to stay away from Factorio until you figure out a solution to your problem.Overall:Great gameplay and a decent amount of replay value make this game one of the best games on Steam.Don't forget to take breaks!"
,Recommended,427520,26094394,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,biotech is godzilla,more addictive than cocaine
76561198190357710,Recommended,427520,26094818,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mick Muffin,*with a friend*-lol already 72h-Wait WHAT?
76561198173602913,Recommended,427520,26095695,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Palbra86,"Factorio is worth every penny the devs are asking for.  Awesome job Devs, keep up the good work :)P.S. If your still reading reviews of this game, STOP and BUY it!!!"
76561198276994492,Recommended,427520,26173900,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Clockwork,This is a great game with the problem only being that there is no controller support.
,Recommended,427520,26238264,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Bloody,"One of the most addictive game over the last years, its small runs on nearly every PC. Even in its early development state it polished. The game it self puts you in controll of your own Factory, a huge industrail factory, that ♥♥♥♥♥ on the environment. The Aliens think so too :)I'm havin a great relaxing time playing this game hours and hours..."
76561198025738896,Recommended,427520,26235217,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,sorin,"Love it. Its a nice ""industry"" simulator. You keep building things to buld morethings to eventually launch a rocket into space..."
76561198024725443,Recommended,427520,26299557,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,troy.wigginton,This is the best game that I have ever played in my 20+ years of computer/ console gaming.
76561197968988764,Recommended,427520,26303116,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Calego,Build trains that can run over you!  It's great fun!
76561198061771100,Recommended,427520,26303209,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,antihero.mc,"Basically it's crack in videogame form. If you like management/creative type games, GET THIS. But warn your family because they probably won't see you for a while. ;)"
76561198239936876,Recommended,427520,26283209,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BlueRain2015,Great game. Go buy this. Why are you still reading this review?
,Recommended,427520,26295902,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Takiton,Must Automate Moar!
76561198031316660,Recommended,427520,26291586,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Decord,love this game!!! play it like crazy!
,Recommended,427520,26293849,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Prof. Chungus,Power armor makes me feel like master chief. Any game that makes me feel like master chief did something right.
76561198127651943,Recommended,427520,27503959,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kryptype,"Definitely one of the most addicting games I've had the privledge to play on stem in quite some time. Even at the price of $25.00, Factorio provides substantial bang for your buck, with hours upon hours of addicting factory micro-management style gameplay - well worth your time, and well worth the purchase (even considering it is still only in early access - as a standalone game right now, it would also be well worth your time!)"
76561198005640718,Recommended,427520,27502514,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lky711,Surprised me and cannot put it down.
76561198007291182,Recommended,427520,27503400,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Loki_Wolf,"It's supply chain management the game, hated the class, love the game... 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,27480378,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Peterson,Great game.A lot of tools you can explore.And it puts your brain to work on some things.
,Recommended,427520,27531680,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Knoobs,Very nice.
,Recommended,427520,23714619,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Amarandwolf,"i've played settlers 2 back in the days, anno 1602 or 1602 AD as most non germans know the game,transport tycoon i loved the most. you see my point, i completly love logistic games.and then there is factorio, where you do noting else then building the largest logistic network mankind has ever seena great game, and hell its only an alpha version...if the alpha is this great, how far can factorio become?buy it if you love good building games...^^edit for the steam awards badge: still would play it for days..."
76561197995221176,Recommended,427520,27532825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SquintyMcSquint,"Start out with nothing and no clue, end up with a giant sprawling spagetti mess of a factory which is your pride and joy.10/10 would play again."
76561198072293064,Recommended,427520,27554633,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trevor,Great Game!
,Recommended,427520,27554413,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,redsoxfantom,"Ingenious. I heard about this game from reading a review on20sidedtale.com. I checked out the demo and was hooked within seconds. If you like examining the minutae of a complex system to make it more efficient (i.e, if you're a programmer), you'll love this game."
,Recommended,427520,27552573,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LuCkEr-,10/10 Would play with mods again.
76561198164035363,Recommended,427520,27539785,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dwaashoofd,This is one of the most addicting games I know.Easy to play hours at an end especially with mods installed.
76561197992622815,Recommended,427520,27539790,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,vanHell,Just try the demo! Either you buy it instantly or the game is not for you. There is nothing in between.
,Recommended,427520,27545131,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maxwell,Makes one appreciate how crucial human desire to do nothing was to our progress as a species.
76561198245834706,Recommended,427520,27545677,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChickenFriedBikini,"At first I though this game would be boring and I would stop playing, but I love this game and would heavily recomend it to any player looking for a mix of difficulty and stategy"
76561198131239798,Recommended,427520,27546041,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silent,JUST BUY IT. DONT LET YOU FACTORIES BE DREAMS.
,Recommended,427520,27541580,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lopalos,"Just nominated this game for The ""Just 5 More Minutes"" Award due to the fact I have spent countless hours just doing one more thing before quitting... Amazing Game."
,Recommended,427520,27546334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dondergrons,This is just a weird little game. And it's amazing.
76561198010371742,Recommended,427520,27546347,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Danielsonx,"This is a lovely game, though it didn't keep me interested quite as long as I thought it would. The graphics can be a little wearisome, but the progression is smooth, and keeps one absorbed for quite a while."
76561198033845943,Recommended,427520,27546469,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zerozodiac,This game likes to eat your free time. You have been warned. If you don't mind that I can definately recommend this game.
,Recommended,427520,27553260,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ck41,This game is a very good example of how to make things right. The Devs try to listen to the community and they are not afraid to change things.Definitely a must have for fans of the automation genre.
76561198040533085,Recommended,427520,27553358,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lizardbart,"This game is pure automation, you start out with 0 automation and your goal is to automate everything. it is so much fun to figure out logistic problems, and set up a base aginist the native aliens, that only grow stronger the stronger you grow."
,Recommended,427520,27397681,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shino,This game is awesome and it's still in early access!
76561198088182906,Recommended,427520,27398836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LatinQuote,"Basically, I thought it was 12:00PM and it was a little late.Turned out it had been three days since i saw light.Only buy this game if you don't care about light and being able to gauge time.Or just buy this game. Because pure amazingness."
,Recommended,427520,27398995,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GreggBrain,"This game is such a dangerous time sink for me; even more so when I get some friends onboard. Realizing that every step of the way you are probably ♥♥♥♥ing something up massively and will have to re-build to be more ""efficient"" is both terrible and great."
76561198082358060,Recommended,427520,27399078,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SonOfKonzan,🐳 whale emoji
,Recommended,427520,27398073,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Forbesy,Literally the best game ever.
,Recommended,427520,27390368,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The_Ulf,I picked family up at the airport today and looked at the baggage claim belt and thought about how it was inefficiently sideloaded and could use faster belt upgrades.Please send help
76561198011886464,Recommended,427520,27399702,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MeGo,"Just "" 5 more minutes"" ... 5 hours later. Hmm maybe just 5 more minutes?"
,Recommended,427520,27431620,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,d3m0nic34gle,Just 5 More Minutes...
,Recommended,427520,27439399,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Teoman,"Only clocked in at 132 hours on this crazy game, but that number will sure as hell increase once nuclear power comes out!"
,Recommended,427520,27440727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coaster45,"Conveyor, conveyor belts everywhere"
,Recommended,427520,27440927,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Krayzy.be|Jere,1 word: AWESOME!
,Recommended,427520,27440930,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,A dead rat,"Nothing beats the feeling of a well optimised factory, but it'll be hours before you get there and you'll be engrossed the whole time.I wish it was easer to see the production ratios of a particular set of factories and furnaces together as a group in-game so you could predict shortfalls ahead of time, but experience helps with that. Being able to just move somewhere else on the infinite map and try again without starting from scratch really helps.Mods are plentiful and generally well made and the Devs are really responsive.If you like the transport tycoon games, give this a go."
76561198275524167,Recommended,427520,27521222,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hrmolen csgolive.com,"this game is just amazing.When you start a save file you start basic and slowly learn how the game works.When you start to automate your factory it gets complicated, and becomes a very intresting puzzle.Once you're finished with one thing you're able to procead to the next, and the next, and so on. Later into the game you have to what goes where and make it more compact, fight for territory expand you're factory and find more materials create logic systems, a full blown railway, diffrent entire factories assaing to diffrent things and the list goes on and on."
76561198009933540,Recommended,427520,27521727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kerberos Nora,If you have school be careful. This eats your time faster than minecraft.
76561197965169082,Recommended,427520,27520120,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mirona,Wonderful sandbox :)
76561197970861692,Recommended,427520,27519621,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sneaker,The ultimate crafting game
,Recommended,427520,27518197,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quantum Angel,"Its like the alarm in the morning ""5 more minutes"", factorio is gonna be more like ""5 more factories"""
76561198065715200,Recommended,427520,27518693,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,extremely official pepper shaker,Where did all my time go?
,Recommended,427520,27478026,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Totalnugget,"good game, but watch out...you might find yourself playing till 6 am and realize you have to work in 2 hours."
76561198169464552,Recommended,427520,30881202,Posted: 1 April,all,wallesamnavtsi,"This game is amazing. Watching a factory come together is stangely satisfying. Only downside is i cant sleep now, bacause i cant quit playing this game. I recomend this to anyone who wants a good game. It is in early acces, but it has zero bugs and runs smoothly."
,Recommended,427520,25795178,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,sakraf,Amazing game but be careful: very addicting! I spent 30 hours in the last 3 days on it... Help
76561198011832071,Recommended,427520,25801148,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dirty Space Monkey,Do I love this game?absolutely.Am I any good at this game?Dear God no.10 apples out of 10 oranges.
,Recommended,427520,25801817,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,J_Chef_Kennedy,Awesome game and with huge amount of mods fantastic replay-value.
76561198168555031,Recommended,427520,22981245,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ferrio_G,"This game should come with a Surgeon General Warning...""Warning, Factorio is highly addictitive, and may cause harmful affects towards your relationships, work, life and gaming balance, and has been shown to distract it's players from a good night's sleep.""Currently at 200 hours... I HIGHLY recomend this game."
76561198263689234,Recommended,427520,25796909,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Spunjbob,"Although the graphics are old styled, it doesn't bother me at all. This game isn't exactly simple, but once you THINK, you have the hang of it, you might not actually have the hang of it. The reason being is that this game is so detailed in gameplay and there is SO much to do. Once you start, you may say you're going to stop at some point, but it might take half an hour before you actually do stop."
,Recommended,427520,25671453,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,dewardes,"How to describe this game ?First of all, Early access games should all take a look at how it is handled here.Game is more stable than quite a few ""finished"" products, when there's an issue a patch is coming within a few days, devs are listening and are active with the community ...   All in all, it feels like a finished product with tons of small improvements and content added all the time.As far as logistics and production, this is spot on. You WILL spend hours tweaking little things left right up and down and you will feel happy about it because it's all running smoother ...   Then you will notice that it caused other issues somewhere down the line and have to fix that as well. And so on and so on.It might not be a game for everybody but If you like gestion, management games, this is for you.This game has a very active community with numerous amount of mods added all the time as those are extremely easy to create. Be aware though that between versions, mods might break.I can only recommend this game wholehearteadly to people who like tweaking and managing things (oh, and buy a new more powerful alarm clock !)"
76561197961969758,Recommended,427520,25632180,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,[O_o]Tehtarget,Simply awsome.
,Recommended,427520,25682146,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Xzenor,"This game has cost me so many hours of sleep already.. And I'm sure it's going to cost me even more.Graphics are terrible (no really, they are), audio is okay,. but it's just so increddibly awesome to automate your entire production line!Get this game! It may look like crap but it is so much fun to play!"
,Recommended,427520,25676795,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Commander Lakin,My thoughts on saturday morning before i bought factorio were:Man i dont know twenty bucks! I mean i tried a pirated version once but i spend a couple of hours with it and it was getting kinda meh.I dont know itll prob get boring pretty quickly but maybe i should give it a try and OMG why is it sunday already and why am i making only 500 solar pannels a minute!!!Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!
76561198183711198,Recommended,427520,25680788,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Marshmallow Dnker,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm pretty good...
,Recommended,427520,25683680,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Auxlin,(Five minutes after buying factorio): I don't see whats so special about the game. (25 hours later): Can't... stop... playing... FACTORIO!!!!
76561197976357368,Recommended,427520,25684330,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Shadowbluff,Simplistic yet complex. I can lose so many hours in this game. It's like crack to me.
76561197967810130,Recommended,427520,25642092,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,HungryHippo,"It's been a while since I've played a game where my first 8-10 hours of gameplay were interrupted only by necessary breaks.This game has construction well beyond any Sim City game combined with the crafting / resource gathering and real time movement / combat well beyond Minecraft.  It is also very much an idle game  However, unlike most idle games it really makes you work for it. It provides the ability to automate nearly everything.. which you have to do if you want to do anything interesting.  It also has Zerg expies and mood inspired by Diablo 2.  And graphics from Total Annihilation. Finally, for me it evokes nostalgia for the original Roller Coaster Tycoon.The game is surprisingly well designed and well done. You'll probably enjoy this game if you like building complex supply/demand routes while defending them from increasingly belligerent zer.. aliens.  I'm on my second world, as I created the first world with less aliens and, after those initial 8-10 hours of ""practice"", figured I could use the challenge and that I'd need to farm the aliens to feed the labs.The only thing really ""missing"" from the game is something to do aside from killing aliens and building things.  It's also a bit tedius that most of my main base is devoted to feeding an array of labs.  But I don't really care.  I've got plans for a new factory complex that's gonna solve my resource problems (for now).  And on my last recon I saw that a big alien nest has been setting up uncomfortably close to one of my lone oil pump outposts.So I'm gonna go take care of those things."
,Recommended,427520,25882193,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,arvid905,good game
,Recommended,427520,25880970,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,████████████████,Awosome game...
,Recommended,427520,25881883,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sunder,This is a very solid resouce management and base building game.
,Recommended,427520,25865838,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[FBPF] Jonco98,"This is by far a fun game to play, I have put countless hours into this game and it give me hours of entertainment. The beginning is a little slow, mining coal and iron and copper, but once you get miners for everything, its a breeze!"
76561198008432825,Recommended,427520,25861083,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SOSCookies,Very good game
,Recommended,427520,25861868,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Methendor,"Played this game at a friends house and was so impressed that i bought it as soon as i got home.  Absolutely love it!!  Similar to Minecraft Tekkit in a way, but much more addictive.  Looking forward to seeing what the game will become.  Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,427520,25862443,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Siscoprofit,A really incredible sim/rogue game. Highly recommend. Worth every penny. Be careful though it is a massive time vortex.
76561198043718434,Recommended,427520,25841219,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,LeafMuncher,"Where to even begin? If you enjoy games with a crafting system, puzzle games, management sims, tower defenses, strategy, planning, or just using your brain: this is the game for you. Each new step seems daunting at first, while exponentially more rewarding once you figure it out. You might find yourself unable to stop thinking about how to improve your setup until launching your first rocket. And that's just the tip of the iceberg! Multiplayer is great (especially over teamspeak or similar); Planning together and multi-tasking, sharing ideas. Then there's the mods that completely revamp the tech tree by including new basic materials, new tiers to pre-existing machines, completely new items you never thought you'd need until trying them out. There's just so much depth to Factorio that a review will never do it justice. Play the demo, buy it now!"
,Recommended,427520,25836595,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Idi Amin,-loads up game-spawns in and refuels furnaces-goes to build more train tracks-gets run over and killed by train-gets achievement-reloads autosave and goes back to train tracks10/10 would reload autosave again
,Recommended,427520,25775936,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,DreadCore_,You can get through a forest with a shotgun.
76561198027337849,Recommended,427520,26053779,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SkunkMonk,Best Walmart factory building simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,427520,26077701,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kynereth,"There isn't much I can add that other reviewers haven't said far more eloquently than I could. Point is, if you haven't bought this game you should do so right now. It has an absolutely addictive gameplay and an appealing art style."
76561198059326251,Recommended,427520,26075804,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Someone Named Alex,"Addiction: The Game.10/10, would lose days to this game again/"
,Recommended,427520,26076913,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ˢʰᵉᶦᵏᵒ (America's Ahmed),"I Tried to gift this to a co-worker , when he declined the gift and sent it to my inventory I removed him from my friends list.Would remove again 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,26074092,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dr.Livingstone,"If you are an engineer and/or into science and technology, you will love the challEnge."
,Recommended,427520,26074354,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shorvok,Time will straight up disappear when you play this game.
,Recommended,427520,26092715,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Junkrat,"This game is ridiculously good. I became addicted to it from the start. Once you start, you can't stop! You'll say you'll build only one more thing, but then you keep going and going and going, until you have one of the messiest masterpieces ever. It's a great game and I recommend it to every gamer."
76561197984030714,Recommended,427520,25990215,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BadgerSix,Easily the best strategy/sim game I have played in years.  You will start over countless times making things just a little bit more efficient every time.  Even my wife got hooked on it.
,Recommended,427520,25991098,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Augustus Savage,Really cool game logistically. I thoroughly enjoy playing it and its multiplayer too which is a bonus but singleplayer is still amazing. 11/10 would buy again.
76561197977679902,Recommended,427520,25989404,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,FortisVenaliter,"If you enjoy logic puzzles, don't buy this game.  You may forget to continue eating and sleeping if you do.Factorio is an amazing logic puzzle that naturally grows more complex and difficult as you move along.  The campaign is short and sweet (basically an extended tutorial) but the real fun is in the free runs.  I think the reason this game resonates with so many people is because the difficulty curve is PERFECT.  I never felt frustrated playing this game because whenever there was a problem, it was always incredibly easy to diagnose, and it was always a problem with my design, not with the game.  That's not to say these problems are easily fixed though;  As you learn, you'll probably want to start from scratch before reaching the endgame just because you know you can build it better with everything you've learned.Basically, this title is an absolute gem.  I would say they should charge more, but these user reviews are really the only way to advertise such an odd and brilliant game, and more people NEED to play it."
,Recommended,427520,25986894,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,toonit,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Somehow put in 30 hours within the weekend that I bought it.
76561198130233586,Recommended,427520,25954882,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dugtrio,"Hard but fair. the tech tree is massive and the pollution just keeps going up. my conveyor belts are all over the place, but it works. its fun single player and even better with friends. The enemies get progressively harder the more polution they take, its a fun challenge"
76561197968910235,Recommended,427520,26916908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Incognito,Super addictive
,Recommended,427520,26416791,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,dzsonni,"One of the most addicting games I have played recently. Fully worth it's price, and I rarely say something like that. It is not for everybody, so make sure you know what you are getting into."
76561198046847175,Recommended,427520,26499659,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Mike,Great game 9.5/10
76561198041841620,Recommended,427520,26538241,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zeyk,"Beautiful.  Just beautiful.  I'd write a better review, but my factory needs constant improvement.  Good luck."
,Recommended,427520,26476528,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Nyinx D'Cryostasis,"Factorio is a Game that takes topdown Survival/Construction gaming to a new stance in the gaming industry. Created by such a small team, This game proves that Indie developers can truely become greater than their large scale counterparts *COUGH COUGH* Call of Duty *COUGH COUGH*.The gameplay is simple. movement, environment interaction and weapon usage with built in auto-aim. Which is nice as trying to manually aim in a game this fast pace would be bad D:The graphics are not what you think they are, as according to a recent update. almost everything in the game is rendered in Blender. So it's 3D rendered down to 2D, which is amazing!! i never knew that could be done!"
76561198025675139,Recommended,427520,26754450,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Always a pleasure,I made a looping conveyor belt and waited for science to happen.
,Recommended,427520,26752401,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TechnoLad,"Dr. Ivo ""Eggman"" Robotnik Simulator 2016Build factories with blatant disregard for the environment that produce even more machines and robots to fuel your ambition of launching a rocket! All while defending them against environmentally conscious creatures. Only, these creatures aren't as cute and cuddly as that blasted hedgehog, as they relentlessly seek the destruction of you and your hard work. And I mean,destruction.Actual ThoughtsFun part of the review aside. Even though I've probably shown off quite a bit already. Factorio is a game your wanting a survival game but you get almost immediately turned off upon hearing ""crafting"" and ""gather resources"". Not everyone wants to do manual labour and so Factorio does just that with having you gather resources to, instead keep you alive by satisfying well-being meters, build factories that does all the hardwork for you!Sure there'll still be some level of input required. Finding and securing new ore deposits to feed your machine is just one of these tasks. As well as maintaining a logistical network, so everyting is brought to a central location, and defense matrix, to defend yourself and your factory against a hive-minded ailen race that's suprisingly environmentally conscious.Once you tick them off, they'll keep coming back. Attack after attack. Getting stronger as your mechanical empire grows.I recommend this game if you like to set back and relax as you see progress happen with little human input needed."
76561198000921806,Recommended,427520,26594905,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,C0ld Sh0w3r,I waste so much ♥♥♥♥ing time playing this game. It's fantastic.
,Recommended,427520,26740248,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,anwarnewkirk,Best. Game. Ever. SO addictive and absolutely hundreds of hours of play time.
,Recommended,427520,26757662,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MeowkuCube!!,"A bit too easy, and some things don't explain themselves that well, but other than that, immensely fun game!"
,Recommended,427520,25586390,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Combustible Lemonade,"I bought this a few days ago, and now I'm literally incapable of doing anything other than playing this game. If you like games like those from the rollercoaster tycoon series, or games like kerbal space program, you'll love this!"
,Recommended,427520,25585788,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Outdoorz gamer,"the game is broke... I downloaded a mod thrugh the game itself and now I cannot open up the game because of some error. tryed uninstalling then reinstalling like 10 times and still does not work even took steam off and put it back on that diden't help, if anyone has any ideas please contact me."
,Recommended,427520,25595147,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Parallax,WHO NEEDS A LIFE ANYWAY!?!?
76561198165020531,Recommended,427520,25596224,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,scoobert doobert,One of te best games ive seen so far. worth the 25 dollards. This game has no limits. wow
,Recommended,427520,25584784,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,s012974,"Nice casual logistics puzzle.If you don't value your sanity, you can try mods. For example: Bob's mods and Angels mods."
,Recommended,427520,25570358,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DancingPoo,"Easily one of the best games that had me sitting for a couple of hours straight each session.Game is ridiculously fun, and also will test your mind on how you would want to plan your building and automation.And oh, beware when you set fire to the trees.... I paid dearly for that. Had to load a previous save =D"
,Recommended,427520,25610807,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Crep Protect ™,This Game Makes Me HArd.
,Recommended,427520,25611370,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Le Spicy Nugget,"I spent twenty dollars on this about twenty minutes ago, and it doesn't work for me. I'm not saying it's a bad game, (I wouldn't know I didn't get to play it ;.;) and it looks really cool. BUUUUUUUTTT... when I get into the game, I can't move (and usually can't see) the player, and half of the screen is filled with distorted lines of code, bits and pieces of the windows I have open on the computer, and strangely enough, discolored bits of my background! I also can't move, and making the game window larger and smaller seems to change the distorted images that fill up half the screen. Seriously though, someone help."
76561198003420074,Recommended,427520,26106718,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,nilzon,An incredible game - unique and well-rounded in every aspect. A rare 10/10.
,Recommended,427520,26011791,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Aki,"Just. Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.I'm not saying you'll like it, but seriously, have you ever looked at a modern circuit board and gone, ""A human made this? Wow.""Yeah, it basically the world's most entertaining circuit-building game and I can't even bloody explain why it captivates me so.Seriously. Buy this."
,Recommended,427520,23530875,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,<IoW> BECK,This game is amazing!   The ultimate in production chaining and free building.
,Recommended,427520,22738003,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Gigtronics,This is a great game. if you want to build a factory and defend agaist invaders then this could be for you.
76561198147639566,Recommended,427520,23659421,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,nolanbooth2,cant even open it says cant create image
,Recommended,427520,23659902,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,EndZ0,Its good as a good thing thats as good as a thing thats somewhat great compared to a thing thats a little good with a hint of good.Good.
,Recommended,427520,23624993,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,boku no kokujin,A game about automation and building more complex factories. Surprisingly addicting.
,Recommended,427520,23625697,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Spike,"There are many, many, many comments about this being an addictive game. I read these before buying and thought ""oh sure"".Every third night like clock work, I have stayed up till 5:30 AM playing. 61 hours in two weeks and I finally beat it.  Now to breath until the update in ten days."
76561197969598183,Recommended,427520,23624075,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jerrylive365,"How many conveyors do you have to build before you see them in your sleep? Buy this game and find out!It has been a while since a game has engaged me like this one has.At its core, the game is quite simple. Create ways to automate systems for manufacturing items to help you get off the planet you are marooned on. But thats also where its not simple at all.You have to manage power, raw materials, chemicals and more in order to maintain your survival. All the while figihting off the natives who do not appreciate you exploiting thier resources for your own gain. You'll be so busy playing this one you'll wonder where your time went. Very addictive gameplay to say the least.There is so much more to mention but I need to get back to playing.I highly recommend this for the tinkerers in all of us."
76561198134682977,Recommended,427520,23623490,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ARiA1089,-spawns in world-wipes out 10 alien bases-burns bodies-builds afactory-builds wall-becomes trump-fires rocket to space#10/10 would use trump card again
,Recommended,427520,23655568,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Refaim,Literally crack in video game form.
,Recommended,427520,23662225,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,Probably worth more than 20 dollars
76561198072383759,Recommended,427520,23650774,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Znander,This game is a gateway drug to itself. Many more hours to be had.
,Recommended,427520,23647045,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ltskitzo,"Woke up at 6am on a day off to play this. It's one of those games that sucks you in. You WANT to build bigger, you WANT to build more efficient, you WANT to see how far you can research. So addictive, so fun!"
76561198118658850,Recommended,427520,23641688,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Steddins,"Fntastic game, no doubt about it."
76561198271818067,Recommended,427520,23558757,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,CasualSpark67,"This game is extemely adictive so if you decide to get, you should expect not to have a life for about the next two weeks."
,Recommended,427520,26574492,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nate,as long as development does not hit a wall or anything with this game i must recomend it to people who like managment games. i personaly recomend buying it with a freind set aside some time and play it for a long time to get the feel for it i personaly manged to put in 48 hours in i think 3 days it was a great time not health but fun
,Recommended,427520,26560193,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Utilisateur inconnu,"I would like it that you would be on the rocket launch, and then you would possibly be on another planet, or you could add the end of the story, as if you found your people again, or possibly other things, This game is fun over all, but their needs to be energy diversity, water, wind, nuclear, and possibly a few other futuristic energy sources"
76561198285342121,Recommended,427520,26560428,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jamx,"amazing replayability even after the amount of time I have spent, i love the open end as after rocket launch you can just create a huge factory. 10/10My only suggestion for this game is some sort of algorithm for the logistics bots to select the nearest job not the next job this would  stop them traveling a huge distance for an item when there are other bots close by. this is only a problem for huge bases/networks but when reaching that point would optomise robot effiency, other than that excellent game have already told friends about this and they now play with me. Thumbs up"
76561198083110464,Recommended,427520,26519250,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DoofuS,"Up there as one of the best games I've ever played, and these kind of games normally aren't my cup of tea. Developers are great, constantly updating the community on their progress with upcoming versions and plans for the game. Money well spent."
76561197973405130,Recommended,427520,26566981,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tango Urilla,it's good
76561198136657091,Recommended,427520,26570864,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,AnimeGalactic,THIS game is the best early access game i've ever played that feels like a full game already.
,Recommended,427520,26568040,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jgillman,I can't believe how addicting and fun this game is. AUTOMATE EVERYTHING!
,Recommended,427520,26599388,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Waruiotoko,Love this game.
,Recommended,427520,26599856,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,kakan,"ths game is great. it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥on trailers and stuff but when i actually tried it, i liked it"
76561198041011104,Recommended,427520,26550330,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nicolaus99,"Ever think, ""Mother nature can kiss my _ss.""  or ""Hippies are biodegradable.""?Factorio is here for you.  Spread across a pristine world like an all consuming industrial cancer, starting from a single infectous cell; you.  At 10,000+ 98% approval, you know you are in for a treat."
,Recommended,427520,26986153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Warans,Work Work
,Recommended,427520,26985606,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JuanDiego Montoya,"Incredibly addicting, well polished, well supported, and intriguing music to top it off.I also need that badge."
,Recommended,427520,26988674,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lum,"Much troubleshooting, is good"
,Recommended,427520,24660530,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Versepelles,"This game is absolutely fantastic, with a similar feel to Tekkit in Minecraft."
76561198259826288,Recommended,427520,24657714,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Welch's Fruit Snacks,I R8 8/8 M8
,Recommended,427520,24655434,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,No,Now i can finally lose weight by sitting on my♥♥♥♥♥playing for 24 hours straight forgetting sleep and social skills.10/10I would really play more.
,Recommended,427520,24655760,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Infinidoge,This Is A Great Game. I have only had it for a little while but i love it alot
,Recommended,427520,24655982,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,KateThxBai,"If you have a life and want to keep it that way, stay away.5/7, perfect score."
,Recommended,427520,24676354,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ZaptosIntolerant | cat,It is so eazy to progress early on but destroying nests and automation provide chalenges.
76561197970198990,Recommended,427520,21729386,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Khrest,"Dont worry about the cost. Dont worry about the basic (but functional) graphics. Dont worry it's not AAA. Dont worry its not 3D.....If you have any interest in management, logistics & planning games then this will devour your life. This is Anno on steroids with none of the 'social' crap or DRM problems.Other management games should get their coats now.....I will paraphrase Douglas Adams, when you are tired of Factorio you are tired of life itself. Only downside is your family might wonder where you went."
76561198095198111,Recommended,427520,24643636,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,chubbyfatman343,"Do you like being attacked heavily by aliens randomly?Do you like Mining for minerals?Do you like crafting?Do you like making a complex factory that helps to make rockets from nothing but sticks and stones?Do you have a low to mid power with moderate processing power?Do you like beautifull low resilution art style with lovely detail?Well, buy this. Not only do you get to pour in hour upon hours of trying to layout a complex factory, but you get to worry about power comsumption, mineral stocks, the emmintent threat of the local aleins that want to rip out your spine from all your pollution.So support the developers as they stride to greatness in this carefully crafted game! in other words, Buy it. Buy it again, sent that copy to your freind and send them on their merry way to death"
76561197963375486,Recommended,427520,24642556,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Diet Kolos,"Like Tetris or Bust-A-Move, you'll have dreams (and waking nightmares) about playing Factorio--but that's not a bad thing at all."
,Recommended,427520,24681195,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rourobourus,"Day 1: Hmm... Factorio? What idiot would buy this crap? I'll give it a shot.Day 2: I've been playing for hours now. How on earth can this game be so fun? 12:00AM Already? Dang... maybe I should stop.Day 3: I have bitten my fingers to the quicks. It keeps calling out to me I don't think I can help myself much longer. I should play. I HAVE TO PLAY.Day 4: WHY ARE THE F****ING ALIENS SO ANNOYING? MY FACTORY IS IN SHREDS. I will have my revenge.Day 5: My girlfriend came to me today. She says I should stop playing. She doesn't understand, no one understands.Day 6: My girlfriend told me to make a choice, her or Factorio. Why would she do such a thing? Can't I love both? She gave me a day to decide. I only needed seconds.Day 7: She looks longingly into my eyes, waiting for my final answer. I tell her I'm sorry. I simply cannot live without finishing my work. It has consumed me. I hurl myself into Factorio's strong arms, our bodies join in a Holy embrace between man and machine, it caresses my hair with it's machine-like hands, it tells me that I'm special. Oh Factorio, I will never leave you.Day 8: The Aliens have come back again... I fixed that problem.It's started to rain. I look up into the sky, thousands of corpses lay at my feet, I've done it, my factory is now autonomous, it no longer needs me. I wipe the remainder of purple blood from my gun as I walk towards my factory, the making of my own hands. I have done it.The End:The moon shines through my window, glistening on the metallic skin of the creature I have come to love so much.""Did you like it?"" it asks.""I loved it, but now what?"" I respond.Factorio stands and extends its hand towards me, how many times have I felt those hands guide my own?""It has only just begun, my child. Come with me, I have more to show you.""I reach out my hand, but it is no longer my own. I look into a mirror before taking that final step over the edge, I expected to see myself, but I did not. Instead, looking back at me through lifeless eyes, I saw a metallic creature. The Human Factory, everything I have ever created has led up to this, I have become a factory."
,Recommended,427520,24682688,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zanfar,"Looking at the videos and screenshots will immediately show you if you will like this type of game or not--it's a logistics simulator, if you like build planning, automation, and balancing dependencies, this is the game for you.If you like this game, you will love it. No... love is not the right word. Love evokes images of romance and lazy sunday afternoons. Your relationship with this game will be one of long, late nights fueled by caffeine and whatever sustinance lays within your reach (assuming you remember to eat or drink). You will hear yourself muttering 'just one more assembler' several times, and I guarantee you will ignore the clock for the first five hours of every play.This game is without a doubt made of crack. It is the most addictive substance on the planet. More addictive than Chips Ahoy cookies, Pepperidge Farm, sugary energy drinks, and heroin... combined."
,Recommended,427520,24666811,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,prlygrly,"Awesome game, worth every penny. I work in a warehouse, so this is particularly satisfying and I have new respect for the engineers and designers of the logistics & organization I take for granted at work."
76561198142741872,Recommended,427520,24672624,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Morty Smith,"its a good game and im sure that the endgame is amazing but getting there gets very VERY dull. While playing i ended up to the same thing trying to get the resources to make the advanced machines that make it so good. If it was cheaper i would be completely okay with it but for 25 dollars it shouldnt be 1. mine, 2. build drills, run out of coal, more drills, run out of power, more water pumps, rince and repeat from step 2. other then that its a great concept, but because of boredom i can only give it a 6.5/10.Maybe you enjoy doing the same stuff over and over and if so buy this game its great for that but that just isnt for me."
76561198201848614,Recommended,427520,24673086,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Blade Hardsteel,Its the perfect level of challenging and fun 10/10
76561198006036957,Recommended,427520,24538169,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,sharx,"Best Game i bought since Starcraft!If you think about trying this Game ... just do it its worth it and probably the best Game you will play this Year.Factorio gets regulary Updates, and the technically preview Builds are stable!Developers are doing a good Job here and the gampeplay is innovative and iam playing Games since 20+ Years so you can say i saw a good ammount of games."
,Recommended,427520,24479225,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,CopyrightedThoughts,"Fantastic game, highly addictive. Absolutely no complaints. Early access is also a FEATURE rather than a detriment. 10/10"
76561198033839522,Recommended,427520,27639831,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,actionprinciple,"110 hrs on record, still building spaghetti factories."
,Recommended,427520,27642723,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stevie-boi,"Factorio is, in my mind, an absolutely incredible game.Though the idea of creating a factory doesn't sound good on paper, they managed to pull of the task.- Pros-They have an extreme amount of replayability, since the map is randomiced, and you can always try to do it differnetly.-The maps are gigantic.-Whenever you automate anything it's very satisfying-It's awesome to get that one new research.-The enemy is quite challenging,  though not as much in the late game, but I believe that you can only achieve that by working.-Highly advanced gameplay. The more you play the more fun it is- They have some quite good aesthetics-Cons-The graphics are not very good-The maps are barren, so exploring is normally not very fun-It's hard to get into the advanced stuff-The game can lack a bit of gameplay in the lategame, if you don't want to improve your systems that already workThis game is absolutely not for everyone. I bought it for full price, and i have not regretted it, but i will reccomend that you buy it on sale and try it out, if you think about buying itTry the demo before anything. If you don't like that, you probably eon't like this game either."
,Recommended,427520,27650567,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,loatroll,Did you love Tekkit back in the day? This game is for you.
76561198033332607,Recommended,427520,27651240,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sheep,Automation at is best!
76561198047489070,Recommended,427520,27654123,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,david,"built a factory, it mostly works but I'll change a couple of things here and there because I know I can do better*ten minutes later*I'ma just tear up the whole thing and start again, it'll be worth it*ten seconds later*Oh god my bots are too fast, where am I gonna put all this junk!?*frantically build a railway system to move parts of old factory to an outta way storage facility**3 hours later*Good work! What an awesomely sophisticated recycling facility, bummer I've run out of coal...11/10 would recycle own factory againJokes aside (and yes I was stupid enough to recycle my own factory, yes it was fun!) This game is the incredible result of the heartfelt love and devotion of its developers, wube software. I am continually amazed at the progress the game makes. It was great back in v0.12 when I found it. There was easily 100 hours of content back then because the game gives you the tools to create many remarkable things and lets you get on and automate. You'll want to automate *everything* and it is addictive to do so.ProsIt's currently at time of review at v0.14, 0.15 coming and everything is improving.The devs listen to the community, but have an incredible vision of their game that continually impresses us players. Andif there's something you'd like in the game, there'll be a mod for it. There's a wonderful synergy between modders anddevelopers, a lot of the mods get integrated into the vanilla game with full polish because they were genuinely brilliantideas that the devs enjoyed.Yeah that's right, the devs love this game. They play it and make it better all the time, which is a good sign in any book.ConsHmm... hmm... It might be a bit daunting to begin with, but that's okay. Search for answers if you get stuck (I remember trains confusing me!). This game gives you the satisfaction of problem solving, it won't hold your hand and build stuff for you!The circuit netowrk will *blow your mind!* unless you're the kind of person who builds video players out of logic gates for fun:http://www.pcgamer.com/factorios-final-form-revealed-an-enormous-machine-that-plays-sandstorm-by-darude/Bottom line:Buy it. It won't go on sale, it doesn't need to. It's always been incredible value for money.If you're still not sure, start following the forum here:https://forums.factorio.com(the FFF Friday Factorio Facts are linked to under news *every* friday).When 0.15 comes out it's going to be a very good idea of the final state of the game, maybe you want to wait until then, personally I'm glad I got it sooner, it's like two games for the price of one."
76561198045755174,Recommended,427520,27654585,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hombow,"Absolutly amazing, I've spent hours playing this and can contiue to play more and more, I haven't even added mods yet"
,Recommended,427520,27654631,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ankasor,"5/7, would write review again. After I finished building 25 new blue circuit factories that is."
,Recommended,427520,27649091,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dsbjki,"I bought this game after reading much about it. I don't like to spend money on games unless I know I'm going to play it a lot. As you can see, I have almost 100 hours on the game. To put it simply, I LOVE IT!!! Everything about the game is awesome. One of my favorite things is the ability to turn on peaceful mode.  But everything about the game is awesome.The only thing I would say against it is when you first start up a game, its really hard to get technology researched and really get going. I feel myself just bored at first waiting for my few machines to produce the items I need to make better machines. I usually just go to map editor and place down the basic for electricity.To anyone that has not played the game, its awesome, you should play it, and ORGANIZE YOUR FACTORY WHEN STARTING!! Read some manuals to help you get started."
,Recommended,427520,27630576,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,StaticSounds,"9/10 A great game and it's really addictive.Build stuff, shoot aliens, build more and automate a lot!"
76561198028779551,Recommended,427520,27621510,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hyper Girl,"I first heard of this game through a Space Battles story called Factory Isolation and after hearing many people talk postive about it I decided to check it out.It very much reminds me of Mine Craft where you start off in a hostile world having to build resources in order to survive and while it starts out with simple crafting it quickly gets complex with more recipes that unlock the further you go.There is also no limit to where you can build things if something is in your way you can dismantle it for resources that will go towards your next project and if you put up a structure in the wrong area you can easily put it up in a new area.I nominate Factorio for ""The “Game Within A Game” Award and I think it deserves it. Now if you excuse me I got to get back to strip mining the planet.:)"
76561198053445888,Recommended,427520,27622890,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,whatdo,"Very fun game. Next to Civilization, one of my favorite games on the Mac."
,Recommended,427520,27612988,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,syrito,ye
76561198246433760,Recommended,427520,27607576,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AtomicMurphy,"Just about as addictive as meth, Factorio keeps me comming back for more. Probably one of the only games that makes factory building fun and easy; I definitely reccomend this to all of my friends due to its addicting, puzzling, and smart gameplay. There are also a few moments where you might encounter a problem and you find a clever solution to it. These moments are one of the most defining features of Factorio."
76561197997945850,Recommended,427520,27608687,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Razac,"Factorio is a game I would recommend to anyone who is into strategy and city builders. I say strategy because you have to plan in advance and every move you make will have an impact sooner or later. The part of the game which resembles a city builder it's when you have to decide where to build your factories, how to route your belts and so on.The modding part of the game makes it so that everyone can play it as they want. There are a lot of mods out there and modders are developing new ones every day. And the best part about it is that if you spend a little time doing some reading about it, you can do it yourself. I know because I've done it...The last bit of my review is to congratulate the developers on their efforts to improve the game on each release. Factorio started small but it got big and it will grow due to the fact that developers are active  and interested in making a good game at the end of the day."
76561198032629955,Recommended,427520,27609198,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bornwolf,"This game is a very detail oriented time sink. Before you know it, it will have you sucked in for days. With 150 hours on record so far, I have no doubt that I will come back to this game over and over again. Replay value is amazing. Highly recommended."
76561198057250064,Recommended,427520,27612492,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,joefinn89,great game
76561198107362647,Recommended,427520,23884494,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,K3MICAL AFF3CT,This game has the best replayablity out there
,Recommended,427520,23768955,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,schwein11,The best game I've come across for making rube goldberg like machines.
,Recommended,427520,23923727,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stretch,This game is excellent!!! 10/10
,Recommended,427520,23928580,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mcfuji,Awesome!
,Recommended,427520,23901718,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,pretty much the most unique and addicting survival game since that other one
76561198271665983,Recommended,427520,23921356,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NootNoot,:)
,Recommended,427520,23935501,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,andersonee,I...can't...stop...playing. This game is really good. If you like base building games this is by far the best one I've ever played.
76561198056284878,Recommended,427520,24200153,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ĥëñþæí,This game made me realize how much I actually hate my friends
76561198067375696,Recommended,427520,24174320,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,door?,10/10 would mine coal again
76561198064893613,Recommended,427520,22223149,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Wercal,"When I first discovered this game, I didn't get it.  Now I am 50h in and I still do not get it. If you want a game with so much depth that Adele is rolling in it. This is the game for you. You can play a 1000 hours and still barelly understand some of its systems. The game is great! The only thing you will not like is the driving, but it is modded."
76561198004426967,Recommended,427520,23623480,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ben,"Making factories is addictive and fun.I recommend buying this on sale, 25$ is a bit high for what it is."
76561197961411253,Recommended,427520,24170751,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,EvilTimTX226,"When someone talks about a game being 'addictive', they're usually referring to games like minecraft or ..euurgh.. ""League of Legends"".In that right, a game becomes less like entertainment and more like a clinical affliction.Factorio though... Oh boy..You might actually be able to distill this thing down and inject it between your toes, because games just do NOT get more addicting than this. With it's top-down perspective, one would think that something deliberately 'old school' couldn't possibly contend with the heavy-weights like Mojang Studios or the like. Oh surprise-surprise.. Factorio not only goes toe-to-toe with them, but in most regards, DOMINATES the class of ""Crafting/Adventure"" altogether!Stranded on an unknown world with only your OCD and pre-planning to guide you, you'll spend hours (and I DO mean HOURS) setting up and tearing down for the sake of optimisation.To it's credit, what SHOULD be tedium is ACTUALLY VERY enjoyable. This is a game where you can sit down after work and just get LOST in the intricacy of your creations.Complaceny can swiftly turn to regret as you are NOT alone in these worlds (unless you decided to turn off enemies... you pansy..) and ""biters"" will sniff you out and rip through your♥♥♥♥♥like a pu-pu-platter!All-in-all, Factorio earns the ""Tim-Seal of approval""9.5/10 - ""You down with OCD? 'Yeah you know me~!'""-Corvus ""Evil Tim"" O'Faolain"
,Recommended,427520,24169961,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,AngelickGoose777,i love this game. Factorio is the best game for the tags it is in
,Recommended,427520,24168386,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SaltyCracker,"My tip to you is, dont advance to quickly with out building up defenses. The bugs or whatever they are really mess up everything you work hard for."
76561198171882882,Recommended,427520,24195156,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Evernight,Game needs more content. I'm glad it's still in early access. It means more stuff is bound to be added to an otherwise amazing game... which is spectacular.I've been scrolling down this page for a while and got bored before I came across a single negative review. It's not an accident.
76561198011391441,Recommended,427520,23830564,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ipjrobson,"This is a fantastic game. It starts off small and simple. Before you relize you have a massive factory and it spreads all over the landscape of the map.You can easily sink hours into this game expanding and perfecting your factory to have it just the way you want it.Also, considering it's early access at the time of this review it definitely feels like a finished game.You can also get mods for this game which takes the game to a whole new level with expanding rail and technology.If you get this game, definitely plan to playing it for hours. Also, you may lose some sleep."
76561198042135763,Recommended,427520,24193731,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Ian8107,Factorio is a great building sandbox game and i am personally loving the updates in the early stages. it now has mutiplayer and its still going good.if you enjoy sandbox games from scratch i.e minecraft etc etc then you will probly love this game.you aim to build a rocket ship and work your way up building factories and defending along the way.
76561198158026232,Recommended,427520,23851236,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,✵ Nova69 ✵,OMG this looks like meh at first. BUT WHEN YOU GET THE HANG OF IT IT IS AMAZING YOU CAN DO WHATEVER YOU WANT WHENEVER YOU WANT (Kind of). UNLEASH YER CREATIVITY WITH THIS AMAZING GAME ERMAHGERD!!!!!!
76561198023894998,Recommended,427520,23847166,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dark Side of the Moon,Great game.
,Recommended,427520,21926765,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Morty,"I played the Demo and it all  worked fine, the game has a good progression system and never leaves the player bored. Then when i decided to buy te game, the graphics  were all glitchy and i couldnt read any words. HELP"
,Recommended,427520,23076799,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,12th Battalion,This game is an OCD nightmare. I love it.10/10
,Recommended,427520,23412383,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Jorund Blitzfang,"This game is for critical thinkers, planners, and strategists.The core game is built around effiecient use of resources to build a factory, while defending from an alien threat.The very deep and rewarding parts of the game come into play when you realize how crap your factory is and need to optimize everything.Then you realize how ugly your factory is, and you do it all over... always improving."
,Recommended,427520,23400575,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Grif_22,"really well worth it, and plenty of options to customize yor game if your not so keen on the combat thing or moving around alot."
,Recommended,427520,23348549,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheStarFather,I never though managing assembly lines would be so ridiculously fun. 10/10 and the game isn't even out of alpha.
76561198028105417,Recommended,427520,23348642,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,kevinwilliamson,Great game
76561198262696870,Recommended,427520,23345024,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,gamester201,"This is truly a great game!! Just a WARNING though for those people with OCD, your factory can get pretty messy if you don't try to keep it organised as I found out. Other than that this is an AMAZING game to get and it is a game that is really worth $20 (Or your form of currency/price)."
,Recommended,427520,23411401,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Zetch Raney,Really Fun So Far!!!  This GAmes Going To Consume My Life :D
76561198280436771,Recommended,427520,23411841,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ulfbert,UnHealthily addicting and brain numbing......in a good way
,Recommended,427520,23411072,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Diligord,This game reminds me of a game Nintendo would make: TERRIUBLE GRAPHICS. However. Everything else is SO WELL DONE IT OVER FRICKING OUTWEIGHS THE BAD GRAPHICS BY AT LEAST 9000000000000000000000000000 TONS. BUY IT PLEADSE IT IS BEST GAME IN THE WORLD.
76561198044058779,Recommended,427520,23408536,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Muffinkiller,Played 7 hours first day i bought it pretty good so far
,Recommended,427520,23408549,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,evanharper99,this is an amazing game. after spending literally hundreds of hours i feel i have to explain some problems. i strongly believe that some sort of water transportation would increase the quality of the game. but overall this is a good addicting game with great mechanics.      ;)
,Recommended,427520,23408661,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Pork Loin,This is a great game.
,Recommended,427520,23369382,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Marzel vong 1unt1™,Awesome game but PLEASE add multiplayer!!!
76561198001881438,Recommended,427520,23376274,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Belzedar,"As my university assignments and exams get closer and closer I comfort myself on my engineering prowess in this game as something to fall back on when i inevitably drop out, due to losing my life to this."
76561197993921388,Recommended,427520,23392701,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Axis_Man,almost too addictive
76561198002735576,Recommended,427520,23393198,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Pancakes,Pretty good.
,Recommended,427520,23396487,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,[SWE]EXTREMA_Ola,Great game!
76561198143541723,Recommended,427520,23394236,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ZAHN,Extremely addicting. One of my favorite games
76561198062154549,Recommended,427520,23488188,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,c.stevelink,"yea, this game is addicted a lot.... A DAMM LOT"
,Recommended,427520,23459344,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,▶ℛΣѦƇṮɨᏉΣ◀   _̶!̶-ＤＪＲ!̶_,This game reminds me of Age of empires 1! A must have for RTS fans.. I hope the next factorio doesn't lose it's 2D feel although I wanted a little bit more effect and some background music. Otherwise this is a fantastic game!
,Recommended,427520,23459449,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ToreDenStore,"Best crafting game ever, though not so much replayability. 30 hours of fun nevertheless."
,Recommended,427520,23458354,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Timeflies48,Great game! i enjoy these type of games that need more than just shooting skills. It helps your creativity solve complex problems and how to manage many things at once! i hope they continue to develop the game becasue im realy excited for the features that may be comming. If you like puzzles there are different modes which i enjoy and im sure you will too! great game 10/10
,Recommended,427520,23458686,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,GoldenQuazar,while being insainly complicated it is one of the best games i've ever played.
76561198071815500,Recommended,427520,23463269,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ZillaTheGorilla,Fun and addictive game. Really enjoy the factory aspect of automating everything you do. It's a bit confusing at first and I enjoyed watching videos on how to play.
76561197972630297,Recommended,427520,23476873,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Jagsweet,"I love this game!Devs, please keep up the amazing work and stay connected to your users. You rock!"
,Recommended,427520,23485896,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Squishling,"Awesome game really would recommend it, although they are adding HD textures :|, still a wonderful game tho!"
76561198277278690,Recommended,427520,23475281,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,That One Guy,"I love this game. At first I thought, This game looks terrible. I only bought it because a friend kept bugging me to buy it. After playing an hour, I played another and another and another. I was very surprised by this game and can't stop playing."
76561198017933334,Recommended,427520,22558802,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,JDN26,Just a brilliant game. Conveyor belts EVERYWHERE. Robotic arms EVERYWHERE. IT IS BEAUTIFUL.Buy this.Do not expect to regain control of your life. Accept that that is a good thing.Play this game. Do not quit. Ever.
76561197987981641,Recommended,427520,22560271,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,/bro/ Climer,Cured my cancer.
,Recommended,427520,22539993,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,*Trading* EliteRebel,*Says it coop/multiplayer* *Most difficult game to get coop/multiplayer*Any help would be appreciated! (Mac)Great Game must by
76561198031609660,Recommended,427520,22502980,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,CrazyFeederHD,"After a few hours of playing and learning the game it gets really fun. In the beginning it gets pretty rough and annoying but once you get a good amount of power then things gets a little easier but you still have a lot to learn like how to make the best way to use your resources. Over all this game is worth the $20 that it is. Might be annoying in the beginning but once you get the hang of it, its tons of fun and if you can get friends that like the game too, makes it even better."
,Recommended,427520,22543108,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Nocte Draco,Incredibly simple.Incredibly addicting.
76561198070453102,Recommended,427520,22543283,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,gregcab4,I got this game because I wanted a new game to be THE game that I play all the time.This game did not dissapoint.I sit down to play it and then I look at the clock and 6 hours have passed.I learned new things about how things work every single day with this game. Always a new challenge.10/10
,Recommended,427520,22543292,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Squeaker 2.0,This game is amazing you can literally build whatever you want automatic mine BUILT and you can play co-op omg don't get me started. I absolutely recommend this game.10/10 IGN Would Murder Tresspassing Aliens Again
,Recommended,427520,26268144,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,msf,"Factorio is a kind of survival/sandbox way to feed your obsession about automating everything. If you are lazy in a good way, preferring to work smart, not hard - this is a game for you. Build systems, make factories, solve logistic problems and automate all you can - all of these by applying ruthless logic and your precise intelligence in a race against time, since enemies get stronger with each minute passed. Be warned - you will be immersed for hours and possibly lose sleep over figuring out mindbending challenges which this awesome game is full of."
76561198066420095,Recommended,427520,26220762,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Sena Morda,"I can't speak for all 2D/Strategy games but of what I have seen, this is by far the best; and from a modder's perspective, incredibly awesome and easy to mod."
76561198285378300,Recommended,427520,26213252,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Roxie4,It is a very fun game and i have enjoyed playing and learning the gameI rate it a 10/10You should by it as it is worth while
,Recommended,427520,27550205,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AtomicPyroX,Great game love what is being done and the visibility of the game development from the Devs!!!!
,Recommended,427520,27550350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aire,You owe me back a good chunk of my life :( Please make it less addictive!
76561198081374134,Recommended,427520,23333256,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,The Sp00k with the Hat,"It takes a special kind of perferfection to make a game like this, BUY IT"
76561198032129920,Recommended,427520,23334429,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,daemonazazel,"Uups. According to steam I\'ve spent more than 200h of my life on this game... wait... didn\'t I buy this game yesterday.. or the day before? Can\'t remember, but those numbers don\'t add up. I\'m hungry. When did I eat last? Can\'t remember. Must build some circuit network to keep track of this. But I don\'t have time.Must play factorio.Must play factorio.This review won\'t buy the developers a Ferrari... even if they deserve one.. and that comes from someone who is far from owning one. But I hope it gets more people to waste their precious lifetime on this game.. just like I did.Mua ha ha."
,Recommended,427520,23334640,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,McCloude,Very addicting.
76561198275957258,Recommended,427520,23335590,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,gorowdy,Awesome game. Worth every cent!
76561198017090693,Recommended,427520,23336350,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,-Psycho-,Unreal. A must buy game!
,Recommended,427520,23336865,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Capitalist Moose,"At first I thought \""man, these graphics are pretty bad, maybe I should get a HD mod or something\"", but then as I looked at the thousands of images moving around my screen at once and heard my computer\'s fan spinning as fast as it\'s little motor could manage I realized that HD graphics aren\'t everything.The graphics suit the game pretty nicely, actually.Super fun game, you\'ll know right away if you like it, 10/10."
76561198050627324,Recommended,427520,23332183,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Element Snow,"I only have about 5 hours in this game at the time of writting this, but that doesn\'t mean I don\'t like it. Its a great early access game. The developers website, their fourms, and reddit thread are very active and full of helpful advice. This game is great if you love mircomanagment and upgrading♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven\'t \""won\"" the game yet, but its still a whole lot of fun, I just wish I could try out the co op with a friend."
76561198093251987,Recommended,427520,23331590,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Fin,"This is a fantastic game for early access (as of June 1 2016) it has way to much content to offer for one person which is probably why they chose to port it to steam and make it multiplayer. This game will really take advantage of your ability to plan and requires that you think about the future to stay safe from the native \""biters\"".I would recommend this to anyone who has a knack for creating something from nothing and maintaining that. When I was looking through steam for a single/multiplayer game I saw this and instantly thought \""nope to complicated\"", but after taking a look at it and speaking to a few friends I decided on picking it up.I DO NOT REGRET IT, this complicated game seemed daunting untill I just tried it. You will learn so many tricks to minimizing space very quickly and you will be hooked for hours! I have noticed that I am now able to solve problems in my every day life quicker by taking a step back and seeing what is causing the problem now and what will cause a serious problem in the future.This is definitly a game that you can play alone without getting bored for a long time, if not indefinatly. Currently there is NO WAY TO PLAY WITH A FRIEND VIA STEAM, BUT THERE IS MULTIPLAYER! To connect to a friends map you have to join by entering thier IP adress, which is very simple and fast. (type in \""ip adress\"" in google and it will give it to you)This is a really good game with active developerspick it up, you will not regret it if you like these types of gamesLearn from this game,FinbarTheGreat"
76561198027214898,Recommended,427520,23280265,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Raincoat,Excellent game to get lost in
76561198022000613,Recommended,427520,23283587,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,strangeone131,Wish there were more games like this.The building complexity is amazing.
76561198136321136,Recommended,427520,23284642,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Occam's Chainsaw,This game has consumed my life 10/10.
76561198049184630,Recommended,427520,23279040,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,virgoerns,awesome
76561198005201781,Recommended,427520,23241129,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Fish,"I watched the trailer, looked at the price, bought the game and played four hours straight. I'm only taking a break because I should clean my house a little bit."
,Recommended,427520,23224798,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Savio,Say goodbye to your friends. The only friend you need is your factory.
76561198058288080,Recommended,427520,23225141,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Grobian Spalter,"...just....5....more...minutes.......wtf, wednesday?!"
,Recommended,427520,23230969,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,s8. inno,"This is the game that you should not get if you value your friends and family. Be prepared to go to work with no sleep, because you just need to make one minor tweak...then another...until the sun rises."
76561198038382298,Recommended,427520,23191197,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Fishyninjabreadman,"With over 100 hours played and with only just completing my first game,I can say I adore this game. If you love crafting and mangement aspects in games then this is for you.Apologies for the cliche but if Minecraft is your thing, you will probabaly enjoy this.Like minecraft a simple, but ever expanding game with inifinite possibilites!"
76561198131354251,Recommended,427520,23209211,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,devo1391,heroin in video game form
76561197992436427,Recommended,427520,23219866,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Crensh,good stuff.
76561198039785053,Recommended,427520,23157539,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lexrelax,Ohh men this game is so Lovely.. Verry Adictive!I whas looking for a game like this for a long time! Yeah Buuuuuiiiild Timeee!!Multiplayer is a little bit difficult to set up but wen it run's.. PURE PLEASUREThumbsUp!
,Recommended,427520,23210688,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ShadowSoviet,Very Enjoyable problem solving game.A black hole that sucked all my spare time.
,Recommended,427520,23239347,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,T2 Moms Spaghetti (RL trader),Great game puts your mind to work and multiplayer 😊😊😊
76561198061627816,Recommended,427520,30784397,Posted: 27 March,all,Christroyer,"I'm not sure if I should be doing a review yet or not seeing as I have only played one game so far (and still havent beaten it)... but I have about 55 hours played so maybe it still counts. There is SOOOO much to do if you really want to explore the different tech and map. I noticed as you progress the enemies grow stronger which really pushes you to rethink your defenses and gives the challenge of trying to balance your research and base expansions and so on. On top of that it can be a real fun challenge to try and get everything to fit in such a way where it looks organized, compact and 100% automated. I feel like the developers did an excellent job pushing the player to use machines to do everything, yet if you wanted to, you still could do almost everything by hand in a pinch.All in all, its an excellent game and worth spending the time to play and review. If you are worried about it being ""early access"", i wouldnt be. I had forgotten that it was because i havent ran into a single bug and it runs super smooth for me and it feels like a finished game, though i wont say no to more content to explore."
76561198005357441,Recommended,427520,23092575,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,SinRopa,"The ideal game for resource management fans, which I am. Its like anno meets... i dunno minecraft, kinda.LAN play was bad until we adjusted the 250ms latency settings, then it was pretty smooth so far.The modability is fantasic with a public lua api to use. However, the community is not very active and there is no workshop support. There are a few large mods, like bobs, that give you a longer gameplay. I might get in to modding or a total conversion - because I like the engine and scale of things.The lack of steam achievements is my only real bad mark."
,Recommended,427520,23245818,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Daddy Damo,"Its like Dont Starve, but with flamethrowers and aliens.We all know what to do with flamethrowers and aliens ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198009845571,Recommended,427520,23246474,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,NeuralSimulation,"This game is unfinished. There are some questionable design choices. But if you're into builder games, you will like it. In fact you'll probably like it too much, as I did, as you can see from my playtime. I probably won't play it again until and unless they revamp the gameplay a bit. It feels unbalanced, and then when you get to oil, it feels really unbalanced. But I can't pretend I didn't get my money's worth. As far as entertainment dollars go, this is a no-brainer. Others have gone into the details so I don't have to. The only detail that really matters is whether the game is fun to play or not. It is. NEXT!"
76561198043256995,Recommended,427520,23207282,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Plague,I kinda have a life before.Now i have a factory  :-)
,Recommended,427520,23118168,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Inspire / Stede,"If you like builders and/or management type of games, this is the best $20 you'll spend on a video game this entire decade.  Don't hesitate - just jump in.  You'll be happy you did."
76561198063273566,Recommended,427520,23235377,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,dareezzyy,"Super addicting game, also quite challenging at some parts. Forgot it's early access, but it's definitely worth every penny.Also this is an OCD players dream come true, or worst nightmare."
,Recommended,427520,23146605,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,_Norb,"I have to build a system which makes reviews automatically because there are so much to say.-----[Review]-----If you like building bases, defending them, managing the details like power lines, then you must play this game.Start with a small base and build it to a massive factory, connected by train tracks and managed by flying robots that can transport things, repair and rebuild structures. If you bored of the base game don't worry. There are a lot of mods play with and because of the developers you can easily put them into your game. The devs active and they are making the game better and better."
,Recommended,427520,23146654,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,clark muirhead,"very good and entertaining, although it does take quite some time to advance"
76561198067871258,Recommended,427520,23152010,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,isacikgoz,The game is very addictive so be careful :) The idea behind the development is amazing. I endorse this game anyway.
,Recommended,427520,23145039,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TheBrightSide,"This game is just outstanding. This game does a fun job of making you feel like you're reinventing civilization, but it's also just a damn fun game. Don't let the screenshots overwhelm you, playing the ""Campaign"" missions really eases you into everything."
,Recommended,427520,23147796,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,✪Cobalt,"This game is a quirky, fun early access about building your own factory.To be quick, i'd rate the game8/10This game is fun, and for over automizing things, its fun and quirky but gets very stale after completion. After full realease on steam i hope there will be a sort of replay value to the game."
76561198023340319,Recommended,427520,23143870,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,FixXxeR,"40+hrs 1st week, personal record. awesome game"
76561198008197539,Recommended,427520,23197037,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ronin,Awesome game!
76561197968656725,Recommended,427520,23198453,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Reeps,"The best parts of the original simcity's made sweet, sweet love to every game that ever made you miss sleep. 10/10 would give money to this digital crack baby. I'd even automate the process with little flying logistics robots."
,Recommended,427520,23201043,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MassOfSass,Absolutely loving this game. If you were a fan of Transport Tycoon or any other logistics based game this is for you. There is also a thriving modding community and the developers are adding new features as the game develops so replayability should not be a problem.
,Recommended,427520,23200725,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Abhorrent,100%
,Recommended,427520,23199179,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SoulReaper421,"I play this game everynow and again, and I keep playing until I am forced away from my keyboard and mouse most times though.It's a great game for imagination based upon the premise of machinery. I may not have played much however everytime I have a real sense of achievement when you build something new and functional as well as the feeling of progression."
,Recommended,427520,26624835,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SpectreOne,"Apparently I have 100 Hours on this game... Well, if anything It is a time wasting machine in and of itself. I enjoyed putting together absolutely absurd factories that span vast swatches of land and eradicating every single alien off the face of the map with a tank. You will definately lose track of time while playing Factorio seeing as making everything work absolutely perfectly takes time and planning some of these massive multipurpose factories that will carry you from the begining to the end takes multiple attempts to get used to. Mods are also available and widely used.I have played roughly 3 full rounds of Factorio from begining to end. Did something a little bit different each time just to see just how precise I could build everything based on resources and time. None of my rounds were absolutely flawless, but I got close enough to 80+% efficiency in building T3 chips from base materials with very little excess lingering on the belts.As an aspiring engineer, I love the complexity of it all and the precision planning that makes this game function so well. I almost gave up on my first round halfway through because I just didnt think BIG enough.Hints?:At first glance, you don't realize the insanity it takes just to put together late game equipment. Sure, you can break it down into smaller locations/factory blocks... But survivability deminishes greatly once you have to branch out like that. It is really easy to overstep and get squashed by all the bugs.TL;DRFun, Complex, and Difficult. Planning is required at every step and it is really easy to get yourself taken out by the bugs that enhabit the planet if you don't limit the polution you create. Definately a strategy game through and though. You CAN mod it and make it easier... But don't."
76561198017006663,Recommended,427520,26625064,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Shif,Pretty fun
76561198077974466,Recommended,427520,26568081,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The_Zognoid,Yuuuuuuuuuuuuup
76561197994715024,Recommended,427520,26643920,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Alucard Hellsing,"Great game!very addictive, super fun game!super easy to make a server with your friends aswell."
,Recommended,427520,26648350,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,D.Bergstein,Incredible.
76561197974993593,Recommended,427520,26650783,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ohrej,"it costs 20 EUR not 19,99 EUR ..... that should tell you something"
76561198139819278,Recommended,427520,26650944,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,guymine123,10/10
76561197998613032,Recommended,427520,26651121,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Collin,"This is an unbelievable game, definitely one of my all time favorites."
76561198197969509,Recommended,427520,26647791,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GODDAMKIDS,"""i finally finished optimising the circuit network, job well done, oh wait there's no more plastics, the oils run out!""1 hour later; ""well i should have oil for days, but wait, there's no more copper and the trains are jammed""5 hours later......""the oils out again""6 hours later.....""there isn't enough iron and the copper wire production isn't enough""6 hours later.....""WHERE IS OIL, COME 'ERE U LIL♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;After finding oil....*gets hit by train, hasn't saved in 10 hours*.........*crying, having lost the meaning of life*""Well time to start the grind again, i think i can make it better this time!"""
76561198205178975,Recommended,427520,26621420,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Vilpa,"Incredibly addictive game. I started playing this two days ago. I see rails and conveyor belts everywhere now.The combat is very simple, but fun. Atttacks auto-target, which removes the twitch factor from the game. This is good, because the game is really about building the coolest most efficient manufacturing facility ever.Great cooperative gameplay. Build elaborate meaningful structures, debug them, maintain them, defend them from alien invasion. Upgrade and develop better technology until you can escape this hostile planet.I have played this every day since I started playing. I am getting all my friends and family playing.My friend who gets motion sick from watching most games? She can play this and LOVES it.My kids who have been addicted to Minecraft for years? Are now addicted to this game (omg THANK YOU Factorio. As much as I LOVE Minecraft, I really needed a break)Low hardware requirements: Plays well on even my crappy 2012 Tablet PC laptop (as well as my Surface 3 and Alienware Alpha). A rarity these days. And incredible for a game in early access like this. Bravo!"
,Recommended,427520,26621723,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Destroyhim,This is one of the best sandbox-type games I have ever played. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,427520,26623284,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Y A   L I K E   J A Z Z ?,Is gud game. 20$=worth. Much play with friends. Very gud yes.
,Recommended,427520,26623518,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,P_Man1812,Its open world. Its 2D. Its just strait up amazing. It has everything you need in a game and a single playthrough can last forever depending on how big you want to build your factory.
,Recommended,427520,30914062,Posted: 2 April,all,Neylonium.gif,"Amazing GameFactorio is a really great game in my oppinion. It runs smooth on older or weak PCs, it has good gameplay elements, great pixelated artstyle and the mod-support is amazing."
,Recommended,427520,27396739,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vi,"When I first tried this game before it arrived on steam, I was unable to stop for about 12 hours. I played all the night, got to the work very sleepy, and when I came back the first thing i did is continued playing. I'd unable to stop for the first week.I don't know if there is a game more addictive than Factorio. Nominiating 'The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award'."
76561197970819574,Recommended,427520,27396766,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MacLeod,"This game is terrific.  While the colour palette isn't as broad as I would have liked, the options are nearly endless.  It's like a top-down Minecraft.  Lots of options to upgrade and an endless number of ways to solve the puzzles, this one is a thumbs up for me."
,Recommended,427520,27367405,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sodi,"Heard a lot about this game. In all honesty, when i bought it, i didnt think i would ever play it. This is now one impulse purchase that I will never regret.Likes: The controls are fluid, the dev team is constanly updating it, each feature has been thought out and carefully implimented. Extremely addicting.Dislikes: The UI could use a little bit of cleaning up (Just a little polish)Do I recommend it? 100%, this game has had me addicted to it, day in day out I find myself wanting to play it. It will make you feel as if you've only been playing 20 minutes, when its actually been 6 hours. The replay factor is amazing, you could play this on 1000 different maps and your factory will be different every single time."
,Recommended,427520,27367981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SynaGl0w,"Excellent time travel software. Despite not being able to go back, traveling forward works everytime!To transport yourself to the future:Launch FactorioPlay FactorioClose FactorioStep 3 completes the time jump. Congratulations! You have successfully traveled forward in time!"
76561198187302962,Recommended,427520,27368047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zach51zach,AMAZING!
,Recommended,427520,27368246,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bog21,"Fun game, I played 100+ hours in the first week of owning it, it was so addictive, The modding is awsome, there are soem really cool mods out there, if you get bored of the base game throw a couple mods in and it can completly change your experience"
76561198011947195,Recommended,427520,27368389,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Hound,"you dont play factorio, factorio plays you"
76561198091758160,Recommended,427520,27369667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flying Dutchman,"I'm only wrinting this too get the badge, nominate for 5 more minutes"
,Recommended,427520,27370595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Parasight,Like your life? Don't get this game. It will chew up your life and swallow it.
,Recommended,427520,27381148,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Schwick,gr8 game
76561197970919023,Recommended,427520,27384197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tiger666,"Many call it CRACTORIO, for good reason. I dare you to try this game. CRACTORIO not even once!"
76561198002054994,Recommended,427520,27381513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LiveInTokyo,Very addiction and always something new to create or do.
76561198251520382,Recommended,427520,27381616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Markerater,This game... I hate it. It is way too addictive and I can't stop playing it. I have 80 plus hours into it and I am not even close to done.  It is very polished and I haven't found any bugs.  RECOMMENDED
76561198058592096,Recommended,427520,27382047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ipootrainbows,Spent 44 hour on 2 play worlds time well spent.
76561197971696612,Recommended,427520,27387861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ludicrous,Started playing this game cuz of the trailer was not disapointed!!
76561198044196323,Recommended,427520,27385310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rigged,"This is the one game that does scaling correctly.  Start out small, fix some mistakes, plan out expansion, optimize some logistics, and suddenly you have a profoundly complex system that you understand from start to end.  No other game does it quite like this"
,Recommended,427520,27385460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Generic Player,breddy gud
,Recommended,427520,27386201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fuge Spazz,"Reciently aquired this, and just wanted to show my love for it. It instantly got my ""just five more minutes"" nomination after I played it and simultaniously convinced my friend to buy it right afterwords. Now we co-op to build the best well oiled system we can come up with.Gameplay is simple but satisfying. You're given limited tools to work with at the start and as you progress you're given more to figure out and improve with. Setup your system, only to figure out more, pull it apart and rebuild, more efficent and effective then before. I plan on clocking alot of hours into this.Recommendation Confirmed."
76561198018876334,Recommended,427520,27387461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[)ooM[3oM,Great overall game with constant updatesLittle bit of a learning curve but fun to try new ways and lots of mods to make it more interesting!
,Recommended,427520,27384884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,_mike,"Should be called ""Cracktorio"".will play forever. Excited for what's next."
76561198127778487,Recommended,427520,27363281,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cateyez,"This is a awesome game that is completly unlike any other game, I have played. If you like base-building and resource magangement this game is a must play!"
,Recommended,427520,27363574,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,toadnik,"This is probably the best resource management game I've ever played, and it's still in Early Access.  It doesn't feel like an Early Access game - the 'stable' branch has never crashed on me once.Warning: don't start playing unless you have at least 12 hours free!  And don't plan to sleep."
76561198033828951,Recommended,427520,27377167,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zoony-247™,"If you enjoy base building games like myself, this is the game for you. Even with an early access tag you should not shy away from this gem."
,Recommended,427520,27379041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrozenArc,"An amazing early access game that you can sink hundreds, or maybe even thousands of hours into, and probably still have loads of fun. If you ever get bored of the base game(and that'll take forever) there are community mods that can change the game completly."
,Recommended,427520,27379927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gubb,"Levels of ""just 5 more minutes"" rivaled only by the likes of the Civilization franchise."
76561198067634709,Recommended,427520,27375284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shrunk,"One of the better early access games ive played. Very addicting, as I loved watching my base grow from a small mining operation in the woods to a sprawling industrial complex. Slowly automating all of the processes you start off doing by hand is also very satisfying."
,Recommended,427520,27376285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpookyWoodenKlown,"Once you get the hang of it, a functioing layout is awesome"
,Recommended,427520,27376293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tovarisch Андрей,Really makes you think and feel accomplished!
76561198106320070,Recommended,427520,27376968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ptalbott,Have a couple hours to waste? Like solving puzzles? Trains? Robots? Play this.
,Recommended,427520,27378617,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VexTheProdigy,"Great game for those of us that are patient enough to create an entire community from scratch. You can make everything automated so you don't have to even play the game. Once you get to that point, just make some tanks and a backup save, then have a good time!"
76561198041960014,Recommended,427520,27372815,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nagion,"Do you have too much free time?  Were you voted ""Most likely to process optimize"" in high school?  Eco-terrorist aliens love your grandmother's recipe for a hot lead sandwich?  You should buy this game."
76561197974740898,Recommended,427520,27723645,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CobaltNova,"Factorio, though still in early access, is essentially a full game experience at this point. Most of the core features have been implemented or are in the very near future, and constant optimizations and graphics upgrades add to that which already is in the game.The freeplay game mode has a satisfying (and mass-producable!) end goal at present in the form of launching a satellite bearing rocket into space, the single-player campaign is rather interesting despite being a large guided tutorial at present, and the mechanics are all very well implemented.The developers have shown themselves to be at the pinacle of early-access game development teams, with regular status updates on currently developing features, and keen eyes for detail in their development practices.Overall the game is great and only getting better. I have high hopes for what the developers can accomplish in the future."
,Recommended,427520,27725039,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kobiya,So starting off this seemed like an okay game.. just try to figure out how the things work and interact with eachother and all of a sudden its next week...
76561198070300848,Recommended,427520,27722510,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pigeon Consigliere,"This game is pretty amazing. Its got so much potential in terms of maximixation, build styles, preferences, and it lets you discover lots about how you tackle a task. It takes real effort to come up with your own most effiecient way to get everything running. Truly an amazing creation. The early access tag is only because this game hasnt had much exposure. If you think you'd like it, go for it. I'm willing to bet that this game wil explode with a huge fanbase once people find it and realize how cool it is."
,Recommended,427520,27722839,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ApocalypseZomby,Great game for eveyone but OCD! Will consume your life!
76561197971702093,Recommended,427520,27723042,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FreakyFish,"This game is amazing. So many options to finish the game, or not, should you choose to just keep going forever in one safe. Many, many mod options, some of which are regularly getting integrated into the main game by the amazing developers that actually listen to their fanbase in a constructive manner without compromising their vision for the game."
,Recommended,427520,27110534,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VoidCooper,"This game is pretty much a game. Where you make everyhting by yourself first. And then boom! Factories and conveyer belts and drones and everything else nice. So you just stand there and watch everything being produced and notice that your iron production and oil is depleted, and you have to go kill some aliens which sit on your new precious freedom resources and claim it for yourself ofc.I'd say its a good game, and best played with 1-3 friends. (With decent internet connection because P2P multiplayer.)"
76561198015858829,Recommended,427520,27721956,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Boop,"Fantastic game of automation! Great base game, but far better with mods!"
,Recommended,427520,27724828,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dr. Bad,Its Pretty Good!
,Recommended,427520,27795225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nyakris,Best strategy ever!
76561197996012815,Recommended,427520,27795506,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gamedragon,"Factorio is at its core about building conveyor belts, and avoiding the other conveyor belts while you do so.For example you build a belt from a coal mining drill that splits its contents between your steam powered engine setup, that provides electricity (which you use to move things off the belt) and your furnace array (which can later be replaced with an electrical one).You now learn that you'll also need coal to produce plastics. You have a spot in mind for producing plastic, but you kind of built the entire factory between your coal supply and that spot.The essence of factorio is that winding snaking conveyor belt that braids itself within your existing factory just to add one more component to a machine.Then you realise you need to also supply the plastic factory with liquid petroleum. Then you try to make some advanced circuits with the plastics. then you use those circuits to make some robots, and those robots build more factories for you and before you know it, 6 hours have passed."
,Recommended,427520,27819985,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,8-BALL,"Definitely worth twenty bucks. Don't let the 'Early Access' fool you, the game is definitely playable and I've never had a crash.It's even better with friends, 10/10 would do all the work while other engineers shoot each other again."
,Recommended,427520,27818954,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Lorde,A great game which you can Play and start over againas many times as you want to it will never be boring
76561197984420282,Recommended,427520,27820910,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KnightWhoSaysNi,Great game if you ever liked games like industry giant. Only problem is that I have to use a mod to change the gamespeed (I have an aging brain). Therefore achievements do not work.
,Recommended,427520,27784176,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GX307,"I thought I was an expert on localized time vortexes, but little did I know about Factorio.  70 hours into about 3 minutes is the new record.Adding nuclear reactors will certainly cause even worse distortions, who knows how bad it will get soon."
,Recommended,427520,27784442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dongle,"What day is it? If you enjoy managing a nearly bottomless hole of production... Well, here it is.Factorio Is consistently updated, and has a developer that knows exactly what we want out of an early access title."
,Recommended,427520,27780253,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Josh,"I love love love this game. When I tell people about it, I describe it as a puzzle game, and it sucks away my free time like no other puzzle game has."
76561198012566307,Recommended,427520,27781234,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mastert103,"Factorio...what a game.I nominated it for the most complicated to learn, but most rewarding game this year.Overall, it is a wonderful game and if you are into building and problem solving and efficiency to the extreme, then this is the game for you.I have never played a game where I build a base and get all of the systems running fine, just to say I hate this setup and delete it all and build a more efficient one. It really does challenge you to become highly effiicent and there are millions of ways to setup your base and expand(the map is quite large).Get it today!20/10"
,Recommended,427520,27807321,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Maik NL,Great game!
76561197963446709,Recommended,427520,27804715,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,a1wjm,Awesome.
76561198037824502,Recommended,427520,27800808,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,codfish,The best supply-chain management game I have played so far.There is something about this game that could keep you playing it for weeks on end and there is always something to optimize and improve on your layout design to manufacture easier / better / faster.They also continually add more features and this means that you can take a break for awhile and come back and try all the new ways of optimizing your factories.The challenge mode also really helps you to understand the gameplay and forces you to learn how to optimize.
76561198174766137,Recommended,427520,22725713,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,honeybadger,this game is amazing I really love it
,Recommended,427520,22499578,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,RS,The best of strategic games that I played last years.
,Recommended,427520,22709707,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BathMat,I'm self employed and therefore get to dictate the hours I work. I only get paid for the hours I work. That means I have to have the motivation to leave the house.10/10 - would miss rent payments again
76561198246583136,Recommended,427520,22708362,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nullset,Don't try this game. Or you will waste your whole life on this game. This is the HEROIN.
,Recommended,427520,22704426,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,thomashenryguy,"Shortly after its release into early access, Factorio found itself neighbouring Stardew Valley in the Steam bestseller list. I have played both, and the contrast is worth exploring. Both are modern continuations of a classic game or genre. Both take advantage of the love of crafting, mining, building, demolishing and rebuilding again that we in the 2010s love so much. (Lord knows what our descendants will think of the generation which fantasized about throwing away all the luxuries of civilisation to dig stuff out of the ground. It's like a reverse-Billy Elliot fever dream.)Here's the crib notes: plucked from your familiar existence and deposited squarely in the middle of 'nature', you must make a life for yourself through hard work and resourcefulness. But whereas Stardew Valley longs for the pastoral world of Thomas Hardy, Factorio prefers a gruelling 'state of nature' straight out of Thomas Hobbes. The world upon which you have crashed is wild and foreboding, and if you ever want to escape it, you'll have to exploit its resources through the kind of brutal industrialisation which has led to our real world being such a safe and well-balanced place. The native population won't take kindly to this, so you'll be encouraged to exterminate them with ever-greater firepower. Luckily for you, the barbaric hordes yield vital resources for scientific research, which can only be obtained byliterally destroying their homes. If you're getting an imperial vibe from this, you're not wrong. It would hardly be the first video game to tap into a desire for conquest and domination, though. You're no better, Minecraft: Creepers are people too.If you want a management game which tests the reasoning and creativity of the player with ever more complex logistical challenges, you could do a lot worse than Factorio. A seemingly endless network of moving parts, conveyor belts, machines, pumps, pipes and boxes eventually reaches a point that is halfway between migraine-inducing and pure unadulterated joy. Moving up the tech tree feels compelling, and provides meaningful rewards. Resource scarcity and the constant need to find and produce new ingredients keep the player moving, exploring, and devising new ways to arrange the overlapping streams of materials. And all you fans of troubleshooting will be spoiled by an eternity of tinkering to get that perfectly optimised system working exactly the way you want.This is a brilliantly engaging game of ingenuity, exploration, and rather dodgy colonial politics. I've already spent too much time on it, and I guarantee I'll spend much more in future. Good job."
76561197968262751,Recommended,427520,22704823,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,toasteh,"Getting older I don't get impressed by many games these days, but have been a gamer all my life. Factorio came out of nowhere and kicked me right in the shins, in a good way. This game will constantly challenge and reward you in so many ways you never thought possible that it's absolute brain cocaine, Will run on literally any computer in beautiful old-school 2D design, and when it comes to puzzles, strategy, research, defense, base building, production, infrastructure, etc etc etc; this game has it all. I cannot possible overstate how addictive and intelligent this game really is. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,427520,22724801,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,rodarius,"Efficiency-Simulator 2016: How to find the G-SpotI nearly played like 15 hours now just to optimise one factorythat is part of the campaign, just to be able to pass this level.My brain is burning, so i suppose it's a good game."
,Recommended,427520,22724616,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Woodie,"One of the few games where I can play it for more than an hour without getting bored. Later in the game when you have to research for ages, there is a lot of waiting to be done. Thankfully the power of Spotify comes into hand :)Great strategy game. Must buy!"
76561198080526466,Recommended,427520,27382244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DeathSabre,Totaly worth the asking price. Just be ready to loose hours of your life.
,Recommended,427520,27470647,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,writor,Factorio is a great game. In the beginning its very simple but when you get further and further it gets very complex. that is what i like about the game and i never get bored of it/
76561198162156826,Recommended,427520,27470693,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Merasmus,"Factorio is a game that is so well made and has so much potential to be one on the best games ever, I loved ever minute i played it."
76561198025684333,Recommended,427520,27482034,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Peppa84,Completely awesome!
,Recommended,427520,27482062,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yasiel Puig,"Nominated for the Just 5 More Minutes award.This nominee lives up to the name incredibly well; as a player, you discover many things as you problem solve and try to automate production and such. It is a really, REALLY fun and addicting game, as basically all the reviews are saying.You know they aren't messing when its a clean 20$ to buy as well.What are you waiting for, buy this rare gem of a game!"
,Recommended,427520,27484691,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cat,Just buy it. This game is absolutely bar none the best logistics management/base builder in existence.
,Recommended,427520,27492577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kn1ght,"Built me a factory, it was glorious."
,Recommended,427520,27501841,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr. Weldgood,It is hard to put this game down because there is always some little thing you want to tweak before you do. Which... inevitably leads to another.Where did all the copper go? Crap. I'd swear I had 200 belts a moment ago.
,Recommended,427520,27507892,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,123,Factorio is a complex game that makes you think. As a still begginer player I watched as my complex became more complex crowded and less efficent. It made me want to start new make everthing bigger and bigger. This is one of the better games on steam.
,Recommended,427520,27508100,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tape Nation,"This is the incarnation of the ""just 5 more minutes"" award"
76561198036914988,Recommended,427520,27508368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bodag541,I've played more than 500 hours and I'm still not bored of it. I think it tells everything you need to know :)
76561198007992397,Recommended,427520,25834065,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,whiskia,"Complex and intricate, yet not too daunting to get into. This is the perfect factory building game, and is great to play solo or with friends."
76561197978737651,Recommended,427520,22269225,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,okoM,"Very intresting game if you are into setting up supply chains.Mainly you have to be lazy for this game,With lazy I mean u want to do as less as possible yourself and let machines do all the work for you.The gamepace is rather fast, it will take you about 30 minutes and you have a nice factory going.With extra mods to make it more complicated its a very fun game wich makes you forget time completly.Though grafics arent that nice, you adapt really fast to it so dont let that be an issiueEither play it normal or passive mode,Having your own factory doing all the work and you just chilling with a tank, its satisfying8/10"
76561198019018792,Recommended,427520,25775711,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,shadow7195,"This Game is Fantastic!  It will not be for everyone, but if you enjoy very detailed management Sims it is one of the best I have ever played... and I own and have played MANY.  Get if for $20 then buy everyone you know a copy to further support the devs!!!"
76561198022303767,Recommended,427520,25511918,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,killerbee181,Very Addicting!!!
,Recommended,427520,25512207,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ysfbkts,"Has a very high replay value, even though it doesn't seem like it. If you like tycoon type games, this is going to be your next favourite too."
76561198268371354,Recommended,427520,25511264,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Wyattjbarnett,"I think a certain type of mind set would only like this game but if you like civilization (It is nothing like civilization), you would love this game. It challenges a different part of your mind, a more logical mathematical side of logistics. The movies do a great thing of explaining the whole aspect of the game. Highly Addictive, highly recommended."
76561198008715766,Recommended,427520,25511759,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,PIXELS,Buy this game. You won't regret it.
76561198118352907,Recommended,427520,22417605,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,PranksterGangster,Great
76561198042419403,Recommended,427520,22423072,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Nara,I spent almost 13 hours building a factory thats only purpose is to put batteries in a box10/10
76561198051540387,Recommended,427520,30760134,Posted: 26 March,all,Ziron,"Runnin around with ma flamethrower, burnin up aliens that tryna destroy ma fancy factory"
,Recommended,427520,22787797,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Uneasy Rhetoric,A complicated and addicting strategy game. The goal is almost beside the point. How efficient of a factory can you build?
,Recommended,427520,22623736,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PopeLopez,Pretty dank
,Recommended,427520,22788068,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",Very fun game. Can't wait to see what new stuff they add next. Enough stuff to play over 40+ hours of gameplay in one match. I still did not unlock everything in this one match that I played. The only complaint I had was my fault I put the game on hard for singleplayer if you want to expand your bases and you do not have help do not do this put it on easy. lolIt is well worth the 20 dollars so no need to wait for the sale. I would play this game over a 3d game anyday.
76561198041221725,Recommended,427520,22788936,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Thamuz28546,"Fantastic game for those who like to plan, think, and build...then tear apart and build it the ""right way""....only to find a new ""right way""; the whole time running out of materials, power or defense; building bigger/smaller/cleaner/dirtier/efficiently/wastefully/Just-in-time/buffers-to-the-moon and any other way you can think up. Just do youself a favor and set an alarm/timer or you might play it until you have to work in the morning."
76561197990413742,Recommended,427520,22790951,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,drbrunki,"Amazing. Do u want to plan, build and manage an square kilometer large facility while beeing attacked from alien bugs? You should try this!"
76561198155582416,Recommended,427520,22844929,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,will.p15,aamzing fun game
,Recommended,427520,27561942,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BiggyD!!!,"Lazy people are always looking for an easier, more efficient way of doing things. I am extremely lazy so this game is perfect for me. WARNING: If you have OCD, this game may send you into overdrive. Still worth it though."
,Recommended,427520,27562461,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PaulD475,"Addictive ""just one more thing..."" gameplay."
76561198060788478,Recommended,427520,27562465,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Häns,Deeply satisfies my desire to have a more organized life (while still not having an organized life).10/10 would call in sick again
76561197968752995,Recommended,427520,27562692,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GeTRoGuE,I played so much and automated so many thing the game plays on his own.
,Recommended,427520,27566389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/ZACH3443,"*stops playing factorio* ""WHAT YEAR IS IT!?"""
,Recommended,427520,27404778,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Project2501,It is very well designed and gives endless hours of fun. I can keep it running while working :)
,Recommended,427520,30940322,Posted: 4 April,all,Ninjajrm,"This game is so good. it can have youplay for hours. It can just leave you thinking ""how can I make that faster and more effcient?"".8/10All it needs is more players."
76561198054134550,Recommended,427520,27463429,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yantholon,JUST AWESOME!!!
76561198026206590,Recommended,427520,27465124,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DukaSoft,"Nice puzzle!""Just 5 more minutes and then i'll go to bed!""3 hours later: ""Oops!"""
,Recommended,427520,27466689,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AvenDonn,"Let me just fix that belt and I'll call it quits.Okay, I've launched the rocket. Time to sleep... After I see if I can do it with just burners..."
,Recommended,427520,22989442,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Megacrafter127,"Mass production madness at its finest, as you mass produce the parts you need to expand your factory of mass production even further.Grindy at times, but that's part of the fun, when you finally got through."
76561198061994107,Recommended,427520,22990009,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,jacknum,Great Game.
,Recommended,427520,22992207,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Turrbskii,giid gunma p3iriod
,Recommended,427520,22934845,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Fuzzy Shaqueque,"Whenever i close my eyes at night, i can still see the factories power going down, always going down"
76561198086989234,Recommended,427520,22945545,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,papaleo115,"best game on steam, keep up the great work"
,Recommended,427520,22755706,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pego,Just incredible !
76561198141870991,Recommended,427520,22755723,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Dr.Rust,gg must have get now
,Recommended,427520,22795615,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Azraelle,"If you think you're producing too much, you're not producing enough.There's always a more efficient setup.Increasing output in one area means somewhere else is now running empty.If you're standing around doing nothing, you're not trying hard enough.Once you finally get it all working, try doubling your throughput.Find your bottlenecks and eliminate them.Blue Science is a pain to set up, but once you set it up, it's a beautiful thing.Don't wait until you have a problem, try to foresee what will happen when you expand, and take precautions."
76561198062949478,Recommended,427520,22793196,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mark,OMG is it already 23:48 ♥♥♥♥...
76561197975638388,Recommended,427520,22758356,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,The Raptrix,"I remember a time before games like factorio...I had family...I had friends...I think I may have been engaged to a lovely woman...and I have vague memories of daylight.Factorio is one of those new breeds of games that goes back to the roots of gaming simplicity by getting rid of the snazzy graphics and new set gimics.It takes an idea and makes it accessable.Factorio is by its nature, industrial crafting... with homicidal aliens.For the crafters out there, this is for you, dont worry about the aliens... a line of turrets will keep them at bay.For the blood thirsty alien hunters out there... you can builod a tank and drones.... 'nuff said.This game seems to bend the fabric of space and time, what you think is another 15 minutes actually was the rising and falling of governments.Buy this game, you only have one life, spend it and your soul on factorio."
76561198144681506,Recommended,427520,22728733,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,THEdawg66,great game
,Recommended,427520,22745883,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Asriel Dreemurr,"I love this game, but if I had to give it a star out of 5 rating, it would probably be a 4/5. While this game is still in early access, it needs some development to stay strong. A stronger tutorial is needed for the game, and a better way to fight aliens is necessary. Airplanes should also be in development which would be really cool. Overall, this game was a fun way to spend your time. :sans:"
,Recommended,427520,22745902,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,pg7979,Given the variety of things available to do in this game makes it amazing.
76561198111636590,Recommended,427520,22732444,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Simpleton98,"This game is so addictive!! Definitely worth £15 for endless fun, even though the graphics aren't amazing"
,Recommended,427520,22499465,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,FaceNommer,"Now, if you don't like building something simply for the sake of building, THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU. Do not buy unless you like building a factory for the sake of just building a factory.That being said, I do have some issues/qualms about this game.1. There is no real point to building the factory. I mean, simply building a rocketto ""research"" planets doesn't really do anything.2. There are some balance issues from what I've played. Power is FAR too easy to get. All you have to do is plunk down a bunch of boilers and steam engines and you're done. It's not too much harder than this. Other than balancing pollution, power is no issue.3. The aliens are FAR too easy to beat.There is no real difficulty with them. Just place some walls and turrets and just let them go at it. There needs to be a difficulty setting to make the aliens harder. I know you can make them more common, but that just makes it so there's more. On the two saves I've had, I've absolutely annihilated every alien within a ~3000 tile radius of the spawn area.I DO understand this is an alpha. I know there will be changes.Other than the couple of things I don't really like, this game is great, and if you like to build things needlessly, this game is for you."
76561198013724637,Recommended,427520,22669965,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,joey10sl,A+++
,Recommended,427520,22669918,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,SmixyRooster,I lost 50 iron plates due to aliens.I got lost trying to find more iron.I lost my save file due to accidental deletion.I lost an inventory filled with stuff due to trains running me over.I lost my mind after losing so much stuff.I lost my virginity to an large Alien Spitter.I lost my first wife to the large Worm.I lost my childhood because of the Mods.10/10 Would lose everything again XD
,Recommended,427520,22670499,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,F7 EnderGuy,"This game is one of the most fun games I have ever played! It may be boring to some people, but I love it. You can let your creativity take over in this game. I highly reccommend this game to steam members!"
,Recommended,427520,22681806,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[CSI]Union,I love this game.  Most fun I've had playing a game in a long time.
76561198024703336,Recommended,427520,22684443,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sarge,10 thumbs up! What are you waiting for?  Buy it now!  You see all the positive reviews? Doooeeet! Get this game.
,Recommended,427520,22642694,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,EZKatnipz,"Fantastic game, I love it. If you like managing huge sprawling factories of chaos while fighting off hoards of aliens and struggling as your friend places conveyor belts over other ones, causing everything to fill up with the wrong type of ore and stopping the entire thing then you'll love this game!! Tons of mods available on their forum and customizable world generation let you play the way you want.Great game, go buy it now."
,Recommended,427520,22682614,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,EvanTheMeatball,Usually I don't like games with this type of look; I usually stay away from them. The reviews were too good though and I was interested. Its. Hella. Amazing. 11/10
,Recommended,427520,22685121,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Voltem,Do not play this game. Do not. If you start playing it you will never be able to stop. Too good of a game. Also it will melt your brain. You just won't notice right away because its too much fun.
76561198053610475,Recommended,427520,22684130,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Classic Yellow,I've never written a review before but this game is amazing. Love it.
,Recommended,427520,22685560,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dave,This game should be classified as a narcotic.
76561197964345217,Recommended,427520,21556431,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,WarmGun,"I like to alternate playing Factorio with Stardew Valley.In Stardew Valley, you plant trees, cultivate a farm, make friends with the locals and be a nice person in general.In Factorio, first you rip all the trees down, then in the insatiable fires of industry, you incinerate anything that will burn.  Following that you annihilate the native inhabitants with machineguns, lasers and flamethrowers, and pollute the planet until it's within an inch of turning into a lump of coal."
76561198123122892,Recommended,427520,22683202,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,shoot009,GREEEEAAAAT GAME PEERIOD PLAY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
,Recommended,427520,22654901,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Salamander Man,"I completely and fully recommend this game. This game is amazing and you can get a lot of hours of playtime for the low low price of 20$. In fact, i myself would have been willing to pay 40$ for this, considering that my first freeplay game lasted 50 hours. The so called ""Campaign"" (extended tutorial, basically) took me like 5 hours to complete. On top of all of this, you can easily download and install many mods to increase the game's playability by A LOT. For example, after i got the game and finished my first freeplay game, i simply installed a ton of mods and now i can enjoy it all over again.Now, let's talk about the game's final objective. The final objective in the game is to build a rocket and launch it into space. Along the way to doing this, there are really no other goals and you can go at your own pace and get there in many different ways. There are certain things you don't even have to use if you don't feel like it. They might help, but they are not necessary. Some people don't like how vague the end goal is, but i personally don't really care. As long as i have something to work forwards to, Im fine. Along the way to getting to that end goal the game has managed to keep me constantly doing one task or another, steadily and almost unintentionally, working towards the end goal. Weather it be setting up a conveyor for my guns, trying to make a certain machine more efficient, or just trying to increase my intake of various resources, the game kept me busy 98% of the time. The other 2% of the time was me screwing around and running aliens over with a tank because i wanted to.Finally, let's talk about what makes this game unique. Now some people have called this a ""sophisticated minecraft"" or like a ""2d tekkit"", and i partially agree. While it is similar to those, it is also fairly different. In minecraft, your object is to build whatever you want, buildings, farms, towns etc... while in factorio your objective is to automate, something that is make extremely hard to do in minecraft. In Factorio you HAVE TO automate, or else you won't get anywhere, there are just too many things to craft by hand, and a lot of the objects you can even craft by hand. The concept of making a huge automated factory built however you want is something that you simply can't do in minecraft (and is made to be fairly hard, but doable,in tekkit).Overall I 100% reccomend you buy this game if you like sandbox games, base builders, or automation, cause if you do, your going to love this masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,427520,27392243,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zac50333,"If Infinifactory was the puzzle factory builder, and Big Pharma was the logistics factory builder, then Factorio is the creative factroy builder. As you can see from my playtime, I've played a lot of it, and still haven't finished the game without cheats. It's a very good game."
,Recommended,427520,27359555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Carl Sagan,Best Eco-Terrorism Simulator out there
76561198055336690,Recommended,427520,27359613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alores,You goal is to do nothing.....However in the end you spend so much time into your bases.
76561197995552683,Recommended,427520,27359683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Snuggles,"There are two ways to enjoy this game:1) If you're an engineer you might spend your nights building spreadsheets to optimize just-in-time delivery using enhanced supply chain logistics to build the best possible rocket-creation engine2) If you're not, you might just run around building stuff.Both are fun in this game"
76561198084633394,Recommended,427520,27359769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ECHmachine,"Okay, so admitedly I'm only writing this review to complete the Steam awards nomination badge, but let's face it, Factorio deserves every once of praise that it recieves. For anyone who is interested in the game, it is the type of game where you cannot put it down, even for a second. It contains basic computer programing, thousands of ways to automate your factory, an alien race to commit genocide against (not even kidding, you Christopher Columbus the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of their planet), an active mod community, and hundreds of hours to play. To get an idea of how much time can be spent on one single game, about 352 hours of my game time was spent on a single map. For anyone who loves to automate, build, and strategize, this game is perfect for you. BTW, they also have flamethrowers and forests to burn down. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,27344936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WKFF Atoms,This game is Awesome! this is the game that makes sure i dont go to bed. if you like to figure out the best way of doing things and be efficient with a small amount of combat. this is awesome!
,Recommended,427520,27364213,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpaceGoat,"If Minecraft Tekkit Mod thrilled you, this will ingnite your every synapse."
76561198008963257,Recommended,427520,27366503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skraeling,"Overall great game, for the logically minded. Creating an efficient factory occupied a large amount of time."
,Recommended,427520,27364746,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raravath,"If you like the challenge of making things more efficient, then I most positively recomend this game."
,Recommended,427520,22657745,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,dqlynch,Oh god
,Recommended,427520,22637675,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SamuraiTailor,"> read reviews> ""zomg youll lose all sense of time playing this game""> psh yeah right> Installs and plays the game> figures out how to automate> figures out how to automate automation> figures out how to automate the automation of the automaton> figures out how to automate that> figures out how to automate playing the game> realize ive grown a beard> ive never grown a beard before> lost all connection with friend and family> everyone has contacted me several times on steam but I never noticed> theyve all moved on> phone has been dead for days> realize i havent learned to automate my lifeAutomate/10Would automate again."
,Recommended,427520,22839653,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Aesu,Finally a game that requires some brainwork and is engaging and fun! Love it ~~
76561198136765917,Recommended,427520,22836591,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Slav Agent #1,could someone please tell me how to set up a server I wasted $40 I made from picking up my dead dog's poop...1 copy(me)1 copy (Friend)
76561198156326963,Recommended,427520,22836660,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Commander Dragon,Amay-zangly Addictively Fun!
,Recommended,427520,22836788,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sara,"Needs a tutorial mode and in-game explanations of ""This thing does X"".  There is a wiki you can tab out to which includes a handy list of keyboard shortcuts and all the recipies and a few of the high-level concepts though, so learning to play isn't a hopeless endeavor.Once you're in... Good God.  It's so worth the $20 even with all the beta kinks.  It feels like I've lost whole weeks to this game, and I only bought it two days ago."
76561198147801259,Recommended,427520,22832870,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Benjamin9116,This is a very good game but i wish they would add somthing like a nuclear reactor or somthing else for better power.
,Recommended,427520,22819180,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Yzov,very good very very good
76561198116624962,Recommended,427520,22819241,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Zeta,Great game overall i have been looking for a creative design that has campaign and a freeplay and even better Multiplayer although later in the game i am still having some trouble using trains but that maybe user error
,Recommended,427520,22827987,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,bfonder,"Huge learning curve, but highly rewarding."
76561198164299303,Recommended,427520,22830916,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,andiholm,Love this game. Brilliant.
76561198128728630,Recommended,427520,28144622,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,FlameGod,"More addicting and life destroying than heroin, for only a fraction of the price!"
76561198023230483,Recommended,427520,28089927,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KingATC,I turn on the game in the morning then without realizing I spent all day playing this game.Time really does fly when you are having fun.
76561198021498833,Recommended,427520,28090184,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Donald Trump,it's a beautiful thing
76561198053396608,Recommended,427520,27682258,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Icanixin | scummyscamwebsite.com,The
76561198237836396,Recommended,427520,27651188,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The One & Only 02,oh what you got a really cool small base?It would be shame... If someone rushes it with 1 billion zitillion buggy creatures
,Recommended,427520,28143593,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ƃuɐʎuᴉʎ,i love it so much
,Recommended,427520,30970855,Posted: 5 April,all,Crowarrior,"This game is one of the best i have ever seen! UNfortunatly, the technecalaties of it are quit complicated"
,Recommended,427520,28065452,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mario,"Very fun and addictive game that takes the best aspects from games like modded minecraft and makes them simple and intuitive to use, with a very good user interface and extremely satisfying gameplay, be sure to take a look at this game if you have any interest whatsoever in automation and efficiency!"
,Recommended,427520,26983124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,caron.mike,Very difficult to align your conveyor belts properly and everything keeps getting out of sync and backing up and nothing gets made and then the bugs come and you don't have any ammo because the factory is broken and now everything is on fire.Be warned.
76561198143213495,Recommended,427520,28062529,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,oceanmango,Have you ever been on drugs ? If no this is your chance :D play this game and you won't stop playing (excluding mods)Play the game with mods you will feel like 5 minutes have passed but in reality 50 F*CKING HOURS HAVE PASSED
,Recommended,427520,21666999,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,McCree,sospring break is next weeksome friends want me to hang outbuti have a factory to buildrest in peace 84 hours
76561197968150826,Recommended,427520,28075294,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mitul103,Amazing game that is being constantly improved by developer support and third party mods.
76561198104409000,Recommended,427520,28075448,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,flood,this game is awsome
,Recommended,427520,28071546,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheMalaysianPrimeMinistaa,Pros:- industrial engineering and optimisationheaven- depth of gameplay- I like to bully the local biters- crazy awesome tech tree- lasers and flying robots- awesome replayability- stupendously magnificent cut-throat multiplayerCons:- my family thinks that I have been mysteriously kidnapped as they haven't been able to reach me for days
,Recommended,427520,22381138,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,N0VA,"They told me to get a lifewhat is this life? can you automate it?-----------------------------------EDIT--------------------------------------I hope they add more stuff like NPC:s or crashed ships.I like this game and I think it's amazing, but I wish more of my friends would have it."
,Recommended,427520,28043690,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bokth,There wasn't a 5 more hours award but this earns it.
,Recommended,427520,28067434,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Danwri,Finally a sandbox game gets an end game goal!
76561198043506958,Recommended,427520,28070816,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Maximum Overspook Enabled,"Step 1: Build massive factoryStep 2: Anger giant bugsStep 3: Build wall of gun defencesStep 4: Bugs steamroll you anywayStep 5: Repeat, and have a great time doing so"
76561197985239406,Recommended,427520,28069118,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zaka,Probably the best game ever made.
,Recommended,427520,28041333,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Badgerbaps,"Surely any game that has a 98% approval rating after nearly 15,000 reviews is worth an hour of your time."
76561198010177502,Recommended,427520,28045990,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sephar,"This game... out of all ""survival/ build your own world"" this one takes the cake. 2D top down OCD at its finest."
,Recommended,427520,28042915,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Huhnthis,"So. I've only played this game for a little now and... well. It's just amazing. I forgot about the whole early acces minutes into the game. Everything is so cool and amazingly thought out. Not a single thing felt left out. The conveyor belt mechanics make for interesting lay-outs. If you like games with progressive tech-trees, get ready for a wild ride. Tactics? Sure, keep those biters and spitters at bay. Love complexity and wreck your brain over most effecient lay-outs? Just buy it already!I'm sure I'm gonna lose a significant portion of my life to this game. I very much recommend you do too!"
,Recommended,427520,28257353,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ThreeCoolWords,"This game is really well worth your money in my opinion.  The whole thing operates like a single, grand puzzle for you to work your way around so it really gets you thinking if you want to delve into it that far.  If you want to, you can optimize your factory to just about no end, always finding more efficient ways to produce, defend, and evolve.  On the flipside though, you won't be heavily penalized for playing it casually and just enjoying making your factory.I have never regretted the money or the many hours I've spent in this game.  I'm really excited to see the future developments the creators will bring and still excited just to continue learning and creating the craziest, most intricate autonomous facilities I can devise."
76561198019748828,Recommended,427520,28395485,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,doomharvester,long train running is a good background music for this game if u didnt know
,Recommended,427520,28396987,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,smiley meow cat,"This is probably one of the best industrial games ive played in a long time, the online co-op is also great and works well."
,Recommended,427520,28394617,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Faker,the best game ver 12/10
,Recommended,427520,28265252,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,whisper,"Friendship ENDED with anno games, impressions city builders, survival games, transport tycoon games. Now FACTORIO is my best friend."
,Recommended,427520,28309163,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[METROID][4],"One of the most polished games I've ever seen, and it's an early access indie game.The devs' Friday Facts, and the ongoing updates, are absolutely great, with one of the best communities I've seen (on par with for example KSP).The huge moddability gives you so many choices how you want to play the game in case you want to switch from a vanilla experience, from small QoL changes to tweak your style, to complete overhauls and lots of extra content.While the graphics might look simple, I really like how well structured and clearly visible everything is, clarity is 11/10. Addtionally, devs are working on making the textures and models even neater (for example the new train models recently, and now the new tracks for example with a new, improved 3D effect).The transparancy and communication of the developers seals the deal. Worth far, far, far more than the little price you're paying to get this game!(Oh and obligatory ""I've played the game way more before I got it on Steam"")"
76561198005714638,Recommended,427520,28309651,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Anarut,Bonetrousle in the background and I was mesmerized by it.Automate the production of radars and solar panels.Taking back the Continent one radar at a time.And hail the fast getaway tank!
76561198110053786,Recommended,427520,28301747,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,granddegis,"Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥man , This aint happenen man , we need to bail out, just get the ♥♥♥♥ outta here.   Great Game fun builder .   Massive Scale."
,Recommended,427520,28302289,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Hendo,Yummo
,Recommended,427520,28302385,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Thalins,"If you want to train yourself to be able to live with little to no sleep every night, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,427520,28302733,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,NXS | screen317,"Best early access game I've ever played,"
76561198192749055,Recommended,427520,28351208,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,fishingmanking1,love this game
,Recommended,427520,28349363,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,UnknownXE,"This game is unimaginably addicting and fun. Twenty dollars is an absolute steal for this well crafted game and every minute you are not playing this, you are effectively wasting your life."
,Recommended,427520,28348243,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Xephos13,"If the 'Overwhlemingly Positive' recent and overall score doesn't say enough about this game, nothing will convince you to buy it.You should definitely buy it."
76561198052614294,Recommended,427520,28422866,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bormann93,"""Imagine a remote and unexplored planet, full of life, richness and natural resources.""""Imagine you accidentally crash with your spaceship right there and your only possibility to survive is the use of your tallent to create technology""""So you start buy mining resources manually, this is a game about automation, your mission in here is to design movie players...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgfwwqwxdxY...for only then will you know what factorio is about..."
76561198045881110,Recommended,427520,28418917,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kyle.straker,Fun
76561198189036594,Recommended,427520,26807990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phobos Chefcases.com,"Really good balancing of economy, logistics and much more. A perfect game which is basically finished already but has active developers and a great community. A definite yes"
,Recommended,427520,28513451,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,the_Master(not),Put in 32 hours in the first 5 days and still haven't been burned out once. This game had no bugs as far as I know and runs on low end pc's. 10/10
76561198025869757,Recommended,427520,28516143,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,stevetrov,This game is rediculously addictive. There are so many ways to play and such comprehensive mods that the game has vast replayability. There is a great and helpful community out there.I hate grindy repetative games and I have clocked nearly 1500 hours in this game.I can not recomment this game highly enough.Its awesome !
76561198028273979,Recommended,427520,28516771,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Alister,"Crafting heaven. Like a mix between terraria (base building + defenses + crafting) and crimsonland (run and shoot aliens) and transport tycoon (Automation, trains and production lines)11/10 You can craft and drive a tank"
76561198030870127,Recommended,427520,28514152,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,markharrison,"Factorio is a creative game with a side order of combat. If you like to feel like you are making something and have your creation tested by unfriendly space bugs, this is for you.A colection of materials can be mined, smelted, and combined into a variety of objects useful for automating and protecting your factory. Work your way up from coal-powered stone furnaces to advanced circuits and a posse of flying robots to help with logistics and construction.As an early access game, be aware:- You will need to visit the wiki and forums several times on your first playthrough. I recommend having the game in one window, and a browser open in another. Pause (shift-space) is your friend.- Balance is still being adjusted. As the game currently sits, about half of the weaponry is of questionable utility. But the other half is amply useful, and I'll be surprised if the dev's haven't fixed this within a month.Factorio is impressively more stable than many full-release games, and the balance is amply adequate to multiple fun playthroughs already.The devs seem to have a good grasp of the value of orthagonality in game design. You have several groups of items in the game that each interact with the world in their own way: transporting stuff by conveyor belt, pipe, train, or robot; collecting raw materials; transforming materials; storage; constructing stuff; advancing research; turret weapons; carried weapons; even logic circuits. How you arrange these pieces is every bit as important, almost even more important, than simply building them. You have considerable creative freedom in the design of your factory, and it matters in how your factory works, what it does for you, and how efficient it is.The community is supportive and mods are plentiful. Though, I suggest avoiding all mods until you first complete the game. No sense in trying to learn Factorio with any added complexity from mods."
,Recommended,427520,28506474,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,bdM,"This game... WTF? Only 5 more minutes, and the day is gone. Lovely early access game, needs more end-game material/missions but without doubt one of my favorite games. And it's only in early access!!"
,Recommended,427520,28484650,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Jonneyfive,"Fantastic game. Skill and how casual you are doesnt matter as there is a range of difficulties ranges from no enemies to they will murderfy your face unless you haul and kick @$$. Every patch, which are quite often bring good things to the game and often improve it in huge ways, bringing in things like: better graphics, flame turrets, programming moduels, trains, and much more that are in game atm. The creator said he wanted to add artillary, new and improved turrets, building in space, possible flight and more to come. One of my most favorite games and i could sink countless hours if i only had the time!"
76561198215412999,Recommended,427520,28216669,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,twinsonpurim,"Replayability? I've logged over 600 hours.  This game is addictive enough that it should probably have a warning label.Active modding community?  There are thousands of mods, and the game is built from the ground up to support modding.  (Much of the ""standard"" functionality actually comes from a built-in mod.)Developers who care?  They've been maintaining this game for FOUR years.  Every week they post to their blog, and they actively monitor the community forum.  They release new updates frequently, and as of this writing they're a few months away from yet another major release.Warning: don't start playing this game at 10pm unless you're ok with getting four hours of sleep."
76561198041798188,Recommended,427520,28217652,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,CigThePig,Most comfy game of 2016
,Recommended,427520,28211033,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MedBlackstar,"Absolutely the most addicting game I have played in years (or ever). It's incredibly entertaining. You start off mining a few things by hand, and within a half hour you think you have things pretty well automated, but that is only the tip of the iceberg. The amount of stuff you can make is astounding, and figuring out how to put it all together and make it functional is another huge bonus to this game. I have found myself reworking things later on in the game just to save space to put more stuff down.I'm more than 10 hours into my newest map and we've still got so much more to go, and just can't seem to put this game down. This game comes HIGHLY recommended from me!"
76561197987873796,Recommended,427520,22270633,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,BeeDee,"What can I say other than thank you for another addiction game. Ever play modded Minecraft? Heard of Buildcraft and Industrialcraft? Factorio is those mods without the headache and on a MUCH better scale.This game is RIDICULOUSLY addictive. Everything is automated......everything. You'd think that makes this game a no brainer right?.....WRONG! Although there are machines to even build machines that build machines in here(whew), placing said machines in a manner that your OCD is happy with will drive you to the edge. THEN you have to defend it all from a horde of aliens that hate machines, and the more you have the more they hate you/send larger killing groups.I have 122.9 hours on this game as of this review and I still feel like I have barely started to understand the big machine that is my home base.Play solo, get a friend, get a LOT of friends, everyone make a base and link em all together via railway, or make 1 huge network and have everyone run a part of it(i.e. someone runs the rails, someone makes ammo/weapons, someone smelts ore....). A friend and I have been playing off a headless server on his laptop and it runs flawless, we only wish we had way more people.Bottom line, for $20....buy this game!"
76561198214653556,Recommended,427520,30972130,Posted: 5 April,all,sparkisteve4,It's really fun and easy to get lost into...
76561198271634351,Recommended,427520,26920754,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪SENKOSTER✪,4 words:MOSTADDICTIVEGAMEEVER
76561198069403081,Recommended,427520,28160431,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jdguil,"So, you land on an alien planet. Steal the resources, pollute the air, kill the natives, burn their villages to the ground, plunder their cultural artifacts and grind them up to make chemicals for your military/industrial labs. And humans call this 'entertainment'.11/10"
76561197999540105,Recommended,427520,28202626,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,The killer,This game is absolutly amazing
,Recommended,427520,28202831,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Frederdick Von Douchenheimer,Solve practical problems in impractical ways.Cocaine/10 Would poorly optimize my factory again.
76561198114659081,Recommended,427520,28192976,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Caner,Pros+Simple as vanilla but coplex with mods+You are the head of factory+Endless ways to construct your factory+Aliens which are very satisfying when you are killing them with your robotsCons(Because it is in early acces game)-Need more content to story and environment-Still has an ending which to easy to reach
76561198096404811,Recommended,427520,28087911,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Master Kotah,Awesome game
,Recommended,427520,28084270,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bigpeepee Player,"Can I have my life back please, I just want to eat, sleep and work without thinking about this game.Pls"
,Recommended,427520,28088213,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Thane,An amazing game.  Highly stable (even with mods).  I've played more than 300 hours and finally had it crash for the first time.   Thank you for making this fun and addictive game.
,Recommended,427520,28089158,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Suibomber,This game is just amazing. One of the best games especially for low end computers #IntelHD
76561198083383688,Recommended,427520,27737126,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kringspiermusketier,This game is a time machine...
,Recommended,427520,30967259,Posted: 5 April,all,Lexi Belle,Guide: How to lose time.Step 1: Buy this game.Step 2: Start playing itStep 3: Look outside the window and realise that you have played it for 15 hours strait.
76561198103228313,Recommended,427520,28201643,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,recklessredneck,This was the first 2d game I have played ever. It is soooo amazing! I could easily put 300+ hrs on this game!
76561198027121621,Recommended,427520,28201957,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Pink,Best early access game I have played. Well worth 20$. I launched a rocket after a couple restarts and almost 60 hours of game time total. I feel like i've only just started. Lot of replayability. Im already planning my next factory.
,Recommended,427520,30823633,Posted: 29 March,all,Bean Mountain,You can get a lot of time out of this. Worth the money even without the mods or the multiplayer. You can get sucked up in it for hours.
76561197966627694,Recommended,427520,24292645,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Feroc,"My job: I automate processes to minimize manual actions.My hobby: I automate processes to minimize manual actions.Factorio is more fun, the payment sucks though."
,Recommended,427520,22545705,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,NJOldersocks,"This game, much like the factories you can create in it, is a beautiful, well-working machine. It's abundantly clear that lots of love and time went into making this game, which is loaded with content - except the end-game could use work, but still lots of content - and virtually infinite replayability. Beware though, you will have to do some math in this game if you want to run a large, successful factory. Nothing crazy though.$20 still seems too much to charge for an unfinished title, no matter how stable it is. However, the devs are regularly updating the game & adding content so this looks to be one of the rare Alpha titles on Steam that will actually get finished.PS. The fanbase gives me flashbacks of Five Nights at Freddy's... Do anything other than fallate their precious game and they'll clench their♥♥♥♥♥♥and type furiously in your direction. But hey, that isn't the game's fault, and it wasn't Scott Cawthon's fault either."
76561198240229780,Recommended,427520,24297456,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DayNighter,Factorio is probably one of the greatest games I've ever played. This game is totally worth the money. Get it before the price goes up.
,Recommended,427520,30822958,Posted: 29 March,all,Jawsome beyond understanding,"This game is amazing. I have barely scratched the surface with 40 hours and yet it's so full of undiscovered tactics and wonder.I have to warn you though. It's a pretty hard game. It gets overwhelming very, veeeeery quickly as soon as you try to automate science packs for research. And even after that, if you don't cheat, you'll run out of iron and you'll have to go looking further away and build automated trains which are a PAIN to manage.Overall it requires way more brains than it looks. Don't get deceived by the low end graphics. This game is pretty tough.The main downside is that it can get boring for those who don't like to grind. Still, 9/10."
76561197997080547,Recommended,427520,24285623,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SomeDevGuy,Insanely addictive.  Minecraft is about doing things manually. Factorio is about automating everything you can possibly think of.
,Recommended,427520,24283663,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DeathVenom Gaming,It's an amazing sandbox game.I love to see that the devs are working hard to add many new features.
,Recommended,427520,26446567,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mikhail,"i really like the game in every shape and form as its endless with no limits, although i do think it could have for example pollution storm( if you make too much pollution then it will build and at some point release cuasing biters and spitters to get mad and try to attack the source .aka the factory. but in pollution storms bitters or spitters do not evolve from the pollution .or they would evolve too fast. and also more train and alterneate energy sources such as neacular and atomic power .which causes radiation which if too much theres too much radiation then it can harm the player. etc)"
,Recommended,427520,24281912,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Eternal Light,"This is a fantastic game, full of exploration and clever tricks just waiting to  be discovered as you expand your factory."
76561198225710788,Recommended,427520,24300639,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Aviator_Lord,I love how simple it seems but when you play the game it gets so hard. It took me like 4 hours just to build one green science loop. This game is probaly one of my favorites on steam and I can't wait to play more.
,Recommended,427520,21577379,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Get some!,i bought this gmae just because it was exactly 20$ and i didnt regret it
76561198299705561,Recommended,427520,24299258,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,dominiczx90,i love the game so much but theres a bug with the achivements just to let you know
76561198091290013,Recommended,427520,24268960,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,kufukufu,"This Game is great, you can play until dont know wat time is it. lol"
76561198009839450,Recommended,427520,24215060,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,s3ctas,This game is crack.
76561198048639276,Recommended,427520,24217653,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,wildgreen1701,This is the best game ever love how modifiable it is
,Recommended,427520,24213017,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fareigner,40 hours in. I bought this game 12 days ago. I think I need help. 10/10 would destroy life again.
76561198234745616,Recommended,427520,24213246,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MindCrusader,"This game is addicting.First you play and learn how things work, you create factories that later depends mostly on themselves.Then you fight aliens and create trains to get needed materials.And then... You learn what is logic network...Logic network allows you to create from simple to really complicated systems that helps in gameplay, optimises factory's work, optimises train supplying etc.I am programmer, maybe that's why, but the last thing is the most addicting. I use forum to solve problems with other people and it is fun!Developers are really kind, they are really active with contacting with the players.For me this game is ""MUST HAVE"" 10/10"
76561198115452628,Recommended,427520,24187162,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sgt.Ender,Super Spiel würde mich aber riesig freuen wenn man die mods über Steam downloaden könnte sonst super!
76561198036216572,Recommended,427520,24191829,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Revan,One of the most original games I have ever played. 10/10 would automate everything agian!!
76561198016868205,Recommended,427520,24154340,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Draggs,In dev but OMG its fun and new..... there is no reason not to buy
76561198067002369,Recommended,427520,24150032,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,taylorgaming12,Don't buy this game.period.
,Recommended,427520,24183032,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vertigofy,Definitely worth your money if you're into this kind of game. Best of its genre.
,Recommended,427520,24138570,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TheSpookyMedic,"Factorio is a great, low bug game. If you enjoy micromanagement and organization, then this game is for you."
76561198005097432,Recommended,427520,30692263,Posted: 23 March,all,[Hbnb] Styphon,"Factorio is amazing, so rarely have I had a game that speaks to my inner builder / organiser. Even in Early Access this game is so much fun to play. I've completed it many times, spent many an hour just optimising my production line. If you like puzzles and builders where you start small and combine items to make more and more complex things then you'll love this. If you like them with the added pressure of things ripping your equipment (and you) apart as you rush to research and build enough defences then you'll absolutely fall in love with this game. I cannot recommend it enough."
76561197975225738,Recommended,427520,30682261,Posted: 23 March,all,WaffleTap,"Comfortably melts your brain.Fun managment game, better with friends."
76561198131194561,Recommended,427520,27421190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Enconi,"Definetly the winner for ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award."
76561198065457769,Recommended,427520,27419787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wiseman,"I've been looking for an addicting game to get me through the winter. I couldnt find one last year. I was about to give up. Now I'm worried I might not get out of the house again for a few years. Oh well, people suck anyways. This game does not."
,Recommended,427520,27422112,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alex,"Easy to pickup, takes time to master. Don't be tempted to look designs up, I've had allot of fun improving my awful first factories.Nominated this for ""The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award""!"
,Recommended,427520,27420782,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nukken,This game is fantastic!
76561197974420534,Recommended,427520,27420793,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rivfarfar,Land in a beautiful new world and exploit it until the natives gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and proceed to kill them all and use their babies to fuel advanced technology.All just to launch a satellite into space ;)
,Recommended,427520,27419240,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dima.key,Just start to play and you will forget about time :)
76561198011772731,Recommended,427520,27418615,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lokey,"PROS:As a programmer I would say this game is highly optimized. I would expect there is no other game of the same type which could handle more entity than this game.The game community is huge, with lots of mods.Multiplayer is fun.The dev are very active. They release update very frequently. They also listen to the community's suggestion.CONS:This game is way too addictive, makes you sleepless.This game is about automation. If you like to build things all by yourself then this game will not be your cup of tea.I highly recommend this game, as it's completeness is high, and yet they are still adding lots of contents in it.The mod community is great, lots of meaningful and fun content, makes the game never become boring.Have been playing for many hours already. Mastering the game will give you a sense of achievement."
76561198104024177,Recommended,427520,27291190,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DinoDan,"A game for nerds, by nerds. I highly recommend it. Just download and play the demo to see if you want."
,Recommended,427520,27291798,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grayghost,This is a crafting game... WAIT don't go! This one's actually good.The whole point of the game is to build machines and systems to automate the crafting process and fend off the hostile wildlife in the process until you can build a spaceship to get away (or something).Phenominal game for the right kind of player. Well worth purchasing even in early access.
,Recommended,427520,27290395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bynirn,"Good indie game. Open world game where you build up a factory making it more and more autonomous. You also have to build up defenses for your factory, like turrets and walls, to defend your factory from aliens."
,Recommended,427520,27288831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Robobenklein,"I love this game.It's an outlet for my engineering-style creativity, it gives me the kind of enjoyment I originally only got from programming.Obviously, this game isn't for everyone, it requires very good technical planning and design, but for engineers and programmers like me, this is potentially one of the best games to help tune your critical thinking, system design, and long-term planning skills."
,Recommended,427520,27289670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,oredamn,Ding ding ding
76561198065452105,Recommended,427520,27287955,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aero6,"If you were the kind of person that liked modded Minecraft because you could automate EVERYTHING, turn back now"
76561198055553170,Recommended,427520,27367393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zes-T,The game wont let me leave......... halp!
,Recommended,427520,27347309,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,andvik,"I've never done crack-cocaine, but I imagine it to be like factorio. Try a free sample, and then ages later you wake up in the gutter with no idea what happened"
76561198147192106,Recommended,427520,27340197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grey Jelly,"Buy your own copy. Buy your friends a copy. Weep at the state of your wallet, but know it was worth it."
,Recommended,427520,27340541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Psycho Rob,"I've long been addicted to Minecraft and I never thought another game would take my attention away like Factorio has, it's comparable in that you gather resources to build stuff and each new update brings you back to check out the new features."
76561198170443299,Recommended,427520,27343531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,trainmastertmp,i think this game is awesome
,Recommended,427520,27386861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clarkinator,This is an amazing game but gotta work out how to best deal with your map.... So hard but such a great game.
76561198116501369,Recommended,427520,24381778,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,"""Normality""",Great game!! Press alt to see your pollution on the map. Got it all red. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,24384760,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,The Cryptic Hand,This game is worse than advanced alien technology
76561198157509544,Recommended,427520,24398711,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,X2 Ezy Animations,"I love this game, and there's only one problem with it to me.. I'd love it if you made it easier to play with friends, right now the only way I can connect with friends is a LogMeIn Hammachi server, and sometimes that gets annoying."
,Recommended,427520,24396030,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Expired Poison,Perfect game for those with OCD and general thinkers :)
76561198051192403,Recommended,427520,24396518,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,theman99999,"This game is so fun and gave me many hours of entertainment. This game allows you to play in different creative ways. i wish there were more objectives, scenarios and game types though. ;,C"
76561197971045496,Recommended,427520,24389684,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TisAFleshWound,"Building stuff is fun. I have 155 hours in and still come back every couple of hours to add to my base. There are a million ways to win and you are in control, making this a different kind of game from what we have been given over the past few decades. It has the replayability of the Civ games and you craft things similar to minecraft, these guys have done a great job. The only thing that I find annoying is laying out the train tracks...that can be a hassle but if you put the time in it works out and is wholly enjoyable. I recommend this to anyone who likes strategy games."
76561198069404667,Recommended,427520,24244841,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Doon_Coon,really fun.
76561198079096019,Recommended,427520,24415636,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,FKW01F,"""Yeah, I guess I could play a little bit""2 months later...""Well, I missed my interview, forgot to see the doctor for my neck surgury, and missed michael jackson returning from the grave...2 months well spent"""
,Recommended,427520,24435321,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sky Armada,it's so good I feel like I have to uninstall it so I'll stop staying up until 3 AM every morning playing this.
76561198025108889,Recommended,427520,24453519,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,tr1ll10ns,"When I think of good games, I think of Mincraft, Terraria, Spore, or Factorio.PS: This game makes 4 hours feel like 8 minutes."
76561198040259131,Recommended,427520,24361605,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Draz,Fun 8/10
76561198068244349,Recommended,427520,24362195,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DaMillerOhana,"I have the game, but I have the older version, is there a way to update it to the new version?"
,Recommended,427520,24408082,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,how to exit the game in 3 steps,Best game if you like automation and watching your creations grow and become self sufficient. It always feels good making somthing that maintains itself.10/10 make machines to make stuffeasier.com
,Recommended,427520,24408145,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DrRetard,"This game is absolutely insane. The level of automation allowed is well beyond anything I expected. The poorly designed systems I design would make me expect a heavy amount of lag in any other game, but there are tens of thousands of objects moving around on the screen at once and it doesn't miss a beat."
,Recommended,427520,24437951,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,PS|Shadow Master,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVERYONE SHOULD GET THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BBBBBBBBBBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY THE GAME IT IS LOADSSSSSSSS OF FUN!!!
76561198030048030,Recommended,427520,24438375,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Happy plays,Best game ever
,Recommended,427520,24440003,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,emporer25,very awesome
,Recommended,427520,24438763,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,NaKuGaKa,the game for people without a life and ocdbut ofc other people can play as well ^^in short its a very addicting game with a lot of micro managementand its fun if you like making complex systems and puzzelsand if you hate that plz go away because you will only badmouth a  good game in a revieuw
76561197995396914,Recommended,427520,24436313,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Kolhammer,"i was a little skeptical about this game - but the positive reviews finally made me purchase the game. for the following week i did nothing but play this game in my spare time - and think about it when i wasn't playing it. totally addictive and leads to a great sense of satisfaction when you have your advanced factory fully automated and churning away.the setting is great and it i love the atmosphere of the game.however once end goal was achieved i really didn't find the need to play again. for me, personally, i would certainly play again if there were many more items you could build to make the factory a little more personal. i would love the ability to enclose sections in large warehouses - even build living quarters and have more decorative items.additionally - continuing the game once you have left the planet - to find more, challenging planets would be pretty amazing. less flat worlds would also be good and more interaction with water - such as building bridges, or even swimming.i know this is still early access - and i think it is a wonderful game. i just hope to see it more fleshed out to give me a reason to keep playing."
76561198214128619,Recommended,427520,24436374,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jack,"Just Do It! SLAM THAT BUTTON, YOU WON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT REFUND FOR ONE SECOND IN YOUR DAMN FACTORIO ""CAREER"". THATS WHAT IT WILL BECOME. DOOOOOOO ITTTTTTT"
76561197989201019,Recommended,427520,24416914,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Psifen,AMAZING!!! Buy this game! Now!To the developers: Keep up the great work! I LOVE this game and can't wait to see what you guys add next!
76561198079900361,Recommended,427520,21646674,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Stormtrooper,"first hour I build a line for red potionand next two hour for greennow 5 hours past, im still stuck with the blue potion.Roadkill - confirmKill time - confirmBrain burst - confirm"
,Recommended,427520,21635300,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tab Holder Extraordinaire,"10/10, excellent and extremely addicting game. I bought this game and played 12 hours within the first two days."
76561198023824231,Recommended,427520,21635684,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Aaron DeWitt,"If you liekd building large compelx machines in Minecraft, or can even remember enjoying Busy Town from decades ago, this game is for you. With Zerg like enemies, compelx machines, and complete autonomation ability.... I couldnt ask for more, except maybe that it could be 3D, and firstperson ha.This game is amazing."
76561197982456724,Recommended,427520,21656953,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Smoey,"One of the best games on steam.Worth the money and and 450 mb to install.A game you will think about when not playing on how to 'make it better'  'make it faster'VERY addicting.2 hours game time is 5 in the real world... or so it seems,"
,Recommended,427520,21656578,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Evil Typhlosion,"In the last 12 hours, 9.2 of them have belonged to Factorio. I haven't even made a scratch on this game, but every moment I seem to be learning something new or making my machines more efficent. Currently I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,427520,21656630,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SirScud,I love this game!
76561198031330972,Recommended,427520,21657729,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,josiphine,Awesome and interesting game. Not been into a game this much in ages!
,Recommended,427520,21660295,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AghastAmok,"Do you like carefully crafting stuff? How about staring at your screen for 3 or 4 minutes trying to decide what component would be most efficient in this particular system?If you answered yes, you might become addicted to Factorio! I'll be honest and say this game isn't necessarily FUN, more like addictive. I always found myself rushing from place to place, my to-do list gaining two items for everything I checked off, all while putting out fires when the cropped up.In all seriousness though:Pros:The goal is to build one end-game building, but it's a monumental task that must be built to... and there are endless ways of getting there.Game is finely polished and ran without hiccup.Addictive as hell, never once got bored.Cons:Not necessarily FUN as much as involving and addictive.Combat leaves something to be desired. Very one-dimensional, but it feels like this was relatively intentional.Girlfriend doesn't like it."
76561198122789980,Recommended,427520,21660425,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,RumpleForeskin,"Has some money in my steam account and I thought why not??Looked like a good game based on the trailer and reviews. I sit down to play for ten minutes and six hours later I stand up again. Doesn't deserve to be called early access, it's more finished than a lot of games i've played recently.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21660467,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Icbash,Great gamePro EverythingCon  loss track of time opps its 5am kinda game
,Recommended,427520,22554764,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Tesla,"This game is very very very very very veyr veyr very very very evry very very nice.Now I need to automate the typing of ""very"".The ride NEVER FU***** ENDS!!!!"
76561197998629714,Recommended,427520,22552492,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,tron,"I've been burned way too many times with Early Access that I rarely if ever purchase EAs any more. This game was an exception I'm glad I made.It's part factory efficiency/planning simulator with laying out production chains and part RTS with defending yourself against the wildlife. You can tell a decent amount of thought has gone into all aspects of design which really makes for an enjoyable experience.Pros:- Very nice ""ant hill"" effect. Lots of bits and pieces moving around your production chains that it's a pleasure to watch and can suck you in if you're not careful.- The wildlife attacks keep you on your toes (unless you play in peaceful mode which is also a nice touch) and ramp up in difficulty so you can't plop down some defenses and forget about them.- All items have a use, even the basic ones that can be upgraded. The basic versions use fuel (usually coal or wood) while advanced versions use electricity. Pros and cons to both approaches.- Lots of helpful technology. Conveyor belts are fine, but trains are much better across large distances. Drones that do your bidding. Logic systems to sort and filter items. Capacitors to store excess energy. Just to name a few.- Very complex and deep research tree. I've barely scratched the surface and I'm excited to see more.- The UI is very helpful. Everything is either WASD, uses keys near WASD, or uses the mouse. Very intuitive and didn't take long to figure out. Also each item tells you exactly what it needs, how long it takes to make, where it is made, and even what base materials are required if refinement is needed.- While most items are made in assemblers, you can make a lot of things ""in your pocket."" This really helps to fill in gaps or unplug blockages in your production chain.- If you need materials from your production chain, you can just run around and ""vacuum up"" the items you want.- Lots of customization if you want to do freeplay. You can set things up just how you like.- The price is $20.00, not $19.99. A small thing, but appreciated nonetheless. No mind games or trickery.- Special shout-out for the trailer. Shows actual game footage that conveys the game very nicely in a short amount of time. I sure hope other game makers take note.Cons:- The tutorials need some love. The first tutorial is very good in that it holds your hand and tells you exactly what to do and how to do it. The next campaign feels like a more in-depth tutorial that slowly reveals more of the tech tree, but they include extraneous techs in the tree. It's hard to know what I should do next. There isn't enough hand-holding and explanation for a new player like me. I had to go view some YouTube videos to figure things out like trains and oil production. IMO, that should be done in-game by a good tutorial, not out-sourced to fans. Also they need someone who speaks English to go over their text. Some grating grammatical issues that make it hard to read at times.- There is currently not a whole lot of scripted content (campaigns). The initial campaign is nice (minus the issues mentioned above) but left me wanting a whole lot more. There is player content, but again that seems like a lazy cop-out. Also, this is EA, so perhaps there's more coming?So as you can see, a lot more pros than cons in my mind. A very polished game for EA. Definitely worth jumping the gun."
76561198014069813,Recommended,427520,22554984,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,KoS l Judgement Jacob,"Get it. Don't quesiton me, just get it."
76561198008379542,Recommended,427520,22555144,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Q. Bob Watson,"This is the ultimate mining / supply chain / production / logistics / tower defense game.  Gameplay is complete and extremely well-balanced.  All aspects of the game (mining, production, logistics, and alien attacks) ramp up simultaneously and at an even pace that you largely control.  It's very satisfying to go from mining individual units of ore with a pickaxe at the beginning of the game, to having hordes of flying robots on your character that carry out your construction projects for you instantaneously after 40 hours of gameplay.The single win condition requires having a fairly sophisticated supply chain and robust mining and transport facilities (i.e. a rail network) to produce thousands of high-level items.  Or you can join multiplayer servers and build super-factories, as seen in the screenshots -- though I haven't tried.Replayability is very high.  By the time I finished one game, I'd have new ideas for how to organize everything better, so I'd be excited to build a new factory from scratch.  Plus there's extensive modding support.The game's optimization and moderate resource usage is impressive.  My huge factories run with no problem on my 3-year-old Macbook Pro laptop.  (By the way, I've spent hours playing with a trackpad -- of course, if you have a huge monitor and a real mouse, that's nicer.)  The visuals are nice and the animations are smooth, but of course I didn't expect it to be graphically demanding; what impresses me is that it can simulate a huge factory without making the cooling fans on my laptop run like a jet engine.The one downside is the lack of documentation.  There are some nice tutorial scenarios, and there's a wiki, but for details on the mechanics (or even the purpose) of some of the advanced game objects, you'll have to comb through the forums, or just experiment.  That said, I wouldn't characterize the learning curve as particularly steep, since you can safely ignore the more complicated mechanics on a first play-through, and you largely control the pace of the game anyway.It's hard to see how anyone could make a better game in this genre.  Paying $20 for (at least) dozens of hours of enjoyable gameplay is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,427520,22540140,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Lyancer,"I never write reviews for anything, but this is one exception. I love this game... It's innovative complex and never ending. It just keeps getting better and better the more you play. I would recommend this game to anyone who gets pleasure from building a system and watching it work, or someone who like to optimize systems they create."
76561198031486112,Recommended,427520,22537405,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,chrisgrimes,Stop reading the reviews and just buy this game already!
,Recommended,427520,22538165,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,amkhasawneh,"If you're into strategy, play this game. Like, yesterday!I can't describe it in such a way as will impart how good it is to you, so your best course of action is to download the demo from the developers' website, agree that it's one of the best games out there, and then buy it. I couldn't believe such a tiny game can be so good and complicated.Good luck!"
76561198147263365,Recommended,427520,24513072,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ninjacks,"The machine has consumed me. I no longer have control over my actions. What is real? It floods my thoughts as we fuse into one single, autonomous organism that resembles the ultimate factory, a true beauty. There is no turning back.We are one.We are factorio.10/10 would destroy the world for oil again#murica"
76561198204416551,Recommended,427520,24494060,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,RoyalG,"best game of the year 10 out of 10. I was sitting there and I said to myself well I have $20 so I might as well buy this,after playing it not knowing what the f*** I'm doing I sat there and thought to myself damn I should have about this game sooner."
,Recommended,427520,24490031,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,elektro,"Early in the campaign, I receive a distress signal from a far-off base. I need to build a car to investigate and offer assistance.Car requires (a) iron plates, (b) steel and (c) engines. Iron plates require (d) iron ore. I can mine it by hand but it would be faster to use an (e) electric mining drill. Electric mining drill requires (a) iron plates, (f) iron gears and (g) circuits, which require (a) iron plates and (h) copper wire, which in turn requires (i) copper plates made of (j) copper ore. The electric mining drill also requires (k) electricity. To generate (k) electricity I will build (l) a water pump, (m) boilers and (n) steam engines. The water pump is made of (g) circuits, (k) pipe and (f) iron gears. To turn the (d) iron ore into (a) iron plates I can use a (o) stone furnace, which obviously requires (p) stone. I can mine that myself too. To save time doing this manual mining I should build a (q) iron axe as soon as I have some (a) iron plates that I can turn into (q) iron sticks and combine with more plates. To make (b) steel I need (a) iron plates and (r) coal, which will also power the (m) boilers. To make the (c) engines, I will need (b) steel, (f) iron gears and (k) pipe, which I also needed for other projects. The trick will be the (s) conveyor network to distribute the parts efficiently. The (j) copper ore and (i) copper plate production line will look much like the one for iron. I'll build them in parallel. I can't forget to chop down some trees with my (q) axe to get (r) wood so I can build (s) small power lines to wire the (n) steam engines to the (e) drills. What did I miss? Right, I need to research a few technologies in (t) labs using (u) red and (v) green science packs. The (u) red ones are easy -- just (a) iron and (i) copper -- but the green ones are made of (s) conveyor pieces and robot arm (v) inserters, which means more (a) iron, (f) gears and (g) circuits.I set to work.By the time I get there, everybody's dead. Obviously.They have a new design for a faster conveyor belt. I take all their stuff and commandeer their rail network. It becomes clear to me that I am going to need to build a locomotive."
,Recommended,427520,24537572,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,♠Lavamat♠,If you like automating stuff or programming this is for you
,Recommended,427520,24534728,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Owangejewice,"Years from now, when this game is in version 1.whatever, and there are flying cars and 12 different nuclear powered giant robots and the hyperloop can be built, I will fondly remember the good old days when power came only from steam engines and solar panels. When the kids tell tales about crushing a bug village with crazy explosive lazers, I'll be the old guy in the corner going ""tsk, in my day all we had to destroy the bugs were cars and guns with bullets in them! maybe you had a tank if you were lucky...ah, to heck with your lazy generation..."""
,Recommended,427520,24479687,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Epic Wink,Very well made game
76561198271153235,Recommended,427520,24473825,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,X_Shadow101_X,"-*spawns*-""hey, what's that over there?!?""-""oh, hi little creature!""-""woah, hey, you're getting a little close, buddy.""-'Hey...""-""HEY!""-*alien starts attacking, 50 more show up out of nowhere*-""AGH! THEY'RE EATING ME!!!""-*dies*-*gives up for the day*14-ish days later:-*has massive factory*-*produces 3 tanks*-*invites 2 other friends to help me*-*goes on a massive rampage and kills every ♥♥♥♥ing alien on sight*-*still dies to a massive ♥♥♥♥ing worm*-*rages*-*breaks computer*I rate 9/11, would commit mass genocide and break my gaming computer again."
,Recommended,427520,24487943,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,astraybeat,"Play this game for 12 hours, turn off the computer, get some sleep and it resume on my dream. *DOH*"
,Recommended,427520,24519206,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,The Little Kraken,Food? Sleep? Air? no no you got it all wrong... FACTORIO
76561197970948178,Recommended,427520,24488881,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ionicbox,"Addictive and great fun,"
76561197974721626,Recommended,427520,24499745,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,BJAlex_The_4th,A simple resource and production management concept blended nicely with complex logic and base defense. I very much enjoy watching the system of belts and plants churn out parts and materials and then going in and evening out all the avenues of supply. Looking forward to the rest of their development.
76561198062185129,Recommended,427520,24464515,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,peter.schneider.127,Just an amazing game. It's like minecraft but without the building part and just focusing on automation - and that to the max. Definetly worth it's money.
76561197990928843,Recommended,427520,24469091,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tohos,Played over 100 hours and still love this game. Always coming back to find ways to optimize factory production lines and efficiency =D
,Recommended,427520,24504805,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Burn_E99,"As I have reached 100 hours in this game, I thought I should share my thoughts.Factorio is a great game that allows you to create and design your own factories and you have to keep trying to improve to adapt to the new needs when you expand.  A typical day goes like this:Let me make a factory making stack insertersCrap, now I need more ironLet me set up more iron mines and a rail line to connect themWhy are they mining so slow?Crap, out of coal!  EMERGENCY POWER MODE!Ok new coal mine is working, where was I?Oh yes, the ironOk Iron is now stable and working, but why am I not getting a steady stream now?!@#$%^& COPPERRepeat with each additionDefinitely worth $20!"
76561197970310540,Recommended,427520,28062159,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dutzi,Want to feel the Boundaries of your brain?With this game they will get pushed realy hard!Love it!
76561198069248557,Recommended,427520,28071307,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RJay,Should have been called Cracktorio.
,Recommended,427520,22029639,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Malice The Freak,"Very good for wasting time, until that time becomes lack of sleep, an then lack of schoolwork, and then lack of job hours, and then lack of money, and then lack of house, but it was worth it"
76561198093076718,Recommended,427520,28145667,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,rodriguezlatonic,"I could have logged in more hours, but my Civil Engineering classes are taking away my playing time.In all seriousness, if you have a dream that you want to accomplish, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME! lolThis game is so simple that you simply want to get better at it."
,Recommended,427520,27925667,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mitterdoo,how to play:1. invite your friends to play with you2. get your friends to shoot the locals while you set up automation3. stay up all night automating weaponry and building the rest of the factory while your friends sleep4. invite your friends to watch the rocket launch5. win the game by doing 95% of the work
76561198030777253,Recommended,427520,28030367,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mikejt4,Awesome fun ... put way to much time into this already.
,Recommended,427520,28030667,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,slothstronaut,This game is just crazy addictive.
76561198051884433,Recommended,427520,28024333,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cdoyle71,"Very addictive game, I play it for hours at a time and have yet to get to the goal, because I keep starting over and trying new things. Looking forward to the upcoming updates."
,Recommended,427520,28024512,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Austin,Never had so much fun laying belts!!
76561198238481192,Recommended,427520,28010070,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,linus,"Awesome Game I litterally got addicted to it for a ttime... Now that I played threw it multible times and still after I made the rocket-production faster and faster it didn't really get boring... This is one of the games I spent most time with and now, finally I got away from it, probably till the next update is out. Great work guys."
,Recommended,427520,24204592,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jim,Factorio....Totally recommended. Just don't let it suck up your entire productive life into being more productive in terms of making more 'iron plates'.
,Recommended,427520,24204873,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Allokym,One of the greatest games I've ever played.
,Recommended,427520,24170764,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dangliest Heck Alive,"Factorio is a great blend of a factory sandbox and sci-fi survival.I can't imagine how amazing this game will become when it is completed. As an early access title, this game is well worth its cost with the amount of content and replayability involved.Get this game if you are a fan of:- Automation- Logistic logic- Blueprinting and creating advanced sprawling compounds and factories- Tower defense games- Feed The Beast Minecraft Modpacks"
76561198057142966,Recommended,427520,24031363,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ste jxxn,life wrecking
76561198005985121,Recommended,427520,24029397,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Abaddon,One of the best resource gathering games i have played. The idea for complete automation of planet sized factories is amazing and the developers nailed it! I could recommend this game more.
,Recommended,427520,24027749,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,atomicsunfish,Looking forward to working multiplayer
,Recommended,427520,24171329,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Vaiifilhao,"If you like games with production lines (like Caesar, Anno) this game is a dream coming true. The developers made the game fully thinking about the players and the community. The game gives all the tools to have the best possible experience, with the less ammount of grinding and useless content (fillers) as possible. The game is also constantly updated, always listening to the community for great ideas. You can also use mods if you want even more interesting tools and content.Every game developer and game company should learn from Factorio.Even if you hate these kinds of games, you should buy it just to support these wonderful developers.10/10"
76561198204579719,Recommended,427520,24175309,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,1337h4x0rg,"This game has got to be one of the most creative games out there, I love the atmospheric tone you get when you play it and the feel when you get your first automation going.10/10 for me, I highly recommend it for all of the creative engineers out there :)"
76561198054906071,Recommended,427520,22481225,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Turkeygobblecluck,Fantastic
76561198043734616,Recommended,427520,22479728,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sam,"Build Factories, forget the time, become an engineer."
,Recommended,427520,21839347,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,friendship ♥,10/10Would make useless machines again.
,Recommended,427520,22446354,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,reallymike,Just buy it.
,Recommended,427520,22446391,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Theblackrabb1t,amazingly creative.definitely one of the best plays I have done in the last few years.
,Recommended,427520,22438393,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Supermidget,"I have not had a game capture my mind so completely in a very long time. Dreaming in conveyor belts is real and I love it. The feedback loop of thinking of how to solve a problem, working to solve it and then going back to improve the solution you came up with is so fun and rewarding. The pace of the game is great and the options to make the game your own through mods and in game settings are a huge plus as well. Buy this game."
76561198044637353,Recommended,427520,22438422,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Antioch,This game is everything I was looking for.
,Recommended,427520,22310598,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,VitableYapper8,"When I was about to buy this game I thought the price was WAY too high for a early access game but, this game proved me wrong. This game will make you like base-building games.10/10 I have 17 hours and im not even good at the game yet. Would play more"
,Recommended,427520,22311046,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Azaarious,"This game is adictivly fun! It is like Starcraft meets Minecraft. You play as a single Terran like unit building and trying to survive Zerglike rushes upon your base, while trying to escape the planet."
76561198007338671,Recommended,427520,22313617,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,bigbadgeneral,I didn't think Factorio would be as consuming as it is when I bought it. No regrets. ABSOLUTELY NONE!
,Recommended,427520,22321123,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,steelwarsocc,"1: Start game2: Play tutorial3: Think, meh this is ok.4: start freeplay game5: Play for 7 hrs straight6: Realize, OMG WTH MAN7: Realize your factory is crap8: Start Game"
,Recommended,427520,22326727,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ender,Pure awesomeness.  That's it.
,Recommended,427520,22305052,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Xantaxia,"As there are so many great reviews already written for this, I can only think of one thing to add.This game has stopped me from playing anything else for about a month now and I used to have a social life :)It's that good."
76561198051405711,Recommended,427520,22305464,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,☮AL๖ۣMαRk/̵͇̿̿/AZ✪,I could not stop playing after a few hours... its very addictive.
,Recommended,427520,26252885,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,_MXimus_,"This is by far the best game no one knows about, and if you dont own it, buy it now,  you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,427520,27671812,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stien,"This is one of the best games I've played this year. It's just fascinating to look back at what you actually have put together. I was considering Factorio or civilization for the ""just 5 more minutes award"", but ended up with this game since you forget about time and space when you get immersed and try to figure out your next problem."
,Recommended,427520,27639045,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lysarion,"A game for developers: You can do pretty much anything, however you want... Then you start optimising..."
,Recommended,427520,27639320,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ceuth,Just 5 More Minutes ... truly addicting!
,Recommended,427520,27658620,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Heysteve,Great game. I can't wait to see more improvements and content. 10/10 would play for 5 more minutes
,Recommended,427520,27657360,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,canronicorn,Really good game. Have finished sp campaign twice and halfway through modded game and still verry addictive and fun to play. Every world is different and you face different challenges.I suggest you to buy this if you like that sort of games.
,Recommended,427520,27659698,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Andr3as07,"If you like games about problem solving, crafting or automation this is the game for you.pros:Genious idea of crafting as acoregame mechanicGreat and logical researchThe ability to build thousands of flying robots which do stuff for youcons:Overcomplicated fluid mechanicsFlat goal (just fire the rocket and you win)Kinda boring fighting systemCauses sleepless nightsMy nomination for the “Just 5 More Minutes Award"""
,Recommended,427520,27641753,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Romalllka,Good
76561198009326384,Recommended,427520,27642017,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Nic,This game is great! Constantly updated and Dev's are on point :)
,Recommended,427520,27897630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Segge-itac,Cant stop. Help!
,Recommended,427520,27899796,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Regalwise,"I bought this game a couple of weeks ago after watching my favorite youtubers play it.The game is about mining, transporting, and smelting, and refining stone, coal, iron, copper, and oil to to build conveyor belts, factories, trains, and robots and get them all automated to eventually build a rocket to launch a satelite. While there is a LOT to learn in this game, there are also lots of helps to getting started on the very active forums, the wiki, the Beginner's Guide, and lots of youtube tutorials.I'm playing in peaceful mode, so I don't have to worry about aliens attacking me or my factory while I learn the game. Next time through the game, I will focus more on weapons, armor and defenses.I think the game appeals mostly to people with engineering and production interests, and train enthusiasts. The attraction for me is designing where and how to build the various parts of my factory so they interact with each other in the most efficient way. I have not had a single problem with bugs in the game, and it runs very well on my mid-range computer setup."
,Recommended,427520,27898849,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arctic,"This game is dumb. I got it because it was recommended to me, but I really don't understand why I have to automate everything. Like that one thing over there, it's not automated...I'll just go fix that.There! We're back in production. But yeah, this game really has no point. I just build things and then upgrade the thing I built, and fight off aliens.. Wait, I can build a tank! Oh I should do that.*Builds Tank*OOOOOH, I can make a production line to create tank shells for me! That will make this much easier... I have to get up for work in 4 hours.......I'll go to bed as soon as I finish this new mining area....Oh but then I'll have to build a rail system to move all this copper I'm mining.Now that I can get all this copper back to my base, I should make circuits with it! I should build a production line to do that.Aaaaand I'm late for work. Oh well, at least my factory is fully automated."
,Recommended,427520,27589843,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bungwu,"This game is very good, but also eats time.  You've been warned."
76561197977786553,Recommended,427520,27589875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,darqart,I nominated this game for the 1 more turn award. its just too addicting.
,Recommended,427520,27589935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Your Partner in Science,"Achievement: ""Finish the game in less than 15h""played 15h.build silo.oh I still need 100 rocket parts....WHAT? DID I JUST PLAY 16h NON-STOP???10/10 - would skip lunch and dinner again"
,Recommended,427520,27592467,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NKN1396,Try it if you want to ruin your life ;)
76561198080924194,Recommended,427520,27592528,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duelity,"Literally crack. I have a catagory in my library called ""wait, why is it 5 am?"" because of this game."
,Recommended,427520,27593662,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,franchert,"Educational and fun. I learned a lot about basic supply chain management principles and I didn't even realize I was doing it! The challenge of the game grows the more you play, and I find myself thinking of new layout options to try on successive games.I hear the modding and addons are fantastic as well, but I've not tried them."
,Recommended,427520,27601473,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Silverookie,If only this game counted toward my degree.10/10
76561197973188672,Recommended,427520,27601967,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thundarius,"Great way to loose time.  Once you think you have it figured out, you can see the next level in factory design."
76561197994997622,Recommended,427520,27599308,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mechanical,This is a real time machine to travel to the future. You play it for e.g. 10 minutes and u join the present 3 hours later .... so awesome ^^
76561198050923928,Recommended,427520,27538954,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bee-Ryee,Factorio is one of those games that you can't just have 5 more minutes. You probably will need a few more hoursAny Factorio great game played for 23 hours of the time of this review been ran over by my train 10 times 10/10 would get ran over by demon train again.
,Recommended,427520,22275679,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JuicyP,"Don't ask questions, just buy it."
,Recommended,427520,22276172,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SCE to AUX,I honestly like this game...no...I LOVE it. I just got the game and I can't find any bugs in it. I really like the mod support for the game so that way there is endless fun! If you get this game you will not be disappointed. 😀
,Recommended,427520,28365542,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Macky,A great game if you really wanna feel like you're always making progress
,Recommended,427520,28365761,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Andytb,"If you like sim games, this is them on steroids. Easily the best gaming experience I've had in a few years. Don't hesitate in purchasing if you like what you see in videos!"
,Recommended,427520,28316723,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mmmm orange juice,"this game will cause you to have thetetris effect, only with machinery."
,Recommended,427520,28323617,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,furqon,"I Can't Stop Play this game ,Factorio"
76561198004665953,Recommended,427520,28304083,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,bonesbro,Incredibly fun and satisfying.  I love it oh so much.
76561198161222252,Recommended,427520,28240918,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Egg,"I LOVE THIS GAME! If you enjoy efficiency and management you'll love this! The factories are large scale and satisfying, the combat is perfect for the game, the crafting system is streamline and i  have yet to find a bug in this vast worldsolid 5/5 from me!"
,Recommended,427520,28241009,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,grimofdoom,"This game is just overall addictive. 25 hours went by very fast. The artistry is very beautiful, and works with no lag or problems. Almost any modern computer an run Factorio with ease."
,Recommended,427520,28244873,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,hartdaniel,"Quite frustrating, ang quite fun.I played this game for at least a month straight,  not playing anything else.If you like a challenge this one is for you.Con would be the graphics are 1980'ish. And that is not a reason to stop me from recommending it."
76561197991547477,Recommended,427520,28245002,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,marklepolo,"First game for me to spend over 600 hours. Still finding reason to play with all the mods available, with an amazing mod portal. GO BOBS!"
,Recommended,427520,28296033,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Kola2,You can automate the construction of automatic constructors to supply for your automated constructors of additional automated constructors for automated construction factories.10/10.
,Recommended,427520,28297580,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Carl!,"This game doesn't go on sale so I held off on picking this up for a really long time. ""If you buy one game at full price, buy Factorio"" they said. I didn't believe them.If you buy one game at full price, buy Factorio. Efficiency is key, I've spent a lot of time restarting.If you don't see any enemies- just wait. I didn't see them until I was two hours in to my first game."
,Recommended,427520,28299439,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Noel,FANTASTIC - Especially with the many great mods!
,Recommended,427520,28276516,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Kim,Great game. Rewards think ahead and planning
76561198069127456,Recommended,427520,26006841,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,MALPHITE,"FANTASTIC GAME, really sucks time away into a deep vortex. Im looking forward to the updates having more depth and complexity to it."
76561198098448956,Recommended,427520,28248783,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Censing Eel,"Seriously couldn't stop for the first 11 hours.  A fantastic game in its very beginning, and I cannot wait for more developments. The simple story in it self is incredibly compelling given its minimalist nature.  It even brings something to life something that I think many people who fantasize about space travel have considered.  Essentially, would you be able to recover from a crash landing given the adequate resources and technology?  What could you really do even with minimal supplies, and what ever technology survived the crash? Would the right stuff even survive? What challenges do we face? What if the only oil supply spawned on the opposite side of the map? Truly intriguing and invigorating.Don't be overwhelmed by the detail either; each detail becomes more and more simple as everything compounds together.  If you stick with it this game is very rewarding in its progression."
,Recommended,427520,21667503,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Object,"This is a strategy game that focuses heavily on micromanagement......and that's about the only thing I can nail down about this game...It has so many elements from other titles but it's managed to not only merge all these obscure niche gameplay elements but also improve on a lot of existing elements.  For instance crafting exists similar to other titles like Minecraft but they've eliminated most of the tedious parts of crafting in general, then they add onto it by allowing the player to automate crafting very early on.It also has a combat system, but it's simplified enough to not require shooting skills while trying to focus more on the micro-management style of the game.  Even the micromanagement seems pretty streamlined and intuitive.  One of the biggest issues most factory style management games have is restrictive access on imputting and outputing items from a machine but Factorio has impressed me so far in that respect.Although in my opinion the depth displayed thus far is what's impressed me most.  I remember when the Buildcraft and Industrial Craft mods for Minecraft were new and I followed their development into Tekkit and eventually FTB, those mods made that open world survival game special for me, Factorio fills that same itch that those mods once scratched, but I feel Factorio just seems much more focused though.All in all Factorio is still a niche game and will only appeal to specific gamers, if you like this style of game then you really can't go wrong by picking this title up.  Even in it's current early access form it's still very playable."
,Recommended,427520,21667596,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,<HUTner>,absolutly perfect.
,Recommended,427520,21667642,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Pandak551 | Garmanarnar,"When I saw the video to this game I thought: This might be quite fun. Although I thought 20 euros was a bit much I bought it. Well then I sat down and started playing, and playing, and playing. Next time I looked up 3 hours had past.This game is amazing, you build and build and build, and when you run into problems, you build solutions, these cause the next problems. Its an unending stream and I could not be happier.10/10 best waste of time I have seen in a long time"
,Recommended,427520,21592136,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,NamNio,"I burned down a forest with a flamethrower because it was the most logical thing to do at the time.I could be more efficient with my resources, but I am too damn lazy.Solar power is clean and efficient compared to burning coal, but my coal burning system is already in place.. and I still have plenty of coal.. I guess mother nature can take another one for the team.OK, so to research new things I need to build a factory that produces science packs, then feed the science into laboratories to generate knowledge.. the ♥♥♥♥?10/10"
,Recommended,427520,28448376,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Java,"I've only played the game for about 4 hours, and I'm hooked. There's just always something to do, something to automate that you haven't yet. Almost, if not everything in the game can be automated. Your end goal is to build a rocket and go to space or something like that, and you get the resources by creating a factory of automated resource generation (hence the name). Of course, if you want to be REALLY lame you could just mine for it all... but that kind of defeats the purpose of the game doesn't it? In this game, overproduction doesn't exist. Underconsumption takes its place. Ocassionally, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ aliens will come in and destroy your factory, which can be very frustrating at times. Luckily, the game equips you with a gun from the start, so you COULD go around shooting things if you really want to. Somehow people overlook the tutorial, which can be found by pressing the CAMPAIGN button. It's very esay to understand and once you know the basics, you can hop right in and learn everything as you go along. After playing the game for a while, you zoom out and go ""How the hell did I do this"" as you stare at the complex, automatic beast you have created.Overall, 9.8/10"
76561198150264732,Recommended,427520,28438244,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,thwack19,"Due to my compuer being down at the moment, i'm here, and Factorio still makes me smile. All the praise of this game is well deserved. I'm a fan of the older, sprite and grid based graphics such as the older C&C games, and still getting enjoyment out of Red Alert. This game hits all of my nostalgia marks while still being relatively new and completely fun. I've lost many, many hours of sleep playing this game, even in mid work-week."
,Recommended,427520,28439985,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hobe,"Great game with endless potential playthroughs, be sure to try out different map settings and play with friends!"
76561198136949855,Recommended,427520,28437652,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Alaska LXXXIV,"I have never dropped 19 hours into a game a game so fast. I must make a conscious choice to not play, because when I do, I get sucked into like crazy. I still understand so little, but i'm learning. This game is 15/10 in my opinion. There's enough base content that it gives me a headache just looking at the tech screen. The possibilities are  endless. Does the game appear repetitive? Yeah, but there is an end goal, the rocket at the end of the line. The one thing that doesn't help make more things. The day I can do that, will be the day that i'll probably keep playing because the game is awesome."
,Recommended,427520,30977474,Posted: 6 April,all,Ryunigia❃,"I really liked the first playthrough, practically couldn't stop playing it :obut after the first playthrough i haven't been able to get back into it. After a few hours in a second playthrough it's kinda meh.Still worth it though."
76561197961385847,Recommended,427520,28491463,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PandaBear,"This is a must have for all you who love base building and crafting.The art style is fantastic, the machinery you can build is amazing!Just fine tweaking the output of a circuit board line is fun as hell."
,Recommended,427520,26976676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheHolyBowlingEmpire,"A great and very challenging game. Especially satisfying when you get the hang on most of the mechanics. The feeling you get when you finally automatize every process of your game is comparable to finally getting out that huuuuge deuce out of your body after hours of painful hard work. Just, feels, so good."
,Recommended,427520,26995340,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cesslecom,Spent many a nights on this game and need to do so some more :)
,Recommended,427520,26996350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wicket27,"Really awesome game, always expanding and has loads of mods for difefrent options. I would highly recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,427520,26996778,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheToonDude,"Factorio, a game about Conveyor Belts, wrapping it around, forgetting what you we're doing, shooting aliens, polluting the air, murdering the middle class, lower class, higher class, all the classes, classes of fish, fish on conveyor belts, iron plates automation, guns, automation, death, death, and more death. And that was even BEFORE it was cool."
,Recommended,427520,26993466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wasp,Do not pick this up if you have a deadline of any sort looming in the future.Youll spend your time on this instead.
,Recommended,427520,26994887,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[OHG] StrikeForceZero,"This game is $20, not $19.99. It will never go on sale, nor should it ever go on sale. This game is amazing. This game will make you forget what time it was. This game will have you building a different base each playthrough. This game is pretty crazy and fun with friends.Get."
,Recommended,427520,26988821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Zoidberg (Jamn),"This game is fantasticly complex, simple, and straightforward. Hours of fun, if you like planning stuff out, killing mother nature, and just derping around this is the game for you!"
76561198051268675,Recommended,427520,26990160,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kopy-iwnl-,"And the ""Play a game without realising the time award"" goes to..."
,Recommended,427520,26990362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chimp,Best logistics/factory game ever
,Recommended,427520,21575620,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,El Caballero Loco,Factorio has made me re-evalutate how I perform every action in my life.
,Recommended,427520,21575659,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,PrestonGaming,"Looks satisfying is satisfying so all I need to say is 4 words from this point: Buy, play and ENJOY!But on a serious note: This game is great for anyone looking for a managment game or even thinking on the best way you can manage your factories or factory you have constructed. Great style and if your still not sure buy it and play it and then tell me if it was a wise descision 0.0."
76561198065267929,Recommended,427520,21558651,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Daddy DeVito,This game is so damn good and can only get better. If you want a fresh take on the craft and survive genre you need this game.
,Recommended,427520,21580663,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Rappelle,"Was scared to open the game, thinking I was going to be terrible and I wouldn't stop.Wasn't terrible, because the learning curve is nice, but couldn't stop for a couple of hours!"
,Recommended,427520,21580854,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,[HAFNHUR]NoXx,Best Game ever made spent nearly 40 hours in two days ... never had this before
,Recommended,427520,21619345,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tyrun,This game is amazing. Addicting gameplay - bought it less then a week ago and already have over 30 hours in. I haven't been this addicted to a game in a very long time.Very fun game - would highly recommend to anyone that likes building and automating things!
,Recommended,427520,21815288,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dobbie,"This is an amazing game, well worth the money. ITS SO GOOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD I RATE IT 111/10"
76561197979020191,Recommended,427520,21818366,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,docfreak11,addicting. But definitely needs further development.
,Recommended,427520,21818460,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,RIPmore,Just bought this game a week ago and already lost few days of my life  from it and will probably continue losing more days because its an amazing game. Don't be fooled by this games early access status because this game is practically fully polished and the mods that the community release for it doubles the already vast amount of content in game. If you like crafting base building material mining vehicles energy planning and having a lot of fun I recommend you this game.
76561198007986355,Recommended,427520,21818593,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mummbles,reminds me of the Youtube video of the most relaxing video in the world.  Its all various machines doing what they do and it is very satisfying.
,Recommended,427520,21830538,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,lucidmatic,Endless building of stuff.Will be doing again.
,Recommended,427520,21831131,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Misskwy,"It has been 12 days since I bought the game... I have 132 hours played. When I close my eyes, I see conveyors everywhere and inserters gracefully shifting things around. Addictive isn't strong enough of a word to describe this game. I was wise though, I bought the game to two friends and accidentally corrupted five other people of our gaming community. It is a very practical thing to be able to load what was a single player game in multiplayer so friends can join in the maze of belts and wires and assemblers that you have spawned in what was once a peaceful place.....872/10 would definitely hallucinate conveyor belts again."
76561197974170054,Recommended,427520,28677941,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,greenpony,Highly addictive and fun to play.
,Recommended,427520,28672960,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,flakibr,"Many cool games are really addictive. But most of these games tend to get just a bit boring after a lot of time played. Not bad but you just.. have to take a break once in a while. Not this one. There is no possible boredom. There is just no moment when you feel like you finished the game. You can build the most awesome factory but there will always be something you can improve. And while you’re on it the smelting area could also need an improvement. Oh and why not build a new oil field.And once you feel like you have really figured out the vanilla game there are tons of mods that extend the content of the game by a huge(!) amount.And the defs are really dedicated to this game. They are working really hard to improve the game even more like adding liquid wagons or improving blueprints. Every Friday they give an update on their website what they are working on.If there is one thing to criticize it’s the tutorial. There is one and it even covers a good amount of things, but because this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing huge a lot of the things aren’t covered. But there are a tons of resources on the internet for beginners. I think the best way to learn is watching other experienced players and see how they play the game. I especially enjoyed KatherineOfSky’s ‘The Belt Diva’ series.TL;DR Buy this game, you won’t be disappointed!11/10"
,Recommended,427520,28652762,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sankto,"Factorio might very well be in the top 3 of the best games i've ever played.One thing that struck me hard was the game optimization. 5,000 bots flitting about on the screen? No problem, 60 fps/ups (update per second). A huge, sprawling base that litterally take a shuttle train to go across? No problem, 60 fps/ups. It is mindblowing.The multiplayer is also top-notch, although griefing is sadly easy to do on public servers. I'd recommend privately playing with a few friends if you wish to make a long-lasting base.I would also recommend trying out mods, once you are familiar with the initial game. Some (bob's mod, angel's mod) can transform the game into something even more mindblowing. Yes, that's possible.The devs are also very active, talking about recent development every friday."
,Recommended,427520,28640170,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,philbenoitnz,If you like city building games this is a must have addition to your library!
76561198212461273,Recommended,427520,28651782,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mrmagolor,I think this game is decent.
,Recommended,427520,28652129,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PoliceBoxHero,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,427520,28657216,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mcriket002,"So complex, fun, and satisfying when your assemblers and inserters finally work the way you want.  And then you start over because it could be just *that* more effecient..I definitely will be putting more hours into this game (@reviewtime:36h).This game is still in alpha?!"
76561198036479424,Recommended,427520,28650254,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,blueblue,"Factorio is the best game I have played in 2016. It is also one of the best games I have ever played. Probably the best, once they reach release.The release is anticipated for some time before summer 17 if I recall correctly but even in early access it is better than most full games and it is fully playable. The developers have stated that it won't ever go on sale, but for me it is worth more than the 20 bucks I payed for it. There is a free demo, so try that before you buy the game. If you enjoyed any puzzle game in your life, the demo will leave you wanting for more.Factorio is an experience unlike any other game I have played. You start out building a factory to produce all the things you might ever need. But the longer you play, the more your factory becomes similar to a living organism. Your factory will need to be fed resources, protected from aliens and you will always want to improve it. There is always some item to be automated, some outpost to be built, some thing to be done. The setups that you come up with at first will mostly work, so it is easy to get into, but you only learn how to make things efficient and what needs to be efficient after playing for a while.A major selling point for me is that the game is moddable, so that even after you finish the base game there is a lot more content if you feel like it. It also makes for a more involved community.Multiplayer is working very well after version 0.14, there have been stable games with more than 100 players on a server. Cooperatively building a factory way more fun than I expected, I encourage everyone to try it.Graphics are obviously not the main point of the game, but they are good enough right now and they will go to outright gorgeous in the next version (though that may still be a couple months away).The developers have great communication with the community, they regularly show off some things that they have actually developed and that will be in the next version, or at least part of their thought process.My only 'grief' is that it eats a lot of your time, ""just five more minutes"" quickly becomes two hours with this game. It's called Cracktorio for a reason. Enjoy!"
76561198071483699,Recommended,427520,28655264,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Skynety27,FUN SUPER FUN
76561198145152740,Recommended,427520,28655918,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Firemonster125,"surprised this wasn't 40-60$ from all the content this game provided.This game is addiction, but a good type.Also, its exciting to see how this is just early access and it will evolve even more than it is now."
,Recommended,427520,22786305,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dodgeboy5 🦃,The game enables you to do almost whatever and whenever you wish. Factorio also is sci-fi so take that into count.
76561198031128106,Recommended,427520,28428189,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Uajsoki,"Fresh idea, great execution, excellent playability. I paid money I could buy discounted Fallout 4, but I chose Factorio and I am not disappointed. Fun is enormous. After many nights I am still playing and what is very important for me - starting from the begining is not PITA as game is not repetitive, you will always improve your own designs. Top down view reminds classic RTS and RPG games. Building trains is like another game within a game (based on famous OpenTTD).Game has low system requirements (works fine on average business laptop PC)."
76561198035721250,Recommended,427520,28555404,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kretxeu,Awesome game! Well worth the money
76561198007829164,Recommended,427520,30980034,Posted: 6 April,all,sharnerean321,"This game is horrible, just horrible.....if you want a social life.  I cant stop playing it, even with new AAA games out, i still play Factorio over them... Very addicting, and once you play the original game, the mods that have been created add countless more hours to play. Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,427520,28598712,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tolham,"This is truest city-builder style game I have ever played, and it is now the benchmark against which I judge all other city-builder style games. In the relatively recent past, I played Banished for 16 hours and quit, and then played Cities:Skylines for 25 hours and quit. The reason I quit playing both games is because I had cracked the strategy to building a successful city and I felt like I was just going through the motions. Purusing online, I would see other people posting pictures of their respective cities with captions like ""look how beautiful this is"". I now fully realize what is missing from those games that Factorio has: increasing complexity. Banished and C:S have a baseline level of city-building, and when you reach that level, the game plateaus and it becomes about playing with window dressing. I don't care about window dressing, I want to build cities and face greater challenges as I go. Factorio does that. Factorio does not waste it's breath on superficial crap, the longer you play the game, the more complex it gets. The only other game I played that comes close to Factorio is Prison Architect (but that game has some limitations that become problematic once your prison reaches a certain size, and the devs have officially ceased development).I have now played through one complete, non-story game. The goal is simple: build a rocket silo and launch a rocket. But getting to that point is far from simple. The game, more or less, has 4 phases - one for each type of research. In order to research technologies, you need a science pack. A given technology requires X number of science packs to be consumed by a laboratory, and crafting a science pack requires certain ingredients (which have to be crafted). There are 4 different science packs, and each one is exponentially more complicated to craft, which is where the 4 phases come from. By the time you build a base that crafts all 4 science packs, it will be a huge monstrosity of factories cramped together, convery belts running everywhere, and flying robots going all over the place. You will constantly be tracking down bottle-necks and tweaking everything. As you research new technologies and your needs change, you'll end up tearing down and rebuilding whole sections of your base.This game is terribly addictive, increasingly complex, and doesn't waste time on aesthetics. I've put in 78 hours, and I still haven't learned everything. I'm both excited and daunted at the thought of starting a new game from scratch and doing it all over again. The game is early access, but in my opinion, it's ready to be officially released as-is (at least the single-player is, I haven't tried the multiplayer)."
,Recommended,427520,28594444,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SS Nomad,"This game is a drug.  A drug I say.Either that or a communicable disease.  I know that after I discovered it I told all my friends and got them obsessed as well.I don't even understand how and why this is so fun.  It's like a logistics simulator with angry shrimp trying to murder you, but it's just so... gratifying.Play out your power fantasy of making a Forge World and automate everything!"
76561198002802610,Recommended,427520,28594498,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RetardoFdoom,"This game provides lasting and refreshing brain-fuel. In the beginning of the game you keep your mind occupied by figuring out how inserters, transport belts and steam engines work. After a couple of hours you feel like you know it all and you feel great about your brand new solar panels. But then you realise there are bigger, better, more efficient ways of building your factory, so you start over.The premiss of this game can be compared to minecraft, except you dont craft stuff. Instead you make factories craft stuff for you. The most efficient ways to build your factory will vary after what you want to your factory to be; small, big, with tons of trains or maybe powered by the clean energy of the sun.You will also have to adapt the design of your factory to the randomly generated map. The randomness of the map, and your intentions make every playtrough different in one way or another. This makes of a challenge when you have to solve how to design your base, wheter a lack of oil makes you have to figgure out creative methods to get more, or an abundance of iron in the early game grants you the opportunity to craft alot of anything you could want, your entire base will evolve as a result of all the randomness.Im at my 9th playtrough at 166 hours, and i still keep finding different designs for ever item in my factory."
76561198216721379,Recommended,427520,22275343,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Maja153,"A turly great game, totally worth the price. With the in-game mod portal there seems to be no end. There is just one thing i'd like to see in 0.16: a longer campaign. The first levels should be tutorial-based levels, so a starter learns how to play, and after that, just missions. The reason i'm on a pause from playing this game, is because after sending a satellite to space in vanilla and modded, there is not too much of anything to do. Even the mods don't change this, as they can only affect the sandbox part of the game. As you can see, i've put 915 hours into this game. In that time, you can get bored, as the achievements only slow that. So, developers, please, add a longer campaign.It can wait some time, but i'd like to see it as soon as possible. A time well spent so far."
,Recommended,427520,28006346,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,«✪Fryz✪»,This is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game i've ever played I only have 11 hours in but I bought the game today sooooo... ITS PRETTY F***ing amazing !
,Recommended,427520,28006434,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AstronautG117,One of the best games for Engineers. Especially if they love trains
76561198020508546,Recommended,427520,28606645,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,dickeybowtie,"I love this game, I have sunk well over 200 hours into it (I spent 18 days in hospital so needed something to do!). If you like building bases, gathering resources and defending against swarms of aliens then this could be the game for you. A very active modding community and Devs who try their best to include what the community is asking for. Being able to work on a base with friends is also an option with this game."
76561198056707124,Recommended,427520,28659456,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,faraway9912,Amazing game with 200+ hours of playtime.Demo is also amazing and probably the #1 predictor of whether you will like it or not.
,Recommended,427520,28649267,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vitious,The best game for engineer ! :D Brilliant :D
,Recommended,427520,28649343,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tf2sfmbro,"Super addictive and alot of fun GET IT TO LOSE THE REST OF OUR LIFE example ""i'll play for half an hour"" (half an hour later) oh look something to do, i'll ,do that and then get off (3 hours of this process repeated) oh crap how long was i playing?"
,Recommended,427520,28637939,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ace_of_Knaves,"Infinite replayability. Gamplay is FeedTheBeast minus the minecraft part. After grapsing the basics you won't be able to stop playing... Is it 5am already? i shoud go sleep but not too much, I need to streamline science production and we only have another 26 hours until Monday."
,Recommended,427520,27096997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neusor,"I killed all the alien life, poluted the planet to it's death just to put a satelite in space 10/10"
76561198098597908,Recommended,427520,28538573,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Himmune,highly reccomended
,Recommended,427520,28518686,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Georgethesheep,I like this game. It is a very different and new type of game. Being able to explore and have to build machines in order to do so is very fun. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes being rewarded by building things and like to make anything you want.
,Recommended,427520,27229226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CloudSerpent,I thought I was going to play this game for an hour or so.All I do now is dream about what to do in the next day.
,Recommended,427520,28456174,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Saltefanden,Bought the game.. and all of a sudden it was 24 hours later... 10/10
,Recommended,427520,28452706,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Strauman,"Great game, and I love where this is going. Fair warning that it is extremely addicting, and so much more than what I expected!"
76561198283241757,Recommended,427520,28452922,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,lancelothk,Very addictive! spend hours on it.
,Recommended,427520,28539025,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,darlliu,"I feel a compulsory need to continue playing this game. The automation is simply mesmerizing.That said this game has one big issue with the UI. You can't see clearly your logistics network conditions when you have a lot of things in it, without disabling the minimap. If they can just fix that simple issue I think the game is good enough for release as it is. No doubt I will play this again with new content updates.In a perfect world the game could use some higher res textures and maybe another high contrast viewing mode with things more zoomed out. It's probably too much to ask though."
,Recommended,427520,28541467,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,aaaaaaa,"I am in love with this game. It's so fun to explore, trying new things and learning ways to improve. The aesthetic it's also beautiful. The game goes together with all other creative stuff that shaped my taste: legos, tycoon games, programming and engineering.  Couldn't recommend it more. 10/10. Thanks Kovarex and all the team."
,Recommended,427520,30206247,Posted: 26 February,all,EkstEasy,Most addicitve game I've played in a while. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,427520,30223106,Posted: 27 February,all,AI,"Amazing Game, much dev suport."
,Recommended,427520,27943372,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Raymond Chim,This game ruins lifes. Lifes wich players might have and lifes of poor insectoid scum.
,Recommended,427520,26679643,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Roan,"I actually had to STOP playing this game because it will literally consume your mind entirely.  Finding myself awake at 4AM when I have to get up for work at 7AM playing to accomplish just ONE. MORE. THING, only to fall asleep and DREAM about doing it literally broke my brain.And I cannot recommend it highly enough.If you are an engineer, tweaker, hacker type, this game is for you.  Just be prepared to forgoe anything else in your life for a while."
76561198165831345,Recommended,427520,30227111,Posted: 27 February,all,pfcwetzler91,"Best Game i have played in some time. I did download it for free and after i realized i had 70+ hrs in the game i had to buy it. Playing around with mods is super easy and fun because its built into the game! which is new, easy and awesome! i have 80hr on one game and 40+ Online. ++to the devs they are doing a great job and i havnt encountered any bugs that i cant kill."
76561198251984106,Recommended,427520,30224121,Posted: 27 February,all,Pugawizarchan,"I have to say that Factorio is a great game, the creators of this game really put a lot of time and effort into this game and it definitely shows with the games music and gameplay.I do enjoy this game a lot due to its simple and yet sometimes complex mechanics, such as building the conveyors needed or building the rocket ship. If you have some money on your steam profile then i do recommend you buy this amazing game as although the price is £15.00 it is worth the money.i rate this game 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,30224182,Posted: 27 February,all,Dòlggan,"Today, just 6 days after I bought the game, and 57 hours of gameplay later, I must say that this is for sure one of the most incredible games I've played in almost 30 years playing video games.Factorio is so good that it becomes too dangerous.Simply because it is very addictive.The first night I got involved with the game, I forgot to eat, forgot to go to the bathroom, forgot to take a shower, and even forgot to sleep. My wife almost ended our marriage because of Factorio.But even so, I actually experienced a sense of victory and accomplishment when I launched my first rocket as I had felt a few times before (including defeating the worst bosses of the Souls Series).It was a wonderful experience playing this gem!And even knowing that Factorio is in Early Access, it already has a much larger content than a lot of game sold as ready, not to mention that it still has immense potential.Now I'm going to take some time and get back to real life..."
,Recommended,427520,30224900,Posted: 27 February,all,UnofficialName,"Torrented it. Played it. Loved it. Bought it.""Early Access?""This game is a work of Art. They could end development right now and I would be happy."
76561198068798625,Recommended,427520,30235709,Posted: 27 February,all,Snowe,"I'm not sure who I am right now.  I think I am a space engineer and I need to build a factory to escape this planet but I'm not sure, everything is a little blurry right now."
76561198022222711,Recommended,427520,30236975,Posted: 28 February,all,Shiro,I absolutely love this game!DEATH TO THE NATIVES!! THE ALIENS ARE HERE FOR BLOOOOODDD!!!!!!
76561198184811371,Recommended,427520,30951021,Posted: 4 April,all,Commander Ray 195,One of the best and the most addicting games i have ever played. Definitely worth your money.
76561198063594113,Recommended,427520,31123544,Posted: 13 April,all,SudoScience,"If you like tweaking at the microscopic level and trying to squeeze out that little extra bit of performance, this game is for you. You can figure out optimal designs for producing a given amount of each resource as fast as possible and using as little space/materials as you can.If you like large scale planning and architecting, this game is also for you. From the map view, that shows each section of your factory and how they all fit together geographically, to the production statistics that let you monitor graphs of your production/consumption of each resource and product, this game gives you the tools necessary to make sure your overall factory design does what you need.This game has perfected automation. There are so many layers and aspects to it, but it all amounts to building machines that help you build more machines. The rate at which you are able to rework, expand, and optimize increases seemingly exponentially. Once you have perfected your assembly layout for a given resource, blueprint it and then have your construction robots automatically construct additional facilities to increase your production. Factorio demands thoughtful design at both the small and large scales."
,Recommended,427520,26930336,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Itsbearns,The very definition of '5 more minutes then ill go to bed' and end up staying up til first light kinda game
,Recommended,427520,31163070,Posted: 15 April,all,Wattsbo,"Short summary- This game is a lot of fun. If you like city management games, Terraria, or survival games, this is one of the best examples of those types of game I can think of. Its development is an ongoing process, but it is very polished. It's not the prettiest game, but it's one of the most enjoyable I've found recently._______You play from a top-down perspective similar to Starcraft, and control your character with the WASD keys. You run about harvesting resources in a manner similar to Terraria in the first few minutes of the game. As soon as possible, you begin automating your resource harvesting and crafting processes.The real ""hook"" of this game is optimizing your factories to run as efficiently as possible. That might sound really boring, but it's actually very entertaining. Soon you'll find yourself puzzling over your factories trying to plot out the paths of your conveyor belts to most efficiently carry your resources and products to their destinations.The more pollution your factories create, the angrier it will make the natives. The natives of this world are a race of bugs, who will grow in size, numbers, and ferocity as the game progresses. To defend yourself and your factories you will craft weapons, turrets, tanks, vehicles, etc.All of these gameplay elements combine to make one of the most unique and interesting games I've played in months.In short, buy this game.10/10."
76561197975957548,Recommended,427520,31164385,Posted: 15 April,all,tanail,perfectly appeals to my need to micromanage everyting ! ;)Great game !!
76561198219729197,Recommended,427520,31164182,Posted: 15 April,all,Exhillious,"Epic, as, hell"
76561198015197386,Recommended,427520,22891756,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Shenanigans,"You're some poor guy that crash landed on a planet, and now you need to gather enough supplies to build a rocket. Sure, that makes sense. Rather straightforward. Well let me tell ya, it takes a lot more than one guy to make a rocket.The game should be called Logisticio, because this is a game about large scale logistics. That is, how to move a lot of crap from A to Z, hitting most of the letters in between. They say it's about factories, which is mostly true, but manufacturing things is easy. Just plop down a table and slap the parts together, like making a sandwich. It's getting the ingredients to the table that's a challenge.I just spent my afternoon building an automated railway to gather and process crude oil. I then proceeded to run myself over with the train while battling the natives in a running gunfight, so I don't think that was a factory-related death.Anyway, who makes a game about logistics, and why is it so much fun? Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,427520,29106987,Posted: 7 January,all,Aqua Bunny,"""5 more minutes"" I tell myself, annnnddd its 3 am.This game is the most addicting and time sucking game I own, beating even the long reingning champion, civ.  Worth the $20 for sure, and the game isnt even technically finished yet."
,Recommended,427520,31158615,Posted: 15 April,all,hi,Great Game.
,Recommended,427520,31158099,Posted: 15 April,all,BlueNec,Dont expect to play less then 9 years at a time.
,Recommended,427520,32692661,Posted: 23 June,all,Drizak! [╞],No sleep simulator.also: best game ever
,Recommended,427520,32692771,Posted: 23 June,all,Therian,"remember when you first started to play minecraft? how cool that was? Then remember how bored you were when you realized you had to mine everything yourself and there was no real end game? factorio is a fully automated minecraft with an end game! build a factory, use the factory to build a space ship, use the space ship to leave the planet your deserted on, game over! its a truely beautiful little combination that will keep you playing for a long time."
,Recommended,427520,31530100,Posted: 3 May,all,TheGamingBoss,if you like bulding big huge factories this game is for you.
,Recommended,427520,32648287,Posted: 22 June,all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,This game is heroin for pc. really addicting and if you enjoy management/survival type games youll likely love this game. like most survival games its about mining and collecting resources but this game allows you to automate these tasks and how efficeient it is depends on how much thought you want to put in; but its not a game that is overly difficult and is easy to pick up but still has enough challenges to keep you busy. normally im not a huge fan of 16 bit syle games but for this game i can certainly make an exceptoion as it is exactly what the genre needed to keep it from being another minecraft style resourece grind
76561198088937635,Recommended,427520,32670769,Posted: 23 June,all,Aber,"Factorio is a soul sucking game which robbed me of many meals in the past few days since purchasing it. I have missed lunches, dinners and even slept at 4am, despite having to work early the next day, all in all, a really addictive game with just the right amount of complexity.The only downside I can think of is the lack of guidiance for the actual game. Had to look up how to use a lot of the items such as the logistics network on youtube guides. would definitely be a good game once they gave a little more game play guides in my opinion. but overall, a game worth playing, for anyone who loves building up the ultimate automated factory, and even for anyone who just wants to blast a few aliens"
76561198178660569,Recommended,427520,32688728,Posted: 23 June,all,Good Ol' Bert,Amazing Game!
76561198007032272,Recommended,427520,32690516,Posted: 23 June,all,Kingdark,"I didn't even realize I never even wrote a review for this game. I first saw this game in august '16. (give or take) I fell in love with it right away, but I was burned by a few other games where I bought on impulse so I gave it a few days and I followed several let's plays for a litlte while. I then bought it in september and I never regretted it ever since.Right now, the game is playable. VERY playable in fact. As far as I know (but don't quote me on this) most major features are already in the game but updates are still regular. I estimate at least one update every two weeks or so on average. There are a huge amount of mods out there that make the game even more complicated.Right now, if you play vanilla factorio, the game is pretty straight forward. You  mine copper ore, smelt it and get copper plates in return. You can then transform those copper plates into copper wire which is used in other recipe's.The goal is to automate everything and it gives you a very satisfying feeling when everything runs smoothly. If you then have to expand and you manage to get everything right it feels even better.It's regretful that the steam review system is so basic and only gives you a 'yes' or 'no' to choose from. In THIS case it would most definetly be YES without a doubt.Be warned though, the game takes some getting used to.  A speedrun to the end game is a few minutes less than two hours and that is when you know the EXACT ratios out of the top of your head.Don't impulse buy this and watch a few let's plays or tutorials first. Make sure you know what you are getting yourself into.There is also a free demo you can try where you can get a taste of the game if you are interested. For me personally though? I never regretted buying this for even a single second. It is worth every bit of money they are asking for it.As for bugs...I haven't actually run into any bugs in vanilla factorio, but I do run a heavily modded game so when I never ran into bugs in vanilla factorio, I mean it. I have had plenty of crashes with my heavily modded factorio though. But then, that's to be expected if mods conflict with each other.Kingdark"
,Recommended,427520,29680758,Posted: 3 February,all,Maish,"Between the science changes, nuclear power, and endless research, 0.15 made Factorio one step closer to perfection."
76561198114330596,Recommended,427520,32695709,Posted: 23 June,all,whisper1618,"If you like resource management, survival, base building, or anything that makes you think, buy this game. It is absolutley worth your money, I would even say its worth more than the price."
76561198115788103,Recommended,427520,32699657,Posted: 23 June,all,Yeaya,Real ♥♥♥♥in good just get it pls
,Recommended,427520,32820100,Posted: 26 June,all,Armard,Amazing gameGreat sandbox mechanicsGame is yet undone but still on a great way
,Recommended,427520,32830380,Posted: 26 June,all,POLYBIUS,Holy ♥♥♥♥ this is a fun game.
,Recommended,427520,32793966,Posted: 25 June,all,the north remembers,"Have you ever played tetris and saw the blocks falling when you close your eyes at the end of the night? This game's like that, but much worse. 11/10 can't sleep because i'm seeing belts and assembly machines running in my mind. I haven't slept in 12 days. Send help."
,Recommended,427520,32827968,Posted: 26 June,all,Kuma,its a gud game
,Recommended,427520,32828004,Posted: 26 June,all,✪ Never cs.money And you know!,"Perfect time killer with friends. Brings out the puzzler in your head as you try to figure out how to get an ore all the way to the other side of the base, while dodging all the existing conveyerbelts. The modding comunity tops the cake, adding thousands more hours of fun because of the additions."
76561198123459739,Recommended,427520,32748830,Posted: 24 June,all,jeraski,"this game is for the players that enjoy making automation in games like minecraft and terraria.  tons of depth, and really takes alot of planning and creativity.  A++"
,Recommended,427520,32767064,Posted: 25 June,all,terrorkenguru .,Fantastic game with lots of challenges and opportunities!It is extremely addictive and fun!
76561198056532852,Recommended,427520,25704716,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Cloud,"I've devoted my life to this game.  I've lost my wife, my children. my dog, my house, my car, my girlfriend......., my manhood, my dignity, and my self respect.  I love this game!!!  I spend hours at a time playing this game and I learn something new about it every time I play.  YOU CAN TOO!!!!  o_0"
76561197988189939,Recommended,427520,32789912,Posted: 25 June,all,CoReXS,"This game seems a bit complicated at first with the tool tip basically dumping everything at you at once... but the campaigns give a very gentle learning curve and makes the complexity easily manageable. Fortunate, too, since the complexity leads to fantastic gameplay much further in. This title continues to draw me in. Fantastic job!"
,Recommended,427520,32791866,Posted: 25 June,all,Gamesta,I am going to write a review from the standpoint of a noob as I write this I have about 25 hours in this game and I bought it 3 days ago this game is amazing I personally love micromanagement games and this one is by far the best I have only had one issue my freind has had this game awhile now and we wanted to play together but i'm getting errors everytime I try to join him and he gets errors when joining me and we joined our other freind and also had issues but I will figure it out and anyways singleplayer is amazing enough (but I suck with the combat in this game)
,Recommended,427520,21562381,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,THAT'S ALOT OF DAMAGE,Buy game for £15Mine ore to build♥♥♥♥♥♥to mine for youUse new ore to make more♥♥♥♥♥♥Repeat until you dont have to do anything anymoreConveyer/10
76561198053499849,Recommended,427520,21455147,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,WretchedLout,Such a great game.
76561197965922649,Recommended,427520,21570441,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,OldNGamer,"I must say, I have played alot of games in my life, I love building games, Sim city, command and conquer, terraria, minecraft, everything I love it. but this game cames out of nowhere and just blows it all out of the sky,I told my friend to buy and try with me and together we have built a really really bad factory, its functional but nowhere near as beautiful as all the pictures of other players factories, but that does not matter,All the hard work to make an automatic production line and to survive against the aliens and laughing together as we almost die and so on so forth,I am not good at writing reviews since I am not really accustomed to it, but thank you game developers for bringing such an awesome game! And really thank you for releasing it on steam! :D to all you wondering if this is for you, I hope it really is."
76561198074032367,Recommended,427520,21526469,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr.Noob,"Неожиданно очень увлекательная игра. Через 1 минуту перестаешь обращать внимание на графику и начинаешь создавать свое производство, постоянно решая те или иные проблеммы, возникающие на пути. Как избежать больших затрат энергии? Как сделать так, что-бы не приходилось бегать на другой конец карты, что-бы закинуть в плавильню очередную порцию угля? Как построить конвееры так, что-бы все ресурсы собирались в одном месте и не мешали друг-другу? Ну и так далее. И это совенршенно потрясающе! И еще...я на эту игру наткнулся в steam соверешнно случавйно и раньше вообще о ней не слышал. Были сомнения, покупать или нет, но они вскоре равзвеялись. Покупать однозначно, если вам нравиться создавать и творить, обводя с горостью взглядом дело рук своих. 10/10 и однозначная рекомендация к покупке!"
,Recommended,427520,21532297,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,TweAk,"So i read other reviews a bit to get an idea of the game and whether to buy it or not. In the end it was an awesome decision. its very simple until you play more then five minute, then it gets fun, Its a factory/building sim with science research to progress. Get a bit of a CS and KSP feel :)"
,Recommended,427520,21532415,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Orion,Super fun. Highly recommended if you like building things and improving on processes.
,Recommended,427520,21532466,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mali,"do not buy this game, i bought it before on their website. It will consume your life and suck your whole day out until you look at the clock and its 4am out, it is worse than cookie clicker, it is worse than Civ 5.why?• it opens incredebly quick and there are hardly load times  the second time you open the client (even on my mac book)•theres always something to improve on or make more efficient in your process and theres never not a problem you have to fix before quiting•campeign which teaches you the mechanics has a bunch of level to finish.... AND EACH LEVEL WILL TAKE YOU 9 HOURS TO COMPLETE• still have not started the open world mode as the campeign is still introducing me to things10/10 will pollute the planet 100x over"
76561197996988949,Recommended,427520,21532529,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,zerobandwidth,Wow... Hey SIM CITY take some freaking notes here.This game is awesome and for only being 0.12.* most alpha games don't even come close to this. Hell this game should be already on the final release.I can't wait to see all the new items that come into game play.Buy it... play it... go to AA meetings and discuss how addicted you are. They might not understand but you will.
76561198076397923,Recommended,427520,21531518,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Trapperrer,สำหรับคนไทยที่มีหัวการสร้างนะครับ เกมนี้ใช่เลย ถึงภาพจะระดับบิ๊กเซลล์ แต่เล่นเพลินมาก ใช้สมองด้วยครับ ถ้ารักการคราฟ การวางแผนแนะนำเกมนี้เลยครับ
76561197966489202,Recommended,427520,21531803,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,5hoe,"This game is a masterpiece! If you're on the fence, try the free demo.  Worth every penny and thensome."
76561198098105814,Recommended,427520,21535632,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MoonAppleSeed,Though still in Early Access it is a really enjoyable fun game. Frustrating at times when you find you didn't plan you factory properly and have to re-arrange stuff but the satisfaction of starting from scratch and building this huge complicated machine is really fun.Looking forward to seeing it to continue to develop.  great game 10/10
76561198068142741,Recommended,427520,21536027,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,shanerwhite,Good game with potential to be a GREAT game.
76561197968680597,Recommended,427520,21534927,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,AtheistPrime,Overwhelmingly Overwhelming.... Pausing and going for a long walk with my dog. Only to clear my head and re-evaluate my design. This game is exhausting in the best of ways.9/10  Reserving last point for the future. No doubt you will earn it.
,Recommended,427520,21535033,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RogueKiller,This is one of the best games on steam right now and even better with friends
,Recommended,427520,21535451,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nuggets5327,The best Early Access game out there! Thumbs up for this amazing game!!! :D
,Recommended,427520,21574052,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Gryphacus,"Like crack for engineers.Factorio is one of the most full-featured and well thought out logistics game I've ever played. It's only in alpha. I can't wait to see how it could possibly get better.At first it feels like you're playing any other crafting-driven resource gathering game. As soon as you place your first conveyor belt, you understand the power of the game, how different it is than anything else. Industrial engineering and logistics have never been so easy.There is one major problem with this game. I can't stop. Send help."
,Recommended,427520,21574080,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Rogerio Castro,Get addicted. It's like crack!
,Recommended,427520,21574176,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bananatee,"Great game. Please add steam integrated multiplayer, an undreground layer and bridges."
,Recommended,427520,21574178,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,onwee,This game is worth every cent.
,Recommended,427520,21574184,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Saluki,"This game really scratches an itch. It has something in common with the puzzle games from Zachtronics, especially Infinifactory and SpaceChem, but it also includes a DF2/Minecrafty survival/crafting aspect, and it's all combined together so elegantly and beautifully. Making machines to survive is something youcando in a lot of games (like Minecraft), but Factorio's turns these side projects into the core gameplay mechanic. It's really an amazing simulation that is also naturally fun and rewarding to play.* Totally stable, no crashes or weird behavior so far, on two very different computers. Amazing for an early access game. As it bonus, it works great on a crappy cheapo laptop as well as a real computer.* Graphics are not the prettiest, but they are well-themed and clear.* Brilliant, creative ideas in the various supply chains of ores and liquids. The tech tree just screams to be unlocked, and everything you research gives you something new and fun and useful to do, from laying down track to pimping a shotgun out.* The fact that you have to build a supply chain to efficiently and automatically research new techs strikes me as an amazing idea. It's sort of a self-gated tutorial -- learning as a player how to research gives you the player skills you need to exploit what you research. Truly elegant.* The content level for an early-access game is incredible. Trains and robots and all kinds of cool and amazing stuff!I just can't gush enough about this gem. If you have any interest in the concept it's a no-brainer buy."
,Recommended,427520,21522458,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jaal,Buy this game!!!!
,Recommended,427520,21541315,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Mr Thumpy,"An incredible game for the puzzle solvers and optimisers out there. There are dozens of us, dozens I tell you! I'd liken this to another series I love, ANNO (With the exception of the most recent release). If you've ever played an ANNO game, then this one will make a lot of sense, plus the fact it has many times the complexity and depth of any of the ANNO games!"
76561198051358091,Recommended,427520,21541263,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ghihom,havent got more than 5 hrs of sleep these first few days
,Recommended,427520,21541928,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Snibb,This game is crazy good.
76561197997036593,Recommended,427520,21541997,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,de_fire,This game is so addicting 10/10Played it for 10 hours the day i bought it.Can highly recommend this game.
76561197980448559,Recommended,427520,21542363,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PegasusJF,It's been a long time since a game has compelled me to stay up all night.
76561197967632320,Recommended,427520,21542635,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,{R}BanditoBarry,"This game is ridiculously fun, though it does bring out an obsessive side of me. I highly recommend anyone that's enjoying the single player mode to try out the multiplayer mode, it is even better! (it still takes a little work to do MP, since it uses IPs and ports)"
,Recommended,427520,21542988,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Joop,Great game and very indepth lots to learn!!
,Recommended,427520,21524540,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,❽Uur,Create pollution.♥♥♥♥♥♥off natives. Production of bullets can't keep up.
,Recommended,427520,21524867,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FFRyan,"I didn't choose the conveyor life, actually I did"
76561198160606535,Recommended,427520,21538356,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Turtlekid,this game is esentualy minecraft minus the monotany as you can make literaly everything automated
,Recommended,427520,21533821,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Somerandom18,My urge to make all the things has never been so satisfied.
76561197969959908,Recommended,427520,21534458,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,patman,the graphics are poor but the game is so good.if you like sim city and base defence games this is for you.says early access but everything seems to work perfectly. just hope they pimp the graphics a little at somepoint.love it.
,Recommended,427520,21544738,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,GEP,Awesome game. Must buy. No further words neccesary.
,Recommended,427520,21544914,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mr. Wiggles,"Awesome. A classic ""just one more hour"" sort of game.I love experimenting with different layouts and I especially love that there's no penalty for doing so -- nothing is lost when you destroy structures (other than a minimal amount of steel in your pickaxe), so build and rebuild as much as you want.Can't recommend this enough if you're in to real-time puzzlers or, I'd say, ""tycoon"" games."
,Recommended,427520,21545247,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mustang McCloud,Very satisfying for my OCD
76561198001230870,Recommended,427520,21528327,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SirDust,"If you like to make complex change of productions in a infinite big world, then you might enjoy this game. I really enjoy the part that when I fix a problem another arises. Best put if you don't like micro-managing then this game isn't for you. If you do then you probley would love this game and try to optimise your production chains every single time.A 9/10 for me.You won't be playing this game for its grapicsand it still has some room for improvement. But for a early access game you get hours of tweaking your supplychains."
,Recommended,427520,21528366,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kaiser Karl,"Bank forclosed on my home, but I have eliminated under-consumption.10/10"
76561198001983842,Recommended,427520,21528769,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Orion,"Very fun game! If you enjoy optimization problems and logistics, there's a bunch of fun things to learn here."
76561198093238389,Recommended,427520,21528893,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ImmortalCaeser9,Good game
76561198044421243,Recommended,427520,21529046,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,PhoenixWing,"The degree of automaticity of this game is incredible! The pace of this game is really great.You start from doing things by your own, then you can research a tool that can automate that, then you can do more things, and then automate those things, then repeat and repeat... very awesome!"
,Recommended,427520,21529125,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Owmince,"i can't understand why this game is still marked as ""early access""10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21559420,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TheGOro,"If you like SpaceChem and Infinifactory then you probably going to like this one as well. For some reasons, it feels like Transport Tycoon in the early days combined with some minecraft. The UI need some polishment as they said, but other than that it is a really awesome game and I definately like it."
,Recommended,427520,21559446,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ceciltron,I have work in 6 hours. I stayed up all night designing industrial spaces.This is a good game.
,Recommended,427520,21563368,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bibly,"Very very fun, in the past few days I've managed to lose 60 hours playing this game and its so worth it. Def. worth getting."
76561198069854165,Recommended,427520,21554059,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,drumroll,"If you have a fetish for plundering a planets natural resources and killing the indiginous wildlife then this is the game for you!Oh and conveyor belts. Sweet, sweet conveyor belts."
,Recommended,427520,21554149,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Nat,The game is excellent. I'm writing this review to help counter some of the pointless negative reviews that are doing it to be 'unique' and 'funny'. If you like tycoon/management games then you need this game.
,Recommended,427520,21554626,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mefiras,"This game gives me braingasms. You spend 3 hours planning perfect infrastructure, then push the switch and bam - everything is working in perfect sync. Braingasm!"
76561197974925040,Recommended,427520,21554736,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Marliedog,"All production factory management should play this and attemp to Kaizen their factorio creations to the most efficient and high yielding systems, before trying to impose their hideously unthoughtout improvement plans in real life factory environments.A fantastic multi raw material, multi recipie, multi combination raw material recipie, puzzle, management simulation.Bought it, and already hooked.10/10 for the Early Access, looking forward to what it grows to."
76561197963017995,Recommended,427520,21554864,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Drakedge,"Okay so I picked this game up cause it looked fun... 13 hours later im done with my first sit down with the game... huh where did my day go?! This game gets more and more awesome the more you play it.Basically you research technology to get better similar to most strategy games, however, with this game the primary strategy is making all your chores automatic through the use of things like COAL POWERED CARS! and other just plain awesome things. I love this game, and I will be playing a lot more of it."
76561198030312121,Recommended,427520,21563120,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,montana-dr,AMAZING.
76561198031833930,Recommended,427520,21563985,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Keiran Halcyon,Factorio is an amazing game i usually avoid early access like the plague it is but Factiorio has enough  content for a full release already.
,Recommended,427520,21564010,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Roberius,"This game is like an onion, layers on top of layers. 12 hours in and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface.Starts off pretty simple, basic mining and smelting, progresses to simple automation, then who knows, you can go where you like with it, keep it simple and have fun killing bugs, or build a megabase that automates everything.I feel the New Hope campaign could use a little work, seeing as it is basically an extended tutorial it's not very helpful, some people might prefer the 'here's a map, go do stuff' technique, but I would have prefered 'go do this, now do that because if you do that, then you can do this'Worth watching some letsplays on You Tube to get a better idea of what the game can become.The enemies feel like the bugs from Starship troopers, fairly mindless but powerful enmasse, and they get harder as pollution/deaths occur.I can see this game sucking the life out of me for quite some time."
76561197990229443,Recommended,427520,21564449,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,gnrcrook,Agree with all of the other reviews.  Expected not to hold my attention.  Cant believe this is early access.
76561198003761419,Recommended,427520,21539335,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,YOLOSpirit,Very nice :)
76561198030786010,Recommended,427520,21539401,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,alvinofdiaspar,This is way too much fun - haven't been able to put it down since buying it over the weekend.  Definitely not for the OCD inclined!
76561198098289033,Recommended,427520,21539614,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nine Kittens,This game is fantastic. Literally nothing bad I can say about this.
,Recommended,427520,21550697,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Wulle,"Really one of the best building / crafting games i've played so far.It has everything every other crafting / building game has to offer and countless more features.This game never makes you feel like ""gosh, do i need to mine ALL the ores now for X Y and then gather ALL the coal for that?""Just when you think mining gets repetitive, it gives you an opportunity to automatize the complete progress and lets you have more time to focus on research and building your base.It even sorts your inventory all time and crafting is really easy and straight forward:""You need A and B to craft C? Then build C and E to get D? While mixing it with F?"" No Problem, just craft F and the game automatically makes the crafting queue for you, which is really nice.Gameplay overall is easy to learn, thought there are countless of possibilities for you to build.Definetely recommended"
76561198010403143,Recommended,427520,21550802,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,MrGedehamse,(y)
,Recommended,427520,21550996,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Mooshire,"I bought this game yesterday and simply could not stop playing it. It doesn't feel grindy, and there's alwayssomethingto do. With an infinite world, the game is never over and I love it."
,Recommended,427520,21551282,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Ariusus,Great game with deep gamerplay.
76561198040687704,Recommended,427520,21548981,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Paul Stecker,played like 6 hours straight for my first time. so yea that happend
76561198060563701,Recommended,427520,21547286,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ThisIsBlasphemy,"Even though it is early access, the game seems like it is a fully finished game. The game is very fun and with more things coming, i think ill be playing it for awhile. if you like minecraft but want things to become more automted, im positive you will like this game"
76561197967254969,Recommended,427520,21546521,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Rane,If you're one of the people that get's off from the feeling of accomplishment and like building comlex things THIS game is for you! bought it played(playing it) loving it! 10/10
,Recommended,427520,21546819,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,"Majikian, GOAT Based PAX","I'm running out of personal days to take at the office.Anno 2070 but done right, thanks to the procedural map generation."
,Recommended,427520,21550012,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Quenyth,"In many ways it is a bit Minecraft mixed with Transport Tycoon, also there is a little bit like the old Command & Conquer games."
,Recommended,427520,21550131,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Guru,"""Ah, my beautiful factory""Five minutes later""Wow, this looks awful. Mabye if I put conveyors here...""Rinse, Repeat, Realize it's time for work."
76561198011504974,Recommended,427520,26891309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArT3m1S,"I made a factory to work for me, and now the factory makes me work for it."
76561198011628413,Recommended,427520,26891393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Padders,Fantastic! Had lots of fun making different mechanisms and then finding new ways to play the game. It's one of those games where you just want five more minutes....
76561197971449350,Recommended,427520,26889381,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,majordano,"Easy to jump in and play, but complicated enough to keep me playing for a long time. I enjoy finding ways to automate production."
,Recommended,427520,26889989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Reinhold,"If you like sleeping, don't buy."
76561198013811508,Recommended,427520,26891848,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chef Manly.,"A game that draws you in with straightforward mechanics and simple premise will consume you into a world of bots, trains, and biters. For an early access game it's incredibly polished and each release leads to more and more optimization. The devs are very active (check out their weekly blog) with the community and have created an amazing game."
,Recommended,427520,26885279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iCarly #1 FAN,it is beautiful
,Recommended,427520,26886219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Master Ben,"THE best factory game I've ever played. Has fantasticly paced progression and takes considerable planning if you want to optimize your factory. Learning curve is not very steep and doesn't take long to learn how everthing works, but leaves a lot of room for you to optimize your creations to the extreme."
,Recommended,427520,26877375,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woof,"Infinite replayability and massive time sinker when striving for optimization and this game is still in early development with no signs of stopping. The devs are responsive with the community and update regularly, big thumbs up. One of very few games that can scratch that itch of base building, resource management, min maxing, etc. Solid 5/7."
,Recommended,427520,26875536,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,undefined,"If you love automating factories, managing resources and/or fighting aliens, this is the game for you. I assure you, you'll spend more time on this game then you'll comfortable spending. And best thing is: you've done everything there is to do in this game (even though you can always do it again in a different and better way) ? Enter the mods portal. Endless selection of really good and extensive mods, some even overhauling the whole game. Feel like this won't be for you? Bring a friend! It's always better with a friend. Don't have friends? Enter someone else's game and make new friends. They can even teach you new ways to automate your factories. You won't be sorry."
76561198019472925,Recommended,427520,26878310,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jodack,You will never look at a plate of spaghetti bolognese the same way.....
,Recommended,427520,26878461,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RokushoCom,This game is simply addictive.
,Recommended,427520,26879074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BaineGames,"More addictive and life destroying than heroin, at just a fraction of the price! Yes I stole another review - no time to write my own with my factory low on iron."
,Recommended,427520,26879166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain828,Awesome game! So much complexity there if you want to make use of it without making it complicated.
,Recommended,427520,26873205,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zoates1212,The best base builder ever created.
,Recommended,427520,26873335,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SP1NEBR8K3R,"This is the way Early Access is meant to be done.A content-rich, stable and unique gaming experience - many titles lack that after release, Factorio has all of that already.On top of all of that - Factorio is a fantastic Co-Op experience when you build factories with friends.Be careful though, you will get that '... just one more assembler ...' urge."
,Recommended,427520,26876151,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SightoFVenom,I love this game! I start saying I'm only going to play for and hour and then 3am roles around and I'm still going. Highly recommend this game if you love creating things
,Recommended,427520,26872338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Syde,I have lost many a nights sleep... Rekindled a friendship... and learned about headless server hosting thanks to this game.Cannot recommend enough!
,Recommended,427520,26872789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Artorp,"One of the best games I've played. It takes the best ideas from the tech-mods of Minecraft, and implements them is a superb fasion in this game about automation and logistics.SUPER OPTIMIZED, the devs know what they're doing. And there's a dev blog every friday, where they details the future of Factorio and where it is headed.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,427520,28242763,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mortalitor,"Factorio is a very fun production strategy game. You start out mining, then you make machines to mine for you, then you produce stuff and then you produce stuff to produce stuff for you. Conveyor belts and robots will be your best friends. Also Multiplayer."
76561198008103372,Recommended,427520,28258851,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,eodkeith,one of my all time favorite games
76561197986421435,Recommended,427520,28259387,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[SNT]Cosian,"I love builder based games and this is a builder on steroids to be sure.  I initially picked this up and played a couple days and set it on the shelf.  The game is deep and I felt a bit overwhelmed and did not know what to do next.I recently jumped back in to give another spin.  But before just diving in, I spent a bit of time reviewing tutorials and other video's on the net.  This really helped give me a better picture of where I needed to head long term and also a much better picture of the journey and progression as I built my factory.  Armed with a bit of knowledge I dove back and I haven't been able to put it down.  Once you get a few basics down, while still incredibly deep, it is immenetly playable.The game has been out for quite awhile and you will find loads of help on the net if you get stuck solving your next production problem.  At this price you just can't go wrong with this game."
76561198160401448,Recommended,427520,28176389,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ekalb2002,"The game is amazing, I cant stop playong, but there is a *few* issues, mainly with the graphics and speed. There are a few things that could be added, like planes, bridges, roofs, weather, boats, amphibous vehicles, and other minor and some major details. Once the game was cleared up with things like that, it would likely soar to the top of the steam list. Install it now!!!"
,Recommended,427520,28352594,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ze SpyRo,It tickles the programmer part of my brain.
,Recommended,427520,27992927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ukranian_Soviet,ItS PriTtY gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,427520,21890459,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Trapick,Ridiculously good. So hard to stop playing. I've been neglecting all other aspects of my life lately.
,Recommended,427520,21890487,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Swordficsh,"Great game, very clever crafting system and good mechanics. would recommend!"
76561198040024415,Recommended,427520,21890855,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,zeropup,this game is more addictive than smoking prepair to lose 6 hour slices of your life and thats just one sitting
,Recommended,427520,21533571,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Zaffakk,The last 48 hours have been fun.16 hours sleeping7 hours for making a murderer.8 hours doing normal stuff.17 hours playing this.I still don't understand what I'm doing.But I love it.Edit: 70 hours in & this does not get old.
76561197981952334,Recommended,427520,21894672,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,das forscher,I can't stop playing this game
76561198028323668,Recommended,427520,21894723,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Kyp,This game creates a whole new sub-genre. One of those new game concepts that are hard to explain to others.+ you'll be able to create and optimize supply chains+ build a whole industry complex with ease+ your polution will let insect-like aliens grow outside your wallsTotally addictive!
76561198026013988,Recommended,427520,21894387,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,graingernat,Such a beautifully complex game. I am 100% hooked.
76561198037214956,Recommended,427520,21893129,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,RevozZ,"Buy this game, it is among the best games that i've played :)"
,Recommended,427520,21889773,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,theRenegade,Lovin it
76561197965175772,Recommended,427520,21889786,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,sandalen4,I'm overwhelmingly positive
,Recommended,427520,21892396,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Toxivian,"The only game I know of that actually makes you a more boring person, but you don't care because those production lines won't optimize themselves."
,Recommended,427520,26516624,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,confused_enemy,Early days but I feel like this is what I have been looking for in a long while.Pay to Win!PVE Star Craft on Crack.Learn to Play!!!
,Recommended,427520,26496255,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Murmanox,If I'm not asleep I'm on factorio.
76561197989594474,Recommended,427520,26558956,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Carton,Extermely fun factory automation and building game. Highly recommended for engineering types.
,Recommended,427520,30908757,Posted: 2 April,all,mxpph,10/10
,Recommended,427520,22072615,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CrazyNinja,"Factorio is a insanely addictive factory builder, about managing and creating a factory on a alien planet. It is about automating EVERYTHING.All Together, is really addicting, and allows endless replayability, also it has a good mod community.10/10"
76561198138445123,Recommended,427520,26803542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MacktheMad,"This is one of my favorite games.You will start out very similar to Minecraft, chopping down trees, harvesting coal, stone, and iron, but then it takes a turn. Soon you will have drills mining all of your ores for you, and you will also use conveyor belts to pull the ores over to your smelting area which smelts all of the ores without you having to lift a finger. Then all you have to do is pick up the products and craft them into other useful items.Later on, however, you will probably get tired of crafting those items, so you will make assembly machines to craft your items for you so you just have to walk up to the chest and say ""THANKS"" and you get the items easy peasy. Then you can spend your time doing better things like expanding your base or automating the production of other things.Further on than that, however, you will probably get tired of walking over to a chest to pick up the items that are being crafted automatically. So you will set up a logistics system to have flying robots grab the products for you and bring them to you. Then all you have to do is walk around and set down your products wherever you want them to be in order to fulfil your wishes.Down the line, however, you may get tired of having to walk around and place items down, or having to build the same system again when you have already perfected the design. So you make construction bots that will place down items for you and you don't even have to walk up to the pace of where to put the items, and you will copy blueprints of your best-designed systems so that if you need more of them you can just tell your robots that you want another set up and they will set it all up for you.Overall, this is a very well made game. I have only encountered one bug in my whole experience and it was patched out pretty quickly. The community is helpful and the possibilities of what you can do in this game are vast. There is always something to do and the multiplayer in this game is just as fun. I have played a lot of games in my life and this one is designed better than most of them."
76561198202944520,Recommended,427520,26802093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Transcendent,Ultimate brain challenge!
76561198027502098,Recommended,427520,21918574,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CrazyT,"Nice concept, like those kind of strategy games, thumbs up!Its really worth the money, you could try the demo first.Takes some practise to chain factories together, but it is fun.It seems to be similar to ""FortressCraft Evolved"" but in 2d and with more crafting abilities but no deep mining ability.Its some sort of tower defence/base defence combined with transport tycoon, but decide yourself."
76561198127051964,Recommended,427520,26799852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,winklebum,"An engineers dream,extremely addictive plus theirs mods for when you get boredgladly nominating this game for 5 more minutes"
,Recommended,427520,26799119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shadowlord875,This game is great. Very addictive
,Recommended,427520,26826042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JohnnySixarms,Worth a buy.Best construction/automation game ever.
,Recommended,427520,26827347,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jakes,"I have 1000+ hours in Civ 4 and 5. When Civ 6 came out, I played one game. Then I went back to Factorio and to figuring out how to keep the iron plates flowing, so my circuit production wouldn't be hindered. I'd spent 25 hours at that factory and thougth I could do better. So I started a new factory.There's plenty of reviews here that highlights what the game is all about. I love it since it's a mix of base building, resource handling, research, puzzle-like planning and optimizations of productíon chains and noone to beat but yourself."
76561198031522141,Recommended,427520,26824502,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[BLD] [XO] Gamma27,"One of the best games in my library.Pros:Has a demo. (go play it.)Cost an exact number.Deep logistical problems. (seriously, some will melt your brain.)Will make you want to fix ""just one more problem.""Cons:Tutorial is not the best at explaining everything. Beginners will be left to figure most things out for themselves.The locals don't really serve a pupose, and serve more as an enviromental hazard.Overall, you should get the demo and see if you like it for yourself."
,Recommended,427520,26825273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stan Ash,NEEDS MORE FURNACES...
,Recommended,427520,26827180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DustyTalmid37,"Factorio is all about automation. From humble beginnings, grow your industry. Watching hundreds of bots flying around doing my bidding is very satisfying. Very addictive so beware!"
76561198141994549,Recommended,427520,26784939,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TxMx,Over 100 hours into it and I'm still playing it... this game has lasted and will last for me.
,Recommended,427520,31497971,Posted: 1 May,all,Dan Mao's Dog,People weren't lying...when I close my eyes I see conveyor beltsI think its become a problem
76561198072458225,Recommended,427520,31498061,Posted: 1 May,all,A BOX JELLYFISH 🎐,Games pretty good I guess. Played for 46 hours out of 72 hours of owning it. I guess it's decent.
,Recommended,427520,31544660,Posted: 4 May,all,harry,"suuuppper fun game, especially in co-op with friends who know how anything in it works"
,Recommended,427520,31544889,Posted: 4 May,all,Prince,Can't believe it took me till 2017 to actually play this. Great game. Wish I found it earlier
76561198006638496,Recommended,427520,31539653,Posted: 4 May,all,bfredsys,"The best 20 bucks you'll spend in your whole life, this one and your next. After playing a little over 400 hours, it is just as fun as the first hour."
,Recommended,427520,31540997,Posted: 4 May,all,Linearskillz,"An incredibly addictive game for anyone who enjoys planning, building, problem solving, and optimizing (not necessarily in that order). An incredibly complex yet highly approachable game with an amazing modding community and developers that exceed expectations with every update.Don't let that Early Access tag fool you, this game is much more complete than the majority of released titles."
76561198040896091,Recommended,427520,31533192,Posted: 3 May,all,WaterShotOctopus,I was told I could be anything. So I built a factory and destroyed an alien world.
76561198003736952,Recommended,427520,31542331,Posted: 4 May,all,andmann,there is so much potential.the programming is very optimised. MY rig can handle an INSANE AMOUNT of objects on map ^_^.say good bye to your loved ones. This game will suck you in.Can't wait for the modding community to really hit it off.  from tower defense to team pvp warfare. It is all easily moddable with a great basegame in place.
,Recommended,427520,31538123,Posted: 4 May,all,frostie,"Oh, so you thought you had enough iron? haha guess again buddy.Oh, so you thought your resources wouldn't buildup on belts? guess again buddy.Oh, you thought managing everything was easy? guess again buddy.If i had to sum this game up, it would be Crisis Simulator 2017."
76561198350955126,Recommended,427520,31535433,Posted: 3 May,all,sensualboyklaus,basically...1. mine all natural resources (like we did to earth)2. creates tons of pollutants (earth again)3. exterminate a species because they are making resource gathering hard (how US treated native americans)4. launch a rocket and win the game (like US did in 1969)yeah id say this is a fun game.
,Recommended,427520,31508004,Posted: 2 May,all,kameghaya,why hasnt my factorio updated since 0.14
76561198009365729,Recommended,427520,31521624,Posted: 3 May,all,Bigdoor,Great.
,Recommended,427520,31566470,Posted: 5 May,all,borismihajlovic,Game that truly rewards crativity. Great community and dev. 10/10
76561198022209335,Recommended,427520,31570586,Posted: 5 May,all,jasefacekhs,its a huge time sink with lots of interesting game mechanics to play with.
76561198044084734,Recommended,427520,31582454,Posted: 6 May,all,tdawg,"Very fun game, you get to build your own factory any way you want."
76561198136243923,Recommended,427520,31582282,Posted: 6 May,all,Certem,"Extremely addicitive, keeps you playing for hours on end."
76561198373306678,Recommended,427520,31581873,Posted: 6 May,all,rcmoler,It Has Good Mods But I Had A Problem And Im Not Sure What To Do It Wont Let Me Into The Game So Im Kinda Wondering How To Fix It
76561198365635316,Recommended,427520,31595285,Posted: 6 May,all,Chuck Norris,This is one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,427520,31592199,Posted: 6 May,all,Keg,Good times!
76561198006133300,Recommended,427520,31591591,Posted: 6 May,all,Yggdrasil,Best game with this title EU.
,Recommended,427520,27677229,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Purplexed,"I do not usually recommend early access games but Factorio is incredibly fun and worth your investment. If you enjoy resource gathering, automation, building bases, and coming up with intricate ways to link them all together, then this is a game for you!"
76561198013244410,Recommended,427520,27647103,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crackshot112,"Building a factory?! Cool!Trains?! Openttd to the max!Aliens?! Kill!I don't want to sleep yet, cracktorio!"
,Recommended,427520,27647275,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Adam,Great fun! Easy to get into and easier to spend hours and hours playing.
,Recommended,427520,27905672,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zomborgon_SA,"I've played far more hours of this than is likely healthy, and I've loved every moment of it. Mods make things even better and are plentiful enough to give anyone a great new experience, tailored to individual preferences more than most any other game I've seen."
,Recommended,427520,27778425,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zuffy,"Great game, sunk many hours into. Cant wait for the finished product"
76561198012151525,Recommended,427520,27776210,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aprion,"This game is extremely fun and addicting. Everytime you think you're finished with your design, you come up with some new way to improve your machinery. Then before you know it another hour has passed when you only intended to go on for five more minutes. I rate this a solid 4 out of 5. The only reason its not simply a 5 is because it's not finished yet."
,Recommended,427520,22574484,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mph703,"i played some, it was pretty goodEdit: played some more, still good"
76561198122663007,Recommended,427520,27896978,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Feynman,This game is addicting and appeals to the OCD optimization part of me 10/10 would waste my life again
,Recommended,427520,27894756,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raptor Baptist,"The noble task and story of this game is a lone adventurer, lost on an alien planet, sole survivor of his crashed colony ship, stranded, he must rebuild the technology necessary to return home from scratch.Defending himself from primitive bug like aliens, while trying to gather the resources necessary to accomplish this task, is no small feat for our intrepid young hero attempting to find his way home...However, what you actually do thoughout this game is tech up from the stone age, pillaging and depriving this alien world of all it's natural resources, polluting and destroying the natural environment in your drive for advancement, whilst genociding the local population on a whim who don't want to see their world burned and try to stop you.And Dear GOD is this brilliant.I love every aspect of it.I r8 8/8 would genocide again."
,Recommended,427520,27875212,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RudieQ75,"NOMINATED THIS GAME FOR: THE “JUST 5 MORE MINUTES” AWARDEnglish>Español>FrançaisBefore saying any other thing:I tend to only buy games with a discount in Steam, and I can say that this game is worth every cent.For being an Early Access title, since the first version I played feel like a complete game. If you are interested in sinking several hours in a single game, this is your game. If you want to learn or practice programming skills, this is your game. If you want a game with a sense of progression, this is your game. If you have OCD, it’ll take you a good time putting all in its place.But, if you´re interested in other things like stunning graphics, easy mechanics or a game that does not require you to learn lots of things or lots of work to do, you should consider this one.Also, a couple of things to consider: The objective is there, but there’s no history or anything like that. There is a tutorial, but (at least for me) doesn’t feel very clear and I have to say that it requires previous knowledge of mechanisms and logic gates to get it working properly. Also the music doesn’t even feel like is there, so better to prepare a custom playlist before start playing it.Moreover, the community at least in my opinion, is very good and the developers put a lot of work in this game, at the point of giving us every Friday an update on what is being added to the game or the new features, mechanics, parts or textures. And if you are someone who thinks that games are only for the young people, for entertainment or just to dump hours in a useless task with no benefits, I swear this game can change your opinion about gaming.And before anyone points out my hours on record, maybe I have to say I only open it 4 times and I am aware that I haven’t put the time this game deserves, but I got an automatic factory working, probably because I have experience in micromanaging, and mechanisms.Antes de decir cualquier otra cosa:Yo suelo sólo comprar juegos cuando están en descuento en Steam, y puedo decir que este juego vale cada centavo.Para ser un juego de acceso anticipado, desde la primera versión que jugué me pareció un juego completo. Si lo que buscas es pasar varias horas en un solo juego, busca aquí. Si estas aprendiendo o quieres practicar programación, busca aquí. Si quieres algo con sentido de progresión, busca aquí. Si tienes TOC, pasaras un buen rato organizando cosas.Pero si tus intereses son cosas como gráficos destacables, mecánicas fáciles o un juego que no necesite que aprendas mucho o pongas bastante trabajo en él, mejor considera buscar en otro lado.Tiene algunos detalles a tomar en cuenta: hay un objetivo principal pero no una historia que lo aborde. Hay un tutorial pero (al menos para mí) no es suficientemente claro y podría afirmar que requiere más tu conocimiento previo en mecanismos y puertas lógicas para hacer algo que funcione como debería. Y la música es como si no tuviera, yo recomiendo que tengas una lista de reproducción mientas lo juegues.Sin embargo, la comunidad al menos de mi punto de vista es muy buena, además los desarrolladores trabajan mucho en este juego, incluso cada viernes dan una actualización de las adiciones o cambios al juego ya sean mecánicas, piezas o texturas. Si eres alguien que piensa que los juegos son sólo para jóvenes, para entretenerse o para desperdiciar horas en una tarea inútil, este juego puede cambiar tu punto de vista inclusive sobre toda la industria de los videojuegos.Antes de que alguien mencione las horas de juego que tengo, quizá debería aclarar que lo he abierto unas 4 veces y estoy consciente de que no he dado el tiempo que este juego merece, no obstante logre hacer una fábrica automática, probablemente porque ya tenía algo de experiencia en microcontrol y mecanismos.Avant-propos:Je tends seulement à acheter des jeux à prix réduits en Steam et je pouvoir affirmer que ce jeu vaut chaque cent.Pour être un accès précoce jeu, puisque la première version se sent comme un jeu complet. Si vous êtes à la recherche d'un jeu pour passer plusieurs heures, ç'est ce que vous cherchez. Si vous souhaitez apprendre ou pratiquer des techniques de programmation, ç'est ce que vous cherchez. Si vous avez le TOC, vous prendrez un bon temps mettant tout à sa place.Mais si vos intérêts sont des choses comme des graphismes exceptionnels, facile mécaniques ou un jeu qui n'a pas besoin d'apprendre beaucoup et travailler dur, pensez à regarder ailleurs.Aussi, avoir quelques détails à rendre compte de: L'objectif est là, mais pas d'histoire ou quelque chose comme ça. Il y a un tutoriel, mais (du moins pour moi) ne se sent pas très clair et je dois dire que cela nécessite une connaissance préalable des mécanismes et des portes logiques pour le faire fonctionner correctement. Aussi la musique est comme si n'était pas là, donc mieux de préparer une playlist personnalisée avant de commencer à jouer.Cependant, la communauté, au moins de mon point de vue est très bonne, plus les développeurs travaillent dur dans ce jeu, même chaque vendredi donner une mise à jour des ajouts ou des modifications aux parties de jeu ou des textures. Si vous êtes quelqu'un qui pense que les jeux ne sont que pour les jeunes, pour divertir ou passer des heures dans une tâche futile, ce jeu peut même changer votre point de vue sur l'industrie du jeu vidéo entier.Et avant que quelqu'un pointe mes heures sur le jeu, peut-être je dois dire que je ne l'ai ouvert que 4 fois et je suis conscient que je n'ai pas mis le temps ce jeu mérite, mais j'ai fait une usine automatique qui fonctionne, grâce à mes connaissances sur micromanaging et les mécanismes d'autres jeux."
,Recommended,427520,27894963,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[CUM] FAKill,"Factorio only pleases some people,But when it does... God it does it well. The gameplay depth is abyssal, when you think you're done you can optimize half your setup. The replayability is also great since the playstyles are numerous.So yeah if you like puzzles and scratching your head run for it !Special mention to the devs really close to the community and super activ."
,Recommended,427520,21857293,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Harrison Fire,veryveryvery cool!
,Recommended,427520,26787313,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ƓƠƬӇƖƇƦƖƇӇƛƦƊ,one of the best games i played
,Recommended,427520,25064457,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chaken,video cocain :)
76561198174167425,Recommended,427520,26787677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lilly Kap,GOOD STUFF
,Recommended,427520,26682627,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,X-Gamer,"Factorio is one of those games that will get you hooked from the very beginning. There's always something to build, repair, remodel or improve. You're constantly engaged. It will make hours feel like minutes.BAM! You thought you played 2 hours of Factorio, but in reality you were completely detached from the space-time continuum. You're one year older, married and got a child. It's a strange feeling seeing the time pass by. Not in a bad way, more in a way that makes you appreciate the game even more.Wube Software is one of the few game studios today that will deliver a finished & complete gameplay experience. The game takes no steps back and every step forward improves upon the game without taking anything away. It's nice to see that there still developers out there that care about the quality of a finished product.The worst part about this whole story: Once you're done, you instantly start thinking of ways to improve your factory even more. Almost instinctively you click on 'New Game' and..."
76561197977129149,Recommended,427520,26788368,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baaliazar,"Oh my, this game has me hooked. A simple idea which has taken a life of its own in my own mind, when not playing I'm trying to figure out how to make things better and with each new research it give me another toy to play with and figure out. Much like the factory I'm building it just continues to expand, unlike the free time I now no longer seem to have."
76561198006323873,Recommended,427520,26844849,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShiftyShinobiX,"This game is super-addicting, and more keeps getting added. The power options are the most limiting factor thus far. Figuring out how to make rails and robots work for you is challenging and fun. Also great for multiplayer, assuming any of your friends are smart enough to have picked this title up."
,Recommended,427520,26845168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spyball4,Great timewaster 8/10.
,Recommended,427520,26846668,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nubcake Jake,"Simply put, Cracktorio"
76561197982900769,Recommended,427520,26843926,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zaephrys,Pure cocaine for the mind.
,Recommended,427520,26844287,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Merlin,This is some A+ grade early access title.This has more content and possible replayability than the whole early access market together.
,Recommended,427520,26858153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nova,Good game to sink hours of time in organising productions and still not getting them to work properly :D
76561198059298590,Recommended,427520,26856575,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fujellup,"213 hours in, Still haven't finished my first playthrough. Incredible!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,26858315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tokke,The game for every atheist out there: Spaghetti heaven! I can't stop playing. I want to keep improving my factory.
,Recommended,427520,26858517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,D1ld0$w@gg1n$,Played for 40 hours in 3 days. Worse than heroin.
,Recommended,427520,26858687,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain Bang Ding Ow,"I really love this game! The gameplay is simple at first but gets vastly complex and always begs me to return to my computer to craft another train or expand to new territories. This game is definitly worth the price it costs. I even voted it with the ""Just Five More Minutes"" Award. Totally buy this game."
76561198274254538,Recommended,427520,26859456,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,irontrident00,"The game itself has a lot of potential. And I see the progress made. The main reason why I got this game was because of its sandbox,open world gameplay. Since i'm interested in these types of games. There aren't very many games like this which is why I had bought it. Now the price is indeed reasonable. Becasue of the price,there has been improvements VIA early access. But it will slowly get more additions. As of recent news. There is now mods for this game. Multiplayer included. But the only problem with the multiplayer is the bandwidth and lag. The overall server system isn't that great. But hopefully it improves overtime. And you can still connect with friends by LAN. Now the best part is the the logistic management. People find ways to improve their overall material gain and belt compressions. It's complex. But worth it. Especially once you've figured out the game as a whole."
,Recommended,427520,26857430,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,autism is a epidemic,I started this game around 3:00 and did not realise the time and next time I checked it was 9:00 it kept me hooked for days. Great game
76561198010170953,Recommended,427520,26584801,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheFapMachine,"Fun game, one of those, let me just do one more thing games, where you end up looking at the clock at 4am and wonder where the day went."
,Recommended,427520,27497418,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aerowix,"Really fun basebuilding game. You mine resources to build a big base with electricity. Then you automate everything and anything. You can build a wall to keep aliens out, and you can build the turrets to be fully supply-automated. Research and everything is on good curve. I highly recommend. There's also a peaceful mode if you like to take it slow and learn. The aliens can be brutal, but there are multiple ways to counter that. Also resources do run dry quick but you can mod that too.A lot of stuff. Oil, trains, vehicles, tanks, weapons, walls, turrets, lasers, robotics, dangerous native aliens.. too much to mention. I highly recommend to look up some basic layouts for smelting, highways, science and other stuff."
,Recommended,427520,27349289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stillkill,"Have you ever felt like you've done something productive. Ever feel the great feeling of having made better someone else's life? Do you hate being productive in real life, but would rather build and program a factory that is making fake metal, launching fake rockets, all while you run away from some rather large bugs that have projectile spit!THEN PREPARE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ARMS TO FALL OFF OF YOUR SHOULDERS AND YOUR VERY EYES TO FALL OUT OF YOUR HEAD, WHEN YOU GET A LOAD OF THIS ACTION PACKED(-ish) PRODUCTIVITY SIM, STARRING YOU, WHEN YOU BUILD A FLAME THROWER FUELED BY PURE PRODUCTIVITY...the game devs took my caps lock key away, but allow me to continue...pure productivity you can use to pave down an entire planet and kill all local wildlife, to suit your factory's needs!all to complete the goal of making the most astonishing, complex, efficient, pollution spouting factory the world has ever seen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the devs have just taken away all my punctuation keys  but that wont stop me from telling you to buy this game     now"
,Recommended,427520,31513112,Posted: 2 May,all,nobot,"At first I wasnt sure about this game, with the footage of the game bieng a little unconvinsing. But by some recomendations I bought it, and let me tell you any footage of the game doesn't amount to the gameplay and feel of it. Its severly enjoyable and is quite complex with its tech tree. My favourite thing of the game would be destroying your setup and building it with new tech and new fuel source and seeing the converbelts fill up with items.I Very Recomendation Thanks; Godspeed."
,Recommended,427520,31508057,Posted: 2 May,all,DPX,This game can teleport you into the future with no effort
,Recommended,427520,31552455,Posted: 4 May,all,jacobfrayser,"A game, like minecraft, which protains to your imagination. Your factory isn't just a factory, it's a challenge to make things better. Even when you think you have everything you need, the game throws you something you didn't expect, like not enough production, smelting being too slow, or even swarms of enemies attacking you. Guess what? You can always improve. Add defense. Build moduoles which increase your machine's speed or efficiency. Expand on everything. Whatever you want. Heck, i've used nothing but a tank to take out an entire enemy base! This game is so ridiculously fun that i've lost DAYS to the ever-enticing evolution of automation. I haven't seen a game deliver this ammount of complication so effectively and entertainingly. Probably won't see another one either. Keep it up Factorio team!"
76561198142716092,Recommended,427520,31562917,Posted: 5 May,all,ExoSkull,"The phases of factorio:1. What is this? Pretty old sprite style...2. Doing everything by hand3. Slowly building automation4. Holy crap this is amazing.5. Five more minutes6. More than five more minutes.7. Learning curve explodes upwards8. Eventually starting a new game9. Doing things way better10. Only six more hours11. Much more than only six more hours.12. Going back to your old world and wondering how you made it past fluid handling with that setup13. Should I sleep?If you just started playing it, and you build better and better stuff, you are actually able to see belts moving when you close your eyes. Try it, it works and it's amazing.In short, you basicly plan a factory, expand it and kill natives. The trains are amazing, the belts are amazing, the factories are amazing, so instead of telling you what's great about it, here are the only cons I could find:-When starting a new game you always want to go back to your old factory, just because you are too spoilt by all the things you had and now don't have anymore.-This game doesn't have that much of a steep learning curve, but it's quite hard for beginners to get into it and it takes some real detication and frustration.Also, there is a secret button in the menu, it's called ""End game"". You should use that if you ever want to see your friends and family again."
,Recommended,427520,31668154,Posted: 10 May,all,OneOneFour,This game will make you forget that you are a human being. 10/10
76561198188496641,Recommended,427520,31658503,Posted: 9 May,all,Scott23,"This is easily one of the best games I have played in the last 5-10 years. I have over 200 hours in this game, and i don't intend on stopping anytime soon. Great game."
,Recommended,427520,31661968,Posted: 10 May,all,Blep,Lost 127 hours the last few weeks. Would recommend.
,Recommended,427520,31664530,Posted: 10 May,all,LegendCreeping,"This is an amazing game centered around automating EVERYTHING. Basicly the unwritten rule of the game is to automate everything. This is a great game if you like puzzles, stratigy, and having to think ahead. This game has no puzzles you have to solve to craft stuff, the puzzle element comes in when your mid to late game and your trying to make your factory work. Prepare to have a lot of ""Dang it... Because of the way i built (something) I am going to have trouble making (something else)."" This is a great game, but it has a large learning curve too. I recomend jumping in a single player game and just playing the game and looking up stuff like ""how do logistics robots work"" along the way till you beat the game. Then load up a new game and play again. But the secounds time around you will be smarter and be able to think ahead becaue you will know what your doing. Again this is a great subjective game. If this type of stuff is not what you like then you wont really care for the game. If you like this kind of stuff, then prepare to rack up hundreds of hours playing this game. I love this game! (most of my hours where on a freind's account and not here, but i loved the game so much i bought it for my own account; I probably have like 150-200 hours combined playing this game)"
,Recommended,427520,31660399,Posted: 9 May,all,m0nk™,"Cracktorio is a game about logistics, forward planning and an overwhelming sense of excitement!if you hate working in a Retail or customer service environment, then this is the game for you =]"
76561198112172830,Recommended,427520,31656187,Posted: 9 May,all,Zero/One+,Very fun and logistics oriented. Highly recommend you get this game and play with some friends before it leaves early access.
,Recommended,427520,31651725,Posted: 9 May,all,bargain bin,help
,Recommended,427520,31651761,Posted: 9 May,all,Cptn Carl,i highly recomend this game to any one who like a challenge dor has played any RTS like A.O.E or the Command and Conquer series this is definetly a game for you and it has a ton of reply value as well so you cant go wrong with $20....best $20 Bucks i ever spent and over 1k hours spent on this game lol
,Recommended,427520,26818064,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mail-Ordered Canadians,"Definitely one of my favorite games to date. Factorio is a game about maximizing your efficiency in massacring the current residence of a planet you've crashed on and then claiming the planet for your own. With mad buses and huge productivity lines, this game tickles the fancy of anyone who takes pleasure in weeding out any inconsistency in a sequence you, yourself, built. A time sink for sure."
76561198279725036,Recommended,427520,30883402,Posted: 1 April,all,Dark Spyro 43,factorio is a game i have put 323 hours into with no regretsEdit: 410 hours
76561198294680831,Recommended,427520,31657259,Posted: 9 May,all,bay moss,Almost the best building game i have and it is ADDICTING
,Recommended,427520,23017633,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,q3fuba,"This game is AMAZING! :DReally funny and time eating if you want it ;)Patch 0.15.x is also a VERY big improvement to the already amazing game at all!At all...Im a very ""delicate"" person but in this game i did not found any bugs at all."
76561198076900746,Recommended,427520,22037977,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,kuuler95,Eh it's okay i guess.
,Recommended,427520,31670354,Posted: 10 May,all,Kyrill,400hrs of fun. more to say?
,Recommended,427520,27787832,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tan,"An exercise in madness, and proof that in simplifying everything, you inevitably make things worse. Strip the planet, slay the wildlife, poison the earth, all to feed the machine with no purpose.And probably the best base building/resource management game in existence."
,Recommended,427520,27834894,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aarsern,Good game!
76561198004891066,Recommended,427520,27833553,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Thundernoob,"This is one of the only games where I can build a base for 2 hours, realize i screwed up horribly and have to restart, and then have just as much fun starting over and trying again."
,Recommended,427520,27833796,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Salesbook,"Really nice management and construction game, takes a lot of thinking and problem solving"
76561197969857419,Recommended,427520,27835353,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheBreed,"Just 5 More Minutes, ....♥♥♥♥♥♥gotta go to work"
76561198087166570,Recommended,427520,27835817,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah,Absolutely addicting.10/10
,Recommended,427520,27801393,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,diosmio ayayayyy,great game!
,Recommended,427520,27801852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SeiferD,"Best thing about this game is that you intend to quit in 10 minutes and then realize you spend another 4 hours on the game. Restarting this game isn't a chore but fun, as you try to improve your factory and find stuff out every playthrough.1st game - spaghetti galore, launch rocket2nd game - introduce main bus, horribly fail, back to spaghetti3rd game - ramp up difficulty, locals don't like your polution, stomp you4th game - let's try that lazy b*stard achievement ... 50 hours later5th game - find out you can use robots :Detc. etc."
76561197990865907,Recommended,427520,27807666,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Karmundur,I forgot to eat while playing this game. I had to go to the hospital and get nourished. 10/10
76561197992203725,Recommended,427520,27817742,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tal,More finished in early access than most games ever are.
76561198025474029,Recommended,427520,27817779,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Waylander_TC,"Easily a game to get lost in, there's so much to build, research and tinker with, esp if you get a good map, one with a nice array of minerals at the start and a few enemies close but not tooo close can really make this game fun to play as you have to work on both defence and expansion. Need a resource that is far away either build a car/tank and go get some your self or build a train line and bring it to you. I really enjoy playing this game and can quite easily lose my self in all the little tasks."
76561198071863978,Recommended,427520,27815645,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BeldoFett,One of the most in depth games i have ever played and you will crave that 5 more minutes which will turn into 5 more hours.
,Recommended,427520,27815737,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sheartrigger,If your like me and you spent hour upon hour settng up the perfect automated systems in any crafting survival game you play this is that element of those games refined into a game of its very own.
,Recommended,427520,21848234,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sir Lord Baron Von Hamzworth III,Since I got this game I have taken time out of sleeping and eating to make more room for more of it.10/10 Would ruin my life again.
76561198176374438,Recommended,427520,31737714,Posted: 13 May,all,diamondminer74,I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS GAME HELP ME!
,Recommended,427520,31738175,Posted: 13 May,all,Erilius,"A game I've been looking for ...Factorio is what I've searched around and never found. I tried some hours and I didn't realized that I was extremelly addicted to the game. It is marvelous, beautiful, huge and great. Sorry about Minecraft deveplopers, but Factorio is what similar games never was.I can do the most of things I love to do in games: Big maps to explore, resources, turret defense, trains and stations, survival, energy and supply management, a ton of researches, all of it inside a well made and stable game.I'm love with Factorio. Get in this love too!"
76561198264644776,Recommended,427520,31738428,Posted: 13 May,all,thetryer,love this game
76561197977227063,Recommended,427520,21756580,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,#GENOCIDE,"Facorio should be a controled substance like methadone, seriously it's that addictive.This is as true 10 hours in at 440."
,Recommended,427520,31728429,Posted: 13 May,all,JesseB,"This is the best game I have ever played, simply because there's always something to do. It's never ""Oh I guess I'm done now"". This game will make you forget what time it is, maybe even what date it is. When you want to quit it goes like this: ""Let me do this one thing It'll just take 10 minutes"" 1 hour later ""♥♥♥♥"""
76561197977182573,Recommended,427520,31731905,Posted: 13 May,all,THUNDER,I now understand why many call the game: Cracktorio.I can not stop playing.
,Recommended,427520,31744432,Posted: 14 May,all,Pickle RICK,Not recommended before exams.Or before anything.JK. This is a must play.
76561198030755547,Recommended,427520,31746356,Posted: 14 May,all,medledan16,"I liked this game at first, then I loved it, now I cant stop playing it. This is one of the best games I have ever played. I hate all the senseless slaugher\killing\FPS games out their; all clones of themselves. I finally found a game that lets me think, plan, and dominate a world, one resource at a time. This game is fatastic with endless weekly bug fixes and updates. This game has never crashed on me. Fantastic."
76561198214207343,Recommended,427520,31746258,Posted: 14 May,all,thehuntedstag,buy
,Recommended,427520,31745095,Posted: 14 May,all,Kiriak,Will take over your life
,Recommended,427520,31744522,Posted: 14 May,all,Illeru,"Fun game for systems thinkers!Easy mechanics, well placed learning curve. I have spent hours grinding away the science to improve my factory to improve my science gain...You get the purpose of the game. If you don't deal well with open ended games, then this is not for you. At times some of the complexity gets in the and you find yourself trying to decide waht is the highest priority. A few more map options, like real time colour systems (like for the roboport placement)  or guiding options (like what to build next guide)  could be useful and break through some of the head scratching. Overall a thoroughly entertaining experience and well executed concept."
76561198081204643,Recommended,427520,31748097,Posted: 14 May,all,Xakher,I love the game so much that I want to force myself to hate it so that I don't waste my life playing it.
,Recommended,427520,31738883,Posted: 13 May,all,|HEX| WIdOwMaKeR-61,New addiction. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,31740051,Posted: 13 May,all,Johannes,"The devs are responsive, the modding scene active, and the multiplayer solid. What more can you ask for in an early access game?"
76561197990320072,Recommended,427520,31742761,Posted: 14 May,all,Drone,Become a captain planet villain
76561198130554797,Recommended,427520,31740213,Posted: 13 May,all,Mister Grim,"I've had the game 6 1/2 days and am already at 70 hours played.   It. Is. That. Addictive.  At the price of $20, this may be the best deal on the planet.  I've forgotten to eat...forgotten to sleep.  I look up and the actual time is hours ahead of what I thought.  My wife says I've slipped into another world.  I have and I just need to crank out a few more turrets to protect me from the biters."
,Recommended,427520,31736327,Posted: 13 May,all,Kalos Amigo,Excellent logistic and chains of production game. This is one of the best if not the best game of its genre.Recommended for people who like the concept of programming and optimisation.
,Recommended,427520,27893831,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mizzle Grizzle,5 more mintues is not enough for this. It something more along the lines of 10 more hours.
,Recommended,427520,31736243,Posted: 13 May,all,Kenzie,This is an amazing game and i reccomend anyone who has the money to buy it
,Recommended,427520,31730275,Posted: 13 May,all,Galabyca,"This game is crack for programmers and gamers who like logistic and complex games.Even after completing a 100% achievements challenge, I have a strange/good feeling that I only begin to understand the game."
76561198040826825,Recommended,427520,28038133,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fridge Crisper,Great game to try and wrap your head around some problem solving and relaxing building the best factory.
,Recommended,427520,28034795,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Magics,Great game for logically-based building.
,Recommended,427520,28035532,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,/DiagonalShenanigans/,"This game seems simple at first, But trust me there tons to do, From setting up circuits on your factory, to running a train schedual, this game has me playing for hours and hours. Its also worth mentioning the mods. They add so much to it. From more ores to things like automatic train laying (F.A.R.L) to tons more Tech to research.And then theres Multiplayer! This game has so much i would happily pay 50 quid for it. The musics also pretty cool.10/10! BUY IT NOW!"
76561198110074010,Recommended,427520,27737907,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Adam.Podstavka,"If I'd be limited to play JUST ONE GAME for rest of my life, it would be Factorio.+ Endless possibilities to what to create and how+ Only limitation is your creativity and inteligence+ Devs are posting news every Friday and they love the game as much as we players do+ You can AUTOMATE EVERYTHING+ Blueprints!  You can create factory which creates next one... you can just lay down blueprints, it'll build itself by it :D+ Fun to fight alien race, countless strategies to do so+ Endless map+ Choose your own goal - create artwork masterpiece, logic circuits -> calculator or so, kill million alliens, longest rail ever, etc. etc.+ Ever ongoing improvements and new stuff added by Devs+ low HW requirements (eats only CPU, but it's well programmed)+ I am proud it was created by fellow Czech guys.Hint: Don't wait for sale, there won't be any, but it's worth its every penny!"
,Recommended,427520,27738708,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AndaPlays,Must automate........ Must automate........ Must automate. I need to automate that too!
76561198014245462,Recommended,427520,27759940,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,COLLOSSUS,"Great game if you have OCD, otherwise it is just exceptionally good."
,Recommended,427520,27760007,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nikandros,"Highly addictive and very fun in a do everything precisely or youll get eaten kinda way. Well worth the money spent, perhaps not the zombie mornings that follow..."
,Recommended,427520,27706492,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Poisonberry,An amazing game that you just can't stop playing.  It's for the OCD you want to feed.
,Recommended,427520,27706577,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FlavaBox,The best thing about this game is that there is no one way to build a factory.The creations I've seen by members of is community have been nothing amazing. You can be super efficient or just super wasteful in your use of resources in you production line. I've spent hours building and it only feels like minutes have gone by and that is a good thing in games.
76561197977575578,Recommended,427520,27706843,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BazuiNicholsoft,Amazing.
,Recommended,427520,22528741,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Optera,"Factorio is an addictive blend of OTTD and Minecraft.It's one of those sandbox games where your OCD compells you to spend unhealthy amounts of time on optimisation.Playing sandbox at my own pace making my own challanges gets me in a zen like state and before I know it I've spent another 2h optimizing something for miniscule effects.Pros:+ a building game with ""just 5more min"" addiction+ what's not in base probably exists as mod somehow+ development happens close to communityCon:- replay value is rather low, the game can be ""finished"" in less than 2h rather easily- combat is more of a chore than a fun side activityConclusion:If you like to create your own challenges e.g. build the biggest train network or a huge base then Factorio will have hours over hours of content for you."
,Recommended,427520,27719644,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gourd Lord,I was up until 4:00 AM playing this game.
,Recommended,427520,27766724,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hannibal,I have only played a few hours so far...but I think it's pretty good.
,Recommended,427520,27764424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chigaku488,oh... 10 hours have passed...
76561198047223237,Recommended,427520,27764579,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zenet11,"By the time you finish building your factory you'll realize you took apart what was your life and used the pieces as a foundation.  That and you started building it Friday.  No, not three days ago Friday, Friday last week."
,Recommended,427520,27764632,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Draconaes,"Very addicting game with quite a bit of replay value. I've already gotten 80 hours out of the game and haven't even browsed the available mods  yet.There's so many different ways to play the game, and the different world generation settings allow you to set up unique, personal challenges very easily. Do you focus on speed running? Space efficiency? Elegance of design? Do you just want to make your own train network while disabling enemy attacks? Maybe a more elaborate tower defense against huge, unending swarms?I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of base-building."
76561197965507296,Recommended,427520,27765179,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mouuh,This is drug. Buy it !
,Recommended,427520,27765957,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MisterYEE,"There's just one thing to say, this game is addicting!If you're like me and liked Terraria, Minecraft, Rust, and every other game where crafting stuff is part of the core of the game, Factorio will take it to the top and the game will push you to make the most efficient Factory there is!The principle concept of Factorio is straight forward! Mine ressources like Coal, Iron, Copper etc. to craft stuff which will help you mine more efficient! You need a lot of ressources for Research, but here is the point: Why do it all yourself? Build belts, automatic miners, robot arms which will move your crafted stuff around the map, research robots, use trains and see your little 'Factory' produce stuff on it's own! It's really nice to see your little factories create so many things out of the few Ressources there are available on the map itself!But don't think you're alone! There is also a huge part devoted to defend your Factory from little pests and Aliens (ALIUMS!) - If you can't manage to keep up, it'll be really hard to survive!Graphics might discourage some from buying, but as I said in the beginning: don't mind them, if you liked the games I mentioned! Factorio is really deep and there are Higher Resolution Texture already announced for later patches of this game.Speaking of patches, there is a lot of content still coming and the Devs are really trying to make this game perfect in every way possible - it already is, as there are almost no bugs (or at least it is highly unlikely you will encounter any!) and the Devs are trying to optimize it to run even smoother for bigger Factories!Also the Community is really huge, I recommend taking a visit to the Wiki if you start out and maybe check out the /r/Factorio subreddit on reddit. You'll find a lot of information about the game, and you will notice there is a huge modding Community available! (Although I recommend playing without mods for your first time, the game already offers enough 'content' for you to get the full experience).Is it worth it? Maybe even more! I promise, if you're into managing games, crafting games, and always trying to be the most efficient, then this game will make the prize you paid seem like nothing. It's really easy to get 20 hours into the game and just have your basic production running, that's already 1€ for every hour - WORTH!"
76561198205936915,Recommended,427520,25898989,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,kylieflan,"Anybody that reads thisi is gonna be like ""Hes only got 40 hours of game play How can he recomend a game"", well if your looking for a game thats more addictive than cookie clicker then this hits the targetOne its got an interesting start, a little bland but its still coolTwo once you get going there's no stopping youThree the stress of running out of something or having something wrong is so fun to fixPS. if you ever want to see your loved ones again click exit as if you don't you will look up and there will be flying buildings next door.also this game is one ofthe best"
,Recommended,427520,27768907,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,miliku,"this game ruind my life i havent seen anything else then convater belts and can hear the sound of machines when i try to sleep i lost my girlfrind, my grades have fallen and my mom is threatening to kick me out10/10 perfect way to lose youre sense of time and any idea of what the real world looks like"
,Recommended,427520,27765397,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Riddellikins,It will take your life away.Incredible game.
,Recommended,427520,27767123,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mocha_tino,"Just, beyond a doubt, an amazing and time consuming game for those of us who like to build and progress. If you're a fan of city building or resource managment games, this is one for you. I have easily passed my $1/hour ratio for this game and I constantly continue to play in search of more. I keep searching for more viable and efficient ways to run my factory and I have some kind of insatiable hunger to test the game's capabilities and logic. Seriously and amazing game.TL;DR: GET IT!"
,Recommended,427520,27767152,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,iucpxleps,This game made me mad. Played almost 60 hrs in the last 10 days lol. I'm like a zombie at work. I dont know if this will have replay value but it earned its price already. Good game.
,Recommended,427520,27767463,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flightminer,"This game is great, It can be excruciationgly monotonous or very exciting. I love it."
,Recommended,427520,27767535,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,50 Million Year Trip,More addictive than Civ.Trains are better than OTTD.Engineering awesomeness. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,27737706,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Michael_311,"MAN, that game deserve more then just 1 award, and  It's get better with time!now we're in waiting for 0.15 version, that will blow our minds, just one more time.For now, lets just stick with 'just 5 more minutes' award."
76561198065030003,Recommended,427520,27736406,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,naked_mike,play this game
76561198010783149,Recommended,427520,27730190,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Koowluh,This game makes you feel proud of what you accomplished. Setting up a production chain never felt so satisfying as in this game.
,Recommended,427520,27727153,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flint Waves,I started and just can't stop
76561197970529023,Recommended,427520,27727461,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,OniHiroshi,"What initially seems a simple game, quickly turns into a complex automation and defense game.  I haven't had much experience with the multiplayer but it could add more options for creative problem solving.  Definitely recommended."
76561198040514799,Recommended,427520,27722878,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Burncore(nep nep),"Best Way to describe it:""Just 5 more Minutes. Then i save and go to bed.........WHY IS THE SUN RISING ALREADY?"""
76561198016518867,Recommended,427520,27728077,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BukvoeD,I want my life back!)
,Recommended,427520,21809749,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TeraBeastX,"Dont often leave reviews. Dont often read them as too many reviewers getting paid and the other kind.... -sat down - turned on pc -scratched balls -died.. beh!!!!Frankly this is a fantastic game , on download instatly i was distracted with the game being under 500mb instantly assuming it was a shallow lump of crud but i was very wrong. This game is very strong on gameplay and machanics . It is very stable so forget the early access thing its rock solid. You can get a feel for what the game is by the well done trailer video but just wanted to add its well worth a gamble getting this as you will be very supprised and delighted. Rare postive review from me :D. Also crazy amount of mods and they are easy to make!Not cons as still early access but a couple of bits i wold like seen on the dev roadmap .-better ending-more power options as if you want a very large factory you need ALOT of power plants-more alien tech and possibly expand on alien ai.Amazing! well done"
76561198046461767,Recommended,427520,21809911,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,mixyad3,"this game can be well descrribed as a combination of advanced minecraft survival mods (tekkit, industrialcraft, things like that), with 90's managment simulators and EVERY FORM OF ADDICTIVE DRUG IN EXISTENCE.itsratherfairlyprettygoodgreatreally greatAMAZINGANDYOUSHOULDTOTALLYBUYITNOWBECAUSEONLYSHUUSHMYLYFEISGANEBECAUSEMUMIDONTWANTDINNERINEEDTOKILLTHISSODDINGALIENBEFOREMYFACTORYISGOOOOOONE!0/10 didn't eat dinner"
,Recommended,427520,21797779,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,drbern,Great game but you need to really think everything through and be careful.
,Recommended,427520,21798008,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,OfficerTactic™,Epic game!AMAZING !WOW!!! LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
76561198013361117,Recommended,427520,21805867,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,GhostDragon77,EVERYONE MUST TO BUY THIS GAME IMMEDIATLEY!!!
,Recommended,427520,21803516,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,raze24,I have thoroughly enjoyed this game.  I was on the fence about getting it but Im glad I did. A+ will play again
,Recommended,427520,21803521,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Byde,"OK! 2 days and 20 hours of gameplay... I still did everything that I was supposed to but yhen people says this is like a drug, they REALLY MEAN IT!First I though it was just the regular fanboy speech, IT IS NOT.This game holds you like none I've ever saw and makes a great work challenging your brain. You won't be sleeping anymore(seriously, I'm having sleeping problems and I SWEAR I SEE FREACKING FACTORY IN MY DREAMS)you probably WILL spend a lot of time.People who gave a negative score are divided in 3 types:-(5%)Had problem with their pcs-(30%)Didn't get the game at all( started and stopped, seriously, in -30hrs you won't be able to fully understand half of the game)-(65%) Didn't bother to play the game to it's fullest OR just are not the kind of person that likes this game and got carried away buying it just because of the comments.Seriously, if you like strategy OR building OR sandbox OR just to challenge yourself this game is a must, I'm the kind of person that starts playing and gets bored really fast if the game don't have a good structure.100/10, would want to kill everyone that gave a 'not recommend' review."
76561198006538149,Recommended,427520,21801084,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Norcath,"Complex but rewarding game, love it."
,Recommended,427520,21801271,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,RangerZ,inlove.
76561198119613489,Recommended,427520,21801325,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TriggerFinger,If your into manufacturing engineering then this is the game for you8.5/10
76561198020223476,Recommended,427520,21799359,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Brooklyn,I had to uninstall this so that I wouldn't fail my boards.Like taking off a band-aid. It's possible.
76561198057638327,Recommended,427520,21801533,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,kkingbob,great game love it
76561198023576692,Recommended,427520,21807682,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Archaeoptyrix,12 hours in.... first day.. second day? dont know anymorehelluva ton of fun.
,Recommended,427520,21847531,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Big Boss,"preety good so far, cant wait for the full release"
76561198064657145,Recommended,427520,21923523,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,entrapnet,"the graphics really turn me down when i was browsing for it but once i start playing it like few days ago, i started to get addicted and rework on my manufacturing line and researchthe research is damn slow but it can be further improve by doing further research to speed it upoverall, i love this game!hope they will keep on improving it and provide a better end game rather than just send a spaceship"
,Recommended,427520,21909536,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Levi,"Crash land on an alien planet,♥♥♥♥♥♥the locals off by chopping all the trees down and fracking.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,21888929,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ShrunkenQuasar,"Wow. Just bought this game the other day, and I can't put it down. Everything worth saying has already been said in the reviews, so let me just add that this game really is that good."
,Recommended,427520,21950237,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Wubrex,I gained a couple IQ points from playing this game.
,Recommended,427520,21950473,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ψ General Atomics,"great game, stimulating and rewarding. i think there needs to be more things to do after sustainable rocket launches are attained."
,Recommended,427520,21951234,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Greenback,"One of those games you think I'll have a quick hours play then look up and notice it's time for work.You start off with some iron a furnace and a burner drill and you run about collecting stone and chopping down trees, make another 2 burner drills, and that's the start of a factory your mum would be proud of, unless the biters come and ruin your day, who would think poluting their green and pleasant land would upset them"
,Recommended,427520,27750923,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Srobin,"I started the game when it came out on steam, now Trump is President.5/7, would time travel again."
76561197970546997,Recommended,427520,21947878,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Zor,"If you played modded minecraft and loved the sorting, organizing, and automating. You will lose countless hours in this game :)"
,Recommended,427520,30506932,Posted: 14 March,all,Lesting,"Well, I'm at over 120h now and haven't finished the game once...Planning and reorganizing my base till I think it's perfect, only to notice a few minutes after that I have to improve other things. Basically, you don't want to leave your pc anymore and only play this game.Oh yes, and it haves mod support so with the right mods you can easily triple or quadruple your playtime.I'm kind of addicted now.Will maybe take a break after the next 100h ... or just play another 100 after that... and another... and anot..."
76561198334730655,Recommended,427520,30517200,Posted: 14 March,all,Geoclasm,"I remember playing ""The Incredible Machine"" when I was in school. I loved that game. THIS game feels reminiscent to me of THAT game, only with the option to fight aliens.If I had to describe it in the form of ""X meets Y"" I'd say it's ""Minecraft meets Starcraft"" - Open world exploration gameplay combined with RTS gameplay."
,Recommended,427520,30516922,Posted: 14 March,all,Mole,I ... So many hours ... This game! Buy it already!
,Recommended,427520,30514014,Posted: 14 March,all,ctlordmario,"Worth the money. An amazing game for one that is Early Access. A complex game with much to do and many different problems to overcome. Great online play, too."
,Recommended,427520,30514775,Posted: 14 March,all,gwfluffy,Better than Half Life 3.
76561198235305432,Recommended,427520,29213734,Posted: 12 January,all,4thofJulychicken,"*Wakes up*FACTORIO*Goes to sleep*nevermind, can't go to sleep.FACTORIO*Eats*FACTORIO*REAL WORLD?*NO, FACTORIO.*NEEDS HELP*Yep."
76561197967083937,Recommended,427520,29223482,Posted: 13 January,all,Nodcomandr,"This is easily one of the most addicting games out there. The premise of the game is simple, yet extremely complex. You've crash landed on an alien world and you need to get off. So how do you escape? You build your way up to a rocket!Most of the challenge in the game lies in automating everything. You can mine resources, which in turn can be used to build components, which in turn can be used to build more components, etc, etc. But why mine it by hand? Instead, build a mining unit, then create some transport belts to move the mined resources to smelters. Then use robotic arms to move the resources into the smelter and back out as a crafted good. Then use more belts to move them along to crafting stations to make more items. And so on.Some of the recipes are extremely complex and require a ton of ingredients. You also have to research new technology and unlock new things to get to higher tiers in the game.If this all sounds easy but time consuming, well there's one more tidbit - aliens. As you build up, you'll create pollution. The native wildlife doesn't like pollution so they will come and attack you. You need to use turrets, armor, tanks, walls, robots, etc, etc, to defend your base.This is easily one of the best indie games out there. If you're on the fence on this one, don't think, just buy it. You won't regret it.One last thing - kudos to the devs for selling it for $20 instead of the normal 19.99 garbage. I really like that."
,Recommended,427520,28764309,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheDeadlyDolphin,"Its like minecraft but instead of mining for hours on end, you get a robot to do it automatically.Then you upgrade the automation.Then you automate the automation.Then you get up off your chair, and you've played it so long you forget what year it is.I rate it 692 / 10=)"
,Recommended,427520,27343215,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sibeir,"While initially the price might be high for something silly, but after playing for a while you realize how great this game is. And if you don't know if this game is for you, check out the demo."
,Recommended,427520,29237692,Posted: 13 January,all,🎃 Colind8 🎃,"Iron production went slow, so I made more electric mining drills. Later noticed power was short and went to my steam engines to figure out what was wrong. Apparently my boilers were not getting any coal, so I built an extra drill. During that, my radar got destroyed by a biter.After all of this my gear production is very small.10/10 would run out of iron again."
76561198118311164,Recommended,427520,29236649,Posted: 13 January,all,Fireax12,Dank
,Recommended,427520,29239764,Posted: 13 January,all,Allisaurus Is a Bitch,I LOVE YOUR GAME I DIDNT MEAN TO WRITE THE MEAN REVIEW IT WAS A JOKE I LOVE YOU DEVELOPERS OF FACTORIO <3 <3
,Recommended,427520,29188829,Posted: 11 January,all,deathawaits87,Hands down more addictive than crack.
76561198257768207,Recommended,427520,29208161,Posted: 12 January,all,Diablo,"Immensely pleased i brought this game, At first i thought £15.00 for (what looked like) a small game? Nah, however after seeing it alot i thought why not and i gotta say... Its Great. Even though i havent put alot of hours unlike some truly devoted fans (because of school work) its really fun and enjoyable when playing. One reason also i didnt want to buy it is because i thought it wouldent have much content however i was completely wrong.Furthermore ,normally with games i hate having to watch overall 1-2 hours in either youtube tutorials or in game tutorials however iv put alot of time watching other people play to learn from them and i enjoyed it. This is one of my first reviews and this game has a nice community and lots of content...One of my favourite games:D"
,Recommended,427520,29181817,Posted: 11 January,all,lukerm,It's the best game I have I've only had for 5 days and I already have 35 hours (including al my reagular activities) best $25you'll spend
76561198352159328,Recommended,427520,29173592,Posted: 10 January,all,Sir Horus,This game is so satisfying when your creation works and is self automated.
76561198110148412,Recommended,427520,22245382,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,gashbash,"from my experiences, it has been a good game. But the multiplayer is ip based which is kind of a turn off but oh well. (meaning there are no servers) great game though :)"
,Recommended,427520,29170738,Posted: 10 January,all,UltraMark,"After 176 hours of gameplay and many, many moons I did it: I've launched my first Rocket!All it took was some iron ore and some wood. And you put it in an oven. And it burns to become a plate. And the plate becomes steel. And from steel comes bullets. And with bullets and fire you fight the aliens. With armor! With turrets! With robots! With frieking tanks!If you like building, optimizing, tinkering and the occasional gunfire; this game is for you!"
,Recommended,427520,29176982,Posted: 10 January,all,ripperoni pupperoni,"This is the type of game that I would expect to have a love/hate relationship with, but for some reason I can play for 13 hours straight and not hate it at all.  It can seem so overwhelming at first, with all the tech and stuff you have to produce to even begin to hope to beat the game, but there is always something to do. You will never feel like you are just grinding endlessly for some arbitrary and far out goal. You are rewarded at every stage with new things to build, toys to play with, or areas to explore.It feels like Ark: survival evolved, with all the tech trees and weapons and tools you can build, but its not a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like Ark. Factorio is a wonderful game."
,Recommended,427520,29235655,Posted: 13 January,all,NewtownChris,Amazing
76561197971205273,Recommended,427520,29235953,Posted: 13 January,all,Chilli Dog,"Factorio is a game about using automated machines, conveyor belts and handlers to build increasingly complex items that you need to survive in a hostile world.  The basic elements (and graphics) are simple but the head spinning complexity comes from how you put the bits together. It is incredibly addictive to play and tinker with your machines (I just need to get some more copper wire going to my electronics plant so that it can keep up with my ammunition building factory etc). The alien attacks are easy enough to deal with (at least early on) that you can focus on machine building but add a nice compulsion to progress and improve (I can't wait till I can build my own laser turrets).If I am being a bit picky the UI feels a little clunky and not quite as intuitive (or like other games as you might like). E.g I am used to right clicking to clear what I am currently holding with the cursor (in this game you press Q). However, once you get used to the control scheme it's not a problem. The other frustration (although its one I support) is that you are a person in the game and you are only allowed to build within a radius of yourself. If you are used to Sim City style games this takes some getting used to as you need to keep walking around the map to build things. However, I think it adds to the gameplay as it makes you feel more personally invested when you can see yourself and I think it has the ability to add to gameplay - I'd love to build a load of laser turrets right by the alien nest but it requires me to get there to build them and I keep getting swarmed by the aliens if I go to close.Overall I highly recommend this game even in Early Access - it is stable and all the features currently povided work fine and provide many hours of gameplay. It is easily expanded as the developer adds more components which seems to be happening on a regular basis. If you are not already sold try the FREE DEMO it will make your mind up for you."
,Recommended,427520,29234085,Posted: 13 January,all,kozic144,just got the game and i love it but if you don't want think this game not for you
76561198041152143,Recommended,427520,29230329,Posted: 13 January,all,pwconnell,Polished gameplay. Original atmosphere. Well priced. You can tell something is a truly great game when you associate certain memories or feelings with it. Never write reviews but I think this game deserved it. I have played every type of game to death so really struggle to find games that I enjoy nowadays but this game was incredible. I completely lost myself in it.
76561198081923660,Recommended,427520,29188882,Posted: 11 January,all,layne1665,"Factorio is an amazing game that is both fun and addictive. If you have a free weekend, and happen to purchase this game, don't plan on leaving your computer all weekend."
76561198214596561,Recommended,427520,27221829,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dionkdino,it's very complex and gives you a challenge from time to time.
76561198037421691,Recommended,427520,27207080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheTechnomancer,"Wow. Such building. Very productivity.In all seriousness, this game is awesome and you should play it."
,Recommended,427520,27203229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Undtot [Milluminati],If you start playing it you cannot stop
,Recommended,427520,27203509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,uncondensed,"At first glance I ignored it.  I was wrong, so very wrong...This game will devour every moment you give to it and you will be begging to play more.Don't let the ""Early Access"" label fool you.  This game has been in development since 2012 and is very fully featured."
76561198062823456,Recommended,427520,25433653,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,129828,"Dont buy this game, it will take your soul, you sleep and your life because you need to improve your factory at all time. AAAAALLLLL time.........."
76561198020637326,Recommended,427520,27198631,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,victorsavu3,Great game
,Recommended,427520,27199031,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stardude900,"Fantastic game, very hard to stop playing and not come back 5 minutes later to complete just one more factory segment"
,Recommended,427520,27198148,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wut's bloody_trumpet,Factorio? More like Cracktorio
,Recommended,427520,27198260,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ghiest,Be prepared to lose allot of your free time ...*Constant updates.*Constant communcation from developers*New features add consistently (but not all at once to break things)*plays well on a potato laptop*Insanely addictivecannot overstate how good this game is :)
76561197963524474,Recommended,427520,27196944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suture,Can be as simple or as complex as you want it to be.Good mod community.Hard to stop playing after started.
76561197979990173,Recommended,427520,27202121,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PROFI,There is always something to optimze :D
,Recommended,427520,27201140,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sir lancey boy,Fantastic time sink of a game
76561198079844757,Recommended,427520,30933139,Posted: 3 April,all,BWAHBWAHBWAH,Great in depth game with awesome mod content
,Recommended,427520,27172893,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MAT4DOR,"Very cool game! Played it for countless hours, in the first weeks!"
,Recommended,427520,27183964,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jules,"Just need to finish this pipeline and then I'll log off.- Damn no Pipes left, I'll just head back to the production line.- See iron plate consumption has increased- Optimise factory to produce more plates- Need more iron ore- Create new mining camp with interconnecting train line- low power- create new power grid- low copper- Better head back to the production line...- Rinse and repeat...and it's 4am."
76561197992528387,Recommended,427520,27184039,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Piz,Factorio is fun if you like factory sims a++ would sim again
,Recommended,427520,27563743,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grenade71822,"Factorio is my ""I need 2 to 8 hours of my day to disappear in the best way possible game""I easily can play it for hours and not know that its time to go to work.The tech trees and well planned, updates are frequent, and the Firday Facts dev blog is pretty informative.I would compare it to Undertale that graphics arent everything and this is a good game that shows it. I purchesed slightly after the release of 0.12, and the updates contine to amaze. For 20$ its a good price. If Factorio on sale it's a must buy."
76561197961907767,Recommended,427520,27563819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,.iq,"The moment you realise that you tried hard to not like the game for the 2D graphics, but that was 100 hours ago.Also: Built a rocket to shoot a freakin fish into space. Time to test all the mods."
,Recommended,427520,27535317,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MoonMan,Like building and fighting aliens? Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,427520,27535592,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GITyler,"TL;DR: Buy.This game was a great surprise. Simple enough to pick up, complex enough to hold my attention, enough opposition for a challenge, and an incredibly satisfying scratch for my innate itch for efficiency. Now I'll just restructure this review real quick with a better, streamlined version up front to channel purchases..."
,Recommended,427520,27547406,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ven,"A speedrunning game of how quickly you can hollow out the earth, polluting it in the process and ditching it."
,Recommended,427520,27561368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Overflow,"Very addictive, you can easily spend hours at a time playing this. It can get very complicated after a while though, but that's part of the fun."
,Recommended,427520,27563176,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,btomasulo,Battling the effects of the climate change you've caused hasn't been this much fun since Alpha Centauri.  A 2D top down open world crafting game with a focus on automation.
,Recommended,427520,27563286,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Larry the Cucumber,Best implementation of early access I have seen to date.  Devs listen to feedback and are constantly optimizing the program.  Fantastic updates and open betas.  You will keep playing until you realize you're late for work/school/ your wedding.
,Recommended,427520,27575418,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheManofSpiel,I cannot get enough of this game! Everytime I get my automation perfect I unlock something newth taprompts me to redo the whole thing!!
76561197989020077,Recommended,427520,27575813,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JahIstBer,"Went in to work on a Saturday morning, having 5 tasks taking 5 minutes each to complete, with necessary 20 minute wait steps in between.SAT11AM Sat down ""to take a break"" after completing task # 1 and opened factorio for the first time during the first break.SAT11PM Got up to go eat breakfast. Did not complete tasks 2-5 yet.SUN6AM went home and because sunrise and slept. Did not complete tasks 2-5 yet.SUN8AM woke up and back to factorio. Did not complete tasks 2-5 yetMON5AM slept 2 hours before going to work. Slept a total of 16 hours the rest of the week."
76561198042460385,Recommended,427520,27571765,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SeaDeere,It's a good game
,Recommended,427520,27571867,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robzilla,"I never thought would game would jazz me. But now that I have spent over 111 hours on this game, I can confidently say STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY LEAVE THIS PAGE NOW IF YOU WANT TO SAVE YOUR SOUL SATAN LIVES IN THIS GAME TO SUCK ALL YOUR TIME AND MAKE YOU DREAM ABOUT TRANSPORT BELTS AND ROBOTS"
76561197985470449,Recommended,427520,27564498,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,joeylockie,This is a great game to wast your time on. Have spent way to many hours planning out my base and building using the sandbox mode then any one should
,Recommended,427520,27572281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Da_Izzy,Easly got lost in this game
76561198018209260,Recommended,427520,27643984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JS,"Factorio is not a game for everyone's taste, but those who like this type of game will find no better incarnation anywhere. It generates a type of fun that is unique to this game, and if it is your cup of tea, you will become insanely addicted."
,Recommended,427520,27640969,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,devour me,"Nominated for ""Just 5 More Minutes."""
76561198046045060,Recommended,427520,27641259,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Devilhunter,Factorio is a game that you just can't stop playing because just got to build one more mining outpost or just build more machines to produce more things for you.
76561198225937644,Recommended,427520,27667281,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alex8728,The only bugs I've seen are the ones that attack you...Fantastic alpha.
,Recommended,427520,27662202,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DickSlayer47,"This game is interesting and hooking. It keeps your mind working and rewards you for it. Visually stunning. I have enjoyed the game massively and will keep playing it, with or without my friends."
76561197977098482,Recommended,427520,27689310,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Drelen,"Time will melt away but, you will have a railroad :)"
,Recommended,427520,27689323,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Whimx0rz,"If you're thinking about buying this game, dont question it...its totally worth it$20/10"
,Recommended,427520,27681799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NoahWanger,"This game requires knowlege, engineering, and logicstics.I would recomend it if you like building up from the bottom and letting your logical creativity flow."
,Recommended,427520,27687271,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,トラップはゲイです,About as addicting as crack cocaine and Oreos.11/10 would recommend
,Recommended,427520,27687312,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Madpeter,A great way to lose 70+ hours without noticing
,Recommended,427520,27709113,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PixelJonas,This game holds every promise it gives!
,Recommended,427520,27709214,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheMasterEngineer,"Seems simple but is endlessly complex. Nominated for the ""5 more minutes"" award."
76561198079380468,Recommended,427520,27690855,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♦ halO ♦,Addictive to the Top! Use your holidays for it...;)
76561197972938467,Recommended,427520,27847042,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ErikH,"I really like this game. If you like building games but don't like fighting (a lot), this might be your game ( tip: turn off aliens attacking first). If you like to watch something running completely automatic after you spent hours building it, like your toy train system, this might be up your alley (and you can run trains here too). There is no penalty for rebuilding stuff, e.g. removing caching wooden boxes that messed up your wonderful production cycle, or disassembling a huge mining facility to rebuild somewhere else. I love the blueprint system, although I think it comes a little too late in the game."
,Recommended,427520,27847051,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,♥ ~ Kittaye ~ ♥,Satisfying
76561198027076842,Recommended,427520,27847189,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nemumancer,Really the definition of just 5 minutes.
,Recommended,427520,27848710,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✪ Frey,"Very addictive, bought it for a friend, but debating if I peer pressured him into doing Cracktorio for the first time."
76561198093876974,Recommended,427520,27849053,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,potatohead489,"If you enjoy mangement style games, play this."
,Recommended,427520,27845588,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Peter Cyran,This game. This game is amazing..So amazing infact that I have no idea when the sun started rising.Also where did my family go?7/7 Would buy again.
76561197982408939,Recommended,427520,27842357,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Guru,worth it
,Recommended,427520,27853048,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bullet Ferret,Automation is your friend this game starts out small and works its way up to a huge self running factory. Mods for this just expand the experience and it is addicting
76561198052950119,Recommended,427520,28251090,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Lord,"I once tought that I should improve my green science layout, 10h later and I still havent touched blue science.10/10Would rebuild my science setup again."
,Recommended,427520,28343030,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Rapiant,awesome game
76561198093141431,Recommended,427520,28612447,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Litorom1,The best tech game ever 😄 :-)
,Recommended,427520,28612649,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mango Tango Crisis,"Factorio is a truely addictive game. There is never a dull moment as there is always something to make quicker, more efficient or upgrade. Easy to learn and hard to master. At its core facorio is a game about mining raw resources, making those resources what you want and transport resources."
76561198113394150,Recommended,427520,28613713,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,🐎Yiff.Lover@TheYiffGallery.com🐎,This game is sosimplistic and yet so amazing. Almost any computer can run it. Even toasters. One of my favorite game ever.
,Recommended,427520,28613976,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ajacstern,It's a really good game and at a fair price.
76561198005622828,Recommended,427520,28577552,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,switchguy0,This is a truely excellent game. The Devs are constantly adding more functionality and there is a great modding community.
76561198104352196,Recommended,427520,26621337,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,goldb115,5/7
,Recommended,427520,28570453,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,fenlokken,"As I write this review, I have played around 90 hours of Factorio, had a lot of fun and still I feel like I barely scratched its surface.If you like problem solving, programming or engineering, I recommend it.Otherwise, it might not be the perfect game for you.Anyway, you can try the demo and see if matches your taste.10/10"
76561198299208442,Recommended,427520,28711796,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheGaminPenguin,Factorio is a enjoyable game online or offline i think the makers havr done a brilliant job
,Recommended,427520,26742822,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Das Zwerg,"This game is genuinely the single most addictive game I've ever played. You get the create massive industrial factories, and automate the whole thing using trains, robots. Adding to that, defence and military production, this game never gets old. The satisfaction of automation coupled with pleasing graphics and an industrial ambiance.10/10 I cannot think of a better way to spend $20."
76561197968451531,Recommended,427520,29040587,Posted: 5 January,all,Virtech,"Bought the game thinking it would be like most games where I play about 10 hours and never make it back...  Not the case.  I played about 20 hours over a few days, took a break and came back a week or two later and played another 30 before finishing my first play through.  I'll probably take a break but I have no doubt I'll be back again for another go."
,Recommended,427520,29043878,Posted: 5 January,all,Flutterfinar,"Do you like solving problems you have just created for yourself? This is the perfect game for you. Most of time I've spend trying to understand what did I wrong and why is everything refuses to work as inteneded and more resembles complete disaster - it'sexactlylike my whole life.Seriously, though, Factorio is a great game, challenging and entertaining. The only downside - it is so entertaining that it can be very time consuming - you have been warned."
76561198029945015,Recommended,427520,29038087,Posted: 5 January,all,PlenusRedemptio,"The short version: 9.8/10The long version: Anyone who in the 90's was a fan of Ninja Turtles and played Turtles in Time on the SNES knows exactly how i feel about this game, they got everything right about TMNT on that game, and the developers of Factorio got everything right about construction, management and strategy play. Every system and sub-system is well-thought-out, and apart from other building games in Factorio i never said to myself ""I wish i had ""X"" to connect these assemblers better"" it is indeed a game where the developers thought about everything, all the way to the bottom on the in's and out's of how to create a supply chain up to the top with complex assembly lines inter-connected to eachother. So to the pros and cons;PROS:-Exquisite gameplay(but not for everybody).-Top-notch design.-Most glitch-free game i've ever seen.-Actually makes you think.-Not redundant on several playthroughs.CONS:-The graphics are appealing but lack high resolution-You cant change the resolution of the game(if you are a multi-tasker like me it's impossible to have Factorio and another program side-by-syde)-The game is quiet(some people like it, i don't) but there's sporadic high-pitched noises when the aliens attack, i find that very annoying.-The robots AI could be a little better.-Tutorial only teaches the bare-bones, guide reading is a must.It's a lot of nitpicking, no game is perfect, but Factorio surely pushes the boundaries of how good a game can be, and hey...I got 63 hours on Fallout 4, and more than 40 so far on Factorio and i'm still in my first full playthrough....that means something. Thank you for reading and goodnight."
76561198094385481,Recommended,427520,29100894,Posted: 7 January,all,Murphy,One word to describe this game. Timewaster.If you have 2 or 3.............ok who am I kidding if you have nothing to do that day just play this game. The fact that this game makes you use your head instead of the norm of saying do something and you do that and the feeling as you see bitters build a nest near you base and realize you have to take them out before♥♥♥♥♥♥hits that fan. If you like games like openttd or simutrains and enjoy rimworld then this game is for you.
,Recommended,427520,29098733,Posted: 7 January,all,Hellfire01,absolutly awsome !!!!!
,Recommended,427520,29096489,Posted: 7 January,all,stickdeoderant,Great game! Completely worth the money!
76561198127493301,Recommended,427520,29094756,Posted: 7 January,all,zapper,this game is so addicting and fun
76561198136053450,Recommended,427520,29044916,Posted: 5 January,all,ThatOneGuy,"We all find time to be very valuable, but factorio will not stop until all our time on this earth is gone, it will smelt your time, put it on a conveyer belt and turn it into a rocket, which at that point you win the game, but only for a snack break and then you will hit ""new game"" and you will have lost your job, friends, family, and health by morning. (10/10, this game will consume humanity)#try demo first, its like the gateway drug."
,Recommended,427520,28822925,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mystic BADWOLF,"A fantastic game. A great time passer if you enjoy games where you can kick back, turn on some music, and start grinding. The main appeal of this game to me is that everytime you ppick the game up and put it back down, it feels like you have acomplished something."
,Recommended,427520,28814987,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bradelele,"With the limited time I have on this game at the time of review, I can safely say that it was worth my 20 bucks and that I plan to spend many more hours enjoying this game."
76561198030323364,Recommended,427520,28822610,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ツ,addicting
76561198005877222,Recommended,427520,28813326,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mongeonc,Just great!!
76561198049920624,Recommended,427520,28809056,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sstriker,Great game addictive and a great way to spend an afternoon
,Recommended,427520,28800335,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Foxxeevee,"This game is so great! When I start playing, I just don't want to stop. It is an awesome game if you love logical thinking. I can't way for more and what it has instore for the future updates."
,Recommended,427520,28815581,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Slipabatch,10/10 would recommend bring friends stay home kids
,Recommended,427520,28815687,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,otakufreakmonkey,"I've followed the game for awhile. I've been burnt many times by games that look interesting, but I get bored after a few hours. So I got a ""copy"", installed it around 4pm, suddenly it was 1am. Next day I bought a copy on Steam. Support the developers. Now to get back to my game."
76561198036226081,Recommended,427520,28816003,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ZaK5o,Love this game!!!!! one of the greatest of all times!!!!! The game is limitless. My base has over 1200 rockets launched and im still going!!!! never gets old!!! Best game for its value ever!!!!
,Recommended,427520,28919757,Posted: 1 January,all,Fireproof,Best game ever.
,Recommended,427520,29068759,Posted: 6 January,all,Borat Sagdiyev,This game is as fun and addicting as it is ugly
76561198000479852,Recommended,427520,29068764,Posted: 6 January,all,Andrew7588,"I've got nearly three THOUSAND hours logged in the game - out of the last 336 hours, its been running for 207 of them. There's a reason for that (well actually a lot of reasons).I actually rank Factorio as the best game I've ever played. It has a weird quality where the better you're doing, the less you do because the object is to automate as much as possible - logisitcs, manufacturing, resource processing, everything.Its a game I tend to play in phases - I'll start a play through, establish the first phase of basic resource production, leave it overnight for the resources to build up. Next day I'll come back to a massive reserve, build up another phase, overnight it again. On average I get 240 hours of game time out of every playthough.Then there's the longevity, which thanks to mods is massive. Right now I'm running over 50 mods, ranging from some subtle things like extra research grades (like pushing robot speed upgrades to 30 instead of 10) or larger stack sizes (200 instead of 50) to complete rework mods (specifically for me Bob's mods which ups the complexity level of the game titanically (takes the base resources from 5-6 to over 20 and the tech levels from 3 to in some cases 9)). The mod library really is amazing - if there's something you feel isn't developed enough or that you don't like, you can probably find a mod to get it how you like (i.e. I found nighttime a bit too dark - so I found a mod that made them brighter. One of my mods added a lot of loot dropped by enemies that are used in research. Physically collecting them or designating them for robots grew tiresome so I have a mod that does it for me).And this game is still in development. There is a major update every few months, usually focusing on something specific - 0.14 was focused on multiplayer improvements, 0.13 was heavy on reworking existing entities and adding new ones. The dev's post weekly blog updates about what they've been doing that week or a given topic that's being worked on. And they're real perfectionists - in one of their blog posts the Dev talked about how he will spend days running the game, looking at what is taking the largest amount of processing time and then streamlining the code for it. Because of that, the game is incredibly responsive. I've had times with hundreds of structures, and literally tens of thousands of robots ON SCREEN and using the dev console, I can still accelerate the game up to 3x normal speed (60fps, 180 ticks per second), in the early game, I can get it up to 20x. Even my laptop, which is only IntelHD integrated graphics can run it at 5x speed without batting an eyelid.And in multiplayer, there have been instances of games with 400 players in them with no appreciable lag.I literally have no reservation about this game."
76561198052594884,Recommended,427520,28813562,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[Big Chig] Ben Carson,"Almost 40 hours in 3 days. 10/10 would build factory againUPDATE:It's been a week and I have reached 80 hours.  That's 11.5 hours a day, I have spent more time playing this than working or sleeping on any given day. 10/10 would old meme again."
76561198306804036,Recommended,427520,29075144,Posted: 6 January,all,AlphaYT,the game is amazing...
,Recommended,427520,29075788,Posted: 6 January,all,Touch Mike,"Good fun, especially multiplayer. Played 8 hours on the first day."
,Recommended,427520,29076237,Posted: 6 January,all,Malix,"Basically Transport Tycoon (-ish), with guns and co-op.All my yes."
76561198035681009,Recommended,427520,29081320,Posted: 7 January,all,darkmage15,"OK, I'm going to address my fellow Minecraft Mod players on this one:Do you like ""automation"" and ""factory""-type Minecraft mods (Thermal Expansion, Applied Energistics, Computer Craft, etc)? Do you like the feeling of ""teching up"" that such mods provide and the sense of satisfaction that comes from making a super efficient, multi-layered industiral complex?This is pretty much that, refined and distilled. The game foxues on efficient resource mining and logistical management, always seeking to automate as much as possible with more efficient technology. You build more and better machines that let you gather more resources, with the eventual goal of launching a rocket into space to escape the world.One interesting bit is that depending on what kind of power production you use, the environment can get damaged. As it gets damaged more, alien monsters increase in both number and ferocity, so you need to make better defenses to protect your base.As noted, this game is focused on the production process more then survival or hunter/gathering. You don't have to worry about finding the resources much: no digging down, as this is a 2D world, and the resource supply is usually very abundant. Nor do you need to worry about survival - there are enemy aliens and armor/weapons to fight with, but no hunger meter or similar to bog you down with mundane eating, sleeping or similar.As stated, a great game for those of us who like making automated resource manufacturing centers in Minecraft. I've enoyed it so far, and can't wait to see what new content the devs release!"
,Recommended,427520,29077986,Posted: 6 January,all,SpikeGD,"Ok, I haven't made a review in way too longand this game deserves one, so here we go...Factorio is a strategic building game wherethe sole purpose is to make automatedmachines. The game is chock-full of content,even though it is still in early access. This gamehas, like, way too many hours of replayabilitybecause of how diverse and unique each worldyou get is. I FULLY recommend this game foranyone who likes a little bit of engineering."
,Recommended,427520,29088888,Posted: 7 January,all,FlamingoCatcher,its legit. this is $20. not $19.99. this is my ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,427520,29089102,Posted: 7 January,all,Jidevag,"I love this game because of the high-tech stuff and things you can do in the game, its nothing you learn in an hour like other games, Ive played 5 hours now and i feel like there is so much i havent figured out. Its like you can do anything in this game.Things i want to see better:- Graphics, Its OK but when i zoom in it is kinda hard to see what it is.- Better soundtrack.This has alot of potential, i hope the developers make this game good as its only in Early-access stage."
76561198058995642,Recommended,427520,29859800,Posted: 11 February,all,axlebreaker,I'm Dumb as foop but even I love it.
,Recommended,427520,29851576,Posted: 11 February,all,Epicleptic,yes yes good good
,Recommended,427520,29851835,Posted: 11 February,all,Levelman123,Great game. cant wait to see where it goes.
76561198009782895,Recommended,427520,29857025,Posted: 11 February,all,GabberDoesLinux,nice timesink
,Recommended,427520,29853047,Posted: 11 February,all,Admiral Mortig,"Amazing game for those with a mind for puzzels and building, may drive environmental minded folk a bit nuts at first."
76561198005836295,Recommended,427520,29878478,Posted: 12 February,all,Koosalagoo,This game has a way of drawing you in for hours. Strongly recommended!
,Recommended,427520,29872674,Posted: 12 February,all,Gareaap,Great fun game. the gameplay is fun and you keep learning new things about and and keep finding ways to optimize your factory. The dev team is also amazing and constantly updating the community on what is going on. A solid recommend!
,Recommended,427520,29876566,Posted: 12 February,all,crow,fun ocd game
,Recommended,427520,29871499,Posted: 12 February,all,Bmxbike08,My friend convinced me to buy this after I told him it looked boring.I played for what seemed like a couple hours.I checked steam overlay for the time.I had spent over 7 hours playing.End of story.
76561197993064847,Recommended,427520,29874977,Posted: 12 February,all,KoekFabriek,I have no life anymore
,Recommended,427520,29899757,Posted: 13 February,all,madsny,"RATE 7/10i really enjoyed Factorio, super fun building ""survivor"" game, but it quickly found it a purposeless task to micromanage resources, belts, factories etc. now for some building up a self sustainable factory may be enough, admittedly i was fun the first time, but after a few plays i miss a more solid purpose or enemy to tackle, while progression and expanding though the vast wilderness of the map, i would LOVE to see more RTS / tower defense mechanics to this game, an aggressive enemy that constantly attack you, you'll have to defend your base, constantly gathering resources, build bigger weapons, ammo, fences, walls etc. expand into new areas for more and rare resources such as oil, plutonium etc. if the game could bring that to the table, it would for sure tickle my gamer-gene to play again and again, the game critters is a good example of this.Dear mr. developers, you got a frigging awesome game with fantastic mechanics, but please add more traditional RTS gameplay so the game would be purposeful and fun to play :).to everyone else, this game is absolutely worth playing, despite you may only want to play it a few times like me, it was still super enjoyable, tricky at times but fun."
76561198076098723,Recommended,427520,29932339,Posted: 14 February,all,Spoopy,"Okay, I'm gonna cut to the details here.First of all, its a great game (one that I don't actually mind being in early development) especially with all the little features such as management, mass production, and loads more. But on top of small stuff, this game isn't annoying, you can play with friends, you can mod it with out big issues (extremely modular), and it has a great community. Second of all, its worth ever penny. I am very hesitant to buy games in general but since this was another 2d game that came out when most other 2d hype games did, I was even more hesitant to even try it. But after a month of hearing some friends talk about it, I gave it a shot. And since then, I've been playing it often. Now to be honest, I did actually pirate it before getting it, but I felt like an♥♥♥♥♥for doing that to the developers (who are very nice and hard working with the community) and I went ahead an bought it.If any one of you is hesitating for any small reason, don't. Its worth it and its very fun. But with all tha being said, get mods, play with friends, and enjoy!"
76561198330131853,Recommended,427520,29931021,Posted: 14 February,all,Lord_Deathikus,"I recommend it, I got bored of it in a snap. Although my friends pull me right back into it. I loved it and still do, mostly since it just isn't my type of game I was thinking of. I don't think that price was worth it though, I wish I hadn't used that 20 dollars for this game, in my opinion at least. But overal, don't take my review bad, it is a good game, an amazing one with a nice 2-5 minute installation. But I thought it just had some low points where you have to be very patient or you would get triggered.Thank you and have a great day."
76561197972743620,Recommended,427520,29931143,Posted: 14 February,all,Daunmi,"Oh GOD this game is addictive for anyone who likes trying to perfect a production queue.Great on RAM and CPU resources, you'll be able to create massive sprawling factories without stressing out even low end hardware."
,Recommended,427520,29915368,Posted: 13 February,all,Ozymandias,"Brilliant!if you like tinkering, building, or exploring the possible this game is awesomeI've personally lost probably over 100 hours to it between my steam edition and the pirated copy i tested before buying... highly highly recommend its a small dev team and they could use all the support and love they can get.Definite Buy for anyone who enjoys strategy, building, exploring, or tinkering[Edit] Actually I know for a fact its well over 100 hours because i have a map on my pirated copy with almost 72 hours alone, much less what I've poured into my steam copy"
76561198022991253,Recommended,427520,29915400,Posted: 13 February,all,colli26i,SImple additive..... if i were married i would probably end up divorced!  its damn worth it!
76561197992131223,Recommended,427520,29923030,Posted: 14 February,all,Quantum,"The first time you played Civilization, the first time you played Minecraft Beta, the first time you played KOTOR, I longed for that feeling.  After 3 hours of playing this game, that feeling was reanimated, enough to make me want to do something I never do, write a comment.  This game has that magic.  It can be played as simplistically or as complex as you want to play it.  It's the best $20.00 I've ever spent on a game."
,Recommended,427520,29918562,Posted: 14 February,all,FacTjorio,"Factorio is a fun factory based game where you just snowball into larger an larger builds, and larger and larger problems.as they say: 34 bugs in the base, shift things around, gun them all down, 87 bugs in the base..."
76561197999056985,Recommended,427520,22509065,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Gamer61,"This game is a resource managers wet dream. I've barely scratched the surface of the resources and game, 13 hours in. I love this game. Build factories which produce goods which produce higher level goods which produce higher level goods.. you get the idea. Enemies which occasionally attack your base, lots of weapons to defend with, research, it's all there!"
76561198019124081,Recommended,427520,29989969,Posted: 17 February,all,Timestopper,"Amazing game with great potential, too bad it's missing a proper lategame, but worth the 20€"
,Recommended,427520,22934735,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Cattman423,11/10 would have nightmares about suboptimal buildsalso what decade is this?
,Recommended,427520,28997066,Posted: 3 January,all,Zerzy,This game is a great challanging game to play with friends
76561198070510797,Recommended,427520,28997433,Posted: 3 January,all,Puchard,"Don't let the graphics turn you away because it is highly addicting.The game has a progression system that is very easy to understand but requires an understanding in placement of your machines to achieve maximal efficiency.You'll easily sink in hours, because you know exactly what you have to do and it requires preemptive analysis of where you place your machines."
76561197998135935,Recommended,427520,28998747,Posted: 3 January,all,Dr Carotid,"I really like this game. Has a multitude of nuance. Balance is important and the production lines quickly gets very sophisticated whilst still remaining easy to understand. Limited resources and an enemy that guards them adds a level of difficulty - but the focus is still firmly on production, not war. A sobering sense of reality struck when I took my tank and blasted the local ailens to get to the oil - and then build weapons and walls to defend it...The game is similar to the ANNO series - but without the ships - instead the focus is to move around items using conveor belts - and that turns out to be hard."
,Recommended,427520,21559305,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,420% American,It's really ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561198002549199,Recommended,427520,28988314,Posted: 3 January,all,Parsley,The trailer music reeled me in.The beauty of watching my factory produce components to get me off this alien infested hell-hole enticed me to stay.
76561197990116910,Recommended,427520,22107659,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tomik,"I am someone with a very short attention span and chronic levels of disinterest into anything basically. I not only never finish work and things that need to be done, but also things that should normally be fun to do like games. Factorio is the first game in a decade that managed to hook me up to my mouse and keyboard in a regular fashion. I am someone who normally doesn not write reviews..but this one deserves an exception. This game truly does deserve the 'Overwhelmingly Positive - 99%' rating. As a Czech I am very proud of the people at Wube Software (also Czech, HQ in Prague). Well done guys and gals!"
,Recommended,427520,28987598,Posted: 3 January,all,vedym,"extremely addicting. This game is up there with Civilization, witcher 3 and csgo in terms of amount of gameplay you get out of it's measly £15 price tag. Worth every penny and more."
,Recommended,427520,28961050,Posted: 2 January,all,Agent 47,One of the best games i played in a long time O.o
76561198011881748,Recommended,427520,28961067,Posted: 2 January,all,Lazaris,"Despite being early access, this still feels like a finished game. If you are the type of person who likes building in a sandbox world, this is the perfect game to scratch that particular itch. Intellectually challenging and 100% worth the €20 price tag. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,427520,28961093,Posted: 2 January,all,Ya boi Guderian,Once you start you will never want to quit the game.
,Recommended,427520,28957801,Posted: 2 January,all,Sp1d3rSn1p4s,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,427520,28957936,Posted: 2 January,all,PossibleLlama,"Great game, hundreds of hours of play time, always something to improve and make better. Even in alpha state it is a brilliant game and feels polished. Excellent game I cant recommend enough"
76561198142331852,Recommended,427520,28980111,Posted: 3 January,all,J_P_B_1019,extreamley addictive
76561198159169728,Recommended,427520,28980218,Posted: 3 January,all,CopyCat™,feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 201x10/10
,Recommended,427520,28951416,Posted: 2 January,all,Deadbolt,"I've logged over 50 hours on this game in just my first few weeks of playing it, and it just keeps getting better. designing logistical setups is now my favorite thing to do."
76561198008478781,Recommended,427520,28945849,Posted: 2 January,all,Lionel Messi,NEED HELP!!!!Can't escape my PC anymore!!!Don't forgot to send nudes as well. Tie!
,Recommended,427520,28955745,Posted: 2 January,all,Wolf,Finally able to supply my labs with Alien Juice. Greatest acheivment on my steam account.
,Recommended,427520,29004631,Posted: 4 January,all,Ktulu,I didn't buy this game at first as I thought the graphics were really going to hinder the overall experience however I was completely wrong. It is such an addictive game with very high replayability.It's made signifncantly better with the ability to have 4 people running the same map making it even more fun to share ideas factory efficiencies.
,Recommended,427520,28754448,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DeaSTL,This game is similar to the way that C17H21NO4 reacts with the brain.
76561198039995519,Recommended,427520,28754550,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Icarium,"Very logical, very logistical, very fantastical!"
,Recommended,427520,28761789,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AppleCider,10/10rip my free time4 engineers + fun with your peers
76561198020951553,Recommended,427520,28795189,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Devin,"Factorio is an amazing example of a game done right. It provides endless amounts of fun, with the only downside being its ability to make time dissapear"
76561198134190880,Recommended,427520,28819581,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,i will kill you,"as nerd3 says ""its pure cocaine"" and its so true all i see is splitters"
,Recommended,427520,28887062,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Toksicboy,"Old school city building like SimCity was but WAY more advance. Instead of fires, its bugs you have to fight against. Once you get the hang of it and figure out what is going on, its really addictive. Finding videos really helped."
,Recommended,427520,28891135,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RF.Rocknrolles,"Fantastic and I loved every minute of it, finally was able to convince my friends to play :)"
76561198110865437,Recommended,427520,28855708,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,roblfor1.2,"Well worth it, amazing game. Easy to learn, hard to master, but so much depth and fun. I'd suggest it to anyone that enjoys base building, sandbox games, resource gathering, RTS, or anyone looking to get endless hours of factory building and constructing."
76561197992112381,Recommended,427520,28879539,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SnackyCakesIII,"Factorio is simply a fantastic open world crafting game.  You (and your friends) must launch a rocket back into space.  The problem is you start with absolutely nothing and tech wise are extremely primitive.  The bug like inhabitants of the planet do not like you either.  As you begin to progress you can automate pretty much everthing by build supply lines or factories.  The more power you draw and pollution you make, the more that the bugs are aware of your presence and also evolve due to the pollution.  This makes walls and turret defense essential.  The bugs also have bases that you must take out in order to expand.  This game is absolutely excellent.  I know by playing it i need to enjoy it, because the ""its no Factorio"" thought will now be in the back of my mind when playing similar games.  I am playing with 2 friends and we have yet to beat it.  We still have a ways, but are starting to set up trains and advanced research.  Its 20 bucks well spend and devs have said it wont go on sale.  Best multiplayer i have played this year."
,Recommended,427520,28880208,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Steve,"Pretty good for early access.It's got a solid idea and technical mechanics. Gameplay needs some work obviously, but there's still tons of fun to be had even in early access. I wasn't having much fun in the campaign during the last mission and just abandoned it.It's got graphics remniscient of Brood War and Total Annihilation, which are pretty nice.I found myself playing this game into the early hours of the day, the only game to ever have that effect on me was Civilization V.If you like the idea of automating everything or just want to go back to the Brood War or Total Annihilation feel, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,427520,28881858,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ownology,I initially had my doubts about this game. But after playing it through this is probably one of the very few and rare times I purchased a game and felt my money was well spent. I usually buy games here and there but I gave up on single player games becasue they are fun at first but bore me quickly. For some reason this game just ressonates with me. I bought it 6 days ago and I have already put in 85 hours. My holiday vacation is nearing it's end and I will have to balance this game with my work schedule. I just installed a mod and it changes things enough where I don't think I will beat it as quickly as before.
76561198083831300,Recommended,427520,28818175,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,naco,"As a fan of sandbox survival games, I loved this game. The concept of automating processes is unprecedented. Although the multiplayer experience could be improved, cooperation in multiplayer mode is highly recommended. There is a lot of detail in the game, which allows for role playing among the players."
76561198022364931,Recommended,427520,28818196,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,comandercom,"I could let my 400+ hours speak for themselves but, I'll speak anyway. I wouldn't call this game a city builder but, it has many elements of one. You gather reasources which allows the expansion and production of your other facitlies which then allows for expansion of your higer level products. Every time you think you have figured out the best way to go about doing something you find a better way which makes you want to play the game again. If you some how manage to master everything there are plenty of mods which expand the game further. The game is about automation but theres never a lack of things to do.Don't wait for a sale on this one. The devs have made it clear its not likely to happen but, don't let that stop you they deserve your money on this one"
76561197963591639,Recommended,427520,28827850,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,XsiX,"Cractorio, be prepared to stay up for a few nights.One of the best games I have played in years."
76561198210393819,Recommended,427520,28920433,Posted: 1 January,all,Low Tier Memer,Absolutely amazing
,Recommended,427520,29026036,Posted: 4 January,all,Sloggernaut,"Factorio is a wonderful experience. Essentially, you are given a task, and left to this approach said task with little more than the world around you.There is a real sense of satisfaction to be earned in this game. At multiple points you're able to stop for a second and see the scale of what you have achieved. These moments are some of the best moments in a game I've ever had. The first time I made an advanced proccesor, I was elated. I felt like I had won everything. And then twenty hours later I thoight about how awesome I thought a single computer chip was, and I snorted.Right now, in EA, this game I believe has more than enough content to justify its price. However, there is little in terms of a game. Right now, Factorio is a very massive ""grind"", especially towards the endgame, and after completing the game once, there is little reason to go back to it.However, I would think that the kind of person who would complete the game once would be the kind of person to find merit in trying to do it again, but differently. I've played a couple of save files, and although the game is somewhat bare, it was only after about the 60 hour mark that I began really hoping for updates.Overall, my thoughts have been a bit odd, but I think it's because this is an odd specimen. It's not finished, and it's not for everyone, but all the ideas are present, and there's already enough content to justify the price tag.If you're a fan of strategy/puzzle/resource management type games, I think you ought to give Factorio a try. Hopefully you'll find what it has to offer incredibly satisfying.I'd like to say too, that although the game is in Early Access, the devs are very consistent about posting updates to their blog, as well as sharing details about what is going into the mechanics of each patch. Seperate from the game, but the activity is wonderful, and the blogs are actually quite interesting."
76561198145996027,Recommended,427520,29025037,Posted: 4 January,all,Dr. Quaint PHD,"I have always wanted to start my own company and just start out from scratch with machinery and build my way up. Factorio is the PERFECT game for that. With so much complexity, so many technologies, and many ways to automate your system, this is seriously the best game in the genre of factory building. I absolutely love the concept and it is by far one of my favorite games to play to date. And the ability to play multiplayer makes the experience all the better."
,Recommended,427520,29028201,Posted: 4 January,all,<OmniStars> OmniTitan,So far I have forgotten to work because of this game.....well done.
,Recommended,427520,29027867,Posted: 4 January,all,DashProcessor,"NOTE: At the time of writing, I am not past the steep learning curve, so take my opinion with a grain of salt.With that said, the game is good. I have not progressed far, so I'm still finding it quite overwhelming, but I like it, which says something seeing as I am not that much of a fan of full-scale management games. The factory management is well done and varied, and there's always something to fix or modify. I am not yet addicted like the rest of the fanbase seems to be, but thats because I'm still at a very basic level compared to others.I found it very easy to start playing, but I am at a point where I want to continue, but I'm having trouble grasping all the different concepts and wraping my head around planning the different parts of a factory (I still have trouble with automating research, but that's mostly because it takes so darn long to research anything, making it sort of an annoying grind). This is not a simple game. The tutorial starts off strongly, explaining the important basic concepts very well, but then doesnt explain quite enough, which I found frustrating.The enemies in the game are somewhat threatening: they evolve and become more dangerous depending on the amount of pollution your factory outputs, and will conduct raids on your polluting buildings. This means there is an element of strategy to defense, because you'll want to protect your most polluting structures. The aliens start off easy to kill, but apparently get much harder the farther you progress.The art style gives off a nostalgic late 90s early 2000s look, harkening back to the graphics of SimCity 4. I personally enjoy this style; it looks very authentic, and suits the overall gloomy feel of the game. The GUI is in desperate need of a graphical overhaul, but is functional.The soundtrack is ambient and reminds me of World of Goo, and that's a good thing, seeing as it's one of my favorite soundtracks. The Factorio soundtrack combines a classical orchestra with synthesizers, and it sounds very professional. However, at 8.00$, it's a bit pricey.In my measly 19 hours of playing this game, I have only encountered one bug that  was brought on as the result of a patch, but that was fixed the same day. The game is surprisingly polished for an Early Access game.I could probably live off this game if it was the only one in my library. The amount of content is jaw-dropping for an Early Access indie game (although it is apparently lacking a bit in the midgame). It is clear that the people at Wube care about this game and want the community to enjoy it; they've been consistently releasing updates and plans for future updates for the game nearly every week for over 4 years, and they were nice enough to release a free demo that sums up the early game better than this review ever could, so you should absolutely try it. And one extremely minor detail, it costs 25.00$, none of that 24.99 crap. Who does that? Anyway, getting back on track, this game has a huge tech tree, which means you'll have enough content to last 100 hours or soOverall, I give Factorio an 8/10. A great game with fantastic potential, but a couple issues that prevent it from being absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,427520,27445184,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,crackkills,Factorio is a great game for anyone that suffers from OCD.
76561198015537641,Recommended,427520,27513606,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mishu,Clever and addictive game.
76561198017970586,Recommended,427520,33554426,Posted: 15 July,all,GiSo69,"I really love this game. I am playing this from v 0.12.x and with every update, I love this more and more."
,Recommended,427520,33561826,Posted: 15 July,all,PermaFROST,Factorio is a game about building a factory. And it isn't minecraft. 10/10
,Recommended,427520,33596000,Posted: 16 July,all,KrazyCocaPuffs,This game is very fun. You have to put in a lot of time or get some friends to play with you to get many things done. Then finally after completing mostly everything accidently forget to restock your turrets with ammo and lose the game cause everything was destoryed. 10/10 lost my old base. Only good if you have the friends or the time.
,Recommended,427520,33594478,Posted: 16 July,all,GalYurr,A truly superb game for those willing to put the time and energy in.  There's no waiting around for it to get good when starting a new map; all stages of factory develpoment are challenging/rewarding and require constant forward planning.
76561198022264936,Recommended,427520,33597219,Posted: 16 July,all,swiggitywootybootyb,memes
76561198052150860,Recommended,427520,33588892,Posted: 16 July,all,Cadman71,"Very Good Game, Love to play it. Sucks you in really quickly and what was ment to be a quick game of factorio turns into a all nighter."
,Recommended,427520,33588560,Posted: 16 July,all,Hagfish,"Played Game, Lost 75 hours. Trying to cconvince myself not to restart. Multiplayer anyone? :D"
,Recommended,427520,33600718,Posted: 16 July,all,joechiu,"OMG. If you the idea of building a complex system world appeals to you, this game will hook you in.  I somehow managed to spend nearly 20 hours in the first two days of starting this game.  It is not an easy game to put down.  You have been warned."
76561198118930756,Recommended,427520,33603416,Posted: 17 July,all,Rei,"Factorio, deceivingly as simple game, is actually mind boggling depending on how you play. From mining, to stages of process to eliminating the aliens off your fences, there is sure something for your brain  If you have OCD at keeping your yard tidy, this game take a lot of your tine."
76561198172122098,Recommended,427520,30739602,Posted: 25 March,all,Rublue3748,"I have remade this review to reflect the new update that has been released. This is much shorter than the last one.As a person who now has nearly 2000 hours of total play time, I would absolutely recommend this game 100%. This game never truly ends because there is so much micromanagement to deal with! The devs for this game are very active and listen to everyone's ideas and bug reports. This is one of the best games I have seen for a while."
76561198148812690,Recommended,427520,33613041,Posted: 17 July,all,OrdainedEarth68,great game but i would like there to be a way to scrap stuff but it is really fun
,Recommended,427520,33610962,Posted: 17 July,all,Tea,yes
,Recommended,427520,33615682,Posted: 17 July,all,[OGT] Agama,Very actively developed. The devs are very responsive on the forums. I look forward to their Friday posts as well.This game is challenging and requires a lot of thought but it is very rewarding to be able to translate designs from your mind into the actual game and see them work.
,Recommended,427520,33558867,Posted: 15 July,all,squealpig,"Whether you want to just try and get it done, or optimise the smallest of details this game is so much fun!"
,Recommended,427520,33565243,Posted: 15 July,all,James,good but if u make a♥♥♥♥♥♥system at the beginning for things such as iron and copper then you will be ♥♥♥♥ed for the last half of the game but thats my fault I guess
76561198173358411,Recommended,427520,33585092,Posted: 16 July,all,hawiianpunch712,I've never had so much fun being frustrated.
,Recommended,427520,33547238,Posted: 14 July,all,superghost12262,Very addicting logistical/factory game.
76561198006489205,Recommended,427520,32359040,Posted: 11 June,all,Hawkwar,Factorio is an awesome game that is suprisingly addictive. Highly recommended if you dont mind sleepless nights and wonderign where your weekend went.
,Recommended,427520,33550641,Posted: 14 July,all,The Laughing Madman,Just 5 more Minutes(10 Hours Later)There we go oh right i have to do that other thing.
,Recommended,427520,33552966,Posted: 14 July,all,[FANCY] Classy Cat,You will never be more happy with anything you spend $20 on after you buy this guaranteed.
76561198143351393,Recommended,427520,31940637,Posted: 24 May,all,Tomoko,why have friends when you have a factory
,Recommended,427520,31943295,Posted: 24 May,all,dabbing 24/7,"It's a fun game for singleplayer, but it's also fun to play with a lot of people and build a huge factory. Highly recommended!"
76561198113578128,Recommended,427520,22865826,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ping,"Good game, well worth the $20"
,Recommended,427520,31965000,Posted: 25 May,all,Inverness,"A truly magnificent game. It's so well thought out and well put together.I would play the game for a stretch of 4-6 hours in a day, quit, then already want to play more an hour later.I just finished my first play through, which took 57 hours. It was so worth it."
76561198144343897,Recommended,427520,22524767,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,KingOvHell,who needs friends when you have a factory?
76561198092104794,Recommended,427520,30472616,Posted: 12 March,all,DarthMelkor,"Never knew running around in an alien planet could be this fun.Nothing gives you as much pleasure as killing natives with a flamethrower shouting ""It's coming right for us"". Purely for self defence purposes ofcourse.You can forget about real life once you start playing this.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,427520,32010164,Posted: 27 May,all,Sniping,This game might not seem like much. I was debating on buying it or not myself but i did and I'm glad I did.Likes -1. I Havent used them much but mods are really good feature in the game2. The amount of stuff in the game for such a simple game.3. The fact there is a peaceful mode... Definitly not a wimp I don't know what your talking about ... :(4. It's fun to try and figure out how your going to do your factory and messing up and ruining everything because im bad ;DDislikes -1. This is just me... I Don't Like the monsters in this game. There annoying in my opinion (Suggestion: Just play peaceful)2. It could probably use some more things and if i think of anything ill edit this but thats about it...I think you should buy this game but it definitly isnt a game for everyone. Its really easy on a computer. My friends runs it on a laptop so yea.
76561198043537931,Recommended,427520,32009500,Posted: 27 May,all,dpc,I wish I had enough time to actually play it.
76561197963751544,Recommended,427520,31993950,Posted: 27 May,all,loopy,"great game, go get it."
,Recommended,427520,31992941,Posted: 27 May,all,Pandabeer01,"This game is AWSOME AF! If you're like me, reading all the reviews first and really thinking if you are gonna play it. This game is for you! I don't know what this game did to me... First i woke up at 8 am, bought the game and played. Of course the first couple of save games are n00b saves. As you progress through the game you will wonder wehre the last 12 hours went. Also, my pc is so bad.. Im also poor and my pc was like 240 euro's. And i still have 60 fps...??? When i first started a new game i was like, wow ugly map.... 1 hour later i saw what i made! SO F*C*ING COMPLEX! And yet so pretty. This game is #1 of my fav games (number 2 is stardew valley). Just buy it! You just wasted like 2 minutes of your life! Buy it! Now! Leave this review and buy it! Don't read further! I said don't go on reading and buy it! Omg... you dumba$$, GO! You will never get it will you....."
76561198015581347,Recommended,427520,32006978,Posted: 27 May,all,jimmycraw,"It's a fun time filler. You start with the goal of making a rocket launch. Then you decide to go back and see if you can make your design faster, more efficient, and lining trains to around the map. Love playing it with my friends and soon you will be making Excel sheets tracking all the stats. Soon, you will lose track of time, days will go by as you play, making the world better. Seriously, set alarms when you play this game, or that one more project design before turning in for bed will turn into an energy drink as you drive off to work already 2 hours late. Great game!"
76561198002070491,Recommended,427520,32007722,Posted: 27 May,all,AfterForever,It's ok.
76561198025378664,Recommended,427520,32008654,Posted: 27 May,all,AnotherOne,"Wow! This game is truely amazing. I'm the kind of people, who are complaining about not complex enough games. This game is! I'm at about the half progress (not gametime) in my first map and almost reached my abilitys.Do it this way, or this? Start here, or there? It poses a real challenge. Great!!!And: There are almost no bugs. The only bug i had so far, was that sometimes items  vanish from the inventory, but it's massproduction anyway, so it's no real loss."
76561198014277673,Recommended,427520,30678591,Posted: 22 March,all,Oranix,"This game is awesome.If you're not sure about it, guess what? There's a demo.Download the demo for free.Try it out.If you like it, buy it!If you don't like it, uninstall the demo.Basically the opposite of the pre-order nonsense we see in today's triple-A games."
76561198053116294,Recommended,427520,32012151,Posted: 27 May,all,Priam,"A very soothing crafting game about making a factory as efficient as possible. It is a survival game, but I think it's best when you actually turn the enemies' aggression off, because the real meat of the game is laying out this huge sprawling factory that stretches for miles and miles. It's a sandbox game but it does have a soft ending--however, you can just keep growing that factory infinately.What makes this stand out from other crafting survival games, is that instead of your tools simply leveling up over time, your crafting abilities evolve. You start out with a pickaxe, but you will stop using it and learn to make mining iron and other metals automated. You start by building things by hand, and then slowly the building is replaced by assembling machines to do it for you. Then, you face the issue of making assembling machines feed into eachother in a grand factory system that has to be rebuilt constantly to make room for new tech.  Each level of tech feels satisfying, but also brings in a new set of challenges that have to be solved like a puzzle.The game has a big online community sharing ideas of how they solve their own factories, and the devs are adding new systems into the game all the time which you can opt into if you get bored of playing the vanilla version. I highly recommend. It's just a great way to relax.One thing to keep in mind is that it assumes you know a lot going in on how to play the game. I'd recommend watching a gameplay video first, since the tutorials they have in game are fine, but are mostly about hotkeys and not so much about strategies. There's a loooot of details in this game that can go right over your head--lots of numbers and math, so seeing someone else actually play the game will make it quite easy to navigate once you go to play it yourself. But, it's quite overwhelming if you just jump into it with no context."
,Recommended,427520,32014948,Posted: 28 May,all,Cole W. F-168 | 3C-511,"""I'm Complex42, and this is my favorite game on Steam."""
76561198259551056,Recommended,427520,32014622,Posted: 28 May,all,TheAnalyst,"Ive worked for almost 70 hours this week, and managed to spend 24 hours on this game.  Havent even scraped the surface of it. I even think about it when im not playing it, planning what to do.  Recommend it to anybody into RTS that loves resources, logistics, problem solving and defensive play."
,Recommended,427520,32014274,Posted: 28 May,all,Omnihuron,"Fantastic game! Just beat it after about 37 hours. The end of it started to feel a bit grindy, but for the most part it was amazing. There is a really satisfying sense of accomplishment as you evolve and expand your base, making it more efficient and robust. Even after spending so many hours on my first playthrough, I am still really excited to jump back in and build my second base."
,Recommended,427520,32000654,Posted: 27 May,all,Tritos,Amazing Game! Great Contact between developers and players and frequent updates!
,Recommended,427520,32000607,Posted: 27 May,all,kaenneth,162 hours played in 2 weeks; I think that says it all.
,Recommended,427520,31984885,Posted: 26 May,all,JitterGlitch,Factorio has everything I look in games before i buy them.It has:-Active development-Lots of replay value-Multiplayer-Mod supportIt's most expensive game i ever bought but it's a purchase i not regretting
,Recommended,427520,31991186,Posted: 27 May,all,CrossBread,"You've heard of a ""book you can't put down""?  Well this is a game you can't put down.  It's resource and assembly line management with a little train sim tossed in for added joy.  The controls are fantastic and really remove the barrier so many builder games have that restricts your creativity with a clunky UI.  Everything I wished I could do in Minecraft (build epic automated rail system and have things construct themselves) you can do here.  Oh, and copy and paste via ""blue prints"".  That concept alone makes it worth my money, then having builder bots launch off your customizable modular armor and go place all the pieces for you is icing on the cake.The game is just fantastically balanced with a good evolution of tech that always gives you something to aim for, and something new to learn how to use.  You start off digging coal and stone by hand to build a furnace so it can further refine ore for you, and by the end I have networks of solar powered electric miners in half a dozen outposts loading ore onto trains via conveyer belts and bringing them back to my refinery base to get processed in bulk... all while managing power production and consumption so your laser turrets don't power down while being attacked by creatures aggravated by the pollution you are creating.I haven't loved a game this much in a long time.  Go check out the demo to scratch the surface, but I got a good 70 hours of gameplay in the paid game  out of my first freeplay base alone."
76561198160627485,Recommended,427520,31986538,Posted: 26 May,all,MrButterkins,"Ahh, Factorio, this is one of those games, where you see it pop up in the youtube suggestion box, and you click thinking, ""Huh, wonder what this is?"" and next thing you know, you've only watched thirty seconds before finding yourself buying it on steam.  It's really enjoyable, and nice to new players with peaceful mode, but overall, pretty cool game.  Good for people who enjoy stuff like Spore(the last three stages), Don't Starve(the machinery, and research) Prison Architect(Do I even need to explain this one?), and Minecraft Skyfactory.  It is truly a game of wonder, and exploration, and really revolves around base building, exploring, and defending.  Makes you think, because you're sitting there wondering why blue science is slowed, and you find that your green and red circiuts have stopped producing, because your copper ore mine ran dry, so you find the nearest one which is far away, and set up a train deliery system, etc.  Really enticing, you click launch, and either new, or load game, and next thing you know it's twelve hours later and your roomate is begging you to go to sleep, becasue it hasn't been twelve hours, it's been thirty six.  Maybe that's not everyone's experience but hey, is okay.  P.S. I apologize for my bad spelling."
76561197964062737,Recommended,427520,32006433,Posted: 27 May,all,neldorth,149h of play and counting.enough said
,Recommended,427520,32034776,Posted: 28 May,all,bjmllr,The most effective visual metaphor for asynchronous software construction I have seen.
76561198005066500,Recommended,427520,32034065,Posted: 28 May,all,Vickrin,"Every time I take a break from this game because I am feeling tired of it, that break last 24 hours at most before I am back expanding my factory again or making a new one.One of the most amazing and addictive games I have ever played."
,Recommended,427520,32023799,Posted: 28 May,all,Archeious,"Please for the love of all that is good and holy don't get this game.  You will end up playing it all the time.  Eventually you will lose everything.   The game is addicting and just too much fun.  There should be legislation against this level of enjoyment.But seriously this game is full of challenges.  It may look complicated.  I won't lie, it can get complicated.  It is as complicated as you want it to be.It is definitely a recommend."
,Recommended,427520,31453698,Posted: 29 April,all,Meerkat543,having trouble downloading 15.4
76561198025942356,Recommended,427520,32029995,Posted: 28 May,all,Septimus ii,1250 hours in about a year tells you all you need to know!
,Recommended,427520,26047744,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IPWIW,10/10  exoskeleton
,Recommended,427520,31827665,Posted: 18 May,all,Night Man,I told myself 10 more minutes at 11pm. It was 1pm all of a sudden. It's like the found the secret formula from Civ games and made it into their own!I have to work tomorrow...maybe I can build something to automate that?
76561198052951596,Recommended,427520,31824706,Posted: 18 May,all,Bucktooth,"Excellent game, don't think about it, just buy it.I've played through several times, vanilla and with mods. Now a new version is out and it gets better each update."
76561197980454192,Recommended,427520,31824125,Posted: 18 May,all,GMC,"In spite of the Early Access label, this game is solid. Even the beta version is more reliable than a lot of released games.One word of warning: this game is a time-sink to the extent normally only seen in MMOs. As I write this, I have 695 hours on record."
76561198015339437,Recommended,427520,31822942,Posted: 18 May,all,[40-1] SgtSnipey,"This game is in my top 5 for sure, Lots of great mods out there for it. Just had a huge update! New ThingsI like the fact you get create everything down the smallest detail. It has a decent learning curve, Especially if ya mod it. I really think the mods make this game great!"
76561198195593254,Recommended,427520,31860816,Posted: 20 May,all,hmm?,IT IS SO FUN...build factories but sometimes get interupted by aliens.
76561198034256008,Recommended,427520,31848806,Posted: 19 May,all,Fortu,"Whoever wrote that this game is crack cocaine is right, I can barely force myself to write this review and give it a thumbs up before running off to take another snort"
76561198071348073,Recommended,427520,31853783,Posted: 19 May,all,Starfield,"Best base/factory building sandbox ever. Active development, almost feature complete.Watch out - addictive."
,Recommended,427520,31859266,Posted: 20 May,all,Relentless Goatee,My OCD approves of this game. Worth every cent!
,Recommended,427520,25632425,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Petrov,Layers upon layers of complexity. Hugely addictive and satisfying.
,Recommended,427520,31831993,Posted: 18 May,all,vIsso,"My friends said that this game was overpriced, but when compared to other games similar to this one, it is definately worth it if you enjoy strategy, planning, and action"
,Recommended,427520,27225194,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flyingmcsquid,Man. This is just addicting! Better than candy crush! 10-10
,Recommended,427520,27225367,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,United Kingdom,"The best ""Why do we have no copper again ffs"" simulator on the market today"
,Recommended,427520,27275316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[H2H]Fluffy,"Factorio just keeps getting better and better as time goes on. Just when you have mastered the game an update brings new content and mods will keep me playing this game for a hell of a long time. Im proud to nominate this for the ""5 more minutes award"""
76561198036893543,Recommended,427520,27273120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tin,"Even though this is an early access game the game is very polished. Looking forward when the game is fully released.The developers have a keen eye on fixing bugs even if they are trivial. So far I haven't noticed any game breaking bugs which is considering the complexity of the game surprising. Definitely do recommend for any engineers, programmers, thinkers."
,Recommended,427520,27270505,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"A BOAR, NED. ON AN OPEN FIELD",Amazing game- countless hours of fun. i don't see myself getting bored of this soon at all.
76561197988609332,Recommended,427520,27273991,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,emperorjk,"This game is worthy of being a full game already, ignore the early access.All it needs is some extra missions in the campaign.A mesmarizing building and survival RTS."
,Recommended,427520,27055855,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Isuress,"This game can consume your life.You start off with a project in mind like automating the contruction of Red Circuits; but then you find you're not making them fast enough.You follow your belts and you find it's because you're not making Green Circuits fast enough - so you upgrade the robot arms so that the Green Circuits can be produced faster.But that doesn't help, you notice that there's not enough gears and metal coming in - so you go to your gear making section to upgrade the arms, belt speed and maybe add another gear contructer.Now your gears are STILL not building fast enough, it's because you don't have enough iron metal being produced - which is slowing down production everywhere else.So you go to your furnaces and add some more to speed up iron metal production.But then you notice you're not saturating your furnaces with ore - so you check your ore field. It's depleted.♥♥♥♥♥♥So now you're running around outside your base, looking for more iron to mine but you're getting attacked by the native bug species.You finally find some Iron but it's like a 5-8 minute walk from your base factory and surrounded by hostile bugs. WELP, looks like you're spending the next 2-4 hours working on a train station and railways, while also trying to exterminate the bug menace attacking your new iron outpost.What started all this again? Oh right, I need Red Ciruits.This. Is. Factorio.This is only the beginning.But you'll love every second of it."
76561198021880866,Recommended,427520,27055134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kommissar Mckinleychev,Nothing better than spending an hour fixing a problem just to cause 5 new problems.
,Recommended,427520,27110467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ACRONYM,"very good game with a niche feel; the possiblities are endless and sometimes too much. the vanilla base game is a solid game but mods created by the active factorio improve the game drastically. If you like mirco mangement or working out things, this game is for you. Voted for steam awards 2016"
76561197971679946,Recommended,427520,27108833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Imaet,A must own to every gamer !
,Recommended,427520,27429754,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nukegl,Get materials to build things... to automate building more things... to automate automate building things... then you realise you built your base wrong and pull it all up and build it all over again... repeat
,Recommended,427520,31848797,Posted: 19 May,all,DudeThrottleToaster,Effin A. Yes
,Recommended,427520,31657109,Posted: 9 May,all,D4rkK1ller,Has 3 project and 5 essay to do...
76561198058581861,Recommended,427520,31700293,Posted: 12 May,all,Zummyy,pretty good
76561198263556442,Recommended,427520,23382729,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Gherkin,Good luck if you like being lonely because this game likes making multiplayer a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,427520,31914436,Posted: 23 May,all,Anyone,"One of the best games I've played in my life. It's relaxing and challenging at the same time. When you're done with vanilla, simply grab (bobs) mods and have hours and hours of new content to discover. As programmer, I love the automation part, but I can simply spend hours in a row optimizing train routes, stations and signals. Multiplayer is really fun (mainly if you play private with a bunch of friends).The developers are extremely dedicated, sometimes pushing hotfixes in the evening (for devs) and they post a weekly blog update on their website (Factorio Friday Facts), which gives an insight into their development, ideas and reasoning for changes. There's literally nothing negative about this game that I can bring up."
76561197971612636,Recommended,427520,31911312,Posted: 22 May,all,zargos,"A great game in every aspect! Highly recommend it, especially since it also runs perfectly fine on Linux."
76561198076513666,Recommended,427520,31911637,Posted: 22 May,all,nexes,"If you have something you need to do, don't play this game. Hours feel like minutes. Fun Fun Fun!"
,Recommended,427520,31897796,Posted: 22 May,all,icecreammatt,"Love this game, I was instantly hooked. It reminds me of Minecraft and SimCity 2000. Highly recommend for anyone who likes a good building game."
,Recommended,427520,31907624,Posted: 22 May,all,Spookstar25716,"Automation and Alien SlayingPros-Progressive-Simple to understand*-Simple ideas-TutorialCons-Difficult to start off and maintain-Alien Zergs-Difficult to understand*-End game confusionVerdictTo put it simply, Factorio is spectacular, beyond my expectations atleast. Your basically thrown into a game with nothing and build up MASSIVE production zones whilist fighting off Aliens. It is both simple to grasp the concept of, and yet confusing when you bring logistics into it. Me personally i enjoyed it greatly, as i progressed i found out fortifying my current position was far better than expanded rapidly as raids came and was deflected, I eventually came to the point of creating railways and oil piping to create fuels i used rarely. I soon met my end when i accidently ran into my train at 11:00 at night and was greeted with a ""Game Over"" Screen, but rather than saying ""YOU DIED!"" or ""You Lose!"" it simply said ""Game Complete"" as in, not saying im an idiot or that im horrible, simply that the game ended and heres the stats, which both gave me a scared and made me laugh. The tutorial explains the basics of the game and allows players to get a slight grasp of the games concepts. But the true fun is exterminating the hordes of aliens that await outside your base.*Pro & Con-> When i said simple and complex its because of the pure 100% Automation can be tricky to get, but doing everything manually is generally simplier as it always is. Its confusion in a shellnut! (ha references)"
,Recommended,427520,31904588,Posted: 22 May,all,Chenzys Videos,"This is AMAZING the gameplay is flawless, using cheat mode is so much fun!Fights are very balanced with you Tech Enhancments helping you fight.Overall this game is amazing and a lot of fun!BUY IT NOW OR YOU HAVN'T LIVED!!!"
,Recommended,427520,30154826,Posted: 24 February,all,Spails,"No explanation, review, or video can do this game the justice it deserves.It even has a demo so you can see if you like it, like all good games should have."
,Recommended,427520,31903184,Posted: 22 May,all,zegl,I dream factories now.
76561198057898697,Recommended,427520,31915563,Posted: 23 May,all,Zara Larsson,Great game
,Recommended,427520,26277145,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mylon,"Great game, great community, great selection of mods."
,Recommended,427520,31890199,Posted: 21 May,all,Hiigara,"It's good, it's awesome but I would suggest waiting until it comes out of early access since playing over for 4 hours over small feature gets tedious really fast."
76561198051443578,Recommended,427520,31889539,Posted: 21 May,all,Raindogg,"Fresh, interesting, innovative and extremely addictive.Didn't have so much fun for a long time."
,Recommended,427520,31895497,Posted: 21 May,all,kilokat05,Addictive Builder.
,Recommended,427520,31903309,Posted: 22 May,all,DigitalOdin,Oh my god this game is so good and just gets better and better.
,Recommended,427520,31903471,Posted: 22 May,all,Memleak,Beautiful game. Don't be afraid of the Early Access (although is coming fast to the release date) since this is not the average early access game. It's a really beautiful game that can keep you busy for lots and lots of hours. Totally worth the price tag it has.
,Recommended,427520,31897097,Posted: 22 May,all,buzz0309,"If you don't care about anything at all, buy this game. If you do care about anything, still buy this cause you won't care about everything else"
76561198095917892,Recommended,427520,31946406,Posted: 24 May,all,cqd123123,Great game
,Recommended,427520,31945560,Posted: 24 May,all,Jasmine2785,"dont play, whatever you DO NOT PLAY.I have replayed this so many times i dream about it.pure automation.then i found out there are mods.  REALLY GOOD MODS.Then... its like.I dont think i can stop."
76561198031521380,Recommended,427520,31978798,Posted: 26 May,all,Bidoas,"I love factorio! If you have a mind for engineering or math or puzzle solving or supply chain management or... or... etc etc. This game racks my brain sometimes trying to create more efficient designs or strategies. I enjoy speed running, others play to make programable bases, others make music, and others still go for mass production or insane railway systems. There are so many choices!"
,Recommended,427520,31974929,Posted: 26 May,all,MackiDoo,This game is perfect for the one who looks for a challangesuper fun to play and great game for learning logic
76561197973203254,Recommended,427520,31973236,Posted: 26 May,all,Fladnag,"Love this game!!I have been play the .15 updated game. One thing I do not like is that the alien goo is gone, what reason do I have to turn on the alein combat? There is massive research going into weapons, but without the insentive to collect alien goo, what is the purpose of the weaponry?Still love the game, aussome up dates in the discussions.BRING BACK THE ALEIN GOO!!"
,Recommended,427520,31976840,Posted: 26 May,all,Zaphibel,good game !
,Recommended,427520,31982274,Posted: 26 May,all,m@,If you find rube goldberg machines satisfying as ♥♥♥♥ and like a little bit problem solving then Factorio is pure crack cocain.10/10 would spend 30 hours again to build a factory to build a factory to build a factory to build a space ship.
76561198039060226,Recommended,427520,31984288,Posted: 26 May,all,Black Man Unleashed,"I would definitely recommend this game to a friend, not to mention I already did.To keep it short, here are some of the Pros and Cons that stand out the most:[Pros] (16)-Addicting-Great Dev Team-Still fun after hundreds of hours-Always something to do-Game has improved so much over the years-Fun to play with friends-Infinite generation-You get to murder aliens-You get to setup your Factory(s) how you desire-Modding Support-Many Technologies to unlock-Still fun after you beat the game-Updates are still coming out and will continue to-Game costs $20.00 instead of $19.99, which doesn't annoy you having a cent left over-Good Soundtrack-No regrets buying it[Cons] (3)-Game isn't finished yet-I never can stop playing at times-You can't enslave the aliens10/10 Game, love it! Keep up the great work Devs! :D"
,Recommended,427520,31971676,Posted: 26 May,all,Blebleman,"I am so hooked to this game. I have ""finished"" it many times and yet I just can't help but start new games.This game is Engineering at its core.First you build something you think is OK.Then, at some point, you realize it's not.You are then faced with a choice. Either tear it all down and rebuild it ""properly"", or be an Engineer and patch it.Then patch it more. Then some more. Until it's all functional spaghetti.Add to that active devs that communicate with their players, an active mod community, and endless replayability and you've got a game that's worth way more than the asking price."
,Recommended,427520,31965152,Posted: 25 May,all,RickJAR,Pro: Worth every penny. Used to play Minecraft Feed the Beast Mod for doing automation. Not anymore.Con: Lost a lot of sleep.Join us onhttps://factorio.enjin.com
,Recommended,427520,31972506,Posted: 26 May,all,NotForHumanUse,"Only scratched the surface of this game with 15hrs in, but I can already tell this game is deep. You have to build supply lines which are not A->B->C but go from A to Z with resources interlinked between end products. While you are doing this the game allows you a lot of automation which is the fun aspect of the game as it isn't about grinding resources but it is about making an efficient machine that does this for you. This may sound easy at first but the complexity of what you need to do kicks in pretty early in the game and from there only increases. This is a game of experimentation, trial and error. It is hard for me to imagine who wouldnt like this game"
,Recommended,427520,23117896,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dancewraith,I haven't loved a game like this since Dark Souls 1
,Recommended,427520,32048423,Posted: 29 May,all,Edi,Game = Good
76561198082534795,Recommended,427520,32050539,Posted: 29 May,all,Sir Painkiller,Probably one of the greatest games of all time.
76561198187165797,Recommended,427520,28440982,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Auschwitz Costumer Service,Great game is you like preforming blood rituals keep your sanity and troubleshooting only to have to troubleshoot your troubleshoot.
76561198003794139,Recommended,427520,32051022,Posted: 29 May,all,[HudR] Globez,"One of the best games i have tried as of yet. Developers are doing a great job keeping the game ""fresh"" and fun. Not much else to say. Highly recommend this game -Enjoy"
76561198127702263,Recommended,427520,32046167,Posted: 29 May,all,miriahdawn,this game is amazing i have still not finshed it and i have played for 167.1. (as I'm writing this)  I have not played it the bestbut still. I LOVE IT!
76561198207481616,Recommended,427520,32040789,Posted: 29 May,all,Honkett,Very addictive
,Recommended,427520,32045739,Posted: 29 May,all,Koshirun,"""Simply"" fantastic! Just give it a chance, you will see..."
,Recommended,427520,32038595,Posted: 29 May,all,Lit gamdom.com,A game where the goal is to have the game play itself10/10
76561198000140519,Recommended,427520,32036186,Posted: 28 May,all,BradyBunch12,Incredibly fun!  I day dream about my factory and ways to improve it etc.  The joy of the game is figuring out your own designs and solutions to logistics and manufacturing.  Hours just vanish while playing Factorio!
76561198465637546,Recommended,427520,32041597,Posted: 29 May,all,stan.wydooghe,"Factorio is the type of game that I always wanted to play earlier.Previously what I like the most about 'normal' RTS games is the building of the base. Thinking about your layout. Finding weak-spots. Optimizing your production and resource flow.If this is what you like to do, then you will definitely like factorio.The game is still 'early-acces' but is very well done.Think deep because this game is very addicting ;-)"
,Recommended,427520,32050050,Posted: 29 May,all,oshwatgamer,"this game is the best $20.00 I have ever spentbuy it, tou wont regret it, even you hate thinking/problem solving"
,Recommended,427520,32066381,Posted: 30 May,all,zoburg88,"In all honesty I can't write a full review because I don't even know where to start, just buy the game and play it, what are you still reading for? buy it"
,Recommended,427520,32066823,Posted: 30 May,all,ZhugeKongming,"Pretty awesome game, one of the better games I've D'L'ed on steam in the last year or so.  If logistical problem solving and crafting are two things you enjoy in a game then you will probably like Factorio.Best Things About Factorio;-Rewarding progression-Great customizability-Rewarding problem solvingWorst Things About Factorio;-Takes a while to learn what and how much of things you need to build-Very time consuming at firstAll in all I would say this is a well made, well supported game with an active development team which means the game should be getting better and not worse over time, easily worth the $20 I paid for it."
76561197996946892,Recommended,427520,32071214,Posted: 30 May,all,Kiena,"This is a fantastic, complex game with frequent updates and a thriving, helpful community.  If you love logistics, organization, supply chains, or transport belts, this is a perfect game for you.  One of my favorite things about it is that while the game is incredibly complex, you can learn it piece by piece, slowly building your knowledge and expanding into the new parts of the game.Currently (5/30/2017), when you download the game, make sure to join the experimental beta of 0.15.x (by going to Properities - Beta - choosing 0.15.x at the very bottom of the drop down).  It's very stable and adds a *lot* to the game, including an entirely new power source and two new science packs, plus tons of research.Note that no sales are (currently) planned for the game, so if you're like me and usually only buy games when they're on sale, you'll likely be waiting a very, very long time.  This is one of the few games in recent years I purchased full price, and it is definitely, 100% worth it.  Assuming you enjoy the game even a little, you will get many, many hours out of the $20 you spend."
,Recommended,427520,32064907,Posted: 30 May,all,Tiver,"Amazing game, highly complex where after hundreds of hours of play, i still haven't learned how to use some pieces fully. Extremely stable, especially noticeable in multiplayer. Small things like multiple people being able to interact with all objects including chests simultaneously with no desync bugs makes for a very smooth experience. It's better than most AAA games in this respect."
76561197978465705,Recommended,427520,32064624,Posted: 30 May,all,ŧђє_ûмρâ,One of the best games I've bought.   Definatly worth the 20$
76561198025914520,Recommended,427520,29761759,Posted: 7 February,all,Mavi,Buy it.
,Recommended,427520,21526010,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,newcookie,"Been playing this for weekend 14h i think and still not booring. 124h now and going back all the time build stuff solve problems and yes kill stuff. how can this be booring.As rest of 100 people saying MUST HAVE :)( now reading my first review and as i said ""rest if 100 people saying MUST HAVE"" and the game has got only better over time)Update: 300h down the road and still playing it. for me it's the best game to watch some long tv serial and play as game don't need 100% of your time more like 95% :)Last update added uranium and it opend up so much new things. as far as i understand you can research stuff forever by launching rockets in space still need to do it but enjoying so much of factorioAs rest of steam says game u must have. There is a reason why it's on steams TOP of TOPUpdates are coming out all the time so devs care about the game and that is amazing. Not much games do that now days"
,Recommended,427520,32113580,Posted: 1 June,all,Wudini,Fantastic building game.
76561198279732975,Recommended,427520,32117552,Posted: 1 June,all,Mike16K,"Great game. It's very good for long periods of time, I've played it for hundreds of hours and I still can't get enough. I'm loving the .15 update, and all the mods (5dim's and bob's mods), which are very easy to get/toggle."
76561197974673415,Recommended,427520,32108178,Posted: 1 June,all,HarmlessOaf,"The simple things you have to do at the beginning are quickly automated and as you move up through the technology tree you can automate those things too.  You don't have to, but it sure makes things easier.There's always something cool to do, change, add or make more efficient and now that .15 is coming out they added even more the the end-game.Very, very good mod support for this game.  I like Bobs mods, Yuoki and warehousing mods."
,Recommended,427520,32110014,Posted: 1 June,all,Snighpure,Worth.
,Recommended,427520,32113872,Posted: 1 June,all,Baby Forest Whitaker,"This game is fantastic. It's in alpha, but feels complete. At it's core, it is a game about automation. You quickly learn how painful it is to manually build anything. The great thing is, you pretty much can automate everything in the game. Due to the vast customization options and mods, you can really play this game any way you want it. The developers are very transparent and update the game often."
76561198272303192,Recommended,427520,23960943,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pegleg,"Great game with lots of stuff to do, takes some time to learn how everything works but once everything is set up and working it feels good."
76561198090915554,Recommended,427520,32093405,Posted: 31 May,all,hatwearindragon,Do you love chopping and burning forests in the name of progress? Do you love polluting the water supplies causing fish to mutate and create an uprising? Do you want to make as much product as you want? Great news because this game for the cheap price of 20 bucks will let you do it all! Keep your many machines and producers safe from the evil communist threat! Factorio! Get it today!
,Recommended,427520,32091893,Posted: 31 May,all,Koekje,I did not handcraft this review. I've automated my lazyness
,Recommended,427520,32098673,Posted: 31 May,all,ᵈᵒᵍᵍᵒ ᴼᵜᴼ,There's an empty hole in my life this game fills
76561198011088843,Recommended,427520,32157880,Posted: 3 June,all,Baxtor,"Even after hundreds of hours, I still find myself looking up only to realize that the birds are singing because I accidentally played all night again.This game is spectacular, I often describe it as minecraft for grownups though they aren't acually that similar.This game is cheap, but even if it wasn't it would still be worth it.Though it's still in early access, it is a full and complete game.Be prepared to lose a few days when you first get this game, would reccomend to everyone."
76561197972504854,Recommended,427520,27544723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,neb425,Great game.
76561198065806986,Recommended,427520,31624784,Posted: 8 May,all,Mabuuz,Great game if you want to give up sleep.
76561198094900451,Recommended,427520,31635498,Posted: 8 May,all,Teknical Mage,Fairly fun and entertaining game.  Will keep you entertained for awhile.
,Recommended,427520,31631654,Posted: 8 May,all,GodWell,Very Addicting
76561198010375997,Recommended,427520,31630821,Posted: 8 May,all,gabstroyer,"This is a wonderful game, it could release right now from early access and be one of my top games of the year in an instant. It's got the ""one more turn"" addictiveness of Civilization and the creative aspects of Minecraft and the strategic aspects of Command and Conquer. I could easily recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of either of those three genres and I applaud the developers for their hard work and ingenuity."
,Recommended,427520,31632228,Posted: 8 May,all,Chairman Mao,"LOVE THIS GAME.This game is the perfect comination of building and problem solving. This, plus a few more RTS elements would be gaming nirvana. I love how this game challenges the mind with careful planning. Awesome."
76561198033997010,Recommended,427520,31601515,Posted: 7 May,all,luks.joe,"Ok I got my mining facilities up and running, the research is going good, I got more than enough energy and coal, lets build 100 fast inserters manualy and go to the toilet while my avatar crafts.5 minutes later:♥♥♥♥ING BUGS ♥♥♥♥ED UP MY WHOLE COLONY!!!! Ok just calm down we can fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥and maybe even improve my facilities.5 hours later: So I think I am ready to go to bed. WHAT????? BUGS AGAIN???? LETS GO ♥♥♥♥ING KILL THEM♥♥♥♥ its 5 am again....10/10 would go crazy again"
76561198138118705,Recommended,427520,31611899,Posted: 7 May,all,AFK,"Great game til you realize that one of your factory placements was off, so you have to rebuild half of your base to make it organized again"
76561198014158555,Recommended,427520,31669353,Posted: 10 May,all,Cats,"At first i was sceptic, but then i tried out the demo just for fun.. and couldn't stop playing for 5 hours straight. Instantly bought it afterwards and now i'm addicted to it.. and it was worth it. A real gem among all those unfinished Early Access games worth the full price."
,Recommended,427520,29348956,Posted: 18 January,all,Cye Borian,"I absolutely LOVE this game.  I play, I mod, I play some more.  I now am trying to beat the game using a little physical space as possible as a time trial.  Gives it an interesting challenge."
,Recommended,427520,29349371,Posted: 18 January,all,Bool1989,"Good game, but I wish its resource system was more like Dwarf Fortress's"
,Recommended,427520,29342145,Posted: 18 January,all,The Vergeltung,"This game is amazing in absolutely every way.It's also a giant series of rabbit holes. Once you get something planned out and working well, you hit another tier of research and just have to stare at your setup and go ""oh... well, crap."" as you realize the WHOLE thing needs reworked to be more efficient or to automate something you didn't even realize you'd need automated.This game was probably the most fun I had in 2016. For maximum fun, play the game with some friends that don't know anything about it. The discovery and evolution of the tech trees and various layers of automation... you'll have a blast."
,Recommended,427520,29342303,Posted: 18 January,all,Web Error 404,Be careful with the flamethrower.
,Recommended,427520,29384701,Posted: 20 January,all,Lek,"Great Game. 9/10. Only Needs Slightly more optimazation to make it easier to play online/tutorials. Im a veteran player who has never actually completed the game. But i do think that the demo needs to be updated to feature one aditional level. Something to teach new players the objective of the game. Currently There is now Clear ""DO THIS"" way to the game. Thats part of my love for it. But at the same time I feel players Need to be told an objective. It says to launch a rocket when you first load into the game but newer players might not understand how daunting of a task that might seem at first. I think That there should be alternative gamemodes to the Launch the rocket gamemode. Possibly a faction based Gamemode that you dont need to download mods to play. Like a 5v5 Destroy the enemy type gamemode. Something to Mix up the gameplay after a while.TL;DR Overall Great Game, Has a lot of stuff, Needs slight optimazation, better tutorial, And I hope for More gamemodes without mods."
,Recommended,427520,29376589,Posted: 20 January,all,parsonf,"Like someone else said, this should have won the ""just 5 more minutes"" by a landslide.  Expect to watch plenty of tutorials on YouTube if you're a new player, but that's generally a sign of a game I will love.  I came into this game fresh from a game called ""Infinifactory"", and I was looking for a similar experience.  This game blew me away.  Great library of mods, The game gets regular updates, the devs are very involved, great community of players, just love this game through and through.  Also, it has never felt like ""Early Access"".  It has always felt like a finished game."
,Recommended,427520,29379056,Posted: 20 January,all,rollermy,"You like hours and hours of building, exploring and optimizing? This game is awesomeIt's not about repetitive tasks, it's about architecting and constcucting and automating."
,Recommended,427520,29379749,Posted: 20 January,all,CardiffCity Dylan,Such an amazing game so underrated.I played the demo and now I'm hooked gate game.
76561198011075538,Recommended,427520,29354851,Posted: 19 January,all,TOMO,"Iv played this game for good as 300 hours, and i loved every hour iv played. Waiting for 0.15 to come out to add another XXX hours to it.at first i was semi put off by its looks with all the next-gen stuff out there and Steam flooded with 8-bit junk i almost over looked it. The overwhelming rating made me take a few mins to read a few reviews and i got it based on that.Pros: The amount of hours you can put into this game and not notice is insane (hmm could that be a con lol)Reserch done right. constant feeling of progrestionBase building, everytime i finish a 10 hour build i think hmm but if i did that instead...Automation, never have i seen anything that comes even close to how well this is done.Base def, gets kinda easy but if you relax tomuch or dont plan correctly you will pay for it.Attacking the critters. hard as all hell at first but you feel your self getting better as your reserch is done.No bugs at least for me and no probloms at all in multiplayer.Only thing that makes my time in game better is being in multiplayer.Cons: ..erm..there must be somthing..when i find it ill put it in here!!!Maybe learning curve?After setting up a massive base can be hard to find things to do in game, but thats after at least 40-50 hours game play for a normal run, and noone should complain about being board of a game after they already killed that many hours in a game that was £15.opinion: this maybe a lil wtf for some but read to the end, Achivements being disabled when useing mods, now i know you can use them to get ahead and out right cheat etc, but if you are gonna cheat then mods or no mods you will do it, Achivemennts are only ever seen by the person who got them anyway, theres prob some out there that maybe look threw random peoples achivements but there carnt be that many can there? So if you want to cheat your way to getting all the achevements in a game then i dont see a problom with it, i think you are taking away a challange for your self and even the feeling of getting a hard achevement, they often add good replay ability aswell. I love the way mods extend a games life but disabling a game functin to use them i think just sux especilly when the reason is people will cheat, if you want to cheat learn to use Cheat Engine, job done on just about any game. Im sure i woulda had most of em unlocked by now but i love mods, althow for 0.15 gonna try without see how long i last lol.All in all goodgame get it!!!"
76561197968596515,Recommended,427520,29371869,Posted: 20 January,all,Ralnorin,Sweet mother of all things building. If you like creative games this is one heck of a game for you. It starts out simple but amps up fast. I'm talking hitting things with a pick axe turns in to fully automated mining operation pretty darn quick. All kinds of fun.
,Recommended,427520,29368783,Posted: 19 January,all,King of the carrots,i think that it is one of the coolest games i have playd befor but i am very disaponted that servers dont wherk
76561198053272378,Recommended,427520,29369507,Posted: 19 January,all,cinnead,"What can I say that has not already been written in various reviews?I spent, or should I say mis-spent many thousands of hours over the years playing MMOs and other online multiplayer games, because I always believed the only solution to providing a real challenge was a real person playing against you. But little did I know, and after starting to let Factorio become a part of my daily routine, and eventually would I come to realize, there is no better opponent against me than myself.Thats the beauty of Factorio - it's as elegant as chess, but doesn't limit you in really any way other than your imagination and time - you don't need a player, you literally create your own constraints and obstacles to overcome. No sooner do you discover a new skill, or a better way to build, than you try to take that and mentally puzzle yourself on how you can now use that new knowledge to replace and enhance everything that came before.I've opened up old factories I made in my first few days and smiled at the quaintness of my designs, marvelled at lessons I learned and have in some cases long forgotten, and been frightened by the sheer number of hours I've sunk into this game over the past year.And if that wasn't enough, even after having some involvement with developer teams in other games, I've never failed to be impressed with the dedication, passion and engagement with the players and community that the Factorio team share with us.I'm a curmudgeon in many things in life, and admit that I give credit when its due far too rarely, but I can't help but have massive admiration for everything that Kovarex and the entire team have done to make Factorio the perfection that it is so far! The fact that there's so much still to come (4k hi-res! nuclear age! robotic twinkies!) is just mind-blowing.One final item that often gets overlooked that I want to call out as a joy is that there is absolutely nothing in this game that represents a grind; something that you see all too often in other progression games - everything you do in Factorio is purposeful. Far too often game makers figured the only way to keep you in the game is to provide an artifical barrier that takes some inordinate time/money sink just to make you stay engaged until a nominal achievement. I've only ever stopped a map because I had a yet even better, more efficient idea in my head that I just had to try again to do the 'next' time, only to find after dozens of hours that once again, I have a new revelation and just need to start that 'one' more map... oh how there's ALWAYS just one more thing to try...Get this game if you get no other this year. Or don't, if you value your time, because you will easily find yourself submerged in gigafactories that would put Tesla to shame every day once you start. Amazing."
76561198039654755,Recommended,427520,29369513,Posted: 19 January,all,The Lucid,"Very fun so far, much more approachable than I expected."
76561198334265013,Recommended,427520,29363487,Posted: 19 January,all,Diablo502,Great game!!!
76561198021842458,Recommended,427520,29363746,Posted: 19 January,all,andrew.poker,Best game in my library.
,Recommended,427520,29365828,Posted: 19 January,all,Brett,Lots of fun with friends
76561198148366206,Recommended,427520,29364703,Posted: 19 January,all,Ashes 22,One of the most addicting games I've ever played JUST GET IT
76561198001346271,Recommended,427520,29316885,Posted: 17 January,all,Snarkles,Just an incredibly solid crafting game built around the premise of automation. Has a more techincal/engineering flavour that may appeal more to an older audience.
,Recommended,427520,29319841,Posted: 17 January,all,Eli,Love it!Very entertaining... really helps pass time.Just the sim I was looking for.
76561198012102532,Recommended,427520,29321141,Posted: 17 January,all,dblclkmatt,"This game has been a remarkably enjoyable experience watching progress in motion. Literally, the endless streams of conveyor belts is mesmerizing and the challenge of figuring out an effective flow of product to consumption in order to create another product for more consumption has captured over a hundred hours of my attention at the time of this review.This is a title that forces your to come up with new inventive solutions as you scale the technology tree. Your primitive setup will require tweak after tweak as new methods and products become available and then it'll require further tweaking as you find that the new product is a drain to your previous operations. Finding a balance to the product/consumption ratio needs a lot of trial and error. Each notch in the tech tree allows for better control over the numbers as their produced and pulled throughout the factory. It really is up to the player to fully utilize all that the developer has made available, and the tools are quite diverse.Just as diverse are the various problems that you'll encounter. Not just the alien menace that is driven to points of rage as your pollution reaches out at them; but, as you run out of resources you'll need to network a train to pull in fresh new ones from miles away. Pipe in new crude from even further distances and realize you need a whole new factory just to refine the various new fluids need to create even more products.It's an ever-growing machine of work.I like to work, maybe that's why this game is so appealing to me. Thankfully, this is not filled with spread sheets. It's visually soothing as all your hard effort zips from one end to the other to create bigger and better things. Micro managing automation so that eventually you may leave the base and go blow up some aliens with tanks and exploding rockets. There's constantly something to do in the game and the only time you find yourself standing idle is in the beginning as you wait for your first base to produce a few more sheets of iron.It has a ""high-bit"" feel and everything moves fluidly along with the music and sound effects. It's all very harmonizing.The challenge of expansion and efficiency is ever present.Filled with eureka moments.Make massive projects with friends through multiplayer.Developer is still supporting and adding in new elements.For an Early Access game, I haven't found a single thing wrong with it. No bugs, no nothing.Not for everyone I admit as it does require a lot of patience and thought. It's not an ""instant gratification"" sort of game and it does not pay off until after quite a bit of toiling over every detail.I love this game. This is one of those ""pick-up as you like"" titles that you can leave and come back to weeks later."
76561198004202881,Recommended,427520,31792153,Posted: 16 May,all,Lunchbox147,"This is one hell of a game for it's price, there is no fixed way of doing things and the community is large and the most friendly i have ever seen for a game.In a nut shell its a logistics management game which you build from the ground up ''literally''A must buy."
,Recommended,427520,31784652,Posted: 16 May,all,Patangy,"This game is fantastic. Every time the developers push out an update there's a whole new reason to go back and replay it. I'm not normally one to make reviews unless I feel a game has been underrated. But Factorio has passed that threshold from being a very good game to being an incredible game, I just had to add to the chorus of praise."
,Recommended,427520,31782540,Posted: 16 May,all,AinsWorth,Great concept.
,Recommended,427520,31783438,Posted: 16 May,all,Kazzeh,"A game where planning and plotting is 99.9% of the game, and one small mistake will make you pull your hair out in mild insanity.But that's half the fun.Any city building game lover, or Buildcraft Minecrafter will instantly love this game.To those who don't like those kinds of games, you'll find yourself sinking countless hours into the game anyway.15/10, everyone should have this."
,Recommended,427520,31796897,Posted: 16 May,all,Cwispy Bacon,What is time?
,Recommended,427520,26932074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Absolver,"This is one game you should not touch if you enjoy having a life. It will suck you in and keep you for a few weeks before it spits you out to realize that you smell from a lack of showering, you haven't eaten anything remotely resembling a proper dinner, and that your workplace has left you sixty eight messages, and a pink slip is waiting in your mailbox.Then you'll spend some time in withdrawal before you dive right back in again."
,Recommended,427520,31808180,Posted: 17 May,all,Jugularcomic,"really good game, hard to get used to but once your used to it its really enjoyable"
,Recommended,427520,31774348,Posted: 15 May,all,Putkimies,Its fun time-killing game
,Recommended,427520,31775199,Posted: 15 May,all,Nuke,"If you are reading this, it's too late!You will buy the game, you will play it nonstop for a week or so.You're just scrolling trough to comments and reviews to see if the game is worth buying or not? HAH!It's a scam, factorio now knows about you, and you know about it.The Eldrich Cogwheels already run deep into your mind.It's only a matter of time...time you soon won't have.For reals tho, game is great and the Devs are great. SubReddit is great and the mods are great.Why are you reading this? I already told you to go and buy it!"
76561198205532789,Recommended,427520,31774950,Posted: 15 May,all,tokinterror,Pure crack be warned you will lose some days here
76561198031190746,Recommended,427520,31739803,Posted: 13 May,all,troytech,"at first you struggle to play. then you make your first automated process. this one leads to more. you start to optimize, rebalance and increase production. you adapt to threats from the aliens and begin to thrive. you even dream factorio. then an update happens and you have to relearn many things while smiling the whole way."
76561198060911223,Recommended,427520,31733586,Posted: 13 May,all,Umbrik,"Excellent game, if you want to loose days and weeks of your life, this is the game! It's almost a steal at that price if you consider how much time you could play it."
76561197969941581,Recommended,427520,31733266,Posted: 13 May,all,Lazarus,This is one of my top 5 games of all time.  They absolutely deserve a 98% rating.
76561198211430023,Recommended,427520,31757543,Posted: 14 May,all,ButterDude07,this is a great game
,Recommended,427520,31772218,Posted: 15 May,all,ZimsShiz,"VERY nice tech based factory game.You do need to rely on A LOT of automation, which makes it better. You can also do a lot of complex stuff. Seriously, look up some of the stuff people do.ProsFun gameplay, because automating stuff is frustrating but fun.A nice soundtrack (though I turn it off in favor of my own music)Even more fun when playing with friendsConsToo low of a resolution when zoomed in quite a bit. (would be nice if theres was an hd setting so it looks nicer but avaliable if some computers can't handle it)Glitch in multiplayer when you hold the shoot button you boost forward for some reason.All in all I recommend this game to people who like tech stuff and automation."
,Recommended,427520,31772525,Posted: 15 May,all,senzai3,"Even in its early access state, It's a game well worth the time.You'll be endlessly creating, twinking and fixing things.Always thinking of the next step to research and improve."
76561198061656458,Recommended,427520,29292925,Posted: 16 January,all,Magicpotato,"Im going to make conveyor belts to automate how much time I have, that way I don't have to stop playing."
76561198164164879,Recommended,427520,31005272,Posted: 7 April,all,jephman26,Its awesome I just got power
,Recommended,427520,29294346,Posted: 16 January,all,Myrodin,pretty good game
76561198152456172,Recommended,427520,29288277,Posted: 15 January,all,Merlin's Alchemist,This game is like crack its very addicting. I am a sucker for building and management games.
76561198055436759,Recommended,427520,29288890,Posted: 15 January,all,BigMacDaddy,"Was browsing the steam store searching for a game to keep me from studying from my finals. Found this game, loved the trailer, loved the artwork, loved the demo, insta-buy. Nailed my finals.10/10 wouldnt study again"
,Recommended,427520,29514178,Posted: 26 January,all,alien,Just look at hours on record. Definitely recommend :)
,Recommended,427520,29528270,Posted: 27 January,all,KROL,"Very addictive, high replay value!  Nice procedurly (if thats a word) based generator for your custom planet scenerios, with nice vairable settings, to make each experience very unique.  Make a planet easy or difficult, it's up to you.  Nice co-op style multiplayer, hunt down aliens together!For learning there is a sandbox level, with all enabled cheats.Mods are available for the game, just to make some things easier to do, or a better overall experience.I see great potential, when it's out for general release.  I would expect Add-Ons from the developers, just on how the game looks to be developed.  From playing, you honeslty wouldn't know that it's not a full release yet!"
76561198321676756,Recommended,427520,29526984,Posted: 27 January,all,sorac504,great game recomend anyone that plays alot of resourse mangeing
76561198024652455,Recommended,427520,29529558,Posted: 27 January,all,brutus8285,This game sigle handedly have me carpal tunnel.
,Recommended,427520,29485857,Posted: 25 January,all,Booty McJohnson,Excellent game. It's as simple or as complex as you want it to be. It's very rewarding to try out more complicated things to optimise your base and pull them off.
76561198032118555,Recommended,427520,29503221,Posted: 26 January,all,SiNScYtHe,This might be my favorite game purchased in early access. I haven't noticed any performance issues yet as with some other early access titles.I would recommend watching very basic videos to see how the game plays but I wouldn't look up meta designs unless you are having trouble getting things functioning. A lot of the fun I have is improving my own designs and figuring out things on my own so this is how I'd suggest it be played.
76561197962319342,Recommended,427520,29524362,Posted: 27 January,all,Luxurydiver,Super game! You can put so much time and creativity in it. Love it. Hoping they make multiplayer easy
,Recommended,427520,29524515,Posted: 27 January,all,Gooeypillows [TZM],"All I can say is WOW! What a great addictive game! kinda puzzly, yet has elements of coopertive and competitive play!  This is probably one of my favorite 2 games!  Unconditional must buy."
76561198061901421,Recommended,427520,29517785,Posted: 27 January,all,When the cat can fly.,"I played this game since version 0.12 released not in steam,I finished this game once.Vanilla game are times melting. I use about 40 hours to finished my first game.Most of the times I solving space problems, plan for a new factory, optimize old factory, kill an alien or be killed, shotgun some tree, crafting a thing that never use it forever, train traffic jam, out of iron, crashed my vehicle into the wall. inventory full, trying to stand on belt and see where is the end of the line, get frustration with circuit network and more.But with mods it another story.Mods can expanded play times very much from hundreds to thousands hours.(most of the times I played in offline mode bcz i don't have internet connection)"
76561198088515984,Recommended,427520,29523182,Posted: 27 January,all,FreeTurtles,I. Cant. Stop. Playing.
,Recommended,427520,29523542,Posted: 27 January,all,Revren Jones,"let me be blunt first of all this game is not for everyone  ... Do you like math and ratios? Programming and puzzles ? Creating a goal of your perfect base ? This game will put you on a addicting binge, building, gathering, and optimizing your factories and production lines to create what you need and want.  The combat portion of it feels mundane after a while until you realize you need to expand out since your resources are being exhausted leading to a train network.  Each step of the game you learn or discover something new and for me that was part of my greatest joy not knowing how something worked then making a new combo that was tighter, used less space and integrated with my whole base as a small cog to the big pictureTechnically unmodded and playing the base game I've noticed no crashes or annoying bugs and playing the game I keep forgetting  it's still in development .  The mods that are being made for the game can change your objectives and level of complexity in the production runs for equipment and tools.  Oh and there is multiplayer for it as well"
76561198019486996,Recommended,427520,29522761,Posted: 27 January,all,Huek,"Really fun game. Easily in my top 5 favorite games of all time (after 1 week of playing).Great gameplay mechanics, a blast to play with friends, and endless re-playablility. Worth every penny spent!"
,Recommended,427520,29482424,Posted: 25 January,all,Escafrost,This game is very addicting.
,Recommended,427520,29494331,Posted: 25 January,all,Flipocrite,Research is Expensive and Time-Consuming: The Game10/10
,Recommended,427520,29424324,Posted: 22 January,all,iloveass2,"Great fun, complex, time sink"
76561197995219406,Recommended,427520,31708737,Posted: 12 May,all,Clisou,After starting playing this game I've not seen sunlight! some of my friends have told me that there is quite a cool feature in the game. All thats needed is a few clicks to fix the sunlight problem (quit game) however I have not had time to test this feature yet! too busy trying to get more iron and get my factories running like a well oiled... factory... Tons of fun! Can highly recommend it! and bring a friend!
76561197965602632,Recommended,427520,31752891,Posted: 14 May,all,Arnold Ziffle,"I have played quite a few ""Early Access"" games only to be disappointed by the developer commitment. Factorio developers are on top of this game and fix bugs and add improvements on a constant basis. For only $20 this game is well worth the cost.Simple and basic at first it gets complex and more challenging as you progress. It is a great base builder game that can take you to the brink of insanity trying to optimize the factory and then you get the perfect layout working and life is grand again.I am still trying to keep my supply lines going as each new production changes the supply dynamics. I know the veterans would laugh at my base but I am damn proud of my mess and it works!Lots of pros and only one con I can think of and it's my nemisis in the game so far......electric power lines....my god my base looks like a spider web!"
,Recommended,427520,31756063,Posted: 14 May,all,Duekiller,"Amazing game, you can spend forever trying to optimize your factory only for it to grow and grow. Infinite depth and complexity."
76561198066030224,Recommended,427520,31756008,Posted: 14 May,all,Mr.Makk,"As a colony-builder / management-sim lover, this game never ceases to provide me with a constant sense of interest. Around every turn you're thinking about ""Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've gotta have this, to  get to this, to put this here for this to grab and put in there for this"".With the introduction of friends or respectable randoms, it gets even more fun as you then have to solve these logistics-survival puzzles in a collaborative and open minded way so as not to get tangled up in the confusion of a five person project.Worth every dollar imo(4.5/5) [4.5 max for Eaccess]"
,Recommended,427520,31755851,Posted: 14 May,all,J0eEdgyKid_2002,"44 hours in less than a week speaks for itself.Highly addictive, beatiful aesthetics.Great playability and also fully modable!Devs are always active adding new stuff, fixing bugs and listening to the player base!Really recommended for those that like sandbox/construction games with a nice management factor."
76561198076599564,Recommended,427520,31792231,Posted: 16 May,all,DUB,Probably one of my favorite games of all time. Theres always something to do or to fix. Im a student of engineering so making things effecient is always on my mind and this game is the holy grail for that. Its all about planning your factory and making it the most effecient to give the most throughput and never run into bottlenecks. Ive already played over 100 hours of it and that is from 1 full playthrough (my first) and the one im doing now. It also has customizable settings when creating a new map so theres a good amount of replayability as you can change the settings before every playthrough to continue making the game more challenging. Absolutely would recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,427520,31787569,Posted: 16 May,all,iconmaniac,Simply the best game I've ever played on steam... you'll get hooked right in the 1st min into the game and then months of endless fun
,Recommended,427520,31928465,Posted: 23 May,all,Captain Jets,"Factorio is a great way to test your own problem solving skills, if you're into that sort of thing.  Figuring out efficient ways to set up your automation is amazingly fun."
76561198025309521,Recommended,427520,31927919,Posted: 23 May,all,Boost Junkie,"Simple, yet EXPANSIVE!  This game is great and updares have been overwealmlingly positive.  So 99% the devs wont ruin or abandon the game.One of my favorite games."
76561198103483170,Recommended,427520,31927743,Posted: 23 May,all,poopsnicker,"Ok for people who have come for the 'popularity' tab you have come to a 60/40 of liking this game for many reasons.-Factorio is an automation game, if you like automation, this is for you-Don't take the PvE and or PvP system to seriously, its not that grand compared to the rest of the game.-This game requires a lot of time to progress considering, and you will probably need some patience.-This is NOT that good without friends, for it will become boring not doing anything while waiting for a research to finish or waiting there crafting for a while. If your someone who can find fun in waiting for a period, then maybe. (just my preference.If you can follow all these rules this game will be great for you, and that i can guarantee. But if you have a slight doubt play the demo first and then you can go into the game if you liked it.(Hint of advice, play with friends, or prepare for a looooonnng time of stocking up ♥♥♥♥in SCIENCE PACKS.)"
,Recommended,427520,31923051,Posted: 23 May,all,Butle,Pretty good
,Recommended,427520,31930509,Posted: 24 May,all,Solitayre,"This game is just amazing. Very fun and engaging, has great depth and you'll never be out of something to do"
,Recommended,427520,31933371,Posted: 24 May,all,Tresy4game,"Wonderful dev's who made a wonderful game, time flies when playing.When you just start player it may feel a little grindy/overwhelming, but once you get the hang of it.It's FANTASTIC!"
76561197991034745,Recommended,427520,31935821,Posted: 24 May,all,Xotai,"This game is outstanding - in gameplay, in mods and mod support, in consistent updates, in developer responsiveness, and in its ability to take all of your waking hours from you. 10/10"
,Recommended,427520,31934056,Posted: 24 May,all,deadly,"I have only played about 2-3 hours and I am loving it. I love the quality of programming that went into this game regarding objects, crafting, and automation. I see myself spending over 100 hours playing this game without being bored."
76561198110479340,Recommended,427520,31931521,Posted: 24 May,all,Krankenhouse,10/10.
76561198181432901,Recommended,427520,32712020,Posted: 23 June,all,Snijderthijs,This game is simply amazing but also highly addictive.
76561197975417699,Recommended,427520,32706822,Posted: 23 June,all,Totoro,"This game... wow, this game! While my own account only has 18 hours or so shown (as of the writing of this review), I have spent many, many more hours (close to 80-90 hours) pouring over the details of my factory and how it has grown into a town of sorts, that spans a good portion of the continent that I live on.My factory (or should I say factories at this point?) has a living, breathing history built into it and I can point out how everything formed. It's to the point where you can tell a lot about the person that built that factory just by looking at the layout and what parts they're building, etc.This game is definitely for the OCD of us, especially if you are a problemsolver; unfortunately, I'm not smart enough to completely automate EVERYTHING but for people that have the time, intelligence, and willpower to do so, it's certainly possible, especially with the components that you can build later on that allow you to set limits and boolean functions to keep production lines running smoothly. I also love the research trees in this game, with a lot of new components and upgrades to look forward.My biggest gripe right now is the single player ""campaign mode"" just seems to be more like a bunch of maps thrown together, rather than a flowing narrative with a map that evolves with you, at this time. I'm just enjoying the sandbox mode right now, which allows me to keep my hard-earned factory until I reach the final goal of the game. They could also add a more substantial tutorial, or even a ""tips window"" when a new technology is researched so you have a better idea of how it works; some stuff, like the trains and boolean technology as I mentioned above, I needed to research on my own by reading other peoples tutorials online before I knew what I was doing.Overall, I love this game and I would highly recommend that you buy it and play it; moreso, given that it's early access and new updates and features are being added all the time, we can expect that this game, which is already superb in its current form, can only get better with time."
76561198043261815,Recommended,427520,32666573,Posted: 22 June,all,valenti_scott,"I absolutely love this game!  I bought the game in early April 2017 and played it obsessively for about two months.If hours spent on a game are a good measure, check this out.  I have about 40 games in my steam library, and this game comes in second at 1400 hours.  In just two months?  I guess it was counting the time spent with the game on pause?  The only game which has more hours in my library is Civilization V, at 2200 hours, which I've had in my library for several years."
,Recommended,427520,27243741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rhekis,Automate all the things!
76561198072876562,Recommended,427520,22432737,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Seppoveri,The multiplayer works now.
76561198081626924,Recommended,427520,32684918,Posted: 23 June,all,Caurick,Great game. Multiple hours putting things together and organizing into a huge system.
,Recommended,427520,32679705,Posted: 23 June,all,PartyPollo,"Factorio is fantastic. The constant back and forth of build, expand, optimize has caused me to play late into the night several tims thinking ""This last change will just be 15 minutes"".  For $20 I've already gotten 90 hours of play and plan on a lot more. Easiest recommendation in my game library."
,Recommended,427520,32680767,Posted: 23 June,all,UncrtnMind,"With great game mechanics and developers that listen to their community with VERY frequent updates, this is some of the best money spent on a game.Be prepared to magically lose some hours when it's all of a sudden 2am."
76561197961719542,Recommended,427520,32779082,Posted: 25 June,all,SnowGL,Cracktorio
,Recommended,427520,32730724,Posted: 24 June,all,Adenzu,My first experience is making the automation all over again and again. But worth.
,Recommended,427520,32785388,Posted: 25 June,all,AstroBlaze,"If you like creating giant systems of machines (or modded minecraft for that matter), this game is for you. Just the amount of QOL changes this game has seen over time have been amazing. Out of all the early access games I've ever played, this game has added the most amount of content."
76561198001768099,Recommended,427520,32763861,Posted: 25 June,all,heziva,Amazing game. One of those few that I'm happy to spend hours on.
76561198189542046,Recommended,427520,32772983,Posted: 25 June,all,Heilven,"Best use of twenty dollars I've ever spent. Over a 190 hours so far, and I'm still not bored."
,Recommended,427520,32763002,Posted: 25 June,all,Eisenritter,"Bought this game last night, haven't slept since.10/10 would redo entire production and logistics workflow simply out of perfectionism."
76561198015242650,Recommended,427520,32758234,Posted: 24 June,all,Ezo Red Kit,"Factorio is a factory management simulator where you start with barely anything and gather your way into launching your rocket into space. The gathering part is the fun part!As you start out with only a mining pick, a furnace, and a few plates of iron, you must manually mine resources. This quickly gets painful, so the best thing to do is make some machines that automatically mine for you! But moving resources from those machines to your furnaces is too painful, so you make automatic grabbing machines and transport belts. This continues on and on until you build a fully functioning factory mass-producing products.What makes this game fun is the building aspect of the game. It requires a lot of critical thinking and problem solving, which are severely lacking in many AAA games. If you have a love for solving practical problems or designing things, I would recommend this game to you!Plus, this has multiplayer :)"
,Recommended,427520,25924221,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Aenon,"I'm changing my previous downvote to an upvote.The game is fantastic.I still don't like some menu mechanics and it's lacking some polish, mainly in form of other game modes, but once you've fotten into it it's one of the most addictive games you'll ever play.A classic is born and probably an entire new genre with it."
,Recommended,427520,32907304,Posted: 27 June,all,Old Gregg,MMMMM Creamy!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,30987638,Posted: 6 April,all,orbiter,"no matter how hard you try, you will NEVER come close to building anything like the factory in the trailer"
,Recommended,427520,21677077,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,KoblerMan,"I scraped together the cash for this 300MB indie game Factorio, and I have to say that so far the game has not very often disappointed me. For an early access game it is very well-rounded and has almost no bugs. The gameplay is great and the developers are phenomenal at taking care of this gem.My only gripe with the game thus far is the multiplayer which does not yet work as it should; it seems buggy at best and broken at worst, but I have no doubt that this will not be the case forever as the devs have been taking care of Factorio.9/10, get this game if you enjoy mass production, automation, or trains (I like all three).---EDIT:---As of the latest versions of this game, multiplayer now works very well, although it has a few limitations. I still find myself enjoying the game 600+ hours later. I'm fascinated with Factorio and it's some of the best fun I've had by myself AND with friends."
76561198119493587,Recommended,427520,32835324,Posted: 26 June,all,Genven_Boot,Amazing game that handles extreamly well even with a terrible pc like my own
,Recommended,427520,32846756,Posted: 27 June,all,Fessel,"This game nearly made me miss christmas. I had spent the previous 30-hours playing this game, straight-gameplay, no sleep. I am a little scared to start playing again because it is that addictive."
,Recommended,427520,30093823,Posted: 21 February,all,Terry Hesticles,hNNNNGH
,Recommended,427520,32844205,Posted: 26 June,all,Wolfamelon,"Really great game. Not too difficult to get started and the tutorials help out. Once you learn the basic mechanics its set sail for automation. Automate, automate, automate, get hit by a train, automate.Great game, would reccomend to anyone."
,Recommended,427520,32874724,Posted: 27 June,all,Geronimo,"Hours and Hours of game play, But needs ""bob's"" mods"
,Recommended,427520,29548854,Posted: 28 January,all,BeFree,"RECENT:Overwhelmingly Positive(915 reviews)OVERALL:Overwhelmingly Positive(15,791 reviews)28 Jan 2017"
76561198016614830,Recommended,427520,32883719,Posted: 27 June,all,Brutus,"Awesome game, worth the cash!"
76561198153329066,Recommended,427520,32790894,Posted: 25 June,all,skalkgoedhart,This game feels like a dynamic puzzle. Its fun to play and you can expand limitless. This game is challenging because you have to assemble things existing of lots of components originating from about 5 types of natural recources.
76561198042491372,Recommended,427520,32804490,Posted: 26 June,all,Punosaurus,One of the best games to listen to podcasts in.Even if you don't like podcasts it is fun to make your factory more efficient and ACQUIRE THE MEANS OF PRODUCTION
,Recommended,427520,28704716,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RylenWolf,The second trailer on steam sums up exactly what should be said about the game. Well worth every bit spent.
,Recommended,427520,32807271,Posted: 26 June,all,Mlinch,10/10 would recomend
,Recommended,427520,32822407,Posted: 26 June,all,Bmarquez1997,"to me by a friend, and I haven't been able to put it down since!  I never would've guessed that finishing a complex assembly line to be so satisfying!  Fun game to play, even more fun when playing with friends.  There's so much you can do that you never feel like the game is ""over"".  Heck, I still have yet to ""finish"" the game.Pros:~Can be as simple or complex as you make it~You're always learning new things about the game~The community is the absolute best that I've experienced~You never truly can finish the game~It's still in early access, so there is probably so so much more that will be added to the game in the futureCons:~Will take up all of your time~Is highly addictive~Will have you thinking about ways to optimize your factory even when not playing~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Final Rating~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~15/10 spaghetti factories, would definitly reccomend to everyone"
76561198054641817,Recommended,427520,32819895,Posted: 26 June,all,JCFH,"awsome game, very addictive"
,Recommended,427520,26955600,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spicesareyummy,I haven't gone to sleep in a week.
,Recommended,427520,29821685,Posted: 10 February,all,ducester1,"easy one of my favorite games, though it might get a bit repetitive once you finish the game. very fun to play with friends"
76561198030874996,Recommended,427520,29822298,Posted: 10 February,all,Lena,amazing game!
,Recommended,427520,29819159,Posted: 10 February,all,gorman679,Amazing game gets more and more complex as it goes on
76561198103810926,Recommended,427520,29819472,Posted: 10 February,all,Kane526,"My friend bought me a copy so we can play together. Ive always loved these kinds of games, so I got on with him and we started playing. I thought ""Im going to create things just like in the steam page videos!"" but then I thought, ""How the ♥♥♥♥ do I do anything?!"" it was a fuster cluck of nonsense as we tried to figure out how drills worked, then steam power, then inserters and so on and so forth, luckily I have a knack for learning quickly and my friend is great with thinking outside the box, so we have a great system going on. It is addicting and fun and the exact $20 price is just funny to me. It's better with friends and I spent an hour in Sandbox building things then blowing them up with grenades in frustration. Best to take this game slowly!"
,Recommended,427520,29819530,Posted: 10 February,all,Sachan,Cracktorio is addicting but reinvigorating for the mind when you do mindless tasks all day.
,Recommended,427520,29826465,Posted: 10 February,all,Volvith,"This game...Where do i start?...Once upon a time on a faithful day i was bored out of my mind.Then i came upon this game.And left all boredom behind.And my life was not the same,Oh no not after that.For all the hours of fun, from this so lovely game i had.I played and played for hours, then days and then even some more.Because this game, at it's very core,Was everything for which i'd hoped and more.I played until my eyes went sore,And was never bored again.Don't let the 75 hours fool you, i have played this game since long before it was on steam.This game is all about the management and automation of making a rocket and defending your entire production queue.""What's the big deal?""The sheer scale and complexity of it.The constant need for optimalisation, compensation and the like.Trust me, this is the best 20$ you'll spend in ages to come, even more so if you install bob's mods (""a bit"" harder than the vanilla game.)And just in case you DO decide to buy this masterpiece:DO NOT GO ANYWHERE NEAR A TRAIN TRACK, EVER.ITS ALL FUN AND GAMES UNTIL YOU CHAIN-DIE 27 TIMES TO A ♥♥♥♥ING TRAIN RUNNING YOU OVER.NO ONE IS SAFE FROM THE CHOO-CHOO MENACE!!! o-o...Have fun! :D"
,Recommended,427520,29828535,Posted: 10 February,all,Hailtron,"Watching trailers for this game made the game look so absolutly complex and tangled that a even a scientist couldn't understand it... So i downloaded a free version and absolutly got lost in it. I finished it twice in version .11. Now 80 Hours in, it was still super complex and tangled BUT i could understand it and that is what made it amazing. To have this huge automatic MACHINE under my contol that i designed and basically only me and anyone else whos advanced enough can figure out. I loved the game so much i started regretting not buying it. So i went and bought a card and bought the game. No Regrets. Now even on Steam i have an extra 60 to add to my growing collection of hours."
,Recommended,427520,25734481,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Humnbrd,"Money well spent. There's so much to learn and do in this game. At first, it seemed very complicated, but after a few hours of messing around, I figured everything out, thanks to the wiki and amazing guides on Steam. But 10/10 would recommend this game."
76561198347956368,Recommended,427520,29853404,Posted: 11 February,all,Edward Blom hellcase.comCSGO500,1. build2. build more3. killing aliens4. research5. even more bulding6. more alien killing7. design ur factory8. EVEN MORE U CAN DO!!!! :DDDDDDDD
,Recommended,427520,29837505,Posted: 10 February,all,IanPobs13,"This game has been, and will always be, a great strategy game, in which scenarios run differently each time you start up a new game. It makes you analyze, and strategize on how you will design the perfect (or near-perfect) factory. It is a really good simulator for problem solving, and would definitely be worth it for those who play the game in their first time.In short: It's like math, but with more fun, more explosions, and more thrills. :)"
,Recommended,427520,29839244,Posted: 10 February,all,jeffman201,Really cool and fun game fast dev responce time and even more fun with mods. 8/10
76561197989449463,Recommended,427520,29820307,Posted: 10 February,all,janus,The Forest Fire Simulator
76561198013330908,Recommended,427520,29815148,Posted: 9 February,all,horseVSpig,Best game ever
,Recommended,427520,29815566,Posted: 9 February,all,MrRegs,This game is highly additive... Easily lose track of time... Just 5 more minutes!   ...I love it...
76561197997355299,Recommended,427520,23770760,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lejving,"I'm a fan of different building games and simulations and the sorts. But no other game has come close to Factorio, the fact that basically everything connects with everything in the game (inserters for example can pretty much remove or insert any item to any building) and basically zero bugs just makes this game astounding compared to others. But everything isn't simply amazing, there are a lot of features from the regular version that are missing, oh wait they thought of that too: there's a whole bunch of mods out there that are easy to install (and with the upcoming 0.13 mod portal even easier) which makes the gaming experience just superb. A little bit fps drop though (my i7 6700 should handle this) for extremly big bases (with over millions of entities) knocks this game out from a perfect 10 to a 9.5/10. If you like any building game and your time to vanish - get this game, and regret it later when you're destryoing your family because of this simply perfect addictive game."
76561197975873675,Recommended,427520,23765602,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Obsidian_Razor,"Highly addictive.  Graphics could be better, but I really enjoy optimizing the production lines!"
76561197977744587,Recommended,427520,30803916,Posted: 28 March,all,TurboHop,"If you like building things, this is the game. Although not fancy 3D graphics, the challenge is more than enough to keep your attention.  My first game took a few hours, and I realized I wanted to start fresh. My second game took about 42 hours after which I launched a rocket into space with a satellite. This was no easy feat, as you must build production lines for large numbes of products that each enable more complex products and enable a comlex tree of research goals.  Although I won the game, I still have not touched on many aspects of the game such as fighting aliens and building train routes.  Yes, this is worth the money."
,Recommended,427520,23780170,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dodo,"Great and very addictive game. It was slow, productive wise, at first but it gradually became easier and I learned along the way."
76561198161518070,Recommended,427520,23807173,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Danjamin,"Its like minecraft, fun until you know how to play."
,Recommended,427520,23742513,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Thelegend5550,"Its Absoultly amazing. Everything about this game is Fantastic! All I really want to learn and know how to do is be a mod maker and make more trains and such for the game. Althought, I really wish multiplayer on this game was improved as in, I wish we could join people Thorugh steam."
,Recommended,427520,23734346,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Harde Henkert,"This game has aspects of my favourite gaming-genres; Tower Defence, City/Base building, Conquest (Age of Empires) and Tycooning. The graphics look nostalgic and 'old', but work extremely well. The way they mechanical arms and drills slow down when power is low looks extremely good and makes the factory come to life.Just cleared my first 'random map' with all settings on medium. It took me 33h:48m:15s, but was worth it completely. The game is not hard, rather I feel the difficulty is always on point, due to the freedom you have when building your factory, and the enemies only get stronger when you progress yourself. So unless you venture deep into enemy territory, (with little to no equipment), I don't see how you can lose.The biggest challenge is in the game's logistics. I tried to make a factory without logistic robots, but I found them to be extremely useful when I caved and started building them. Next time I'll try to rush them and use as little belts as possible. Or maybe go for some exteme-railroad system, instead of simple 1-rail trains.I feel the end-game armor is a bit underpowered, especially compared to the tank that you can research relatively early in the game. I didn't even bother researching the final defensive armor option, as I couldn't see it was worth all the resources in both research and to fabricate the equipment itself.I am mostly looking forward to playing this game multiplayer with some friends when they decide to buy it!"
76561198040735049,Recommended,427520,23761963,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Margarita Ville,"great game, still in early access but entirely playable and fun. if they introduce literally any feature, its worth the money. multiplayer has slightly too much lag but all it affects are cars and tanks, otherwise its nearly unnoticeable."
76561198114265044,Recommended,427520,23350414,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,JamesMG21,This game is amazing its really fun and can be very addictive. You can clearly see a lot of work has been put in by the developer/s. This game is practicly america simulater in the way that you build factorys pollute the planet and drill for OIL!!!!! But overall its a fantastic game
,Recommended,427520,23607369,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Synackk,"Holy hell this game is good.  Release quality game and they're still not finished with it.  If you get bored with the base game there are literally thousands of mods for you to enjoy.Buy this game and play it, you'll get at least 100-200 hours of play out of your 20  bucks."
76561198138013515,Recommended,427520,23604289,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,🅱️r0ct0r,"Factorio caught me with about 2 hours of gameplay in the demo. I bought the game and since my purchase, I rarely play other games. The game has you building a massive factory (or multiple to maximize resource consumption) with the final goal to launch rockets into space. You must research a large amount of topics including material processing (each research has multiple tiers), oil processing, electricity expansion, chemical processing, and etc. You are forced to become an engineer and build your machinery in ways so everything can work together, defend everything, and speed up your processing. Though it is a very fun and addictive game, it is also focused towards a specific crowd. If you do not like 3rd-person world management games, this is not for you. Although, if you do like those types of games, this game will keep you going for hours upon hours of building, rearranging your machinery, and finding the most efficent way to do things.There are other aspects to this game, however, which I have not played yet, which are co-op/multiplayer and mods.Factorio is an extremely well-made engineering game to make you think hard and smart, but is only entertaining to those who like this type of game, so be aware. It will certainly keep you involved for a good while. 8.5/10."
,Recommended,427520,23603793,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,1969 ford f100,Do you like minecraft? do you like moded minecraft? well Factorio is a vanilla moded minecraft you may think the graphics look like crap well... your right but this game is [graphics 6/10][gameplay 9.5/10][style 20/10] and everything combined ∞/∞
76561198085726012,Recommended,427520,22743956,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,KendrickLlama,"Ok i have 2 changes to this game that i think would be better. 1 able to pick your stuff up when you die. To me and some of my friends picking your stuff up when you die would be a big help. 2 chairs, couches, etc i think you could add seats and all that so if someone has to do something then they can sit down. You don't have to add these but i would recommend them."
76561198138592480,Recommended,427520,23127349,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nervey,"To those who loves micromanage, i would recommend the game to you. If you only like to micromanage stuff, you can select the setting enemies never attack first, but no matter how you will still need them for later production, just remember to build up defences before you start attacking them."
76561198065382631,Recommended,427520,23127804,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheTicTocMan,"I'm starting to play this game in real life it seems. When I pass by railroad tracks, I make sure the signals are in the right place to avoid a collision. I chastise the electric companies who put the wrong type of electric pole by a building. Shouldn't they have used a medium pole to cover a wider area? This game is taking over my life. I don't know if this is a problem, but other games do this to me too. After playing Minecraft, I seem to trim the bushes outside my house square. When I have to venture out into RL after playing Metal Gear Solid: TPP, I want to attach a balloon to every shipping container. I just don't know anymore.Anyways, if you like organizing stuff and making stuff to stuff better, this is a great game. If you have OCD, you might want to stay away. If you don't have OCD, you will soon. I've already been gone to long, I wonder if that copper ore patch has dried up yet..."
,Recommended,427520,23433147,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,k a r u z a,You like Tycoon? RPG? Survival? Tower Defense? but you dont have that much money? This is the perfect game for you!
,Recommended,427520,23435288,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Nicholado,Worth every penny I spent on it.multiplayer is weird to set up because there is no Steam Mulitplayer but is Easy to set up Using EvolveI strongly recommend this game to any who just wants to sit back relax and have a fun time on their own or with some Buddies
,Recommended,427520,23467771,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Morigani,"One of the best games I've played, ever."
,Recommended,427520,23465545,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Hex,"Just an amazing game. A great early access title, and game I'm general."
,Recommended,427520,23444607,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Totenkreuz,"I haven't been this addicted to a game in a very long time. It reminds me of playing RollerCoasterTycoon2 as a kid, but with factories and fighting aliens instead. Basically it's those Buildcraft mods for Minecraft but ONLY that.10/10 would build a great wall again."
,Recommended,427520,23467800,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Pig Rider K,I am sad I didn't find this earlier...
,Recommended,427520,23471279,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,coTTy,"Hate this game :/ It's so addicting :(No,really...This game is worth every $$$"
76561197977401244,Recommended,427520,23175576,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BlackWolf,"OMG, its being a while i didnt get an adictive sandbox like this, worth 25$ for this and. BEST FUN VS $"
,Recommended,427520,23176059,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,i8aMooCow,"This game is addicting as hell. I finished a 12 hour work day, got home and played this for 10 hours straight without even realizing it... I can't wait to see what its like when its finished."
76561198164939783,Recommended,427520,23173492,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Neil Breen,"A very good and addictive game but when your coal reserves start running out for your boilers and you start having a giant blackout and your base is being defended by laser turrets that use electricity and coincedentally at the same time this happens, a giant alien attack is underwa, destroy your turrets and walls of that part of the base, enter and pillage♥♥♥♥♥♥your green and blue science automators and half your electric furnaces, you start thinking if you should keep living"
76561198038858153,Recommended,427520,23175093,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,myt68,"The Game that keeps on giving....Always wanting to ""build a better mousetrap""Definitely one of the best games I have EVER playedBuilding - goodresource collection - goodbad guys all over the map - goodtech tree - goodFactioro - Real Good"
76561198202793028,Recommended,427520,23177781,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Deadpool,Super ♥♥♥♥ing complicated but it will keep you entertaine for hours! 10/10
76561198155065276,Recommended,427520,23176601,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,creed,"the game is good but it has some problems. it glitches out and the screen goes white, you cannot read anything i do reccomend it just please fix thease bugs"
76561198257407295,Recommended,427520,23141962,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ripper27,This game is awesome!!!!
,Recommended,427520,23142275,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[TJR] Flt-Admiral Y-11,"The science of Factories. Much like with the science of war machines, it's mostly about getting the damn thing to work properly. But, as with the science of war machines, it's the building of the machines that makes this game fun.You're constantly trying to figure out how to make an auotmatic system that can manufacture this and that. ""Where will this conveyor belt go, where will this inserter be placed, how can I set this up so that it suppies that over there?"" These are the questions you'll ask constantly.But you'll mostly ask, ""Where the ♥♥♥♥ did all of my ____ GO?! Why isn't this being supplied with ____?! WHere's the ♥♥♥♥ING JAM ON THE BELTS?!""Nevertheless, you build your automatic science pack machines and hope to god the bugs don't screw everything up like it's a Starship Troopers movie."
,Recommended,427520,23161189,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,rorystarkiller13,"I would say that this would be a fun game. To be honest, idk what im doingmost of the time. Thats why I wanted to join my friend so he could teach me. But the servers are so complicated that we tryed a third party server making thing and it still didn't work. In the next update I would like a way to join a friends game using the ""Shift Tab"" steam menu. I would recomend the game if you like to play alone and want to learn by your self"
,Recommended,427520,21955349,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Major Witty,Like an open ended puzzle / logistical game. Fun single and multiplayer (had 8 players at once) over LAN and Internet. My family enjoys playing this game solo or co-op mulitplayer. The 5 and 7 year old boys like to focus on military. The 10 and 12 year old daughters and mom like to do everything. The train systems and robotic logistical networks are a big plus. This game is still early access and looking forward to more content!
76561198154314860,Recommended,427520,30781578,Posted: 27 March,all,Patrick Star,"10/10getting hit by a train, genocide with aleins, etc."
,Recommended,427520,23114558,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Thegearnoob,Well after playing for 6 hours and finally getting 60% of my factory ravaged by aliens cuz i forgot to turn peaceful ON i gotta say for being one of the first games i bought on steam its pretty good single player the multiplayer is a pain but it runs smooth and finally if you like base building games that you can mod to bits if you ever get bored this game is for you 10/10 it could even be an 11 but honestly the graphics arent the best.
76561198051646318,Recommended,427520,27828637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jakob35,Awesome game!If you like creating automated (and eventually complicated) systems of machines then this is for you!10/10
76561198086405577,Recommended,427520,27870748,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Epicpoptart,"This is a game that will most likely consume hours of your life, so relationships aren't recommended before or after an unintentional 10 hour Factorio session.The overall complexity of the game is great, but not made for everybody. Factorio is a game that is tailored to a specific audience, but it will instantly pull that audience in.Whole-heartedly recommend Factorio"
,Recommended,427520,21827908,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,</Halosin8>,"""5 more minutes""Edge of TomorrowAfter the aliens fully evolve they get smarter and eat your base.Hopfully you have multiple saves.73.0 hrs last two weeks and I just got it two weeks ago and work 60+ hours a week."
,Recommended,427520,26841825,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nareese,"There is a reason why this game has 98% positive reviews.  The Early Access tag on this game is a bit of a misnomer.  The game is a mature, solid, robust experience, that will have you staying up later than you should to finish just one more research, one more processing area, one more biter hive to destroy.  Better quality, playability and re-playability than many AAA full-release games.   Massive multi-branching tech tree.  Perfect for anyone who likes tech based builders.  More than worth $20 at this point.  It would be a good deal at twice the price."
76561197965973660,Recommended,427520,27870335,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,KlokkeBlomst,Just 5 more min.Every day  ! My wife hate this game because i lose track of time.Best game ever :D
,Recommended,427520,27867856,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TnTpro,This game is the best i created the catogory in the other tab for the steam awards 2016 first and finest meaning it was the first game i got on steam and one of my most played and favorite
76561197962735746,Recommended,427520,27869567,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Saunis,Absolutly brilliant game!
76561198055312048,Recommended,427520,27869707,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arigen,"Factorio: so much wow, so much belt, so much Factorio"
,Recommended,427520,27856779,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bogge,Amazing game
76561197963864570,Recommended,427520,27858270,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Unbleest,I love the Game 10/10
,Recommended,427520,27858537,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pork,Robots building spaceships.
76561198092103022,Recommended,427520,27863773,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Maxeruu,love this game :3
,Recommended,427520,27864032,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Avatar[DJedi],This is the best game I played in 2016. And probably from there on out too.
76561198152658187,Recommended,427520,27860230,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MutilatedCheese,"Great game, it's lots of fun."
76561198082966500,Recommended,427520,27864226,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jidbo,This game is really fun espacially when you play it with friends.
,Recommended,427520,29023280,Posted: 4 January,all,cygnus,"I am the instrument through which the machines flow, the tool through which ultimate perfection is reached.I comprehend the every working of my creation.I am the force that drives the world of metal and might.I make. I destroy. I progress the collective forward.The beauty is beyond the fathoming of mortals or individuals, it encompasses all and it is all.It takes, as so many little roots in a tree, the nutrients essential for life, it creates, like a colony of ants, a system beyond understanding of any one being (save one, the creator), a system which is simply made up of the individual parts.You will experience this.You will know what I know, feel what I feel.When you first slip into the meta-consciousness that is the world of this game, it will come to you.Not in one moment, but slowly, without you realizing, you will understand what I speak of.And then you will be one."
,Recommended,427520,29071511,Posted: 6 January,all,JOVANA.Sykes,"Best early access game i've ever played. Really well built.If you like automation and crafting, this is a blast!"
76561198198771314,Recommended,427520,29071898,Posted: 6 January,all,Yugmine,Factorio is brilliant. All you need to do is build an automated factory and doing that is a lot of fun. I'd recommend this game to anyone!
76561198041346478,Recommended,427520,29072502,Posted: 6 January,all,Ninjajalapeno,This is a fun game. Hard to stop playing.I hate big worms. It's satisfying when you finally build a tank and run them over.
76561197977541657,Recommended,427520,28946639,Posted: 2 January,all,alukaiser,"I'm sure everything good about this game has already been written, but I felt I had to contribute a thumbs up to the game I've played the most in my steam library.Just when you think it's getting boring, install some mods. Totally new game."
,Recommended,427520,28924101,Posted: 1 January,all,SasDominator,it is good
76561198237651194,Recommended,427520,28925879,Posted: 1 January,all,Tyusgirl,i have played almost 48hrs of this game and i dont usally play games for that long
76561198144726341,Recommended,427520,29015129,Posted: 4 January,all,Blue10Bolt.gg,Very fun :)
,Recommended,427520,29019819,Posted: 4 January,all,Lokificent,"I'm always a bit scared to pick this game back up and start playing, and I haven't even finished it once!Why? I just get stuck working on stuff here, make sure everything is automated there, and then something isn't working because of some minor changes. That's what Factorio does best: It makes you fix and improve your factory all the time - without ever feeling tedious or repetitive.Factorio is one of those games that sucks you right in and doesn't let go!"
,Recommended,427520,29020292,Posted: 4 January,all,Kiwi,good
,Recommended,427520,30108457,Posted: 22 February,all,lucasgrathouse,"I was legitimately addicted to this game. My mother and my girlriend sat me down and told me they didn't like what the game had turned me into. Then Factorio told me in my dream that they were just jealous and I should shut them out. Factorio wouldn't lie. I locked myself away from them, but they persisted. So did Factorio. Long story short I still play the game and I haven't seen another human being in 4 months.10/10 would sit through another intervention for 10 more minutes on the game"
76561198295361136,Recommended,427520,29367542,Posted: 19 January,all,Armsarmor,"this game is really great! it takes some time yo learn the fundamentals, but gets easier later on"
,Recommended,427520,27881799,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,bumtickley,"A game about automation, resource management, and flamethrower-assisted alien genocide. 10/10"
76561198125333556,Recommended,427520,28543247,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Che\/y,Im just afraid to run the game now because I would probably sink in another 60 hours into a new game
,Recommended,427520,31158278,Posted: 15 April,all,bossquake,buy it
76561198074383621,Recommended,427520,28726099,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,locked797,"Good game, more finished then alot of games out of early access."
,Recommended,427520,28393142,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,mr.viruS|#[           ],Sick game. Buy it . PLAY IT.then realise how♥♥♥♥♥♥u are at it.Cry in the corner.
76561198093407689,Recommended,427520,26685560,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LeadMagnet,11/10 would buy a game about making spaghetti again.
,Recommended,427520,29522033,Posted: 27 January,all,HeavensDevil {NL},This game is pure Crack cocain on steroids with a tip of alchohol and weedsimply astonishing
76561197980100192,Recommended,427520,25845836,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Slowpoke,"I was only 20 years old, I loved Factorio so much, I had all the tech upgrades and alien atrifacts.I'd play Factorio every noon before i'd go to bed in the morning and then forgiving it for all the life it took from me: ""Factorio is love"" i say; ""Factorio is life"".My dad hears me and calls me a nerd, i called him a manual laborer, He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep.I'm crying now and my face hurts, I lay in bed and its really cold.Suddenly, Pollution seeps towards me, It's Factorio. I'm so happy.It whispers im my ear ""This is my planet.""It grabs me with its powerful stack inserters and starts the mining drills. I'm ready.I open my pipes for Factorio, it starts the pumpjacks, my storage tanks are overflowing.I can feel the steam engine running as the boilers starts heating up the water.I saturates its electricity, I want to please Factorio.The sound of a thousand construction robots roars as they fill my assembling machines with high tech modules.My dad walks in.Factorio looks him straight in the eyes and says: ""It's all automated now""Factorio leaves through my window.Factorio is love. Factorio is life."
,Recommended,427520,26869647,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheGreySeawolf,"Hands down the best game to play when you want to be lazy and watch your production go up. If you like Tekkit or other games with automation, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,427520,27004660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heimitoge Guy,"Once you get a hold of the game, the game gets a hold of you."
,Recommended,427520,24290423,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,lewds give me life,its 1 am and i just spent 3ish hours making my giant♥♥♥♥♥train station work. i forgot i should sleep. buy this now
,Recommended,427520,27613635,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Athrygg,I like this game.
,Recommended,427520,27315053,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tricolored Crow,"Evening, its 2:00 AM""OK, im done, ive automated the belts, factories and items, ill head tosleep.........Oh?This belt isnt getting enough resources.""2 hours later""Right, ive build a secondary smelting line, connected 3 new iron ore sources to the train network, and ive killed every bug in a 3 km radius, save aaaand........whats this? Science isnt flowing?""They called the mortitian after a week."
76561198204405053,Recommended,427520,26573407,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Quartz Pillar,"Started up a new world.Journeyed really far.Got myself killed.Sweet.Now I can start building a base.Get some resources.Think the game is pretty good.A few hours later, and I have forgotten to drink water.I decide I should drink water.I come back and continue.Its midnight, I probably should stop.Just one more wall...I look out of my window, it is morning.My base is too large to fit on the map.This game is very good.I have set up so many electronics and advanced stuff I think I should be good for today.I go to sleep.I wake up.Again, I must play.This game is amazing."
76561198041003386,Recommended,427520,25914712,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Moreno,Skynet Simulator 2016
,Recommended,427520,29152990,Posted: 9 January,all,.SneakyJew,5 minutes after joining a friend's newly created game I was hooked.
76561198134958812,Recommended,427520,29152291,Posted: 9 January,all,Camen Syder,This would be in my top 10 of games to date if it had any end game content. Everything build ends up lost and insignificant once you hit a certain point in the game.
76561198006517779,Recommended,427520,29132295,Posted: 8 January,all,Maligant,Incredible game. If you're looking for something that allows you to stretch your creative and logistic muscles while at the same time satisfiying your quench for RTS and BURNING EVERYTHING itches then look no further. This is your opportunity to pollute a world living in perfect harmony by itself and destroy an entire eco system as well as the safe living conditions for an alien species. That in itself is its own reward.
,Recommended,427520,29153984,Posted: 9 January,all,rebark,"Have you ever played a game like Minecraft or Don't Starve and thought to yourself, ""If only I could skip over or automate all this boring resource gathering, I could truly realize my VISION for this world!""Factorio will show you the folly of such thoughts. It will give you the tools to realize a perfect autonomous wonderland that turns iron ore into robotic exoskeletons, and then when you forget a conveyor belt or misplace a robotic arm somewhere, it will point and laugh. More than laugh, it will send little alien gremlins to pull at the threads of your factory until it all unravels.""How's that perfect vision working out for you now, genius?""Factorio makes me start scribbling production flowcharts on the back of receipts, and if I play it any more I will probably start dreaming about coordinating rail delivery schedules.This game is excellent. You should buy it - and you should buy it at full price, because I am told that it basically NEVER goes on sale. Also the devs deserve your support."
,Recommended,427520,29154102,Posted: 9 January,all,SMURG-11,"Awesome, addicting, and fun. The real game deserving of the ""just 5 more minutes"" award."
,Recommended,427520,29155507,Posted: 9 January,all,Galactu The Destroyer,420/69 Would wood wüdPlay it its good would reccommend
76561198146101471,Recommended,427520,29141831,Posted: 9 January,all,Tony Hix,"The worst side effect of this game is when you become a veteran and then watch noobs play the game, it will make you want to vomit out your insides knowing you cannot help those poor little creatures."
76561198124441866,Recommended,427520,29175211,Posted: 10 January,all,Bad Toro,"Factorio has been an amazing game for me.I just couldn't stop playing, I needed more circuits, so I added more production, which meant I needed more iron, which meant I increased smelting, which meant I needed more ore income, so I added more miners. With all of that, my power started getting lower, so i added more engines, but then I needed more coal.This game is the best example I can think of for, ""Just 5 more minutes!"".Overall it has been an excellent, and very enjoyable experience. I look forward to seeing where the devs take this game in the future."
76561198237996656,Recommended,427520,28740054,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Solunardaydream,"This game is the definition of addicting. I cannot stress how good it is. It is so good that it is bad. Not bad in the sense of content, but bad in the sense of staying inside for days at a time just playing Factorio. Bad in the sense of forgetting you had plans, remembering you had plans at the last minute, and then saying who needs plans when you have Factorio. We should all honestly be concerned because the devs could basically get us to do anything they wanted if they told us that in return we would get something really cool in a coming update. I must admit though... I would probably be one of the people to join in the thing they wanted us to do. Who doesn't want some cool new thing for Factorio. That guy that has not yet heard of Factorio is who. On a serious note, tell your friends about the game and tell them to tell their friends to tell thier friends to tell thier friends to tell thier friends ect. I am in love with this game and it is probably going to kill me. Thank you Dev team for this beautiful creation that will make me lose all of my friends and potential employment. Please continue to update and update and update. This is most definitely my favorite game of all time."
76561198093355551,Recommended,427520,28901828,Posted: 1 January,all,The_ReaPo,"The game is like crack. Takes a while to get used to, but impossible to stop."
,Recommended,427520,28896662,Posted: 1 January,all,steueydog,"I LOVE LOVE LOVE THSI GAME. When i first bought the game it was to play with a few friends. So obviously i did the campaign/tutorial and it was to learn how to play the game isoon fell in love with the game and played it for a long long time and i still am going to play (havent played resently busy) there are a few things that could be improved upon like more uses for the fish instead of just the healing factor and maybe some more factors for like danger like hunger and thirst or something like that. Also maybe make the aliens harder lategame instead of just getting the flamethrower and killing all the aliens nearby and being safe for the rest of the game. Overeall I love the game and hope more updates and new things coming into the game. I feel like there is a ton of potential for success and I love the work of everyone involved in the making of the game music, design, everything. Keep up the good work.-love,steuey"
76561198136636045,Recommended,427520,28899263,Posted: 1 January,all,Deantjie,"A must have for any avid strategy gamer. Having only brushed the surface of it's capabilities, Factorio delivers a mind blowing creative experience. From crafting, to building, to defending and extending, your factory will develop a life of it's own as you continue to automate and develop your own logical processes. It's problem solving at it's best! Can't wait to see what the future holds for this game as it continues to be developed."
,Recommended,427520,28900427,Posted: 1 January,all,Sgt Iron Horse,This game is amazing. The base game is a complicated orchestra of making machines and automating everything. When you start adding mods it really gets crazy.
,Recommended,427520,28911346,Posted: 1 January,all,Yunua,"Most addicting game ever made!Buy it, buy it now!"
,Recommended,427520,27998091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tigerslicer,A resource collection and crafting game without the boring or tedious parts. All collection and crafting can be automated so you never have to do the same thing over and over and over like in so many other games. Time somehow slips away from you when you play this game and hours go by without even realizing. Very good game.
,Recommended,427520,28001294,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chewie,"This is an extremely fun and addictive survival crafting, which focuses on automation.  This game has a surprising amount of depth for an early access game.  Between managing the conveyors, circuitry logic, blueprints/construction bots, logistics robots and rail networks, you’ll find Factorio has all the tools you need to build a smart and efficient automated factory.  I just recently completed my second play through getting the “Lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥” achievement, which really puts your automation skills to the test and forced me to explore aspects of the game I hadn’t in my previous play through."
76561198076409092,Recommended,427520,28495501,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KextractoR,Friend: What are you doing!?Me: Just burning down this forest to make space for my oil pipelineFriend: Isn't that bad for the environment?Me: Pfffffftt!
,Recommended,427520,30980801,Posted: 6 April,all,[BMG] Redilas,Automation dream game! A lot of fun. Reminds me of coding.
76561198182517570,Recommended,427520,28354456,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MiningPie,"How did I get off this game at 9:50 PM. I should've been off it by 2:00 AM, But seriously, this game is awesome, get it now or beg to you're parents every hour to get this game."
76561198009169625,Recommended,427520,28357062,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RaveNess,"Great game, intricate and innovative. Love the theme and a go to game when I'm thinking what to play.+ The Price is rounded to the whole dollar, not 99c, the only organisations that I've experience that round are genuine ones that arent there to make that quick buck."
76561197972797160,Recommended,427520,25596479,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,RagheadBandit,really wanted to play this game but when i dont even have it 2 mins and already get CTD messages then sorry refund time.With the imeediate help and patience from Kloan one of the developers I was able to solve my issue with the game.
,Recommended,427520,25572232,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,`_',Why dev screw me over?
76561198083352926,Recommended,427520,26307559,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Squidopus,It was not my cup of tea but give it a try it might be yours.
76561198011874707,Recommended,427520,26158504,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Foxtrot Quebec,More addictive than heroin.
76561198047610779,Recommended,427520,30256335,Posted: 1 March,all,Sloth,"20 hours in, I have erected teh great Trump city, followed with operation ♥♥♥♥ the aliens and contructed a large wall. Ended the game by launching the three headed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rocket deep into enemy space. Welcome to factorio.one of the best games i've ever played. Hands down."
,Recommended,427520,30256622,Posted: 1 March,all,King of the Trill,"This game is as addicting as it gets, get ready to have hours slip by. You'll never be bored"
,Recommended,427520,30219703,Posted: 27 February,all,Kannashi 也许,Hard but satisfying 10/10
76561198197321487,Recommended,427520,30263466,Posted: 1 March,all,The Entire,This game is the most addicting game i've played yet! Couldn't be a better game.
,Recommended,427520,30254162,Posted: 28 February,all,DisRuptive1,It's quite complex in a weirdly relaxing sort of way (and the game isn't even finished).This is in regards to version 0.14
76561198009729951,Recommended,427520,30249913,Posted: 28 February,all,Tevarian,"This game is not recommended if you have OCD.  Seriously, you will be forever redoing conveyor belts until it's perfect and this will consume your life."
76561198088730296,Recommended,427520,30249550,Posted: 28 February,all,ezzysam,WARNING: PLAY IT AND YOU'LL TIME WARP EVERY 4-6 HOURS
,Recommended,427520,30250481,Posted: 28 February,all,tsyned,"I have never played a game as much as I played Factorio. It is fun, challenging and creative, what you are working towards probably needs to change as it is not terribly difficult to achieve, but the goal is not why most play. It is fun to figure out new designs, test mods, see what other players have been doing on YouTube and try them out for yourself. I love Factorio and will continue to play :)"
76561198001533000,Recommended,427520,27522043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blown,"This game sets the bar, I have sucesfully defended against the onslaught of a world covered in bugs, a laser defense network requires 200mw of energy and seiges will drain my 11GJ powerbank in under 40 seconds. My base is run by a computer designed by myself and effectively manages production and supply. 30 trains are required to keep up my blistering rate of expansion and I will only be done when all of the bugs are dead."
76561198143271274,Recommended,427520,30227790,Posted: 27 February,all,A.J,WTF... I downloaded the game 20 hours ago... and it says I have 20 hours on record...
76561198275545381,Recommended,427520,30230177,Posted: 27 February,all,Godfather,"Down listen to other people. If you like too build and solve problems, get this game...."
,Recommended,427520,30304861,Posted: 3 March,all,Vasto4Lorde,Fantastic sandbox game..Tons of cool mods..9/10
76561198015663188,Recommended,427520,30357088,Posted: 6 March,all,Mazawrath,Yes x 100
,Recommended,427520,30354947,Posted: 6 March,all,sempat4ever,make sure to never use console cheat command.
,Recommended,427520,30359337,Posted: 6 March,all,TripleThis,"Factorio is an infinite open world game where you build and collect resources to get more advanced and set up your own factory. You can smelt ores, make electricity, manage a network, make machines, automate, and more! However there is a more darker side... Build walls and turrets to protect your base from aliens. I recommend this game to play with friends."
,Recommended,427520,30352183,Posted: 5 March,all,Stephen,Wowzers
76561198046709405,Recommended,427520,30351228,Posted: 5 March,all,Valbo,Nice game to play with friends. I love just making endless lines of turrets just to make sure there was no way the monsters could break anything
76561197992059952,Recommended,427520,30319585,Posted: 4 March,all,scubasteve,"Undoubtedly and easily one of if not the greatest game ever made.Imagine a cross of Sim CIty, Civilizations, then chuck in some Red Alert in there for good measure.Some incredibly diverse mods have been made by a very talented community. These will smooth over some of the rougher patches in the game, help you learn what you're actually doing, and extend the lifetime of the game immeasurably. What starts off as a beatifully simle and addictive game will soon have you using circuits and math co-processors to regulate your nuclear power plants to avoid meltdown, or running incredibly sophisticated robot or rail systems.I'm sure this game wouldn't appeal to every mind, but if you like building♥♥♥♥♥♥ and solving problems as they arise, this game could not be more suited to you."
76561198354412159,Recommended,427520,30324896,Posted: 4 March,all,Trasher,"This game is the best game i have ever played. Greatest thanks tothe creator, hoping for updates on wind and hydroelectric or geothermal electricity, or nucleatr power. FIVE STARS."
76561198081036261,Recommended,427520,30318295,Posted: 4 March,all,blobby383b,Step 1 Mine a bitStep 2 Place machinesStep 3 AutomationStep 4 Profit?Step 5 Rockets and Space!A really fun game where you spend hours at a time building up a automated base to build a rocket silo just watch out for the biters.
,Recommended,427520,30321581,Posted: 4 March,all,XionPlayz ツ,"If you like thinking this game is great for you.In Factorio you build a huge factory that wil produce items for you.But instead of dealing with money and such, you build on an unknown planet with creatures that want to attack your bace if you pollute too much, after a while you can rely on solar panels and accumulators to make power, but that is a challenge to pruduce the components, and even with green energy you are gonna need some space for the rest of the production and what is the sulution, well just make a flamethrower or a tank, with the oil facility that you set up for plastic to get research you have more than egnought oil to make that flamethrower with ammo to take out that nest of ""aliens"".i personaly like tihs game because you gotta think and that you dont have to think about running out of money you have bto think about enemies and to produce egnought. its the perfect game of thinking and producing!"
,Recommended,427520,30323639,Posted: 4 March,all,lorin,sneak preview of the things to come
,Recommended,427520,30348578,Posted: 5 March,all,[SL] Urethra Danklin,"Played 20 hours in the first 24 i had it.♥♥♥♥♥♥is addicting fam, buy it."
76561197970285751,Recommended,427520,30348186,Posted: 5 March,all,Mago,"Chop, mine, pollute, and build toward a fish and a rocket."
,Recommended,427520,30301078,Posted: 3 March,all,Lt. Shaq,its super!
76561198137342105,Recommended,427520,29534778,Posted: 27 January,all,Bell.justin06,Once i figured out how to get the game to work by adding in some code to the start this game was amazing! i couldnt stop playing it online and off. ive recommended to friends to play with them. I hope they make it where you dont need to insert a code to the start menu to make it work. Hope to see you in the game!
,Recommended,427520,31379300,Posted: 26 April,all,bob37041541,"Wake upFactorioLunchFactorioDinnerFactorioOh, i can't sleep"
,Recommended,427520,31323909,Posted: 23 April,all,Tobey Maguire,just too amazing.
76561197970535305,Recommended,427520,31295789,Posted: 22 April,all,redrum,Belts!
,Recommended,427520,31301981,Posted: 22 April,all,The Medic,"The game is fantastic once you find the flow that works well for you. For early access this game is alot of fun with a fair amount of replay value although when you start it can be a bit of a grind. This game is much better with friends as your base tends to grow exponetially the more peope you have and the overall picture you gain as you realize howalrge your base has become is extremely satifying.Content is being added every now and again, is sometimes a bit slow to come out however but the game is very stable."
,Recommended,427520,31308679,Posted: 22 April,all,Panch,Not a typical game.It's actually hard to call this one as a game.It's really detailed and so enjoyable.Feels like you achieved something important in life when you build stuff.
,Recommended,427520,28584275,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,daveb22,This game is truly amazing
,Recommended,427520,31346296,Posted: 24 April,all,WhatF*ckRP,0.15 update is finally here.My fully functioning factory under 0.14 is completely broken.Tell my family and friends I love them.Goodbye sleep.
76561198057776762,Recommended,427520,31342661,Posted: 24 April,all,MJMichael,"""Finally after 10 hours my factory is perfectly automated. Oh, whats that? A new tech tier, but i don't have enough space. Better start all over again.""10/10 Would demolish hours of work again."
76561198055371270,Recommended,427520,31330523,Posted: 23 April,all,Innocent Civilian,"Warning: This game is highly addictive and has numerous side effects such as no friends, frustration, OCD, loss of touch with reality, the constant need to do one more thing, MAJOR loss of time, and the need to exterminate the native populace""Do not listen to the negative reviews they are all lies or do not understand the game""Pros:$20 instead of the $19.99 BSaddictivebuilding factories/mega factoriesmodsbuilding more factoriessomewhat balanced enemiesbuilding even more factoriestaking frustration out on the nativesCons:NON-EXISTANT10/10 would lose life to factorio again"
76561198165379076,Recommended,427520,31243760,Posted: 19 April,all,hell dragons,the game is great but how would you get mods turned off when your game will not let you get to the mod to turn them off?
76561198075289934,Recommended,427520,31243770,Posted: 19 April,all,Ryanreborn,"Cracktorio, best $20 I've ever spent, also It's never supposed to go on sale so don't wait around just buy it."
,Recommended,427520,31245737,Posted: 19 April,all,McNutty,I thought they were joking when reviewer said you could see conveyor belts when you close your eyes or try to go to sleep.I was wrong.
,Recommended,427520,31240952,Posted: 19 April,all,Daniel L,fun
76561198201910583,Recommended,427520,31236241,Posted: 19 April,all,Pokecraftmaster,"This game is a lot of fun! Good time killer, not laggy, even on my year old computer, and it's just outright fun. It's surprizing how this game is still in early access when it seems like the game is complete! I can't wait to see the final product!"
76561198048960635,Recommended,427520,31184440,Posted: 16 April,all,Webriprob,"factorio was a great game, and worth it's price. it has some nice graphics and some interesting mechanics. the music was fine. and i liked having a efficient butling farctory. it has quite a few drawbacks though, first of all, servers are not the best, and someone who can host a server just fine, whilst hosting factorio will be buggy. also, the begining is incredibly slow and tedious. the progression phase is nice, but midgame is really boring and where i originally quit. this is because the endgame is ridicuosly hard to get to, and it doesn't feel rewarding to beat the game. there also needs to be more endgame content afrer beating the game. but I excuse this because it is in early acess. overall it's a nice game worth buying. i rate it an 8/10"
76561198166250941,Recommended,427520,31249168,Posted: 19 April,all,killerman1131,the reason i like this game so much is because the way you can make things in anyway you would want it to
76561198296041464,Recommended,427520,31254521,Posted: 20 April,all,Electromagnet HD,"I got this game a while back and really enjoyed it for a while. I was playing it with my friend and the game would constantly buffer. Sometimes it would log me out of the multiplayer. I'm starting to like the singleplayer again, after a long time. I just really want to play this game multiplayer. If it works for you, great."
,Recommended,427520,31255212,Posted: 20 April,all,大泽,"I am sorry I cannot survive long enough to make the escape. Maybe my son, wait I am alone here and there is no son or wife."
,Recommended,427520,31246852,Posted: 19 April,all,OnLY //,One of te best games ever.
76561197962105224,Recommended,427520,23751093,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PrimaNocte,A simple yet complicated great game!Are surely gonna log a lot of hours playing Factorio :-)
,Recommended,427520,31298108,Posted: 22 April,all,Casper,very addictive. good fun. worth the money
,Recommended,427520,31303747,Posted: 22 April,all,MR.albinocreeper,yes
,Recommended,427520,31312157,Posted: 22 April,all,Manaw,"Truly one of the best games in my Library, with among the highest replay value. It won't go on sale, but it's a steal even at double the price. It's extremely well done and surprisingly addictive."
,Recommended,427520,31311800,Posted: 22 April,all,NoBlackThunder,juup .. nice 2d game =)
76561198053309898,Recommended,427520,31289054,Posted: 21 April,all,Gylindril,Amazing Game if you love crafting/automating
,Recommended,427520,31089561,Posted: 11 April,all,Cizer Kozay,"I just recently finished the ""Lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and ""Logistic network embargo"" achievements. 211 hours of gameplay on the same map. Slow progression, calculated actions, and careful planning lead to such joy once it was finished.Looking forward to getting the other 29% of achievements."
,Recommended,427520,31057959,Posted: 10 April,all,Puffycheeses,This game is adicitive and really well made. There is constant dev updates and endless amounts of mods.The game runs at 60fps even with a mega factory on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop so dont let specs stop you from buying this!Trains
76561198101487230,Recommended,427520,29243527,Posted: 14 January,all,Buddz,Totally addicting.nothing more to say.
76561198261160483,Recommended,427520,29286637,Posted: 15 January,all,ph.taylor97,"A truely great game, and well worth the cost."
,Recommended,427520,31091171,Posted: 11 April,all,Tachyon,"Would not recommend this game if you love your family, value your health, or wish to lead a meaningful life.I bought the game at 7pm on a friday... I quit my first ""session"" 17 hours later.10/10 would give up on life for againFun, fast paced gameplay. A perfect mixture of PvPvE survival and Realt Time Strategy. The game has so much configurability, you can create so many worlds just as you want to play them. Hands down one of the best, most rewarding game purchases I've mad in a long time."
76561198031384864,Recommended,427520,31091477,Posted: 11 April,all,MCBigOil66,The concept of this game is truly fantastic. AUTOMATE EVERYTHING. If you want to lose a week or two of your life to transport belts then you should really buy this game.
76561198018570960,Recommended,427520,31081788,Posted: 11 April,all,Stroggo,I spent 6 hours automating my production. Freaky aliens destroyed it.I would do it again. 10/10.
76561198254890336,Recommended,427520,31085194,Posted: 11 April,all,bobzamida,"Lets Cut to the Chase: Is it Worth it to Buy? Here's the MEAT!Factorio is a very immersive management sim which I would highly recommend to friends. You spend time building up a number of automation systems which produce/refine and assemble resources with the objective of building a rocket that can leave the planet.There are 4 tiers of research each with unique benefits, it is relatively easy to jump in with minimum knowledge of how things work. As you feel the need to access new technologies they become available through research.This isn't necessarily a game you need to grind at in order to play, once an automation system is built depending on its efficiency it will continue to produce resources. If you have a lot going on in life you can pool resources and make large systems at quickly.The game is very addictive if you are a productivity ♥♥♥♥♥, you will be constantly tweaking and tuning every aspect of your automation systems in an effort to increase productivity.Only thing I do not like is the somewhat bland looking 2D graphics and the lack of enemies. One of the funnest things to do in this game is roll out of your huge factory with a tank, blow a bunch of aliens nests apart… only to build yet another.. FACTORY!"
,Recommended,427520,31077998,Posted: 11 April,all,Communist Running Simulator,I would slide around my house now like im running on conveyer belts if I could ever leave my computer
76561198080612146,Recommended,427520,29132984,Posted: 8 January,all,maybe alive,"Let me preface with Factorio being an excellent game. If you don't want to read a full review just know that there is a lot to do in this game and that you never really feel done with it. You can sink hours and hours into Factorio and still want more. There is always something that is not perfect that you want to fix which keeps you coming back.Now into the full review:Gameplay: The gameplay of Factorio is extemely smooth, except sevral occasions in multiplayer, and there is no lag whatsoever. There are many different mechanics that you have to get used to as you play, which makes restarting fun becuase you know how to be more efficient. Sometimes the game can feel grind, but you always are able to do more things, sometimes you just don't want to. Building, expanding, and finding new, more efficient ways to accomplish tasks can feel very rewarding and makes this gameplay 9/10. The only reason I don't give it a full 10/10 is because when you are waiting for research and don't have anything to do can be boring.Replayability: This game has very high replayablility because of every new mechanic you learn as you play. Also, because there are so many settings that can be varied in the map generator, every playthrough is different. The replayability on this game is a solid 10/10.Multiplayer: I think that this game having multiplayer really makes it worth its cost. Many games that are similar to this, that focus on making a sustainable source of income or material, don't have multiplayer, which can be such a fun part of these types of games. Playing with friends, assuming you have some, allows for multitasking to a new level. Coordinating building different parts of a factory and seeing the final product can be even more fun when you did it with someone else.   Just the fact that it has multiplayer, that it doesn't have any gimmicks, and that it is simple to use, makes the multiplayer 9/10 (-1 point because of some minor lag issues)Goal: Having an endgoal is very good, it allows for something that you can strive for. Lots of game genres have a style that makes it so the game can go on infinitely, without any goal, which lets players get too distracted or lost sometimes. This game perfectly blends a open world game, where you can chose what you want to do, with a singular goal that the player can achieve. 10/10 for this one.Overall, I think that Factorio is an amazing game that you should buy, or at least demo, just don't get sucked into the addiction of playing for hours on end. I rate the entire game a 9.5/10."
76561198004247518,Recommended,427520,29189787,Posted: 11 January,all,wursley,"There aren't many games that catch my attention anymore. All mainstream FPS, platform, puzzle, adventure whatever never go beyond a standard level of innovation. Seen it, played it.  A friend recommended I should check through the list of indie games. That's when I stumbled across this little gem... a resource gathering, automation, puzzle/strategy masterpiece.Factorio's simplicity and depth are outstanding. Get started in 5 minutes, and build build build. This is the one game everyone should try. Think minecraft but with less focus on placing blocks and moving and a MUCH bigger focus on crafting.I haven't had any stability or performance issues on my 2016 low-spec iMac. The graphics look dated, but show what's going on clearly and concisely.My only issue (a very minor one at that) is that I would like the game to be without the person you control. I just want to build and perfect my factories forever because the feeling you get when it is all working is so sweet!"
,Recommended,427520,29168483,Posted: 10 January,all,sodafountainjoy,"I thought my days of getting hooked on a particular game were over. Boy, was I wrong.I have been aware of other management style games for quite a while but none of them execute their intended purpose quite like Factorio. In a management game you want to manage and expand your works and you have the ability to actually do just that unlike in other similary styled games where you end up waiting around for your prospects to grow, finish, etc. It is hard to find a moment in Factorio where you are left waiting for something instead of being able to work or improve upon something yourself. The basis of automation makes that sound redundant but when you set off one machine or one set of machines off to manufacture a specific item or set of items you're free to go and work on or expand upon anything else you need. Sure, you could do one thing at a time and wait for production to happen but that would be obviously very inefficient and no one wants to be aware of their blatent inefficiency so you cannot come at the game saying that it is just like those other management games where you are left waiting on the game to complete whatever you started out on. There is always something else you can take to in the game whether it is increasing the efficiency of your current productions or creating new ones or connecting the existing works or even going beyond your central base factory and fighting off the alien swarms either on foot or in your car as you need to collect their resources to later research high end tech to further support your endeavors.I originally thought that I would be quite overwhelmed by the large scope and complexity of this game but it turns out I was quite wrong in that aspect because everything is explained in a tutorial as well as there being quick tooltips style instructions that pop up when you load back into a world to give you a brief overview on how things go in your world.Even after that, it is pretty easy to figure out how the crafting system works as there are pop up tiles when you look at a specific item in the crafting menu and it shows exactly what is required to make that said item. And what this game excells at is the fact that you do not need to do any redundant crafting. If you have the base materials required but did not make the second item required to make your final crafted item, the game will craft it automatically for you and then craft the final item so you do not need to waste any time doing any extra clicks that would just slow you down in the long run. But eventually you don't even need to do your own crafting manually as you will research factories which will do it all automatically for you and then you can connect those machines into the rest of your factory setup and your manufacturing lines will continue to grow.Don't expect this game to go on sale as the devs have stated that $20 is the price this game should be as it is ""unfinished""and because of that the title has never dropped in price so there is no need to wait any extra time to pick this one up as long is it is still in early access. Another plus is that the developers offer a free demo of the game if you are curious but not ready to drop a bill on this game and then refund it within 2 hours. I cannot reccomend this game enough as I am surprised how much I got into this game, being someone who generally cannot get himself into the general management genre of games. But this one has done the impossible.Normally, early-access is a red flag to most as it means an unfinished game that you should hold off on until the development has reached a further point but at no point in my experience in game did I think that it felt like an unfinished game. The polish is absolutely incredible for a game that is considered to still be in the category of early-access. The devs are just dedicated to pushing out future updates and content which are more than welcome in my opinion and will just make this game even greater than it is in its current state.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,29173082,Posted: 10 January,all,Snow Mage Ddon,"I have not had this game for very long, but I have enjoyed every minute of it so far! Looking forward to being able to write a more experienced review in the future :D"
76561198012413951,Recommended,427520,29157153,Posted: 9 January,all,★Frostdemon★,"Oh this looks cool, annnnd addicted. Nice!"
,Recommended,427520,29157194,Posted: 9 January,all,DAMNimST0NED,I'm writing this from a bus stop wifi hotspot. 10/10 would go homeless again playing this
76561198172757506,Recommended,427520,29556283,Posted: 28 January,all,PeakFire1,"Fun game until I downloaded mods and now it won't seem to load, because it says """"errorID autoplace-control with name ""sulfur"""""
,Recommended,427520,31017504,Posted: 8 April,all,Damian0816,"I got this for my friend and hes like, whats this? Why did you give this to me. 1 hour later hes addicted."
66613376661337666,Recommended,427520,21845229,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Charles XII,"I will build a wall that Donald Trump will envy for all of his life , knowing that his puny wall has guards which he has to pay. My wall is 100 meters(? how thick is a wall in this game anyway?) thick and has laser turrets every five meters with destroyer capsules purging their villages every few minutes. Donald Trump can only kill a few illegal aliens every day , meanwhile I can kill a thousand every day.I rate Build-A-Border Simulator  Wall/Mexico."
,Recommended,427520,29466801,Posted: 24 January,all,Sex With A Sandwich,Pssst.. Hey kids. Wanna try some cracktorio?Once you get a taste you'll always come back for more.One hit turns hours into minutes.You'll obsess over the tiniest details.You'll rage because WHY WON'T THE BITY THINGS LEAVE ME ALONE!!GOOD GOD ITS NOT FAST ENOUGH. I NEED TO MAKE MORE. I NEED TO MAKE MORE FASTER.OH JESUS EVERYTHING IS STOPPED. WHY HAS IT STOPPED.GOD HELP ME. WHATS HAPPENING!?!
,Recommended,427520,29567105,Posted: 29 January,all,Spikey,Probably my favorite game in 30 years of gaming. Not bad at all! If you're into automation and 'city' building this is for you. And at such a good price to. Way more fun than any AAA game.
76561198242682682,Recommended,427520,29581033,Posted: 29 January,all,hydrogenbomb1212,"realy great game if you like losing yourself in a game, complex logistics, train networks, etc. i like playing it with all of bobs mod instaled, spend 100h in a save and  haven't even got that bog of a factory, still fun to play. great game to play."
,Recommended,427520,29581359,Posted: 30 January,all,NiiNi,"Great game and replay value, constant updates with new content. Bugfixes are made swiftly. I really recommend Factorio if you enjoy Industry-management with some fighting. Ive played more then my playtime says and will be playing it in the future aswell. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,427520,29588737,Posted: 30 January,all,Saitama,This game scratches an engineering itch that has been plaguing me for years. I wish I'd gotten this sooner.
76561197987422161,Recommended,427520,29589308,Posted: 30 January,all,All You Need Is Love,"Wow this game is like old Transport Tycon Deluxe, but on speed and steroids :) Dont wait ... just buy this thing :)"
76561198122590165,Recommended,427520,31017875,Posted: 8 April,all,Milksteak,Great game. addictive and a consumes a lot of time tho
,Recommended,427520,23410648,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,PlatypusFighter,Is it bad that I have run over each and every one of my friends with a tank only to find that they were carrying our entire supply of copper or iron?
76561198354780464,Recommended,427520,29611937,Posted: 31 January,all,tylerstevenson,This is one of the best games I've ever played
76561198035391617,Recommended,427520,29260095,Posted: 14 January,all,jcscandrett,This is a fantastic game.  It is so addictive!  The gameplay is simply awesome.
76561198294463277,Recommended,427520,29262187,Posted: 14 January,all,riley.w.lissuzzo,great game. spent tons of time on it. loved it
,Recommended,427520,29262660,Posted: 14 January,all,Player 1 (tr),your love/hate relation with your OCD!
76561198336465590,Recommended,427520,29256910,Posted: 14 January,all,Sheriffkingkong,Great game for those who aren't necessarily looking for amazing graphics but for the mechanics of the gameAlthough better graphics when you zoom in would be helpful
,Recommended,427520,29258527,Posted: 14 January,all,ShaiVong,Super addicting; good mod support.
76561198001603689,Recommended,427520,29260902,Posted: 14 January,all,Masa,best building game ive played in a long time
,Recommended,427520,28778732,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyanara,"After crash landing on a planet I decided my life was more important than those of thousands of native creatures, so I recreated all of Earth's great environmental disasters and killed the creatures en mass when they complained."
,Recommended,427520,22048041,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vᴀʟᴠᴇ ★Joe★,"If you like games that have a great strategy and challenge to them with amazing mods and that are lua masters, Buy this game.Simple Review:Great game, fun to play with friends, can be challenging or easy depending how you like it bby.Has a great idea to the game with what seem to be amazing devs. who actually support their game and work on making it always better than the last update.Now Easier use that it's on Steam too!9.6/10Complex Review:Pros:-Never run out of things to do. Always finding new things or starting all over again and doing things differently.-Mods are easy to install-Multiplayer is working well and isn't broken nor boring.-Enemies are well made and they get progressively harder throughout the game.-Extremely Customizable for worlds and ores + mods make it even better.-Very smooth controls (Besides what's in the Cons Section),-In-game you have a great upgrade and research tree,-The logic systems and rail systems are great.-Made finished not like half of these other early access games with glitches.-Very fun.Cons/Future Ideas?:-Vehicles are a weird to drive and use.-Armor Is a little broken considering how you can run faster than a train.-Inserters should be able to be upgraded more for late game support.-Enemies can be annoying at start (I suck so that's most likely my bad) and there are not that many different types of them.-No way to build over water without mods.-Rails are annoying with their size and bend.-Only one planet (Don't get me wrong it has A LOT to do).-Takes to long to run places-Needs more ores that aren't mods-Pvp Option in world?-Workshop support?"
76561198141488565,Recommended,427520,29405463,Posted: 21 January,all,deadifieded,hourss of fun
76561197972828035,Recommended,427520,29406009,Posted: 21 January,all,Talrich,"Wow. Just wow. The game keeps offering more and more options and welcome complexity. You think you're hours, or days into the game, so there's nothing new to design and build, but no. There's more. There always seesm to be more.If you love design and logic, then this is the game for you. It's a steal at $20. You can play alone. You can play with friends."
,Recommended,427520,29406818,Posted: 21 January,all,Tha Master,"Help me, my eyes are gone D:"
,Recommended,427520,31007426,Posted: 7 April,all,NeptooN,"Great fun, for friends or family alike."
,Recommended,427520,29325157,Posted: 17 January,all,IK Clumsy,Just buy it already
76561198079662003,Recommended,427520,29449528,Posted: 23 January,all,devilmaycry4157,I dont know if i have long gameplay but for the 64 hours of playing made me ♥♥♥♥♥♥ over a millon time i wont have kids now
76561198114192386,Recommended,427520,29449543,Posted: 23 January,all,Rafiki,De e Najs
76561198079830083,Recommended,427520,29449871,Posted: 23 January,all,Nasture,It's a really awesome game!I wasn't expecting it to be this time consuming...
76561198205205105,Recommended,427520,29451569,Posted: 23 January,all,Alex_Grand_Destroyer,Great game great content above what an early access game should be plenty of hours of fun just do not get run over by a train. It hurts. Alot.
76561198078541808,Recommended,427520,29451706,Posted: 23 January,all,Bob The Cumguzzler,A truly awesome game
,Recommended,427520,29450955,Posted: 23 January,all,SuperStir31,"JUST GET THE GAME ALREADY! But in all seriousness this game is amazing, and is easily worth the cost. Even in early access this game is amazing can't wait to see it in it's final stage!"
,Recommended,427520,29449417,Posted: 23 January,all,aewm96,"This game shot me back into the past when one played management games for hours and days and even years over and over. It's managed to capture a part of my childhood but it's also managed to bring a more mature level to the management gaming field.It has barely any bugs and I've experienced non, only problems I've heard of or from other people and it's such minute tweeks. You'll find yourself losing hours and hours and hours in this game."
,Recommended,427520,31495508,Posted: 1 May,all,IncompetentPhD,It's Factorio. That's all.Check out the trailer!
,Recommended,427520,31500466,Posted: 1 May,all,555,This game is really fun and addictivePlus the support team is very fast and resposive when helping solve the issue.
76561198220422519,Recommended,427520,31460609,Posted: 30 April,all,bearodark,best. game. EVER.
,Recommended,427520,31473926,Posted: 30 April,all,kptncook,A game hasn't scratched my micro manage/ base builder itch since the days of C & C and Industry GiantPros:EverythingCons:Annhilation of any sort of life outside this game
,Recommended,427520,27993997,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wolf_Smith,"Even alone this game will make you kill time. It's easy to learn, but hard to master. The game is still being updated and the test branches are amazing, you can even go back to old versions if you dont like something new that was added."
76561198012475752,Recommended,427520,31478781,Posted: 30 April,all,SolidGold69,Great game as well as great devolping staff. Thank you for your continous efforts!
76561197967521909,Recommended,427520,31484879,Posted: 1 May,all,cannonbo,"wonderful sandbox game. you can customize resource scarceness as you wish to make your own difficulty setting.144 hours in and i haven't even looked at the mods yet. for some reason i'm always motivated to start a new game again and again to try and come up with better solutions or just explore a fresh map. Factorio should run on any old computer, hardly uses any disk space.buy it."
,Recommended,427520,31492658,Posted: 1 May,all,Derpic Dongo,Spent all of my wake hours playing this game all weekend. Great game!
,Recommended,427520,31492171,Posted: 1 May,all,Porto,YES! YES! YES! YES! RPG management Multiplayer Puzzle. Damn that game is so much fun I have more then an hundred hour of play and still playing that game. Every Update this game has Improve the game fun and challenge a little more. This is not the end a lot of new feature are still coming to that game and I Highly recommande this game to anyone one love management and rpg game this one combine it at the perfection. 10+/10
76561198350179549,Recommended,427520,31491409,Posted: 1 May,all,OonVelho,"amazing base building and great time killer :) i love this game, there is no reason to stop playing :DD"
,Recommended,427520,31497077,Posted: 1 May,all,Raminios,Where the ♥♥♥♥ did 3 hours go?
76561198343214155,Recommended,427520,31425134,Posted: 28 April,all,TheGamingPat20,Awesome game but after a few mods my game crashes and it might be the mods but i cant get in the game with out it crashing at 10% loading
76561198110346176,Recommended,427520,29345547,Posted: 18 January,all,mayadapples,"This is a great early acess game, and early acess done right, the game already has tons of content, the game has lots of replayability because you start out and you aren't that good but then you come back and you get that ""yeah, I'm a pro at this"" and ""I know what I'm doing"" kinda vibes. My issue with the game is that the ending isn't very good and feels grindy in a not good way. Also I'd like the rail systems to have more usefull applications. This is a really good game that is worth your time, check it out!I give it a 9.5/10 expect lots of aliens, smoke, and lots, and lots, of conveyor belts."
,Recommended,427520,31445693,Posted: 29 April,all,Cest7,"Best $25 I have ever spent on a game. It is the stealer of days. Play sessions absolutely consume me, 8-10hours gone everytime I launch this game. 10/10"
76561198058814768,Recommended,427520,31433275,Posted: 28 April,all,Rcklessfool,"The best 20 $ i have ever spend on a videogame.  I'd buy it for 70$ anytime, not like those piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game with 2 hour of gameplay at 70$.*Spend a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of time on the game before the steam version."
,Recommended,427520,31439713,Posted: 29 April,all,Inf3ri,"OMG, it is a must buy!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,31445896,Posted: 29 April,all,TigreDemon,I simply love this game and everytime I come back there is even more content !Buy it
,Recommended,427520,31452532,Posted: 29 April,all,1j2n3o4,So i have played this game for a time and i just got it on steam and i have nonstop played it
,Recommended,427520,31455261,Posted: 29 April,all,Madara Uchiha,"Hours of fun, me and my friend love all the betas we have played for 10 hours straight before we realised how long we play and guess what..... We hadnt completed half of it yet and thats why i love this game. So much to do and so much to enjoy!"
76561198097873378,Recommended,427520,31455152,Posted: 29 April,all,lalder,Factorio has the honer of getting my first Steam review.6 weeks later... I'm 136 hours into my first map. It's been near impossible to get through this past week of finals with Factorio calling my name every evening.Don't download if you want to keep your life!
,Recommended,427520,30088338,Posted: 21 February,all,FrenchToast,Is good game.Spend 20$.Thank me later.
,Recommended,427520,30132670,Posted: 23 February,all,Champagne Hurricane,Amazing!
76561198201910914,Recommended,427520,31035526,Posted: 9 April,all,funpl4y3r,"One of the best games i've ever seen! For first i wasn't sure if that game would be worth the money cause it looked like some game you got finished after 10h but it'definitely not! And to be honest i don't know how amazing this shall be when it's ""finished""; it's already now a complete game: Well working multiplayer function, a cool map editor, possibility to change the game's settings like amount of ressources and stuff before starting a game and of course the game itself, which i think could go as complete already by now.The game has an amazing depth and you can really spend tens of hours without noticing. I am personally the one to really plan everything before building which is why i spend most of the time thinking about strategies but im very sure that you can play the game as well if you just build straight out of mind.And even if you reached the end (building a missile silo) - which i haven't even done after 70h because i already started new for three times with a better building technique - i think i would still keep playing or restart with another map because all the fun comes back after just 30 minutes of playing every time you start a new world.This game is really all around amazing. Yes it is just 2d and the graphics seems like 5 years behind but that does not at all reduce the fun playing.I can only recommend it to everyone who likes strategy games!"
,Recommended,427520,30020154,Posted: 18 February,all,Toasthat,"First you mine. Then you get machines to mine for you.Then you research new technologies. Then you get machines to research for you.Then you build a factory. Then your factory builds factories for you.There's always something to do in Factorio, which is why most of the top reviews talk about it like it's crack.I thought they were exaggerating too, until I spent played it for 36 hours straight the day after I got it.Worried that it's too complicated for you? It's not. Ultimately, Factorio boils down to a very simple concept: Combining resources to make new, better resources. That said, if you're the kind of player that wants a highly efficient and organized factory, you could spend hours planning, tweaking, and working out ratios in your head.Either way, Factorio is absolutely worth your time and money. 5/5"
,Recommended,427520,29075859,Posted: 6 January,all,(-{Prot0typ3}-),The new muktiplayer and sandbox modes are beastAtleast thats what i thinkGreat game11/10
,Recommended,427520,30021040,Posted: 18 February,all,Fishy!,"Spent most of time exploring, so when it comes to building my base, I was behind, and the night I started building my base, I got invaded and died.Welp, time to start over.Best with mods :)"
,Recommended,427520,30111249,Posted: 22 February,all,IronStep,Fantastic game!
76561197970818678,Recommended,427520,30111514,Posted: 22 February,all,Nypyren?!?!,This is THE sandbox construction game for people who want their creations to DO things instead of just sit around and look fancy*.*You can also make it look fancy if you REALLY want to.
76561198121253669,Recommended,427520,30111842,Posted: 22 February,all,Ragecat888,"A pretty cool game,it is pretty fun to play but even more fun with other people!its fun to play with cheats too"
,Recommended,427520,30110348,Posted: 22 February,all,Dixie_Flatline,"Not for everybody, but if you like management games and taking hours to construct the perfect supply chain, you'll welcome the sunrise wondering where the hell time went.  It's addictive."
76561198174865655,Recommended,427520,30108438,Posted: 22 February,all,One,9.5/10 love it :)
76561198119561457,Recommended,427520,30108491,Posted: 22 February,all,trainmaster536,"BUY THIS GAME AND YOU WILL NEED TO HAVE PEOPLE PRY YOU FROM YOUR'E SEAT!!!! play at your'e own risk, you will have problems after 600 hours of play time (like me)"
,Recommended,427520,30034386,Posted: 19 February,all,waqak,"didnt like the graphics initially so downloaded a pirated copy,played 3 hours straight,ended up purchasing the game straight away...."
76561198287621442,Recommended,427520,30044468,Posted: 19 February,all,Dude Average,"When I first bought this game, I decided not to look into this. I usually watch videos about the game, then decipher if I want to buy it. I went into this knowing that it was complicated but I still didn't watch any walkthoughs or anything else like that. Soon realized that this game was almost impossible to get by without knowledge on how to actually build your base. I do recommend this game for 1 reason, it's complicated. Most games I play are not hard, and I'm already repeating the same thing over and over. This game has actual depth. I highly recommend this game for people who has lots of time and are willing to get frustrated when it doesn't go the way they want."
,Recommended,427520,30043633,Posted: 19 February,all,MebeSoco,Simply fantastic.
76561198174630577,Recommended,427520,21860139,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Putman,I'm addicted to it's attention to detail and amazing hours of great content!
76561198195755458,Recommended,427520,30040463,Posted: 19 February,all,Gradate,This game is only $20 but gives wayyyyyy more value. Highley recomend
,Recommended,427520,30040808,Posted: 19 February,all,Drage,"It crashed.... C:\Users\A****\AppData\Roaming\Factorio It's a great game, though. I play it all the time, lost my save, made a new save got pretty stinking far in that save. I DEFINITELY recommend it."
,Recommended,427520,30040830,Posted: 19 February,all,Mousse au Lini,"I've played some Factorio over the past few years, typically spending long hours building up my automated factory, eventually realizing I didn't plan it very well, then starting a new game to try to build a better one based on the lessons I learned."
,Recommended,427520,30013631,Posted: 18 February,all,Tactical Dorito,gOOD
,Recommended,427520,30009231,Posted: 18 February,all,6 Meter kuk,would recommend 10/10 love it
76561197970730314,Recommended,427520,29972577,Posted: 16 February,all,ADV,The only game where you create your own problems.
76561198182121403,Recommended,427520,29973775,Posted: 16 February,all,YouLookLikeGlass,"Obamacare is the name of a lab, 11/10."
76561197984791609,Recommended,427520,29997367,Posted: 17 February,all,McSuckIt,"I would suggest playing the demo first, beacuse the learning curve is a bit steep to begin with and it will give you a good feel for it. I would also look at added some mods to make your experience more fun e.g. long reach mod etc. Overall I would reccommend to anyone who loves building games and minecraft like games that get more and more complex as you progress."
76561198109759158,Recommended,427520,29997471,Posted: 17 February,all,pinix82,"Bought six days ago. 87 hours ingame since then. 'Nuff said, I guess.The long version:The trailers do not lie. This game is about building, this game is about progression, this game is about making stuff work. And I am not even mad when I have to tear down hours of work and build it up from scratch, because it turned out to be not working as originally intended. No...in fact: I enjoy it when it finally works.There is nothing more joyfull than full conveyor belts, dead bugs, a mad wife because your sleep pattern could not be further from hers and that ""oops""-moment when you accidentally burn down a square mile of forrest and get an achievement for it.11/10 would burn down the forrest again"
,Recommended,427520,29997598,Posted: 17 February,all,itsrohm69,Nice nice nice
,Recommended,427520,29993208,Posted: 17 February,all,SovietUkraineFTW1337,10/10 would jump in front of a train again ♥
76561198039764857,Recommended,427520,29993256,Posted: 17 February,all,ChSc,"It's by far the best game i have ever purched on steam. Great deep gameplay, every game feels different and nice updates.I LOVE IT!"
76561198096218920,Recommended,427520,29996757,Posted: 17 February,all,ObiTwoKanobi,"This game.... It is incredible! It begins very slow, but as progress advances, new things will always arrive! I love this game and within two weeks it has already become my third most played game ever!"
,Recommended,427520,29996828,Posted: 17 February,all,TheDarkness,Best time wasting simulator ever
76561198000424025,Recommended,427520,29994441,Posted: 17 February,all,Biddybam,"I garuntee you'll get your value out of it. If you're not sure that you might be interested in the game, give the demo a try, it will convince you pretty quickly that you want to play.The only fault I can find in the game is that, after 2-3 runs, it feels like you've already done everything there is, and the game's production production isn't really THAT complex. After all, you really only have to deal with iron, copper, and oil as your main input resources when expanding at scale, and the game is pretty generous with giving you easy access to these resources.You can fix this problem by installing mods. Things like Bob's and Angel's give the game as much depth as you would ever want."
,Recommended,427520,30052607,Posted: 19 February,all,DragonCore,"Really good game i just started, but i like it already!"
76561198043062990,Recommended,427520,30055099,Posted: 20 February,all,jeetrix,an artefact of excellence.Factorio extends life. Factorio expands consciousness. Factorio is vital to space travel.
,Recommended,427520,30052101,Posted: 19 February,all,heyqule,70hrs in the first week.. nuff said...  It's engineer's coke...
,Recommended,427520,30053971,Posted: 20 February,all,TopHatPotato,GREAT GAMElove it
76561198071682104,Recommended,427520,28752198,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tankbug,"This game is pleasing in every way. Now, I havent played it for too ling but so far I am impressed. The game is incredibly fun for the creative type. You get to make a system and take your own stab at it. When things work its rewarding because you make them work. The game progresses in a way that lets you get used to a new resource or material then lets you automate it on a small scale and THEN lets you bring it to a large network. Just when you think the game is getting repetitive a new technology reveals itself that practically brings you to a new age of production. A great little rube goldberg machine."
76561197986797755,Recommended,427520,29999221,Posted: 17 February,all,Teyrz,"As an avid Minecraft player, I appreciate the idea of a game that's very much replayable, with a learning curve designed around any skill level.  This is a very user-friendly strategy game that you could, if you wanted to, spend hundreds of hours playing.  For someone who is a casual gamer it's equally fun--- you can pick up where you left off at any point in the game, and still have plenty left to do as you go.The community is very helpful, very few of the toxic players as seen on most other games I've played.  I've also noticed that game development is still very much underway, with the developers constantly releasing new updates and keeping the playerbase well informed.It is money well spent, I highly recommend Factorio.  5/5"
76561197967165306,Recommended,427520,29999632,Posted: 17 February,all,Dux Magnus,amazing
,Recommended,427520,29999758,Posted: 17 February,all,sudmongki,"If the freshness is the standard of the game, it is definitely called the best game.Although it is unfortunately not finished yet,On the other hand, it can be seen that it is not finished and has an infinite value."
,Recommended,427520,29321337,Posted: 17 January,all,Zubub,"(build 0.14.21 review) Don't let the early access scare you, this game has a lot of polish for being early release and seems to fully function as a complete game. Communication from the developer seems frequent enough, and updates do occur (intervals unsure of).What needs work is a bit more refienment on the tutorials for newer players; but if your not afraid to jump in and try to learn without guidance your already good to go.I've already sunk many hours into this game and it looks like i'll be adding more in the coming days/weeks.game seems comparable to sim city with a bit of RTS combat.I like this game, and with future improvments it may end up being a favorite."
,Recommended,427520,29300700,Posted: 16 January,all,Poo Man,My new favourite game. One of those where you don't care if internets down as long as you have this game installed. Not to mention playing with friends. And the satisfaction from getting a tidy efficient system to work...
76561197991672362,Recommended,427520,29315351,Posted: 17 January,all,Necx,Factorio..... WOW! What a game...   Between this and Planet Coaster can Burn a day like it is nothing..After learning the base game and defeating faster and faster..   I finally gave in and tried some mods..The mods for this game and the people who produce the mods hats off to you!I went the hard route and did the Angel's mods with Bob's mods and did the replay reason go through the roof.With those mods when I already beat the game before I was just now breaking down ores crushing them turning them into crystals.This game is so damn fun and so damn addictive that you will lose track of time.Just 1 more piece!!!! I SWEAR! 3hrs later...50/10!*Note I do suggest beating the game first without mods.   Angels and Bob's mods after just understanding the game set me back to scratching my head a going how the hell do i make that?
76561198026999187,Recommended,427520,29308723,Posted: 16 January,all,Super Toaster,Send help.
76561198189775833,Recommended,427520,29289889,Posted: 15 January,all,TrepidChicken,I like this game but there is something that we can all agree on and that is fear the depths that is ‘angles petrochem’.Also I’m doing a series on a lot of things in factorio on my Youtube channel and you should check it outthats:Youtube.com/TrepiedChicken.
76561198311280338,Recommended,427520,29290242,Posted: 15 January,all,ThwompJuice,"Game has an extreme amount of replay value, in terms of fully understanding the mechanics. I've spent hours trying to create a clean, fully functioning factory that enables continued growth and required supplies. I highly recommend this game if you are one that obesseses over creativity, self preservation, resource gathering and continuing updates. To this date I look forward to upcoming updates, and new and creative ways I can build my factory.Combat is interesting and supplies a fair amount of challenge, as well as wealth in terms of in-game value. The ability to generate your own worlds promotes a healthy and fair enviornment, one that you yourself would like to play within, and the campaign teaches you the necessary mechanics of the game to start your first adventure.Highly recommended."
76561198170502195,Recommended,427520,29290584,Posted: 15 January,all,Jrog133,"BEST GAME EVER, ALWAYSGET DESTROYED BY ALIENS 11/10 WOULD GET PWNED BY ALIENS AGAIN"
,Recommended,427520,29291987,Posted: 16 January,all,Anori,"With robots, you automate the automation.  HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198026362340,Recommended,427520,29292146,Posted: 16 January,all,Pill Cosby,great
76561198142284628,Recommended,427520,29296688,Posted: 16 January,all,Weeb,"This game. Is. Amazing.If you're here for ability to automate EVERYTHING, to be absolutely addicted when you start, manage your own factory, kill aliens, play with a friend, produce pollution, produce many forms of power, manage resources, and MANY MANY more, this is the best game you are going to find.Buy it.10/10"
,Recommended,427520,29308776,Posted: 16 January,all,cherpychicken,Love this game addictive so fun
,Recommended,427520,29308833,Posted: 16 January,all,Z4KJ0N3S,"This is a game that makes you say ""oh wow it's 3 AM?"""
76561198271752609,Recommended,427520,22096283,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,trash boy,only thing they need is to make it easier to join friends (multiplayer) besides that its amazing
76561198259691432,Recommended,427520,30067502,Posted: 20 February,all,riddlemethis1021,"This is a GREAT game. It has many things people love. Combat, building, exploration, and probably stuff I'm forgetting. But, this game isn't for everyone. It does get complicated, and it will require a bit of brain power. But I love it. Great game! Awesome job, developers!"
76561198030724901,Recommended,427520,29928971,Posted: 14 February,all,tony.ajl69,"I found this game while watching you tubers play other games, what a stroke of luck!This game is a perfect 10/10I have been playing video games since they were invented over 40 years ago, this game is easily the best game I have ever played. If you like strategy/ simulation games, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,427520,29929004,Posted: 14 February,all,Crusher,"I picked up Factorio about a year ago after watching Day9 play it on his stream.This game is like a tech modded Minecraft meets 2D real time strategy game.I have purchased the game for 6 other friends and family members in the past year just because I am so impressed by it. I usually don't hear from them for a couple days and then they finally come back and tell me they had to stop playing because they spending ridiculous 8-16 hour gaming sessions obsessing over it.Don't be fooled by the ""Early Access"" tag... Soon you will be spending your own 8-16 hour sessions ""playtesting"" Factorio."
,Recommended,427520,29927088,Posted: 14 February,all,Thothdj,Best afk game to dateI'm even writing this review whilst I'm smelting gratuitous ammounts of steelI'm going to go for a shower and when I get back it'll STILL be crafting 1000 science 2 packs10/10
,Recommended,427520,29925289,Posted: 14 February,all,Gugubo,"""You either die spaghettiing or live long enough to see yourself become the meatball."""
76561198013920024,Recommended,427520,29984268,Posted: 17 February,all,lyonbach,"By implementing the idea behind, this game actually helped to improve efficiency when dealing with my daily tasks."
,Recommended,427520,29975352,Posted: 16 February,all,Tomstah King O' Rebels,"Honestly, probably one of the greatest games I've ever played.  Despite it being 20$ and never going on sale, it's well made.   Not really because of what it has, but majorly due to the fact because of the extensive mods.  With good friends, I know I could put hundreds of hours of this game alone."
,Recommended,427520,29972182,Posted: 16 February,all,FeralPenguin23,This game just gets better everytime i play it and i never seem to run out of things to do.
,Recommended,427520,29974465,Posted: 16 February,all,BritainIS,"This is one of the best games I have bought, hands down.Pros:Great gameplay - resource management, logistics, etc.Can run on a potato$20 evenIn depth research/technologyCons:Graphics could be a bit betterEarly game a bit boring at timesOverall great game, would recomend.9.5/10"
76561198024162636,Recommended,427520,29969419,Posted: 16 February,all,mhpub,"WOW....It's been ages since I've been so hooked on a game like this. Way back in the time of Transport Tycoon (yes, the original) maybe. Just a little gem amidst the pile of anonymous, bland and recycled games you see every day.I aint gonna tell you how to play it, don’t google too much, just explore and try stuff out is part of the fun.The whole games just feels like a lot of love along with a decent helping of attention to detail went into it.  Even in beta/alfa(whatever) I didn’t experience a single crash or bug.Well worth the money, heck... I'd spend full price on this game any day.If they had one, I’d buy the t-shirt."
76561198271899107,Recommended,427520,31046049,Posted: 9 April,all,JubbHubb,Love this game. Brilliant work devs but I have managed to break it. I installed one too many mods. One wasn't compatible with another and the whole game breaks. I know its not the devs fault but I now cant get on this game and I absolutely Love it. So my advice is stay away from the Marathon Mod. Its not compatible with some of the mods and is likely to break your game. But love it to bits.
76561198045926564,Recommended,427520,31050257,Posted: 9 April,all,KMTiger74,"Such a simple concept, that takes forever to master!  Offers so much in terms of replay value, challenge, and just trying to one up yourself.  Do you go belts or robots?  Do you stick to steam or solar?  So many options, so much fun!"
,Recommended,427520,31050934,Posted: 9 April,all,Link,The effort I put into making an automated base could be spent suceeding in college.
76561197991126888,Recommended,427520,28366213,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Burninghead,Bought this game a couple of days ago. Played it for a few hours.
76561198025867392,Recommended,427520,31053169,Posted: 9 April,all,Poop Smoocher,"Beat it in just a few days, was a pretty short experience but an excellent one I won't forget anytime soon. Wishing there was more to the campaign than just a few levels, but excellent nonetheless."
,Recommended,427520,31042317,Posted: 9 April,all,PizzaGerbil,"The price tells you all you need to know.It's not $19.99.It's not trying to sell you some garbage product with one cent off the top to make it enticing.This game is comparable to buying an N64 at a garage sale.The man says ""$20 and it's yours bud.""You hand him the 20 and start a new chapter of your life.The $20 is a bait and switch.This game will cost you your life."
,Recommended,427520,31697931,Posted: 12 May,all,Elusive,Ever wondered what a one person industrial revolution would look like? Now you can find out.
76561198067066574,Recommended,427520,31704001,Posted: 12 May,all,Zari,I haven't lost this much time to just one game in awhile.
,Recommended,427520,31699543,Posted: 12 May,all,Toir,"I really like this game. i havent gotten anywhere far tho... I just cant alone, if you want to add me and maybe play a little bit together - sure."
,Recommended,427520,31691637,Posted: 11 May,all,USB 4.0,"This game is in Early access. Thats normally a turn off for me, and I buy games based on what Im getting at the time I buy it as opposed to promises, but in this game, as it stands right now, this game easily has enough content to justify its 25 CAD/20 USD price tag (which apparently will never change or go on sale according to the devs).This game is about optimization and micromanagement. If you dont like that, you wont like it. There isnt really any sort of visual element to building your bases/factories etc as pretty much all items are functional and affect the gameplay. There is a lot of tedious busy work even after setting up a nicely running factory, but thats kind of what you sign up for with a game like this. With tons of tech tree unlocks to research, then eventually farm materials for and manufacture, this is not a game youll be done with quickly and has quite a lot of content.Campaign wise, so far, there is one major campaign which has a somewhat interesting story I suppose, but really focuses on teaching you the basics all the way through the campaign. Its not that its drawn out and unnecessary (Though it could be a  little shorter), but that this game has so many different Items, short cuts, systems to work with that to be competent, I think its a good idea to play through the campaign first.That might seem weird, as if Im saying the campaign isnt where youll be spending most of your time, and thats because that is indeed the case. While the campaign is ok, and from a purely dollars to time point of view thats all fine and dandy, the core of this game is the freeplay mode where you can build out, try different scenarios from different seeds with different settings, with people, without people many different ways. Each one of these games lasts quite some time too. Much like minecraft, do not ever expect to be done with that world within an hour. It no typical mission and you can expect a game to last days of in game time.Why does it last so long? the micro management. It really does start off slow, but when you start building off your factory things speed up somewhat. I personally feel that the pacing is a bit slow making you feel like youre doing more busy work than necessary especially at the start, but it does not kill the game. Unfortunately though, it does mean that often times, when you want to leave it sitting and running in the background, things can go awry quickly. Now, a lot of this is avoidable, probably simply by being better than I am, but I doubt you can completely escape this. The good news though is that even if thats not ideal for you, this game has great mod support, so you can change it to your liking.Mod support is great. Though not on the steam workshop and through its own mod portal, modding is made easy with  an outlined frame work and drag and drop installations. On the modders side of things, it seems they put in the effort to make modding easy. As a result there are many mods for this game anywhere from AI vehicles (which really, I do think should be in the game eventually stock), to new Items, to different tech tree changes and more. Really everything about this game can be modded quickly and with ease. With a simple click for install and click for uninstall on the in game mod portal there will be no downloading sketchy mod loaders or fiddling about with  various hard to parse installation instructions.As noted though, this is a game in early access and it is not complete. Bugs exist though they certainly arent game breaking and you wont find yourself with any saves broken by them. There are also a lot of planned features to the game (like nuclear energy for example), that arent yet in the stable version. This game has quite a ways to go, but in its current form, I do not think if you have seen some gameplay and like the looks of it, it will be a game you regret purchasing, unless of course you value your time (which this game will take in spades)."
76561198267508868,Recommended,427520,31693270,Posted: 11 May,all,Thats k3wl,"I absoulutly LOVE this game and if youre like me, I promise you wont regret the 20$ you spend getting it"
76561198165628481,Recommended,427520,31716375,Posted: 12 May,all,vincent697,"This game is about making a thing that makes a thing.And why is that fun?Well, it's in the design and maintenence of that thing. Building a factory by hand is not fun-but the building and crafting part of the game is smooth enough that you can focus most of your time on tinkering with a design. When you get to a factory large enough, however, you don't have the space to continually add more things to make, and you run out of things, and it's too costly to tear it up. A lot of the fun is in feeding this machine you made. With the extra external pressure of alien enemies you need to kill, it can also be a challenging game if you want it to be."
76561198253092616,Recommended,427520,30138906,Posted: 24 February,all,yourselfington,"=) over 10,000 hours stfu"
,Recommended,427520,31715254,Posted: 12 May,all,addsomebass,"super fun, keep coming back to this one"
76561198054578443,Recommended,427520,31715259,Posted: 12 May,all,Old Craig,10/10
76561198043385353,Recommended,427520,31721524,Posted: 13 May,all,Avitas1027,Most addictive game I've ever played.
76561197973824916,Recommended,427520,31710524,Posted: 12 May,all,danibuu,BUY THIS
76561198262552910,Recommended,427520,31711158,Posted: 12 May,all,Mansfield32,Need to fix this......this needs to get optimized....just need a few belts over here.....What day is it???
76561197994398259,Recommended,427520,31711278,Posted: 12 May,all,Cennyan,Can't.....stop....playing.....send....help.....
76561198016325208,Recommended,427520,31706846,Posted: 12 May,all,Mier,YES
76561197970759769,Recommended,427520,31709535,Posted: 12 May,all,Bunny Loves You,I'm a life-long gamer and this is probably the best one of any type I have ever played. AND THEY KEEP MAKING IT BETTER!
76561198014946021,Recommended,427520,31709129,Posted: 12 May,all,kevin1336,Fantastic game. I'd say you'd be very hard pressed to find a better value for money deal out there. Absolute steal at 20 euro's.
,Recommended,427520,31711530,Posted: 12 May,all,Yolkster,This game is just so ♥♥♥♥ing good. Now it is not for everbody but i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game I can spend hours upon hours building one factor then i look back and i have no idea how anything works but i made it i feel happy
,Recommended,427520,31713628,Posted: 12 May,all,Thomas,Very good timesink.
,Recommended,427520,31711849,Posted: 12 May,all,azirphaeli,"There's nothing else that can compare to the ease of use, flexibility, and complete chaos that is Factorio."
76561197976840552,Recommended,427520,31711753,Posted: 12 May,all,Givner Good,:D
76561197963372482,Recommended,427520,31711998,Posted: 12 May,all,Unspeakable Congo Secrets,This is one of the greatest and most addictive games I've ever played.
76561198031432242,Recommended,427520,31712952,Posted: 12 May,all,DisgruntledCoffee,10/10 These Devs are the Bees Knees
,Recommended,427520,31712397,Posted: 12 May,all,healer56,"awesome game, awesome developer, awesome community !!"
76561198014713527,Recommended,427520,31711971,Posted: 12 May,all,OnlyFighter,Get off the fence and get on the belts...just buy it.
76561198047556654,Recommended,427520,31711986,Posted: 12 May,all,Katzen 4 U,10/10
76561198103214967,Recommended,427520,31713237,Posted: 12 May,all,look at this picture of my cat,hella good
76561198045899920,Recommended,427520,31719844,Posted: 13 May,all,BraveSloth,Absolutely addicting game. Longest session was 13 hours with only a single break. Would definitely recommend.
76561198316643807,Recommended,427520,26308774,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,piggezigge,I can't play it just becus a mod
76561197995654199,Recommended,427520,31738248,Posted: 13 May,all,Crispy,Fun.
76561197967396586,Recommended,427520,30047908,Posted: 19 February,all,Meta,"I really like this crafting game because while at the very beginning you gather some resources yourself, you quickly move on to automating the gathering of resources, and the constructing of things you need out of them. So really each thing you need to build because a little puzzle, and it is fun to figure it out, and often fun to figure out new ways to do it or do it better.And then after 100+ hours of play and maybe winning the game, you find there is a rich modding world that you can cleanly access within the game and find more fun things to do."
76561198084127267,Recommended,427520,30049209,Posted: 19 February,all,馨愿,"Amazing game for engineer, cost all my free time."
76561198108089615,Recommended,427520,30049280,Posted: 19 February,all,321patrick123,"This is definately one of my favorite games. At the time of this review, i am about 200 hours in and currently well on my 3rd game. Each time i play i get better at figuring things out and the whole process from starting the game to launching the rocket is fun and will definately keep you entertained for a long time. The game itself is very addicting. Once you start, your not going to have a life in the real world for about a week.definately worth the $20.00"
76561198283468390,Recommended,427520,30049683,Posted: 19 February,all,kehlshaw,This is one of my favorite games of all time. I highly recomend for anyone interested in the crafting category of gaming. This game allows you to chose what kind of game you want to play with the world creation menu. You can make it a survival game where you have to defend yourself against enemies or a sandbox like game where you must slowly advance your way through technology. Any this is a great game that offers endless hours of play. Good luck!
76561198029503594,Recommended,427520,30105563,Posted: 22 February,all,nkaeilts,"A few aspects of this game were pretty daunting to me, even obtuse, but still managed to hook me on so many levels that I don't care. And it just keeps getting better with each update. The mods now are ridiculously easy to use, something I never really bother with in other games. If you like problem-solving, optimization, and planning, you'll like this game."
76561198030096254,Recommended,427520,31035848,Posted: 9 April,all,noxmortem,It's amazing.
76561198266719501,Recommended,427520,30103360,Posted: 22 February,all,Spastic Overkill,Wonderful game for those who are into robotics or just mechanically minded. I personally would recommend this to people who like minecraft or terraria.
76561198280202718,Recommended,427520,30125665,Posted: 23 February,all,OpenAI,An interesting game!!!
76561198031269105,Recommended,427520,23769585,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tj Teru,"-It's 1pm, Be Bored, search steam for something to play-Find Factorio-Reflect: I like logistics?-Buy game based on reviews-Mine coal and iron by hand-Progress is slow and confusing-Slowly drift into a haze of running around building belts, mines, and all kinds of other automation.-Start to get the hang of it,-Begin to feel confident in skills-Campaign/warm up ends, it's 8pm-Start new map (I got a few hours left in me then I'll stop)-Factory looks good, no more mining coal by hand-Igotthis.jpeg-Run out of power, systems that the factory depend on stop-Mining coal by hand again-Alien mob chews through 1/3 of critical system while power is down.-Make some ammo and fight them off.-Can't remember how that part of the factory was connected-What time it is? 1am.♥♥♥♥♥♥-I'll just fix what was broken and stop-4am all fixed just 1 more thing to do-5am Okay I'm quitting after I finish the conveyor-6am Can't keep eyes open..... Must.. Finish.. Rocket..I would recommend this game, as it really pulls you in a can leave you frusterated that you decided 5 hours earlier in the map to build that assemblier 2 blocks to the right instead of to the left.I'm only 45 hours in an haven't even finished all of the research or tried to mess around with any of the mods yet. For a $20 indie game this one is a keeper, and I can't wait for the next patch as it keeps adding depth to the game.It'll probably never go on sale judging by the dev. comments, but honestly even in alpha it is more than worth the $20."
,Recommended,427520,29436082,Posted: 22 January,all,Drebien,I NEED MORE ♥♥♥♥ING STEEL
76561198078995215,Recommended,427520,29444338,Posted: 23 January,all,fuckmented shitjizzle,A good kind of mind ♥♥♥♥
76561198215100653,Recommended,427520,29499710,Posted: 26 January,all,MrRamRam,"Already a lot of fun content, hours upon hours of fun"
,Recommended,427520,29499902,Posted: 26 January,all,NerdyBrit,"I LOVE this game, its so satisfying to build a working factory and see it flow and just work. Although it should come with a warning that it will keep you up until 1am on weekdays and 5am on the weekend! Even if you manage to pull yourself away you'll still be thinking about ways to plug holes or improve your system hours later.This reminds me a lot of Modded Minecraft, packs like Tekkit where you need to produce large quantities of things as quick as possible but also efficiently. In fact once i grow tired of alien attacks in this game i plan to build a Factorio like base in MC using Immersive Engineering's belts and machines.The developers are also awesome, i had an issue with a new graphics driver making the game unplayable, i posted my issue to the forum and in less than an hour they had a work around for me letting the game work until they had a permanent fix.I can't recommend this game highly enough."
76561198069600798,Recommended,427520,29421704,Posted: 22 January,all,Gellelao,"If you are even slightly interested in this you should give it a go. Great co-op, highly recommend."
,Recommended,427520,29484053,Posted: 25 January,all,Big Hoss,yay
76561198041612437,Recommended,427520,29475193,Posted: 24 January,all,MrGrumpyMittenz,I spent twohundred hoursON ONE PLAYTHROUGH. I have lost entire weeks to this game. I absolutely love this game. I never touched the logic systems within the game as I do not know how that really works. I spent my entire time using thousands of logistical drones to get resources to and fro. I had a blast playing with my friends on a multiplayer save. I feel as if this game could use more content and that's why it is in Early Access. As the game stands it has hours upon hours of content to lose sleep and GPA points over.
76561198073701473,Recommended,427520,29475928,Posted: 24 January,all,pancreas,"Hands down, over any other game, this is my pick for Game of the Year 2016. Factorio so outshines its nearest comparisons (SimCity? no. Civilation? no...) it is better to say that it has created a whole new simulation category. If you enjoy the endless puzzle and pursuit of perfection and expansion and simplification and reconfiguring and sophistication and fine tuning --- then this game will grab you by the neck and shove your nose to the screen until you scream for mercy or starve to death.It is that good."
76561198080198708,Recommended,427520,28815706,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,88jake,Bought Game. Played 12 hours straight.Need I say more?
76561198078350363,Recommended,427520,29481129,Posted: 25 January,all,LOL™,"buy this gam, good one"
76561198007652169,Recommended,427520,29481490,Posted: 25 January,all,Almentoe,This game will eat your life.
,Recommended,427520,29481841,Posted: 25 January,all,Dirkprutser,ITS AMAZING!
76561198126832322,Recommended,427520,29427237,Posted: 22 January,all,Milky,Absolutlely Amazing.
76561198201427465,Recommended,427520,29430063,Posted: 22 January,all,aidan1771,amazing
76561197998592084,Recommended,427520,29426229,Posted: 22 January,all,Ares,Excellent game!
76561198337244147,Recommended,427520,29426741,Posted: 22 January,all,HeroJosh14,"Holy crap This game is insane. The goal is simple: launch a rocket into space. Sounds easy right? well I played for 3 hours straight and I barely managed to get electricity going. After that you need transportation, defenses, labs, higher technology, etc. etc. While along the way running into enemy bases and defending your mass production. This game is meant to keep uyour attention and you're almost always doing something. buy this at yr earliest convinience!"
76561198273730067,Recommended,427520,29438106,Posted: 22 January,all,Я ненавижу свою ж,10/10 ign .............. THATS ALL I GOT TO SAYBTW: dont play the demo unless you got $20 bc YOU WILL GET HOOKED
,Recommended,427520,29414483,Posted: 21 January,all,EvilTerry,- Build an amazing contraption- Realise there's something wrong- Destroy everything- Repeat until it worksI love this game
76561197995020722,Recommended,427520,29420685,Posted: 22 January,all,Michio Kepler,What a wonderful and unique game. Really is a must buy
,Recommended,427520,29419742,Posted: 22 January,all,izob,"You should buy this game if you enjoy resource management, production, research, exploration, building, base-defending, bug hunting, multiplayer, co-oping. It also has very nice 90's artstyle/music."
,Recommended,427520,29417124,Posted: 22 January,all,A Fricking Piece of Frick,"Very satisfying as you can play the game in a sandbox form, play by the campain, or start from scrach with friends or mods depending on your view."
76561198023544712,Recommended,427520,31833194,Posted: 18 May,all,76561198023544712,LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!
,Recommended,427520,31834255,Posted: 18 May,all,Paul,This game has great potential. Hours of endless fun. Bought it early access to support developers and finish this game. Can't wait to see the end product.
76561198119548014,Recommended,427520,31888568,Posted: 21 May,all,jonathanrobertpalmer,"This game is awesome! Now with said and done, even with the tons of content, it could be so much more!!!!! If they added an RTS aspect to the game it would be the best game ever made. Adding buildings, much better aliens (flying aliens for example) and adding androids to destroy the ""Biters"" using the buildings packed full of machinary to equip your androids with the weaponry to deal with the alien threat(from assault rifles to tanks and aircraft). The developers will have to do this to make PvP plausible in multi-player games! They could even ad a survival aspect!!! If they did this, can you say Minecraft meets Supreme Commander, just one hundred times better.Please make me and all the fans of this game the happiest gamers on the planet."
76561197989155211,Recommended,427520,31886019,Posted: 21 May,all,jpd8907,I love this game. I can't seem to stop playing it regularly. It's an easy to learn game difficult to master kind of game. Great game worth a lot more money than it sells for rn.
,Recommended,427520,31915859,Posted: 23 May,all,wotwotwot10,"this game will ruin your life , on a good way , you might lose some firends cos you won't hangout that much , but who needs them when you have factorio :p"
,Recommended,427520,31915909,Posted: 23 May,all,arggrr,"I have spent way more hours on this game than reported here, it is great, and getting better all the time.It is a game about building factories, and then building bigger and better factories. And then bulldozing the whole lot to make it bigger and better again. This is where the time goes.After all of that, there is great mod support that extends the complexity of the game significantly."
76561198059357852,Recommended,427520,31935503,Posted: 24 May,all,Akatsukle,"That game is awesome.Short story, you build a factory to launch a rocket while fighting aliens.The gameplay is really well thought, the science tree is super rich and the weapons are fun. The only bad point is the learning time, the bindings are not so natural, especially at the beginning."
,Recommended,427520,32020136,Posted: 28 May,all,inverted,"amazing factory type game, it cool because not too many games like this."
,Recommended,427520,32020813,Posted: 28 May,all,Chance The Rapist,"Best $20 I ever spent lost more hours than I can count over this game, couldn't recommend it higher."
76561198061403132,Recommended,427520,32039612,Posted: 29 May,all,Kyousuke Azai,"This game, oh good golly gee gosh this game, has successfuly sucked my free time dry.Factorio is one of those games you go into with knowing absolutely nothing, being the complete country bumpkin, and at the end of most likely several hundred hours later, you find yourself casually discussing rocket science with your friends for quite a few hours.The game itself doesn't have (but will have) a campaign of sorts, the only thing it offers, well...only thing...,  is a somewhat fast tutorial and then the sandbox mode, where it dumps you into a world, alone or with friends, points in a random direction and yells at you ""HEY, GO NUTS!"".The point of the game is simple, start with sticks and stones and work your way up all the way into launching rockets into space and become the ultimate god of destruction for the wildlife and atmosphere of the world you are in. It's understandable if you feel intimated by seeing this game for the first time, but don't worry, through it's science and research system, Factorio does fantastic job of layering the depth and complexity in a way that is immersive and easy to understand (except combinators, god knows I still have no idea how to use those bloody things).Before too long you will find out that despite not knowing anything, you went from moving coal into a furnace by hand, to having a fully automated factory producing uranium enriched nuclear bombs (yes that is a thing). The satisfaction factor in this game comes purely from your skill at management and it can be shocking how many things you can always do, there is always something to do, something to optimize, something to increase, something to tinker with, which is impressive when the game only has 5 basic resources that you will work with and make everything out of.And all of this is just in the vanilla package, if you somehow find yourself not entertained with all that, you can always dip your toes into the mod scene which will get you covered. Want more powerful tiers of literally everything, we got it, want more powerful enemies to defend against, got that too. Want an entirely separate tech tree and dozen new ores and new mechanics, yep got that one too.If all this doesn't make it obvious that this game is definitely worth 20 bucks, then let me rephrase it for you --> If you enjoy management and building games. GO GET THIS GAME IT'S AWESOME, YOU WILL LOVE IT!That's all from me guys, thank you for reading this far if you did and see you in the game and I think I got a perimeter breach in my defenses, I will have to go attend to it if you excuse me."
,Recommended,427520,31358502,Posted: 25 April,all,Xylem,The graphics of this game dont give it justice. Ive spent hourd on this game on just ome world save trying to make all sorts of contraptions. Only thing id personally like to see is more of a space element implemented into the game
,Recommended,427520,26022601,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MarioAda,brilliant game 10/10!
76561198124392014,Recommended,427520,21624452,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Quagmire,Amazing game! Buy it!
76561198156354859,Recommended,427520,31369948,Posted: 25 April,all,Ghost,Absolutely fantastic! The game is a ton of fun!
,Recommended,427520,31368554,Posted: 25 April,all,Cannonade,400+ hours playing this game and it still captures my imagination.
,Recommended,427520,31371974,Posted: 26 April,all,Jim,People aren't joking when they say your life will vanish in this game when you play it. Fantastic 'organic puzzle' game that gives you things you want to do and you're forced to figure out how you can do it as lazily as possible. Online multiplayer works flawlessly as well.
76561198144185612,Recommended,427520,31372687,Posted: 26 April,all,wiredexperiment,"Countless hours of gameplay, tinker till you drop, and its not even finished yet! imagine what it would be like then!"
76561198015401819,Recommended,427520,31373251,Posted: 26 April,all,RESCUE520,Ok weekend just disappeared.Amazing game!
,Recommended,427520,31379605,Posted: 26 April,all,Space Jam JR,I.Love.This.Game
76561198120524092,Recommended,427520,31381694,Posted: 26 April,all,Zygarde,RIP Biters.
76561198162110169,Recommended,427520,31367195,Posted: 25 April,all,Nmason7665,Game is very fun and amazing time killer although I can't get the latest Update
,Recommended,427520,31382684,Posted: 26 April,all,Mayonaise-Chan,Ridiculously addicting game. Easy to sink hours into.
,Recommended,427520,31382782,Posted: 26 April,all,UBERS,If you like having huge stockpiles or building mass factories of random things or not so random this is the best game for that craving!
,Recommended,427520,31382567,Posted: 26 April,all,Strecht,"I bought this game after finding it in my queue and I haven't ever once regretted this purchase. This game has an extremely enjoyable experience from early to late game and since update 1.5 late game has become a lot more fun.Whether you enjoy robots and solar farms, purely steam powered factories with trains, or something in between this game has a ton to offer. I've played this game with my friend on 3 different run throughs and each time we did it differently. Having a blast each time.As for the team behind this game I have nothing but praise. Putting tutorials for trains out on their own and helpful guides for the more confusing parts of their game is something most developers leave to the community. And the developers have kept up with updating and fixing bugs as best they can. Every update adds more content and urges me to restart a world from the beginning (That's just how I do it though. You can keep one world for the whole game AFAIK)In my opinion this game is a must-buy if you enjoy this style of game."
76561198036688876,Recommended,427520,31383614,Posted: 26 April,all,phydeux77,"great game, alot of fun. i hope there is a farther expansion on the universe after you get to space"
,Recommended,427520,31383574,Posted: 26 April,all,jeff,"Reminds me of the old Warcraft III survival mods, only it is a fully fleged savable game. Extremely addictive"
76561198253051399,Recommended,427520,31385430,Posted: 26 April,all,talder03,i am on mac and i cant get the new update.
,Recommended,427520,31387879,Posted: 26 April,all,FireByTrial,"this is simply a great game, with the 0.15 now on experimental the possibilities just went up even more"
76561198324509683,Recommended,427520,31400231,Posted: 27 April,all,jon.curry,"Absolutely amazing game, but so complex. Racked up 20 hours in the first week, and had no idea what I was doing... But it's SO GODDAMN GOOD!One thing I will say: Be prepared to be sat on this game for a few hours at a time at least; it needs a lot of focus and attention to get anywhere... but it's so damn WORTH IT!"
,Recommended,427520,31400656,Posted: 27 April,all,Shrimp Fried Rice,"Hey, thats pretty good!"
76561198195066205,Recommended,427520,29154747,Posted: 9 January,all,Mystery Guy,"Very good game so far, but i would not recommend if you don't like waiting. If i had to add one thing in, it would be a paid dlc for a 10x speed of research."
,Recommended,427520,29153210,Posted: 9 January,all,gammadust,"Where did the ♥♥♥♥ing time go? The ♥♥♥♥, another hour has passed? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..this is bad...10/10"
76561198009060155,Recommended,427520,29150192,Posted: 9 January,all,krazygluon,"This game defines everything I enjoy about the indie market.  It has a unique set of challenges and allows freeform solutions to them, offers a nice blend of creativity and combat, and in my mind, picks up where heavily tech modded minecraft leaves off.  The graphics could have been better than the 2d Sprite technology used, but if the devs made a choice between going 3d and building the concept and substance of the game, they made the right choice in keeping it 2d."
,Recommended,427520,29121402,Posted: 8 January,all,JonnyTrump,"I thought I reached an endgame sit-and-watch phase at 16 hours in, but then robots happened. And I realized I've pretty much just scratched the surface. If this is your type of game, it's very much your type of game, and it's just what I've been looking for in a game, personally."
,Recommended,427520,29123730,Posted: 8 January,all,dylpickle1404,"One of my favourite games that I have. I dont know, theres something about starting from mining coal constantly for your machines, and going to having a fully automated factory that is completly self sufficient, that makes me want to come back to this game every day. it makes you really think, sometimes you might have to get a notepad out and draw what you are trying to make to be sure it works, but it is all part of the fun!"
,Recommended,427520,29145871,Posted: 9 January,all,Loke,Gameplay > AllBest game by far 2016
76561197971784560,Recommended,427520,29145950,Posted: 9 January,all,Brucolac,This little gem of a game will keep you busy for hours.  Don't let the early access tag scare you off this game is worth playing right now.WARNING: Will cause user to miss a lot of sleep.
76561198195330131,Recommended,427520,29146098,Posted: 9 January,all,LaughingOceans54,I cannot stop. The. Best. Game.
76561198009316026,Recommended,427520,29278851,Posted: 15 January,all,Justin,"It's the fifth highest rated game on Steam for a reason. Being essentially able to automate Minecraft makes for a great experience, though there is a learning curve. Kind of like an XCOM game, the game gets easier the later in the game you get with more advanced technologies and materials.At least try out the demo, and if the objectives in the demo are too annoying (I thought they were), ignore that because the base game is normally freeplay, without them.Development is coming along nicely, there's a demo you can try so you don't have to pirate it or anything, and the community is pretty chill (if saturated, so it's hard to get noticed)."
76561198057925679,Recommended,427520,29276398,Posted: 15 January,all,LloydCiv5,"This is a great game. Would highly recommend it. However, the multiplayer part is not always so great. Many players are extremely autistic/toxic and regularly troll and grief the other plays. There are many ways of doing the same thing in the game, it's pretty creative. Some ways are better than others, and trying to have a conversation with others in the game often results in you getting a ban and being ganged up on by a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,427520,29252612,Posted: 14 January,all,Seanster,5 more minutes turns into 5 more hours.Really addictive and alot of fun
,Recommended,427520,32122218,Posted: 1 June,all,Medicdude,"Base building, check.Aliens to kill, check.Concrete to pave the world, in progress.You will like factorio if you like any kind of strategy or building games, or just want a genuine fresh game to play."
,Recommended,427520,32112239,Posted: 1 June,all,Bones6101,This game is just pure addiction and i absolutly love it to bits. Definatly recommend
76561198044654128,Recommended,427520,32140178,Posted: 2 June,all,Bulwyf,This game is a ok.
76561197963429391,Recommended,427520,32466934,Posted: 16 June,all,HOO BA BA KANDA,Need mooore hours per day
,Recommended,427520,32466252,Posted: 16 June,all,Second Mouse,"Amazing game. Take my advice though - don't read game guides on your first play-through. Figure it out on your own - that's where half the fun is. The other half of the fun is then improving on your designs on your own and looking at what other people do. There's so many efficiancy improvments to be made in your factory designs.The game is constantly being updated. 0.15 was realeased not too long ago which brought heaps of new tech to be researched and created (heck there's even new science packs you need to create to carry out research).Oh and mods? SO MANY! You can get really crazy with things like Bob's mods which layers on heaps of new tech over the base game, or keep things simple with some basic visual effects/quality of life improvements. All created by the community.If you consider yourself a gamer of any kind, you owe it to yourself to give this game a try!"
,Recommended,427520,32469404,Posted: 16 June,all,Kornski,"Factorio will eat your free time. Factorio will eat your sleep time. Factorio will cause your loved ones to print missing posters with your face on them.That the game is this complete, this polished, this much fun, and the devs still don't consider it finished is utterly amazing.Wube are the shining example of ""how to do Early Access right"", ""how to do community engagement right"", and above all ""how to make a game that is digital heroin right""."
,Recommended,427520,32476619,Posted: 16 June,all,Lasobi,May the hours of your life spent at this game rest in peace as you build and optimise your factory.
76561197961972443,Recommended,427520,30050388,Posted: 19 February,all,thefinn,"Great game, love it."
76561197965241983,Recommended,427520,30045594,Posted: 19 February,all,!!,"Looked at >400 hours played, well damn, yep its good ^^^Could do with some more stuff in the base game, but luckily there's great mods for that."
,Recommended,427520,30088138,Posted: 21 February,all,Pantallicus,"I would definately reccomend this game to a friend, and have. Its a very fun game that kills time and challenges you in a way that feels organic and new. I like when my carefully laid out plans flow smoothly when I turn the power on, or when they don't go smoothly, and I have to backtrack through my factories to find the ""kink"" in my flow of resources. This game is all about design and order, and will become disorderly and frustrating the further you go along (the best part of the game imo). The lack of information about build order is bothersome, but like any game you can find detailed information on youtube. This game could use a harder a.i. but with community mods, the sky is the limit. I would rate this game 6/10 with the only negative factors being initial price and the difficulty level of the base game (too low)."
76561198042346960,Recommended,427520,30092445,Posted: 21 February,all,Theyoungop,awesome
76561197961306323,Recommended,427520,29201790,Posted: 12 January,all,Xany,"I manage to play a ""bit"" of it and I have to say, if you thought youve seen it all, you start to install mods and your mind = blown."
,Recommended,427520,30086776,Posted: 21 February,all,Smashead86,"So I have something like 427 hours in Factorio. May not be as many as some people, but it sure is a lot of fun. Some people like to rush, and build to the end game as soon as they can. Me? I like to take my time, enjoy the game, and get there eventually. The map I'm playing now I'm about 26 hours in, and I have yet to ramp up on bots. Thats next though. Well, after i finish putting down the concrete. Oh, and I have to switch my furcnaces over to electric too,♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats right I need to finish my solar field. man, OH and I need to amp up the advanced circuit board.. SO ALMOST ready to be almost ready to start bots.Ok, going to go work on that now. 10/10"
76561198031753115,Recommended,427520,30086797,Posted: 21 February,all,bOBA bETT,"If you like games about turning one thing into another, and using that to kill native life on a strange planet, then this game is right up your alley"
,Recommended,427520,30083122,Posted: 21 February,all,catmop852,"This game is amazing I made a train and I just told it ""do all the work for me"" now I can't stop processing♥♥♥♥♥♥hel..p m..e 11/10 IGN confirmed"
76561198021041781,Recommended,427520,30085115,Posted: 21 February,all,proof.hacker,"Summing this game up isnt hard at all, i dont have a single bad thing to say about this game.Ridiculously Addictive. Stupidly fun."
76561198271897307,Recommended,427520,30086417,Posted: 21 February,all,Juano el Spongo,it is good game
,Recommended,427520,30080785,Posted: 21 February,all,Wizz,"When i saw it i thought, ewww this game doesn't look good, but oh i was wrong. Im addicted to this game. I Now can't stop playing & thinking of what to do in this game. Mods make the game even more better and exicting to play, very pleased! £15 Well Spent."
,Recommended,427520,32966324,Posted: 28 June,all,Nubb3r,"This game will keep you up at night. There's always something more you can do and the best thing is that this game makes you want to do it. Don't bother too much about perfect ratios and the like in the first 50 hours. That stuff will keep you busy enough later.Really, a true gem."
76561198008592064,Recommended,427520,33036328,Posted: 30 June,all,Zorewin,Words alone fail to describe how excellent and addiciting this bloody game is.. Best 20 euro ever spend... Also mod support is great!Also... if you happen to have a live of any kind dont buy it!! its so fracking addicting!! :D
76561198031466406,Recommended,427520,32222000,Posted: 6 June,all,Temp3r,"One of the most addictive and well thought out games I’ve ever played! Prepare to lose many hours of your life. Like a combination of city planning, manufacturing and tower defence games. I should mention the “tower defence” is optional. There is a ‘peaceful mode’ if you just want to focus on building, which might be a good idea in the beginning when you’re still learning. Watching some good YouTube videos really helpsThe tech tree is insane, and just when you thought you’re far into the game, you realise you still have a long way to go.Worth every cent!"
76561198151926719,Recommended,427520,29993913,Posted: 17 February,all,Suicidlal Batman,i love this game so fun and addictive <3 10/10
,Recommended,427520,31857625,Posted: 20 May,all,Brianwong007 the eggs benedict,This game is one of the most fantastic ways to waste your time.
,Recommended,427520,32241785,Posted: 7 June,all,Gypsy,"It starts out innocent enough, until you start to get good at automating things. That's when you find yourself playing for days straight with no regard to sleep or food.I'm pretty sure if you get good enough at it, you can come back to a fully sentient base that may or may not let you back in."
,Recommended,427520,32261493,Posted: 7 June,all,Craven,RTC+Minecraft = Factorio
,Recommended,427520,32261519,Posted: 7 June,all,Deathstrokepwner,Truly an amazing and fun game.  It has so much replay value and customization.  I highly reccomend this game!
76561198260619414,Recommended,427520,32258902,Posted: 7 June,all,Potato_Quantum,"At the beginning i was really confused, but after an hour i really started to like the game, just give it a chance/bLook at me I played 30+ Hours!9.99/10"
,Recommended,427520,28410569,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,-HolaRevolt-,"Recommended for playing. The best, if you like some break your mind"
76561198116694730,Recommended,427520,32259465,Posted: 7 June,all,Jade Hardly,play ftb minecraft if you dont want to pay moneyotherwise its good8.5/10
76561198283446602,Recommended,427520,32247091,Posted: 7 June,all,Conquerer444,piping sulfuric acid through metal pipes... XD
76561198071419613,Recommended,427520,32247629,Posted: 7 June,all,Sparky mark phillips,"i've been up all night making the base from hell, too much coffee, now i need beer, bout time someone made a decent game :)"
76561198072850025,Recommended,427520,32265731,Posted: 8 June,all,brendan4,If you like Planetbase or other stratergy games you will love this. It has 100s of technologies to resurch.
76561198136065766,Recommended,427520,32226761,Posted: 6 June,all,spriteland,"10/10Factorio is a game where you are stranded on an alien planet to construct a factory where there is almost constantly an imminent threat of giant, insect-like aliens.  Many people dislike the aliens in the game, but personally, I enjoy that part of the game.  They keep you on your toes so you don't just relax and let your mining drills mine for you.  The game encourages teamwork as well.  When playing with a friend, it can be difficult.  My friend prefers to focus on building defenses and expanding large fast, while I prefer to expand slower, but to even out, get the best quality equipment everywhere possible.  This can sometimes cause conflicts, but my friend is far better at defenses than myself, so I could not survive without him.  The game is very deep, at some point basically endless, but there is always something fun to do.  I don't see anything to fix about this game, just keep adding content and fixing bugs.  I highly recommend this!"
76561197992684630,Recommended,427520,32553943,Posted: 18 June,all,Siim,"This game ends too fast. I mean when I completed this few times and builded big, optimized ""perfect"" factories there where no more interest to do it all again - not a sinlge time. I want 50% more content. Total conversion mods, some other final projects to get out of the planet or drilling inside the planet. A super mech robot or Space fleet in order to get to other planets( with some essential metal to build galaxy transport system) . Some AI Guys that continues building factories and conquering the planet.  But this is a nice game."
,Recommended,427520,21758416,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,e v i l e d d y,Can't.. stop.. playing..
,Recommended,427520,32582770,Posted: 19 June,all,Darsor,"Factorio is great. There's a real sense of accomplishment when you manage to automate something new, or make an old design more compact and efficient. If you enjoy thinking games, Factorio is for you."
76561198020051605,Recommended,427520,32577615,Posted: 19 June,all,gerbilOFdoom,The factory grows.
76561198093042533,Recommended,427520,22690934,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Russel,"Verry cool game, you should definitely buy it. And if you think it's to hard, you can find loads of good tutorials."
76561198176573707,Recommended,427520,32601420,Posted: 20 June,all,will,Best game I have ever played 100/100
76561198042966658,Recommended,427520,32597263,Posted: 20 June,all,phobiA,"At first I thought that I would be overwhelmed by the game.... and I was RIGHT!But I mean that in an incredibly positive way. You are immersed into thousands of different goals, and it is just a fantastic experience. 10/10"
76561198003223016,Recommended,427520,32597409,Posted: 20 June,all,OmgWtfBoar,Well what can i say about this game but Boom Weekend gone . Hard to explain to coworkers what you did on the weekend ...
,Recommended,427520,27624787,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jojo le pigeon,it's ok
76561198174823386,Recommended,427520,32605638,Posted: 20 June,all,Zagrid,"This game is an interesting title that I found via youtube and wanted to have a look at. It is huge about automation and has many options in the game for everyone. People that start out the game will find it not mandatory but very useful to take a look at the tutorial levels. While these definitely need an update to keep up with all the new content in the game they were useful for starting out.Many machines and other tid bits in the game need a good explination on what they can do and what they need to be used for again going back to those tutorial levels.With the games updates in the past it has evolved well and has held my atention to a T, however story is not even an afterthough and is completely missing in the game. Your intentions are questionable the monsters have no lore nor backstory on why they will attack you and honestly I have no idea where I am in this world.Susspending your disbelief will also be needed in how this guy is able to build all these machines and factories in such little time and being able to be rambo with just a little armor up aganst aliens the size of him or bigger.Overall I would score this game a 7/10 for it's interesting premese but after a while repetative actions and long wait times. Players wanting story stay far away from this game, but people looking for gameplay or interested in machines, robotics, or Minecraft will have some enjoyment here."
,Recommended,427520,32609745,Posted: 20 June,all,HawksHail,Factory sim the game
76561198118280882,Recommended,427520,32608831,Posted: 20 June,all,Aeris772,10/10. LOVE.
76561198036813675,Recommended,427520,32131612,Posted: 2 June,all,Senpai,"So lets get started with this review!Factorio a very fun game were you create your own factory and expand rapidly making your factory bigger and making it more automised fighting of hordes of aliens that come because with your factory you creat pollusion and pollusion attracts aliens!the game is well optimized never had a problem with the game it runs smoothely and its just greatthe gameplay is nice and could be repetetive at some point but its always fun seeing your factory expandas for the combat is minimal but fun for what it is killing swarms of aliens is always fun and its a nice touch that only building a factory the game can sometimes turn a bit difficult because things does get complicated the more you advance your factory and i would really recommend playing this game with your friends as without it is still fun but you will have way more fun playing it with friendsalright now time for the ratingoptimization-10/10ui-7/10gameplay-10/10graphics-6,5/10"
,Recommended,427520,32120078,Posted: 1 June,all,SafetyDancer,"I do love a good optimization styled game. This one gets rid of all the veneer of a game and says, ""Here is a system. It's easy to understand and figure out. Now optimize and automate all of it, and we'll reward your brain with serotonin."""
76561198318868941,Recommended,427520,32119420,Posted: 1 June,all,kooistra.greg,i think this game is really good. I recomend this game for pepole who like making factories and have a challenge at the same time.First you try to make the factory and as you expand more challenges come.It is a never ending game really you keep making more and more things.
76561198035745327,Recommended,427520,31474524,Posted: 30 April,all,DemonWTF,"If this game was catagorized as a controlled subtance and then confiscated from me I would be ok.You will lose sleep, get sick, you will not go to the doctor, you will die on top your keyboard.I'm half way there.Save yourself."
76561197960369021,Recommended,427520,31468506,Posted: 30 April,all,VanDread,"Grate game, recomend it for anyone that hast to mutch time."
76561198199877845,Recommended,427520,31471620,Posted: 30 April,all,AgrithZaylum,"If you're not sure if you want to get this game, play the demo first. If you're left wanting more after you finish the demo, then get the full game. It's one of those '5 more minutes' games and you end up spending several hours playing before you realize what time it is. And if you somehow get bored of the base game, there are plenty of mods that can easily double or triple the amount of things you can do."
,Recommended,427520,22962410,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Aswabor,"This game is absolutly brilliant and i love playing it, It is creativ chalenching and just genius.will never regret buying it."
,Recommended,427520,31469084,Posted: 30 April,all,EZ,This game will suck up every last bit off your life that you didn't even know you had.
,Recommended,427520,31468272,Posted: 30 April,all,Duncanyoyo1,"The game runs great, even on lower end hardware, which is quite a feat for all thats going on in the game. I got the demo to see how the game would run, and after I finished it I was pretty confident that it would run well on my computer, so I bought it. And I haven't regreted it at all. The game is so much fun, I started playing at like 10pm and the next time I looked at the clock it was 4am! 0.15.X is awesome, and nuclear power is crazy."
76561198297402185,Recommended,427520,31455839,Posted: 29 April,all,Firefist05,everything agout this game is perfect outher than the modding if there was one update it should be and update to saftey of the mod list.cuz when i got a few mods it gave me a error when ever i try to login and it has locked out of the game so eather make the mods safer or remove mods all toghter
76561198035779953,Recommended,427520,31455959,Posted: 29 April,all,Flash,100% worth the $25...
,Recommended,427520,31472013,Posted: 30 April,all,Giantkin,"Get it.  addictive.40hrs on my first save,already 30hrs on my second.  (shown time is way over)I got it, i have a hard time stopping playing, very fun.  (i played Minecraft with my kid, loved the machine stuff) this is all that, and more.     How to descibe without sounded....too fanboy....  hm.Hard to describe.  well worth it.  $20   so at this point $4/hr spent... and im still in the beginnings of playing this game!(first save is my tutorial setup.  Aliens on pieceful mode.)Heard there was a demo...try it.   if you like it...then buy it.  simple.\"
,Recommended,427520,31474485,Posted: 30 April,all,Renato,Give the devs an award! They nailed it!
76561198056582136,Recommended,427520,31474824,Posted: 30 April,all,Zyryd,what am i doing - Everybody that isnt a astronuclear physicist 2k17
,Recommended,427520,22324730,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lacksi,IM ♥♥♥♥IN HIGH ON CRACKTORIO
,Recommended,427520,32188203,Posted: 4 June,all,Sahuagin,Gets better and better the more I play it. Rich deep interesting gameplay.
76561198302617468,Recommended,427520,32226078,Posted: 6 June,all,A Large Piece Of Bologna,Highly addictive game. Played only 8.4 hours so far but still very intriguing and VERY addictive. BUY. THIS. GAME.
,Recommended,427520,32228502,Posted: 6 June,all,Redorb,"Factorio is a game where you build a factorio to complete a goal, the usual free play goal is to build and launch a rocket but the game goes on and on, its extreamely fun and there is so much to do, even the slow start feels fun.In all my factorio experience, i have not once felt bored, apart from when i'm waiting for my techs, but thats my fault for not using my labs more efficiently."
76561198120393926,Recommended,427520,32159126,Posted: 3 June,all,Lucian's House,AWESOME game defo a real challenge some times and that is defo needed in games these days.
76561198047460236,Recommended,427520,32164390,Posted: 3 June,all,Orion_Prime,"Strongly recommend to anyone who liked Minecraft-like games. So far out of all similar games I played this is the best one.Currently as of 15.x version the game is being polished up for official release, but felt like a complete game for a while already."
76561198148865278,Recommended,427520,32167093,Posted: 3 June,all,tybug02,love this game
,Recommended,427520,32186573,Posted: 4 June,all,Mega Hitler,Fun as hell and there is so much to do in the base game.  Install some mods and its like a whole new game with even more to do.
76561198125171966,Recommended,427520,32185401,Posted: 4 June,all,Cybermegatroll,The Game is Fan and the team are adding a lot of now stuff keep up the good work guy I love the game
76561197970239203,Recommended,427520,32204036,Posted: 5 June,all,DaBozMan,"The number of hours played by most people posting reviews speaks for itself.If you're even remotely interested in the subject matter then do yourself a favour and get this game.Quite simply one of the most interesting games I've ever played.Oh and if you're worried about it being early access, don't be, I haven't had one crash in my 200+ hours of play."
76561198142083824,Recommended,427520,32162704,Posted: 3 June,all,Djungeln,I like.
76561198005891708,Recommended,427520,32212136,Posted: 5 June,all,ChocolateTower,"This game is seriously great, and I'd consider it a steal at double the price they're asking. The developers are doing an excellent job refining it and adding features/improving the UI and graphics as it nears release, but it's been stable and playable for years. It has an active modding community too. Just get it."
76561198051292860,Recommended,427520,22681821,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MaKaNu,Ja ist ein gutes Spiel würde wieder kaufen...
76561198041722081,Recommended,427520,32227459,Posted: 6 June,all,Ace,"I owe this game for increasing my performance at work. I've always been slightly perfectionistic but never really able to know where to start looking for issues in possible performance or process. In two days, this game has taught me more about diagnosing process and performance issues than 10 years worth of practical work in the work place. I look forward to spending many more hours in game and thus doing better in real life.Great game, A+"
,Recommended,427520,31920394,Posted: 23 May,all,Skaven,so good
76561198019790856,Recommended,427520,27881622,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LuuMor,"My favorite game.If you like using your brain, then this is the game for you.I would recommend to play this game without guides and just have fun creating your own mess.When you hit the 100 hours mark, maybe then check out what other people have created to enlighten yourself."
76561198034183739,Recommended,427520,31407040,Posted: 27 April,all,Dr. Toboggan MD,Played the demo and I was hooked. Figured the price tag was worth a shot for a game thats always updating and adding new content. This game is incredibly engrossing.
76561197972285489,Recommended,427520,22630989,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Doom_Taquito,"It's an excellent mashup of Starcraft  and Sim City, with some terraria/minecraft elements thrown in. So far it's been rock solid after 30 hours of game play, and I haven't found a single glitch, even though it's in early access. I'd like too see a lot more campaign content as it develops. Excellent game.My only nitpick is that I wish they had done the laser weapons as actual lasers, rather than something like a homing blaster bolt, but that's just a personal style preference.ETA: Now well over 150 hours in. Game is still great. Playing on the 0.15.x updates, and the tech research trees and some of the forumla changes are very good. Great dev team."
,Recommended,427520,31499646,Posted: 1 May,all,Gonzous,"Good way to grind a few hours away, limitless possibilities, i love it."
76561198045191521,Recommended,427520,31503939,Posted: 2 May,all,PEPPY,"Im going to go to bed at midnight, I just need to improve this first...Damn now that needs to be bigger.Oh now i need more ore.Better get some oil going.How do i make blue science packs?GREAT now I dont have enough power.Hey now i have to improve this all over again.Oh look its 3am...Most addictive game I've ever played.No matter what you do. It can always be bigger--faster-or more efficient"
,Recommended,427520,31503716,Posted: 2 May,all,Fekinox,"This is the cheapest time machine you can find on the market! Shame it only takes you to the future, though..."
,Recommended,427520,31580171,Posted: 6 May,all,BrynjolfRavendale,I don't smoke but... The best £15 of quality cocain you could buy.
76561198253556776,Recommended,427520,31587215,Posted: 6 May,all,PromethiumOxide,Wasn't ecpecting too much from this but when I started playing this my entire flew by like it was 20 minutes when in reality I clocked in around 13 hours of gameplay. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes to sit down and lose a few hours in your own little world.
76561197996151720,Recommended,427520,31588608,Posted: 6 May,all,Sleck,"So I have had this game 2 weeks and managed 79 hours of play time? This game is one of the most addictive and fun games I have played and it's so cheap! The idea seems simple, and you can pick up the basics really quickly but the more you seem to think you know the harder it becomes. You can google builds for automation but the fun and feeling of acheivement of working these out on your own are amazing.I started playing in the 14.x release and just as I felt like I had that working 15 came out and I had to learn it all again. With this being Early access means even if you feel like you have it under control (which I doubt unless you are hitting a few hundred hours of play per patch) things will change and you will have to rethink your entire build.Truly amazing game, I really wish I took my friends advice before and purchased this ages ago.I can see this game becoming a massive hit soon and possibly even becoming a household name. (come on, biter plushies and toys would be awesome!)10/10P.S - Just BUY IT!"
76561198024653966,Recommended,427520,31576765,Posted: 6 May,all,beilno,"So much fun, I get sucked in for hours playing"
76561198294356514,Recommended,427520,31592283,Posted: 6 May,all,FireRedKing,i relly like this game and keeps me up for hours playing this for a fun exprence
,Recommended,427520,32269705,Posted: 8 June,all,Spirri,"TLDR do not buy is far too addictiveThis game truly lives up to its name, really. It's (as you may guess) all about automation and creating something that will work with as little input from the player as possible, and at this it excels. Highly addictive though, so be warned. I can't think of much to say else, so I'll move onto the pros and (few) cons.Pros:Very thought provoking gameplay, everything is a puzzle, and it feels great after you work it out and get everything to run smoothlyGreat community, the amount of information about the ideal ratios for power, creations people have made, is almost overwhelming.Almost endless replayability, as you can improve your designs playthrough after playthrough.Surprisingly relaxing, it's almost soothing to watch your factory work.Constantly being updated and improved, and is very polished even in its current early access state.Cons:Combat system is not fleshed out, too many weapons for the few enemies you face (minor considering it's not the main focus)Movement can be tedious, vehicles are to dangerous to use for in-factory transport and trains are too largegoodbye, what little social life I havethat's a lie, I have none anyway"
76561198040958046,Recommended,427520,31378754,Posted: 26 April,all,qazzi,exceptional game with lots of replay value. I highly recommend you buy it.
76561197972099346,Recommended,427520,31379228,Posted: 26 April,all,ULTRAPANTS,"A wonderful, interesting game."
76561198163879822,Recommended,427520,31378976,Posted: 26 April,all,TheClown,Most addictive game I've ever played!Great job by the dev's.
,Recommended,427520,31386183,Posted: 26 April,all,^^0qog^5!^7wallab^1i,amaizing... one of those games where 10 minutes into the game you know where the next 1000 hours of your life is going..
76561198013553135,Recommended,427520,31385511,Posted: 26 April,all,KingManiac,Absolutely one of my favorite games I've come across in a long time!
,Recommended,427520,21738298,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Gandhi NukeMeister,"it's like crack,but ""healthier""10/10"
76561198304543501,Recommended,427520,31407266,Posted: 27 April,all,dingrando.joseph,"Ok so random internet person here. Do it. Shell out the 20 bucks. I got this game a week ago....i have 140 hours into it...... And im still on my first custom map after i did the campaign and got a feel for how to set up a couple of things without looking like a 5th grader playing tetris. I can't describe to you the satisfaction of setting up your factory bit by bit. Planning out one thing, then unlocking another set of things to build, adding onto it, while not taking away from the other parts of your base. Branching out a little to get that iron you so desperately need and setting up trains to transport it back home. All while fighting off the aliens who dont like your factory or the pollution it puts off. It itches that spot you know you have if your looking at this game. Try the demo. Tell your friends. You will waste away. Random internet stranger word of honor. 10/10"
76561198028573910,Recommended,427520,31403251,Posted: 27 April,all,GlucoseDaddy,"It has been a little while since I last played so if they made changes since, I will need to update this when I get to it. Overall it is a fantastic game but very challenging as you progress. There will be times where you build yourself up too much in one spot and leave yourself open in another. Hit and Run tactics are a bad idea. The enemy gets stronger the more you fail to wipe them out. This makes it rewarding to wipe them out in as few strikes as possible. But they will also send swarms at you so you cant just hide away and build up in the shadows. Losing is something you must be okay with as you learn how to build your defenses and prepare to do strikes against the enemy. Plan your resource gathering and be ready to restructure your entire base if needed. Power is precious, gaurd it with your life. Build safe zones within your base in case of a breach. If you love inventory management, crafting, and detail oriented base management with an unforgiving enemy, this is a game you will sink days into and love every second. This is not a casual game."
76561198040146151,Recommended,427520,31686451,Posted: 11 May,all,Astroswiss,Quite involved and interesting logistic simulator - love it!
,Recommended,427520,31680652,Posted: 11 May,all,cjmoto7,"Whenever I drive past those big powerlines in real life factorio flashbacks flood my mind, or was it when I see them in factorio reality flashbacks flood my mind? hmm na can't be that#Cracktorio"
,Recommended,427520,31679641,Posted: 11 May,all,Lolcatsnigga,♥♥♥♥in 10/10
76561198051194348,Recommended,427520,31609746,Posted: 7 May,all,Chance,Aesthetically wonderful and crazily addictive survival/building game with a difficulty curve that needs some polish.Factorio is essentially a weird representation of writing code. You design and build systems to do things that then grow more and more complex requiring tweaks and rewrites to optimise efficiency. It's strangely addictive due to the insane frustration of not knowing what the hell to do followed by the pleasing pride you get when everything runs smoothly (until the next problem arises).Still in early access it needs some polish but I'd reccomend getting it if you want a cool time sink and a bit of a challenge.
,Recommended,427520,28043013,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TwistedSoul,"It gets better with every patch. Awesome game, if you start playing, you may suffer from:sleep loss,better numeracy skills,and enchanced muscle memory.Hence its nickname: Cracktorio.Also there many mods to choose from which range from cosmetic to full game conversions."
,Recommended,427520,31607633,Posted: 7 May,all,Lev1a,"Interesting premise, a nice campaign (which effectively feels like a tutorial) and an effectively endlessly replayable Freeplay mode which can be even more customized by modding the game with mods that are already out there or if you want and are able to do so, mod it yourself.Definitely recommended for people who want either a relaxing factory building/ automation puzzle game (there's an option to not have the enemies attack first or disable them altogether) or a super hard fight for survival on an alien planet with a hostile environment in which you have to mine resources, build (military) technology to climb to the top of the food chain and ultimately take to the skies by escaping the planet via a rocket launched to space."
76561198024968243,Recommended,427520,31619069,Posted: 7 May,all,arginine2,"Just remember that there is, in fact, a ""Quit"" button on the main menu."
76561198179342283,Recommended,427520,29547829,Posted: 28 January,all,Ingre,"After a while it gets REALY boring!Have you seen the trailer? Are you intrigued? Now, go to youtube and watch the Factorio speedrun by AntiElitz to see how this game is realy played. Pay attention to how he is running around to keep up the production and how he is building dozens of buildings to produce one ressource (not just four or eight buildings like shown in trailer). My point is:1. you will become a machine to service other machines and2. on low ressource settings, you run around to build new mines before they get depleted.This is no fun for me!What I expected:You build up a base and defend it or explore the regions (instead of non stop servicing the base).Edit: OK, let's call it a good game. After changing the settings (to more resources) I could finally concentrate on building the base. Although the game is still pretty bleak, it is without bugs and has very responsive controls. Besides it's beta version and nobody would believe that I don't like it after I played dozens of hours."
,Recommended,427520,32912788,Posted: 27 June,all,Royal_Sloth_King,Good game.
,Recommended,427520,32913630,Posted: 27 June,all,SPCY MICHE,its good
,Recommended,427520,32840661,Posted: 26 June,all,Fierce,This game is really amazing! I started playing this game not expecting much but ended playing for 5 hours staright... So yeah its really addictive so make sure you have a lot of time on your hands! Its worth the $20. (tbh this game is a steal)
,Recommended,427520,32849324,Posted: 27 June,all,summit,where did the time go
,Recommended,427520,32854601,Posted: 27 June,all,Bjarno,"Steep learning curve, and not really easy to get into. But when you get the hang of things, it's fun to create factories that will help you creating even larger factories. There is an end goal, but even without reaching it, it's a fun game!"
,Recommended,427520,23372364,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,JoaoVitorBF,"Such a great game. If you love creating automated systems like in those Technic Minecraft mod packs, this is for you."
,Recommended,427520,32823840,Posted: 26 June,all,Sonoftheking85,Wow what to say. This game is AMAIZING! WIth over 400 hours played and I still have room to grow and explore. I can't wait to see where they take this game. I highly recomend this game
76561197971403117,Recommended,427520,32801902,Posted: 25 June,all,Theadrum,Must have if you love base building/economic management. Brings out your inner engineer. Highly recommend. Only downside is that after playing through once there is little reason to play again other than to do it better or faster.
76561198044682669,Recommended,427520,32639644,Posted: 22 June,all,Rippchen_mit_Kraut,"Almost flawless game, the only flaw being that I am losing control over my life in order to expand my factories. Why do I always need more iron?!Also the devs are super active and publish updates all the time.And if you don't like building factories, just go ahead and build a LED screen ingame to watch your favourite movies, I won't judge."
,Recommended,427520,32643841,Posted: 22 June,all,Love,"This game is very good, Its almost everything I love, Strategy, Basebuilding, Automation.....Survival.... These are some of the things i love about this game, because in most survival basebuilding games, I hate having to sit down in the later stages to mine resources! I wish in other games they'd add a way to automate resource collection, But this game has that down pact."
76561198058192077,Recommended,427520,32607452,Posted: 20 June,all,Hmmm...mmmm...hmmm,This game makes me want to find a way to automate everything in my life.
76561198310600288,Recommended,427520,32634962,Posted: 21 June,all,昆特牌真良心,Best Game Ever
76561198053701323,Recommended,427520,32632594,Posted: 21 June,all,SeñorOcho,Automation.  Automation everywhere.Even if it takes minutes to do manually and hours to figure out the logistics of automating it.
76561197991395400,Recommended,427520,32634632,Posted: 21 June,all,RhesusPieces,"Love this game and all the mods. Hmmmm, 1300+ hours, I need a life."
,Recommended,427520,32633929,Posted: 21 June,all,jonathanshammer,One of my top ten favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,427520,32622125,Posted: 21 June,all,GankdalfTheGrey,"Very complicated, I like it"
,Recommended,427520,23465864,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Megis the Fuckhead,>Build decent factory that can sustain itself for quite some time>Gets to alien sience packs>Realises I need to destroy everything to continue>Wastes 10 hours trying to fix production lines and sience packs>Realises I had acces to logistic system this whole time>Finally fix everything>Wait why is there not enough green circuits?Best social life killer 2016.In all seriousness the game is really good.
,Recommended,427520,32625424,Posted: 21 June,all,oBerry,"The kind of game that's good for one playthrough, then you stop until the next update. Still tons of fun, at least 30 or 40 hours of gameplay per update. They could stop now and I'd say it's worth the price."
,Recommended,427520,31763611,Posted: 14 May,all,Kim Jong,"I planned to get so much done today, now I have a digital factory instead.10/10, would ruin ecology again"
,Recommended,427520,31765677,Posted: 15 May,all,Elon Musk Sticks,"I played at least 200+ hours of Factorio before buying it. I bought it because this game is without a doubt one of the best games i have ever played. It's incredibly addictive and so incredibly rewarding. The learning curve may seem steap at first but i guarantee you before you know it you'll have 100 + hours and a brand new love afair for this incredible work of art.I tip my hat to you developers, you've made a masterpiece."
76561198188877247,Recommended,427520,31771743,Posted: 15 May,all,FiaskoMUSA,Best game ever nuff said
76561198067511337,Recommended,427520,31777105,Posted: 15 May,all,DrunkyMcRage,So good I bought 2 copies.
,Recommended,427520,31795062,Posted: 16 May,all,downandnerdy,"Factorio is my new obsession.  So addictive, I can lose hours in this game.  So intricate and detailed with absolutely no bugs or glitches.  Just awesome, maybe perfect."
76561198165907304,Recommended,427520,31884178,Posted: 21 May,all,xIridiumNyan,"I you love building a factory and detroying alien bases, Then this game is definetly for you. When you're bored of building kill some aliens. You can even squash enemies with a tank!"
,Recommended,427520,31883464,Posted: 21 May,all,t0X3n,"Amazing and ""addictive"" game. I look forward playing this game many more times when things get added."
76561197975887327,Recommended,427520,31885161,Posted: 21 May,all,Slitherpuff,Simply one of the best games I have ever played. A masterpiece.
,Recommended,427520,31873458,Posted: 20 May,all,[EIQ] McZarya,all around great game and great mods
,Recommended,427520,31873426,Posted: 20 May,all,JackBubbles,"This game is extremely addicting, I played it for 8 of the first 24 hours that I owned it. Incredibly fun for anyone who likes sandbox building games."
76561198103435598,Recommended,427520,30433462,Posted: 10 March,all,thomassanford01,"Hi Folks!I want to start by saying I put together an extreme gaming computer with every possible bell and whistle to play those bleeding edge games on ultra settings, and what do I find myself playing Deus Ex and such?..Oh no, A game that looks like something I played 30 years ago on an Atari 2600. This is one of the most interesting games I have had the pleasure to play in a very long time. It is frecking awesome.GREAT JOB!Thank you**Edit** - Well with over 500 hours in (now my most played steam game ever) I feel like I robbed these developers at the $20 price tag. I am still loving this game. They just keep adding cool stuff and revamping thing based on the great community following they have. If you haven't played it just buy it you won't regret it. I was reluctant with the 2d graphics and boy was I wrong. You can make what you want out of it be it a relaxed builder or nail biting tower defense type game tons of option to play with."
,Recommended,427520,31868333,Posted: 20 May,all,Pocket,"If you liked city skylines because you like directing traffic, you'll love this game.This is an intense management game. I often play games like this or buy games with similar mechanics and afterwards find them much shallower than expected. Not so here."
76561198005805908,Recommended,427520,31867599,Posted: 20 May,all,Zippydoo,"This is a totally unique game.  Build simple structures at first, and then as the game progresses make bigger and more complicated structures.  I love that you can eventually build construction robots to make steadily larger and larger constructs, and bluprints so that you can replicate structures agan and again creating ever larger objects.  If you like open ended games which you can endlessly tinker with to your hearts content, Factorio is for you.  I've lost 100's of hous to this game already and find it constantly replayable.  No 2 games have ever turned out the same.The vanilla game itself is stunning and perfectly playable for countless hours, but there is also a highly active modding community that make add-ons which give endless variety to this game.  Mods are a dream to install - the game downloads and installs them for you - so no worries about finding them in windows explorer and messing about with any kind of 3rd party mod manager tools etc which other games sometimes make you do.If that wasn't enough there is also a really helpful user forum where players discuss and share designs, and a full on multiplaer version where you can cooperate with other players to create absolutely staggeringly large bases of infinite complexity.10/10 - I'll be playing this for years!"
,Recommended,427520,31858993,Posted: 20 May,all,"Rest in Peace, Kemono Friends","""Just one more production site!""It's never just one more production site."
76561198141531615,Recommended,427520,32810857,Posted: 26 June,all,jaw.wwjd,What happened to my free time???
76561197972842041,Recommended,427520,32804084,Posted: 26 June,all,Putty Skywalker,it is good
76561198128514129,Recommended,427520,32718599,Posted: 24 June,all,0x7377,"When you play this game, you'll fall into 2 groups of people.The first group of people will play this game, think ""this is tedious, why would anyone play this?"" Followed by quitting the game and never touching it again.The second group however, play this game, think ""this is tedious, I wonder if there's a way to make this easier"" Only to spend the next several hours automating and optimisingeverything. It's never ending.If you think you'll fall into the first group of people, try the demo first and see if you like it. If you think you fall into the second group of people, buy this game and enjoy it suck every little bit of free time you have."
,Recommended,427520,32717736,Posted: 24 June,all,Bolexle,"Incredible game, definetly worth its full cost."
,Recommended,427520,32715830,Posted: 24 June,all,HG | Pyrrhic [D],Fantastically addicting.
76561198243406168,Recommended,427520,32694273,Posted: 23 June,all,Tythegamer,RECOMMENDI recommend this game to all people.Factorio is one of the best games ive played!
76561198139868549,Recommended,427520,32718247,Posted: 24 June,all,sirgafnor,One of the best games I have.The devs keeps updating en fixing the game.also the mods are very active
76561198068867533,Recommended,427520,33194970,Posted: 3 July,all,malcolmmullen,This game will steal your life.It's ridiculously fun.
76561198136321886,Recommended,427520,26990549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drakevonwolf,I go to work. Watch a conveyor belt. Think: I should balance this thing.Realize I am at work.  Wishing I could be home to balance my conveyor belts.Awesome game.
,Recommended,427520,33197037,Posted: 3 July,all,equaviruz,FUN
,Recommended,427520,31935936,Posted: 24 May,all,TheBlockhead,AWESOME!!!
76561198186543679,Recommended,427520,22642754,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,You just got rekt by a lvl 6 :(,"I must warn you before you buy this game.It's so good days will fly by you when you're playing the game.play your first game without mods, so you will get to know how the game works. if after that you still want to play more, it's best to install mods. I recommend mods like long reach and larger inventory."
76561198180888530,Recommended,427520,33154280,Posted: 2 July,all,Fabler,for me factorio was worth it its a fun game that can last for a really long time its replayable and you can make it harder if you want the modding community is fully operational and its very fun to play with mids
76561198007562716,Recommended,427520,33154532,Posted: 2 July,all,yankeedoodleboy,great game
,Recommended,427520,33161959,Posted: 2 July,all,ppickeri,Brilliant.
76561197992396923,Recommended,427520,33163619,Posted: 2 July,all,Dihedral,fabulous game   :)
76561198158702489,Recommended,427520,33167170,Posted: 2 July,all,theReubenator,Such an addicting game. if you like survival and technical games you should definatley buy this game
76561198046915659,Recommended,427520,33193529,Posted: 3 July,all,richardhorne,The digital equivalent to heroin and the worst game in the world to play if you have any form of OCD.You should see my power network.
76561198227892424,Recommended,427520,33247778,Posted: 4 July,all,[Np]Tonton[V2],"This game is awesome ! for so many reasons :Early access who has more contents that ubisoft gamesLike minecraft with redstone , infinite possibilitiesDev who's listen the communityMod supportMultiplayerLet your mind drop into this game , you will never come back before 2050"
76561198388954080,Recommended,427520,33122516,Posted: 2 July,all,foantje,best game on steam!
,Recommended,427520,32289406,Posted: 9 June,all,kepler0,'power'shhh
,Recommended,427520,26791067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dizzie,"37 hours ingame, and i've only touched the top of the iceberg.Don't think about buying this game if youy can't afford to make enough spare time for it."
,Recommended,427520,33220032,Posted: 4 July,all,morkub,"Very fun game. Though there is a very steep learning curve but after you learn the basics and get further into the game it's one of the best experiences I've had with a game. But it's still not complete they are changing things and adding more stuff to the game, balancing, tweaking and getting feedback to make the game better. Sadly you can get burnt out quite fast if you keep playing it for weeks (like I did). If you take a break for a week or so you can get back into it"
76561197971338903,Recommended,427520,33243330,Posted: 4 July,all,Hatti,Never do manual labour again!
76561198042110563,Recommended,427520,33238665,Posted: 4 July,all,SkyHunter96,"When I first got this game, I wouldn't lose hours of time, I would lose days. This game is micromanaging heaven. Don't get this game unless you like tech and have a void to fill. PS, always watch the tracks. ALWAYS."
,Recommended,427520,33250362,Posted: 4 July,all,Takeupa,"Really fun, but you gotta want to think and work a lot, that's the fun."
76561198064617980,Recommended,427520,33260566,Posted: 4 July,all,The Flying Potato,I couldn't figure out how to get my blue flasks to the science machine so they hitched a ride on my coal belt.Sanitary.
,Recommended,427520,32569393,Posted: 19 June,all,Jacoob,"There's nothing quite like the feeling of getting your factory up and running correctly, no matter the hardships it has put you through. Although it can be hard to make an effecient factory at first, you quickly learn different methods of getting the job done, whether it is from experience or the vast fanbase.Pros-Great gameplay-Great replayability-Extremely satisfyingCons-A lot to remember-Where did all my time go?"
,Recommended,427520,33388956,Posted: 8 July,all,sizzler99,Awesome Game if you like Automated anything!
,Recommended,427520,22088528,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★★★★Rocket Science: The GameWaves of aliens crash upon your walls.  Fight them off with turrets, tanks, power armor, and traps.  Progress through a deep tech tree, as you attempt to launch a rocket into space.  Combine a handful of simple dynamic mechanics (conveyor belts, grabber arms, and single item stations), into fully automated complex assembly lines.+ True co-op+ Turrets & Drones+ Infinite performance+ Clicker Heroes; with actual gameplay+ Minecraft; with purpose, progression, and expansion+ RTS; with direct control of your character and infinite build variety+ Portal; with crazy self made puzzles in the process of puzzle solving+ Intuitive gameplay/building/UI, crafting, automation, and AI support+ Fallout 4 Power Armor; but actually usable, and customizes playstyle+- Public multiplayer can be fun, but is plagued by griefers and connection problems+- Chat is bound to ~ by default, but can be changed.  Interaction bound to Enter instead of E- Buggy account system- Friendly fire (this may have been fixed?)- Requester chests are game breakingly easy- No offensive AI; no terminator armies to send against aliens- No teleportation; for getting back to base or for endgame/gathering* Mods"
76561198282584289,Recommended,427520,33391111,Posted: 8 July,all,Mutha Fukn Putin,feed my ocd
76561198069952997,Recommended,427520,33392255,Posted: 8 July,all,Macewindow54,Hello! do you want to ruin your life? Already tried Civ? Dominoe chain reactions too mundane? THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!
76561198108387322,Recommended,427520,33396027,Posted: 8 July,all,TinLegs,I like the game beacuse you and your friend can build 1 machine that has the same purpice but you guys can build it about 1000 diffrent ways. There is always something to do to keep you buzy early and late game. And there is a good challange to the game. It is not a free build game you have to work for progress.
,Recommended,427520,33421152,Posted: 9 July,all,FlooF,"Watch out! Careful! This game is dangerous.You'll find yourself passing by hours, and quite possibly days, completely forgetting about basic life necessities such as food, water and the occasional excersize, playing this absurdly addictive game. Look up the definition of crack-cocaine. ""Factorio"" is clearly listed right underneath."
76561198104312981,Recommended,427520,33433842,Posted: 10 July,all,Bossotron,It's a great game for people who like resouse manegment!
,Recommended,427520,33114164,Posted: 1 July,all,Vexenite,"Brilliantly designed game. With the addition of mods, this game offers A LOT of content and has even came out of early access yet. I spent 20 hours in my first game, only to have my base that I'd spent so much brain power on ruined by aliens, but it didn't bother me much anyway."
,Recommended,427520,33353189,Posted: 7 July,all,barpet | Farmskins.com,"Super addicting, wasted my life, worth it, would pay $40 for this game. 10/10 modding = 11/10"
,Recommended,427520,33317199,Posted: 6 July,all,59m59,Very Good Game!
76561197962342493,Recommended,427520,33317539,Posted: 6 July,all,HogthowHogthow,"Game is great, lots of replayability. Best automation game other than fully modded minecraft I've played and works great on long flights."
,Recommended,427520,33318742,Posted: 6 July,all,Bob Saymone,Awesome game. Let your smart friend do the job and go burn some aliens nests.
,Recommended,427520,33319642,Posted: 6 July,all,DesertShadow,Easily one of the best games to play with friends online.
76561197992377642,Recommended,427520,33321153,Posted: 6 July,all,PinkiesBrain,Simply a great game - played it over and over.
76561198028890136,Recommended,427520,33402653,Posted: 9 July,all,Kevin Rudd,Had to Rate this as a thumbs up purely off the fact that I havent played in months but omg the Dev's update this game so much.Top job!
76561198123598477,Recommended,427520,33410866,Posted: 9 July,all,crazy_amphibian,The totorial is way lacking. the graphics aren't the best. but the gameplay compinsates for all of this. i recomend updating to the betas
76561198042131199,Recommended,427520,33409738,Posted: 9 July,all,cmdrcarnage,Yo dawg.... I automated your automation....
76561198079091760,Recommended,427520,33212933,Posted: 3 July,all,aqwsjhk,one of my favirot games. I realy love the simple Graphics yet complex gameplay.also love that fact that its esialy moded i think mods just add so much to the game.i whould give this game a 8/10
76561197972782005,Recommended,427520,33421505,Posted: 9 July,all,MattNever,a few bugs here and there but still a super addicting and awesome game. would def get
76561198210348472,Recommended,427520,33420285,Posted: 9 July,all,Bromosome,"10:30 - I'll go to sleep at 124 AM - It's gotta be close to 12, right? Hasn't been all too lonOH JESUS HOW DID IS IT 4 ALREADYIn all seriousness though, it seems like a complicated game, but it all boils down to ""Alright, make things to make things for me, to make things for me"" while keeping out the natives.10/10 - would risk sleep deprivation and loss of job/significant other/friends again"
,Recommended,427520,33406074,Posted: 9 July,all,Claynz,I just like everything with this game...
,Recommended,427520,33399826,Posted: 9 July,all,__Tigo__,Such a cool game! Trying to get all achievements before I launch my rocket!
,Recommended,427520,33383389,Posted: 8 July,all,wormcity,"you don't need to know anything just play like half of the tutorial and grab some friends who also know next to nothing and ♥♥♥♥ around. you'll definitely have fun but it's probably best if you have a ""nothing matters so why not"" attitude going into it. you won't make it all that far but it's ok you'll probably laugh a lot"
76561198335687073,Recommended,427520,33446707,Posted: 10 July,all,the_revenger89,"i have lost the meaning to sleep. If you dont care about sleep, work or your social life then i recomment this game to you. It is just absoultly amazing."
76561198003067264,Recommended,427520,29346563,Posted: 18 January,all,Auberaun,"Very good and fun strategy game, especially with multiple people."
,Recommended,427520,33452695,Posted: 11 July,all,Knoepert,Bought it to see what the fuss is about.I think i might die playing this pearl.
,Recommended,427520,26833884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JackfromTull,"Viciante e divertido.Dica: Se você acha que deu de cara com um bug no jogo, olhe duas vezes, não é um bug. O problema pode ter sido criado por você.----------------------------Addicitive and fun.Tip:  If you faced a bug on the game, check twice, it's not a bug. The problem may have been created by you."
76561198049836635,Recommended,427520,33420047,Posted: 9 July,all,Bman326,"Tried it once and lost track of time, Got mods  and couldnt figure out how to automate science 13/10"
76561197980913013,Recommended,427520,32344881,Posted: 11 June,all,schlowmoe,Good game
,Recommended,427520,22272184,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kerbalslayer,Finals this week. But I can play just for one hour right? Yeah I totally can. I deserve to. Wait what the actual f*ck is that the sun?
,Recommended,427520,32318116,Posted: 10 June,all,BMO,Absolutly one of the most fun and addictive games i have ever played. with over 290 hours played so far i still have not done everything this game has to offer. very regular updates and the dev team listens to the community. everytime you play the game and start a new world it wont be the same old way of playing. i rate 10/10 best money i have ever spent
,Recommended,427520,32287221,Posted: 9 June,all,Zaidr6,why can't i update this game to 0.15?
,Recommended,427520,27824093,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fickbiene,Epic
76561198333710006,Recommended,427520,32316810,Posted: 10 June,all,Gerald the Seal,This is a great game to play both alone and with friends as long as you have the patience to allow the game to become great as there is a lot of trial and error in this game.
,Recommended,427520,32346744,Posted: 11 June,all,TraN^,"Good game.For anyone having problem with freezes when clicking outside of window or when clicking in menus - set launch options in steam game settings.""--force-opengl "" without """""
,Recommended,427520,29833211,Posted: 10 February,all,Nahz,"Factorio in a nutshell:""IT'S ALIIIVVEE!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!""One of my all time favorite games among my all time favorite games. Factorio starts simple and gets as complex as you want it to be. There is no other game that delivers like this one does. Every morning cup of coffee is that much better in front of Factorio. I'd pay for this game again.Factorio makes life better."
,Recommended,427520,28515880,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ByteWolf,Great Game!
,Recommended,427520,26988533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Silvre,It's like a cheaper version of cocaine
76561198140231083,Recommended,427520,32331923,Posted: 10 June,all,Krangus the Trainborn,I got the game because a friend recommended it to me. I went into this blind. Little did I know that i would end up playing about 24 hours altogether on a server with that friend. This is probably one of the best non-full price games ever created. Best spent twenty dollars ever.
76561198099078568,Recommended,427520,32360259,Posted: 12 June,all,Vladimir Lenin ☭,Best Game I have ever played i put 75 hours in a base with my buddy and we got so much completed this game can and will suck you life away
76561198113583828,Recommended,427520,32369998,Posted: 12 June,all,A Random Killer,After 4 restarts and a lot of struggle I finally finished the game!!! In 0.14 ...Well now it's time to do it in 0.15!*Instantly gets a headache*
,Recommended,427520,29219021,Posted: 12 January,all,hoellamike,"This is one of the best games I have ever played so far(In my opinion).I won't explain the game, because there are enough people explaining it in their reviews.To have fun in Factorio you have to be able to set your own goals (yes, there is a story but it is not very time consuming and if you want to have a ""mega-factory"" you definitely have to set your own goals, otherwise it won't get ""mega"")<-- ""own goal"" part was kinda taken care of in the 0.15 patch with endless researchI showed this game to some friends and most of them got bored within 20-30 hours of gameplay. (I don't know why, but I think it was the missing goal thing)But I love the management-aspekt of the game and as soon as you expand your factory, you have to expand the supply-chain and then you have enough resources to expand the fac..."
,Recommended,427520,32403241,Posted: 13 June,all,ScrubDaddy™,"I am never satisfied with my spaghetti, but this game keeps bringing me back. A++"
76561198045354705,Recommended,427520,32375854,Posted: 12 June,all,Nostromo,"The only bad thing about this game is that it's just too damn addictive, and there's never enough hours in a day."
,Recommended,427520,32414115,Posted: 14 June,all,Santechnikas,A rather addictive game.
76561198071716814,Recommended,427520,32387167,Posted: 13 June,all,rednaxal,"Important Warning: If you have some work to do and/or a girlfriend then don't even try this game! Otherwise you'll risk to loose everything.I never ever have spent 400 hours on a single game for 20+ years of active gaming. And I hope I will never do this again (will never discover a game like factorio).The game is extremely addictive. I'd offer a slogan to this game: ""Ok, I promise, I'll automate this process now and will get back to work/will go to bed"". Because that is what I was constantly telling myself every half an hour while playing this game.One of the best gaming experience I've ever had."
76561198225733272,Recommended,427520,31927273,Posted: 23 May,all,NOVA,wow i bought this game a couple of hours ago and this game is so fun
76561198232308236,Recommended,427520,32416214,Posted: 14 June,all,Loading your face,This game deserves praise. Only in alpha the game is together and feels real. It deserves my like! P.S. this is the first game I  have ever liked. Its that good!
,Recommended,427520,33511549,Posted: 13 July,all,Semjafin,Awesome!
,Recommended,427520,33539308,Posted: 14 July,all,scrubnelius,"Factorio is a delightfully complex and original combination of a management and tower defense game.I'm a sucker for automation, and this definitely scratched my itch, consuming 100h of my life in the first 9 days I owned it.Now I need more iron."
76561197970512270,Recommended,427520,33543278,Posted: 14 July,all,AAKURTZ,This game grabbed me by the balls and didn't let go. If you love building♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is amazing.
76561198106574584,Recommended,427520,33592467,Posted: 16 July,all,ActusTheory,"I would highly reccomend this game to everyone. I've barely scratched the surface of what you can do with it, and it's already one of my favorites. I saw it had good reviews, so I bought it to see what it was like. It is worth way more than $20. The gameplay is fun, it has a neat art style, and reaching the next big goal you set for yourself is so rewarding. Even if you don't think you'll like it, it is worth a try."
,Recommended,427520,33607001,Posted: 17 July,all,ShadowRaven,Great game if you are into tech and strategy games. The only small downside is that content updates aren't pushed out very frequently.
,Recommended,427520,33598601,Posted: 16 July,all,capitano0000,"Factorio is one of the more entertaining and replayable games I have bought it years. I recommend it to pretty much every gamer I know. I have recently had to uninstall it, as my 32 bit OS is no longer supported. If you have a 64 bit system though, it really is a great game."
,Recommended,427520,33616942,Posted: 17 July,all,Splaze,10/10
,Recommended,427520,33615403,Posted: 17 July,all,Alexespresso,This is game is very fun especially when u play it with friends you should get it if you can
,Recommended,427520,33621063,Posted: 17 July,all,Vlord,It is Currently 7 AM... i got 0 hours of sleep last night...YET Somehow I am still happy....SEND HELP....
,Recommended,427520,33620047,Posted: 17 July,all,Ichelo,"Very fun game!  The devs are great, it is receiving regular content and evern the experimental branches are very stable.  Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,427520,22188028,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Loafwad ツ,Factorio the game you play again and again cause you're never truly satisfied.
,Recommended,427520,33618332,Posted: 17 July,all,Legend,Best Game Ever! xD
76561198280131878,Recommended,427520,33623366,Posted: 17 July,all,lord of potatoes,"Wildly addicting game. over 70 hrs logged, and I know some with over 300 hours. 10/10 would play again."
76561198098985887,Recommended,427520,33622891,Posted: 17 July,all,Kye,gud
,Recommended,427520,24576705,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,UNST4BL3,"People are overblowing the addictiveness of this game, but it is extrememly fun. Another note is that if you are a perfectionist, you're going to be making very slow progress because you'll constantly be tidying machines, power poles, and conveyors."
76561198194427174,Recommended,427520,33652191,Posted: 19 July,all,AfricanSpaceJesus,"Factorio, an innovative original game aimed towards making and maintaining factory.Awesome game guys, Keep up the good work!"
76561198060379385,Recommended,427520,33653501,Posted: 19 July,all,farukcank,Amazing
,Recommended,427520,33653389,Posted: 19 July,all,Pirate of AE,"If you like making a large automatic factrio its for you >.> if you liked Buildcraft, Indurstial craft or any of thos like mods for Minecraft youll enjoy this."
,Recommended,427520,33653641,Posted: 19 July,all,LR720,"A well made early-access 2D sandbox that is well past the point of being a completed game.You will waste many an hour as you expand, optimize, and upgrade your factory(s), and work towards unlocking and launching a rocket (which I still have yet to do). The demo/trial does not do the game any jusctice, so I recommend looking at the creations of others as to what this game has to offer. The images on this store page can all be built, and you will probably build factories of similar complexity in very little time. (*factorio time, that is, as it seems that it goes by x100 faster than real life.)"
76561198142870929,Recommended,427520,33670996,Posted: 20 July,all,MooOooN TooOooN,This game is love.
76561197968494194,Recommended,427520,33679717,Posted: 20 July,all,Gawwad,Very interesting concept executed perfectly. You can build absolutely huge bases and the game works flawlesly.  Great replay value and even better with a friend or two.
76561198048676751,Recommended,427520,33666232,Posted: 19 July,all,Naithiz,A game about making things.......then making then faster.....then more of them.whats with that spaghetti belts there?must play more....more.......MORE!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,427520,33667943,Posted: 20 July,all,BillCosby,10 / 10
,Recommended,427520,33774306,Posted: 24 July,all,questingbeast,"Read a bunch of reviews saying all they can see whenever they look around is conveyor belts, I can vouch they are completely right I spent a whole night laying in bed considering how I could autocraft science and send it to the reseach labs.Its good, and definately worth your time."
76561198276071318,Recommended,427520,33783368,Posted: 25 July,all,speedytech,Time flies if you play this game. Great to play with freinds or by yourself.There are also mods that add even more fun to the game.Plus the devs are always working on updates
,Recommended,427520,33783406,Posted: 25 July,all,Russian Pupster,i think this game is one of the best games i have every played. its a change making your factory then others games where you make settlements and farms. there is some this i would like to have change one is to make the flame thrower cost more science packs. cause the flame throw is a very overpowered weapon and the ammo is very easy to make.
,Recommended,427520,33649667,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr Chubby,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198402560557,Recommended,427520,33777085,Posted: 24 July,all,soxontour,love it!!!
76561198206396039,Recommended,427520,33776244,Posted: 24 July,all,Done,kek
76561198000355192,Recommended,427520,33775607,Posted: 24 July,all,SorD,Clearly best game I have played for a long time. Worth of full price.
,Recommended,427520,33775124,Posted: 24 July,all,trygve2409,"One word:        Amazing!Upsides:- An absolute blast to play (So addicting)- Great and charming graphics- Awesome concept- You actually have an oppurtunity to use your brain for something good and productive ( :P )- Easy to learn the basics- Decently hard to learn the advanced stuff- Easy to pick up- There is always something to do, if you manage your time right- Awesome for Lan parties and multiplayer sessionsDownsides:- Some quirky game mechanics (Traintrack building can be a bit tricky at times)That is all the downsides i can think of while writing this...Fun to play and a blast to make up factory designs for.This game deserves even more attention than it already has.9.89/10 - Ztfv2"
76561198017144180,Recommended,427520,33770401,Posted: 24 July,all,Goose,Awsome Game
,Recommended,427520,33723377,Posted: 22 July,all,|FA| haze,Great game with a good mix of creative base building and tower defense combat. I hope it gets even more content in the future.
76561198150432933,Recommended,427520,33727480,Posted: 22 July,all,not magic friggus,yes
76561198331048152,Recommended,427520,33721385,Posted: 22 July,all,itsbenjones2015,"Factorio. Bloody brilliant.Factorio is a type of game that, if you enjoy it, you will have to say goodbye to hours of your week. Even if it is not the perfect game for you, you will still sink hours into this game if you want to complete it. But, this game is brilliant. There is fighting, survival, automation, base-building... and if you feel that the normal gameplay lacks a big enough element of survival, just increase the amounts of spawners. Want to have all of your decisions with your materials matter? Decrease the amount of resources. This game is nearly perfect. However, and the very end of the game - about the last 10% - the game is just grind and waiting, which is a shame, and it is very boring to replay without changing the rules, as you know everything. However, this game is still one of the best games I have played in years.Quick tip though: Don't sit down for a play session unless you have 3, 4 or 5 hours spare."
76561198319813031,Recommended,427520,33719391,Posted: 22 July,all,Potato,"1. Wake up at 10.002. Start play factorio2. Check the clock, ohh its already 21.00"
76561198068597707,Recommended,427520,33719224,Posted: 22 July,all,BorrowedLuck,I really love this game :-) Please try it out!
,Recommended,427520,33721117,Posted: 22 July,all,moegex,Great game that keeps getting better with every update.
,Recommended,427520,33719682,Posted: 22 July,all,Kryeger,Perfect mix of puzzle and incremental games.
76561197966261441,Recommended,427520,33731625,Posted: 22 July,all,Aeurix,Hours and hours of fun for $20... very addicting.
76561198153200888,Recommended,427520,33733934,Posted: 22 July,all,Bokun,"Good. Its based on automating machines to get better things. At first, its just automating machines, but later on, aliens start to attack. The aliens can get pretty tough later on and is a nice part of the game. (but you can always put peaceful mode on if you don't like it)"
76561198067600351,Recommended,427520,33734677,Posted: 22 July,all,Demo Jesus,"I have yet to find a game that rivals how well made and amazing Factorio is.On my first playthrough of Factorio it evoked feelings of intense curiosity and inspiration with it's perfect balance of complexity and pacing(couldn't think of a better word). Playing Factorio made me want to learn how to play it with even more skill.It's also incredibly replayable; every consequent playthrough has brought up more ways to play(I've created my own challenges and completely new factory designs)If you haven't tried this game yet, you should. Even playing Factiorio once changes the way you think and operate in a positive way. It demonstrates how small things can work together to achieve something truly spectacular."
76561198107896640,Recommended,427520,33728822,Posted: 22 July,all,FalseShepard,"It is pretty ridiculous that this game is still staying in early access, the amount of content is worth like 5 times the price. Don't even bother to wait for sales, it is a brainless purchase.Oh and the community is nice and active, if not a little too smart."
,Recommended,427520,33770242,Posted: 24 July,all,Chuswull,Super fun. A bit repetitive / grindy end game without mods. 8/10 very spicy!
76561198023628368,Recommended,427520,33773467,Posted: 24 July,all,Earth McFlat,"Mind-boggingly good. Absolute must-buy.Nit-pick : It doesn't keep you as engaged as other games of this genre, making the game more laid-back."
,Recommended,427520,33714770,Posted: 22 July,all,Spork,Painfull but Fun! :D
,Recommended,427520,33760882,Posted: 24 July,all,LolCam12,"Very fun. With the version 0.15.x it allowed the game to be a bit harder within Railworld and the custom maps! Other wise its fun, well played, well thought, and you kinda have to plan ahead for your base! The game is very fun and I hope to see another big update soon!!!"
,Recommended,427520,33766849,Posted: 24 July,all,Lorcs,it's always deeper than you tought
76561198398080910,Recommended,427520,33764501,Posted: 24 July,all,Hiro_Katsuki,Decided to play a few hours of Factorio.  That was almost 12 hours ago.  Fantastic time sink.
,Recommended,427520,33768875,Posted: 24 July,all,Shran,Probably one of the best games that I own. :-)
,Recommended,427520,25519379,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shark 7-11,"Hit a tree -CheckHit a rock -CheckSmelt Iron -CheckAvoid Biters -CheckBuild an assembly line -CheckBuild a well planned out assembly line -ErrrBuild a rocket -Wait what? What rocket? There are rockets?Send a Fish into orbit -Fish? How you build a fish?Active developers. Looks like a 16 bit, plays like a 32bit - 10/10"
76561198101314634,Recommended,427520,33709680,Posted: 21 July,all,melsinaow,"If you haven`t yet, build 2-4 personal laser deffences grab a tank, racket fuel and flamethrower fuel. also a few con bots and some repair kits.Best ride of my life."
,Recommended,427520,33709811,Posted: 21 July,all,Rasputin,"For those who enjoy designing and automating production, this is a game for you to try. It is relatively cheap and gives you a lot to do, even once you have launched your first rocket and ""technically"" won the game, you can choose to expand your factory and make a more efficient production line, or start a new world with your new knowledge on automation. I have made probably about 5-6 different factories in my time on this game and even still I see people building things much more efficiently, challenges in resource collection and automation make this game fun, and its always fullfilling to see your previous lack of iron ore be solved by the new rail station you made for iron ore, or your lack of energy from solar panels be solved by your automation of nuclear power."
,Recommended,427520,33747832,Posted: 23 July,all,Mangione's Toilet Paper Fort,"Not for everyone, but if you think you might like it, you'll love it."
,Recommended,427520,33609529,Posted: 17 July,all,Mac-sterrace,"I saw the yogscast playing this last year so I decided to buy it. (Hey, steam rufunds if I don't like it, huh?)What I found a in this game blew me away. The gameplay, while slow, always finds a way to make me come back to the game. The technical knowledge that this game allows me to express with my ideal factory astonishes me. I sat down for my first gameplay session, and within two days I logged 20 hours. I am hooked. After watching countless hours of gameplay leading up to this game, I didn't see the value of getting the game. It seemed too boring. I was so wrong. The amount of things there are for you to do makes Minecraft look like a crappy student project made by a guy named Garold. On this game, there is (surprisingly amazing) combat, building, mining, researching, expansion, resource management that all surpassed my expectations. While there is no true end to the game, your imanginariom is free to run wild where it sees fit. Just be sure to pack yourself your trusty SMG and enough bullets to take down a government. I highly recommend.Help me. I have logged 60 hours in a week. send help."
76561198034811881,Recommended,427520,33811902,Posted: 26 July,all,ToXeN,Unbelievably good!!
,Recommended,427520,33806785,Posted: 26 July,all,Teflon Don,50 hours into the game and still havent made the rocket yet.. not even mad.10/10
76561198121777484,Recommended,427520,33886221,Posted: 29 July,all,DragonKingJake5,"Factorio is a very fun game in my eyes because I love engineering. Most people who like to play this game enjoy the idea of creating complex mechanical systems, and Factorio allows you to do that with realistic boundaries on electricity and resources. The game may not look very official on launch and in the title screen, but to anyone who that casts doubts on, I assure you that it is a quite bug free and enjoyable game, the only bugs I have run into is just poor connection in multiplayer, oh yeah and the aliens, those are some pretty nasty bugs :)"
,Recommended,427520,33724172,Posted: 22 July,all,Nice Spooks Nerd,I will reccommend any game where you can clear forests by repeatedly lobbing grenades into it
76561198091651526,Recommended,427520,33878324,Posted: 29 July,all,michael.hoeger1990,"One of the most fun (and complex) management games I ever played.Plus the developers constantly improve and expand the game (optimization, new content, new graphics).Absolute purchase recommendation (in case you can sacrifice a few days of your life)!"
,Recommended,427520,27385203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[YAAP]Selvation,Fun Enjoyable i got so may hours into this game and still havnt finished because i keep restarting a game when i get a better build 10/10
,Recommended,427520,33893034,Posted: 29 July,all,Da Ork,A game of find the next bottleneck. Also there are aliens.
,Recommended,427520,33871786,Posted: 28 July,all,b1gw0lf,"This game, holy moly, this game. Where to even begin...It's like Starcraft 1 and Sim City had a baby, but not really. Basically, you build a factory on an alien world using natural resources, but that doesn't even begin to describe it. Equal parts automation and strategy and city building, with some RTS style combat thrown in for good measure. It's deep, very well optimized, FULL of content, and oh so satisfying when you finally achieve automation with your factory. However...This game is tough. The learning curve is fairly steep. It's even more difficult and slow if you play solo. But man, if it isn't one of the most engaging and addicting games I've ever played in over 20 years. Plus it runs on everything! I would have GLADLY paid $60 for this title without even a second thought. It's that good."
,Recommended,427520,33872672,Posted: 28 July,all,Bert,a masterpiece
76561198026571089,Recommended,427520,33866764,Posted: 28 July,all,Hedgehog Madnss,"Factorio is a great building/logistics game. It's challenging, fun, and I do love watching my factory creations come to life. The only downside is trying to make an efficient factory is a complex thing and if you don't get enjoyment out of having the game paused for an hour trying to puzzle out a solution (like i do) then factorio isn't for you. Other than that, this is one of the better games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,427520,33872104,Posted: 28 July,all,Luke,i mean... it's only starting to suck my life away a lil bit
76561198065530277,Recommended,427520,33872257,Posted: 28 July,all,cody3851,"In Factorio you are a single engineer stranded on a planet infested with giant insects. Like so many other games you must build yourself bases and weapons to defend yourself, except unlike every other game involving crafting, you automate the crafting in Factorio. You build yourself a factory. Build and manage your power, figure out how you're going to move the massive amount of material you need to a conveniently defended place (Hint, it's probably with trains.) You set up gatling, laser, and flamethrower turrets to defend your factory as you work to launch rockets and continue to research more efficient technologies.There are few games more hypnotizing than Factorio. Sure it all starts out simple, mine some coal, iron, and copper. Move the coal and ores around manually to get things going. Then build some inserters and belts so you don't have to do too much. Then build a steam power set up and get started on science. Research assemblers and set those up. Then you've got to increase ore mining and smelting so you can research more. Then you need to expand your steam power plant to keep up with demand on and on and then it's next week.Yes this game is still in development. No it won't be going on sale. However, there is more than enough here to get at least 20 hours of game play, if it's your type of game easily ten times that much time."
76561198323027604,Recommended,427520,33873653,Posted: 28 July,all,349036752,VERY GOOD!
,Recommended,427520,33913542,Posted: 30 July,all,WhoKilledSethRich,By far the best 20 dollars I have ever spent for a game. Early Access? This game feels complete to me. With only 11 hours of play time I couldn't ask for a more time consuming game. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥it 3:00 in the morning.
,Recommended,427520,33909887,Posted: 30 July,all,prom,"This is a fun game.. best enjoyed with friends.. veeeeery addictive!!!! Hours pass, night becomes day.. one of the best games I played this year."
76561198081469326,Recommended,427520,24376108,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,elementelrage,Dont bother having a job or a life with this game
,Recommended,427520,33911256,Posted: 30 July,all,Malecko [Colossians 3:17],"Amazing game, tons of fun and will keep you addicted for hundreds of hours.  Once you complete the first time, you will realize how much more efficient you can do everything and you will dump another couple hundred hours starting again.  Recommend to anyone that enjoys strategy, building, tower defense, etc.  This combines them all and does a magnificient job of being successful."
,Recommended,427520,33916374,Posted: 30 July,all,D3lta Z0ul0u25,Expect this...Struggle to startAutomate some scienceSurvive Bitter attackSit down and relax while robot do the jobRun super fast with 8 exoskeletonGet run over by trainFinally crushing those damn BittersAutomate rocket buildLaunch one or two rocket per minuteRestart an other map because the game is too adictive
,Recommended,427520,33817937,Posted: 26 July,all,GuiguiBlitz,Great game for automation lovers.
,Recommended,427520,33817838,Posted: 26 July,all,Shakhar,Shut up. You need this.
76561198146633951,Recommended,427520,33818728,Posted: 26 July,all,LoyalWarnut,"its ome of the most mynd fu**ing games I have ever played""your making a smelting factory and notice you need more iron. on your whay to get the Iron you sudently stop and notice that thers no coper coming in so you go investigate and fix the problem. after realizing you need Iron to do it you sudently remember that you where on your whay to get iron for the extension of your smelting factory so you run get some iron and on you'r whay back with the iron and sudently you notice that the aliens are attacking and you go run and fight them off. after fighting them off you repair the damage. after that is done you think what needs to be done and remember that thers no copper coming in so you start placing down more miners witht the iron you brought for the extension. when you realize you'r mistake you go get more iron and finnish the expansion.thats how it is every single time I play.the most common thought you'r going to have is ""what the fu** was I doing again""?Tottally recomend it!!!!"
,Recommended,427520,33818947,Posted: 26 July,all,Extra ＴＨＩＣＣ,It's a game about automatingeverything. No joke.Everything.
76561198030131023,Recommended,427520,33829300,Posted: 27 July,all,Ark,"Factorio was....incredible. Simple at first, growing with complexity as each day goes by. I found myself completely engrossed in this game for quite some time and will likely return to it soon. I outright recommend this game, and after playing it realize it is worth so much more than just 20$."
,Recommended,427520,33803249,Posted: 26 July,all,sverredraaisma,best game ever
76561198043237121,Recommended,427520,33801574,Posted: 25 July,all,Nitroxien,"This game is magical it made my entire social life, friends, and family disappear. What are you doing with your life reading this instead of playing factorio STOP WASTING YOUR LIFE AND RETURN TO YOUR FACTORY!Though in all honest best game I have ever owned and best developers I have ever met! They are always on the forums communicating with the community, keeping them up to date, and implementing community suggestions into the game like most recently god dam artillery trains! ALL DEVELOPERS LEARN FROM THE DEVELOPERS OF FACTORIO THEY ARE DOING IT RIGHT!STOP SCROLLING AND START PLAYING WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!!!"
76561198011524266,Recommended,427520,33819679,Posted: 26 July,all,Greyjaei,Great game.ProsSense of accomplishment as your factory grows and growsProblem solving / near puzzle solving required.Great multiplayer.Tanks.Tower Defense elementsComplexMore polished and well-put together than many completed games.World persistance (as far as I can tell for now) throughout updates.Consistent updates.ConsMap generation is a bit repetitive in current state. (think they're working on that)Bug threat doesn't seem so threatening.. (I build a lot of defense and usually play with two others.. if I was playing alone it could be a problem.)UI could be a bit more intuiative. (more self-help options / integration of 'how-to's' into game) (small con)Very much worth 25$.
76561197960562746,Recommended,427520,33829921,Posted: 27 July,all,So Much For Subtlety,"The game mechanics is spectacularly well designed. It is obviously derivative, with many elements borrowed from other world building and factory-style games, but unlike most such games it keeps you perpetually occupied with challenge after challenge, even in peaceful mode! You don't need attacking aliens at all, the simple ebb-and-flow of resources, production throughput, and the increasing technology level conspire to ensure that there is never a dull moment.Honestly, the graphics is somewhat sub-par, but that's irrelevant. Like Diablo I or Dwarf Fortress, the gameplay is what matters, not the presentation.What amazed me the most is that this is first and foremost a factory game where one of several optionas for bulk cargo transpot is building trainlines, but despite this being a completely optional technology path in the game, it is the best train simulator I have personally ever played."
,Recommended,427520,33835837,Posted: 27 July,all,Stevo,"Great game, worth a buy!"
76561197992719256,Recommended,427520,33842209,Posted: 27 July,all,ncp,Ridiculously satisfying game.
,Recommended,427520,33846664,Posted: 27 July,all,Omae wa mou shendeiru,"Words cannot express how addicting, yet satisfying this game is."
76561198122410817,Recommended,427520,33851740,Posted: 28 July,all,Ctdsx,"Great sandbox. Already is playable despite low version number (0.15) - you have full game from iron ore to space rocket.Completed it once and near the end of first playthrough i thought ""we need nuclear power, steam is not enough"". Then BAM - update with nuclear powerplant ^_^"
76561198042331969,Recommended,427520,33846646,Posted: 27 July,all,Pungus,Extremely addicting game that is a blast to learn and play
76561198277865796,Recommended,427520,33850557,Posted: 28 July,all,pandi.veve,Wonderful
,Recommended,427520,30287914,Posted: 2 March,all,Dave,A masterpiece on par with Kerbal Space Program.Automate everything.
,Recommended,427520,33852656,Posted: 28 July,all,Macaroni Smiles,Giggly
76561198095825764,Recommended,427520,21515294,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Iceaganctor,NEED MORE CURCITS = NEED MORE IRON= NEED MORE SPEED = FASTER ARMS = NEED EVEN MORE IRON = SH*T NEED COPPER NOW.love the devs.
76561198001259080,Recommended,427520,33844889,Posted: 27 July,all,dustwolfy,"I was skeptical of this game at first, especially the trailler didn't seem very interesting to me and it's early access... But if you ever liked city simulators and wished there was something to more accurately simulate the flow of resources, this game is going to be perfect for you, as it was for me.The game features something unique in the gaming world today: Effort on behalf of the developers. The game continues to be interesting far into the gameplay experience, trough the simple fact that the recepies are infinitely convoluted, while still making at least some sense. Conveyor belts, pipes, flying robots carrying drums of sulphuric acid...One thing I also typically abhor in modern video games is that they waste your time, because while they are set in the future, nothing can be automated and if you dare to write a script, you are banned from the community. Not Factorio. Here, everything can be automated. In fact, automating it is the name of the game. And you don't have to code it in Lua either.,,,every bit as addictive as people say."
76561198405222641,Recommended,427520,33854960,Posted: 28 July,all,Charliecoll117,'Tis good like
,Recommended,427520,33838933,Posted: 27 July,all,K3NtheCanadian,"This game is every survival/sandbox/factory management/resource management/base builder persons dream.You crash land, and need to construct everything you need to build a rocket.You start with nothing, and mine raw resources and slowly build as you gather everything you need.The game is complex and deep, and the more time you invest the more the game will keep a hold of you.While the graphics can seem to be a little bit of a turn-off, they are actually extremely helpful in creating your factories, and allow everything to flow nicely, especially when you have 1000's of things being built, at the same time.There is also military aspects of the game, so it is not just 100% mine resources, you need to keep an eye on polution you create from your factories and your (Not so friendly) neighbors who are aliens hate you, and polution. You need to kill them. Harvest from them, and make things with there body parts. (Pretty dark actually... now that I think about it) but still an amazing concept that I have absolutely no problems with doing.I have spent countless hours playing this game. Building mega factories, tweaking things, installing mods, trying new things, and then I am blessed with the Dev's who are constantly updating and fixing bugs. They have weekly Dev Logs to keep players up to date on what is going on with the game as well.This has been one of the best purchases I have made for a game on the computer. And also one of the BEST EARLY ACCESS GAMES that deliver on the promise that they are continually working to improve the game with the investment you make. I have seen far to many games get abandoned and Factorio's Developers are always working, tweeking and making the game great.I cannot wait to see where this game goes in the future or what types of amazing games in the future this game will inspire."
76561198016489678,Recommended,427520,33846571,Posted: 27 July,all,Sporkninja,"Demo'd it. loved it. too poor to buy it. pirated it. played it for 10 hours. got paid. purchased it for the price of a full tank of gas. Still driving on its fun today. worth every damn penny. fully support this wonderful game. Keep it up devs, your really nailed it."
76561198016463753,Recommended,427520,33857508,Posted: 28 July,all,Warfare,"I was a bit skeptical at the beginning, but after playing it for one evening in the coop, I had to change my mind.I usually don't bother playing early access titles - low amount of contents, bugs, unpolished gameplay, poor optimization, etc. But this one is completely different. It's already bug-free, has polished and captivating gameplay, runs great on almost any PC, got enough contents to make you entertained for at least 100 hours.Also, I usually don't like base building sandboxes. The absence of goals, ""entertain yourself"" style gameplay gets boring pretty fast. But this one is very opposite.First, it has different modes enough to get you busy for some time.Second, it has coop, that works surprisingly well.Third, the sandbox mode has a real goal and ending, unlike the most early-access titles out there. You will have things to do all the time.Fourth, the amount of technologies and techniques in the game is overwhelming. Building electricity network, mine metals, craft weapons, defend your base and attack monster dens, harvest oil, create nuclear power stations and there's still tons of more activities to do! And each one has its own gameplay mechanics you will have to learn.So, if you like this kind of game, just buy it already. But even if you usually don't like them, just like me, there's still a big chance you will enjoy it a lot. Just download the demo and give it a shot.The only ones who will not enjoy this game are the ones who can't stand any logic or strategy games at all. This game contains action moments and gameplay, but still probably it's not for you."
,Recommended,427520,33803981,Posted: 26 July,all,Walky,"This game, good game"
76561198045991332,Recommended,427520,33899217,Posted: 30 July,all,JuicyKisses,"Great for $20. Expect to get sucked into multiple hour sessions because you REALLY need to build that new production line, or train, or maybe you need just a FEW more mining operations. I recommend watching a tutorial or two on youtube before starting so you can get the basics down."
,Recommended,427520,33874612,Posted: 29 July,all,Nelson the Seal,Played this with a friend for 16 hours straight and I had work the next dayLiterally from the time I woke up to the time I went to bed...and we only scratched the surfaceI can confirm that this takes away your life 16/10
,Recommended,427520,33882777,Posted: 29 July,all,DasEker,This game is awsome ... and addicting. I love it.
76561198384882819,Recommended,427520,33885877,Posted: 29 July,all,Edmund Owlcat,"- micro-management- logistics- a bit of combatThats the whole game and you'll be overwhelmed by the sheer posibilities you have.My estimated price you should be willing to pay: Fullprice, no question about it. (as of July 2017)"
,Recommended,427520,33914073,Posted: 30 July,all,mingalll,"Can't recomend this game enough. Great developers that are aleays working on the game, addictive gameplay. An engineer's wet dream."
76561198010605017,Recommended,427520,33893642,Posted: 29 July,all,claybigelow,"Really a great game. Just buy it, you wont regret it."
76561197971331658,Recommended,427520,33893559,Posted: 29 July,all,Beefpants,Settlers made fun again.
,Recommended,427520,33810214,Posted: 26 July,all,Galaxy,"This is an automated message, please do not respond.This game has been recommended."
,Recommended,427520,33433397,Posted: 10 July,all,Hillian,Factorio!More like Fact! It's fun ya know!?
,Recommended,427520,33922819,Posted: 31 July,all,Skoffaren2,very nice
,Recommended,427520,33237564,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr Steve Henson,Enjoyable game. Even better with some friends.
76561198144845022,Recommended,427520,33920291,Posted: 30 July,all,Bidahochi,"This is a good game if you have a lot of time on your hands. A LOT OF TIME. LOTS. Severe grinding game and its totally worth how much it costs. Simple at start, and it slowly gets more and more complex the more you play."
