user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,427660,22148390,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AestheticGamer,"So, having put 14-15 hours into the game, having experienced 7/8 of the endings (including the true ending), 8/11 of the horror scenes, and 14/25 of the death scenes, here's my breakdown:TOP-LINE: This is a new Clock Tower game. It is unpolished and janky even by the series standards, but it's not incredibly buggy or anything, and literally feels like an old-school horror game from yesteryear that just fell out of a worm hole and released. It can stand proud among the company it comes from, is unapologetic of how old-school and cryptic it sometimes is, but chances are if you liked the Clock Tower games, you'll like this game. It takes a bit to get going, but when it hits its stride you may find yourself hooked.PROS:-Unapologetically Old-School. This won't be a pro for everyone, but the game targeted a niche fanbase of the Clock Tower games, and this game delivers what it promises to that fanbase. It feels like an old-school horror game, a Clock Tower game specifically, and it can stand proud with them since it's a good Clock Tower game. It has most of the same flaws the rest of the series does, but also the same strengths, and there is some new stuff sprinkled in, but it also doesn't modernize its vision.-There are some really cool/creepy scenes. I wouldn't define this game as scary (I didn't find the other Clock Tower games especially scary either I should mention, though), but there is some beautifully morbid scenes in this game. Some more surreal, some more gruesome. The gore is over the top. The game has a tendency of coming out of nowhere with a particularly nasty or horrific scene and sucker-punch you with it into some over-the-top horror scene (in a good way!). The game manages to tie everything nicely, while still feeling like it's creative enough to get away with what it wants. Notably, the game gets more twisted in the last fourth of the game compared to the rest of the journey.-The story: It's not going to win any awards or blow anyone away, but the story is actually quite nice. It's got a lot of subtle details, things in the environment, hidden double meanings in some dialogue or small touches to bring it together. The story is extravagant (as Clock Tower stories usually go), but told in a hushed, more mannered way. It is a multi-layered story with a lot of elements it manages to bring together, but not with a bang, but a whisper, and some of it may stick with you. I didn't find any of the characters unlikable, and it's telling I would often look forward to the voiced cutscenes (that were often the more cinematic ones). If you pay attention, you may get more out of the story than others. The true ending is a bit brief, but supported with everything else the game says.-The audio. The music is nice, with some stand-out tracks (maybe with the only disappointment I had being that the Scissorwalker's theme was a bit simple and repetitive), the voice acting is actually solid, hammy, but enjoyable. There's some very nice audio ques and sounds used to good effect in the game.-It's campy: Between over-the-top deaths, hammy voicing in some places, some silly scenes and dialogue exchanges, there is enjoyable camp here, and camp that fits perfectly with what was present in past installments of the series.MIDDLE:-The graphics. It actually looks a lot better than I was expecting, but the visual consistency is all over the place. Some areas look really good, while others look kind of bad.-Animations. Just like the graphics, the animation is all over the place. Some of scenes are actually expertly animated, there is some parts where they move like humans and respond and move in a realistic or creepy way... and then other times they look like dead-eyed fish people with no lip sync or sometimes movement that look like creepy dummies trying to imitate humans, or flailing about unrealistically or stiffly. It's some of the broadest in terms of quality animation I have ever seen, some of it looks great, some of it looks terrible.-Bugs: The game is unpolished, but it's actually not all that buggy. It has a few bugs, but nothing that's game breaking I found (sometimes you may need to reload a previous save though). I put this in the middle since while there are 3-4 bugs I ran into, none of them were major, and for playing the game for 16 hours, there were far less than I was expecting.-Scissorwalker: Maybe it's only because I've played the whole series before this, but I feel the Scissorwalker was less of a threat in this game than the other Clock Tower games. Not in such a huge way, I did die and he did threaten me, but it felt a bit more scripted here than usual, and I found it to not have quite the same presence as the Scissorman in previous games, but still an effective, cool, and interesting stalker antagonist.-Obtuse: Expect to replay segments of the game because you missed some easily missable key item that, without it, you will end up at a dead end or bad end in the game. It's unforgiving & stays true to this from the Clock Tower games. One new aid is when you go to load your game, there's a 'level flow' chart that shows the key points it branches at.CONS:-It's unpolished: The game is incredibly rough around the edges and unpolished. Fluctuating frame rate, small visual bugs, technical things, missing some options (Edit: Quit and return to menu have been added to the game as of Patch 1.02), jankiness... It's the game's biggest flaw for sure.-The controls are sometimes finicky: While I found the controls fine most of the time, there are some scenes you really need to fight with the controls. The worst would be sometimes when you needed to go to another fixed camera angle but it was hard to walk into it since you needed to click the very sides of the screen to get there.-Maybe the game is a bit too cryptic: The game doesn't explain much to you, it doesn't explain how to save, it hardly explains the stamina system, you can miss some minor thing and have to replay segments and try to figure out where it might be in long stretches of game; while they have a helpful flowchart on the load game screen, the game maybe is a bit too cryptic for its own good sometimes.---OVERALL: Liked it quite a bit, I feel like I'll want to replay this someday, I plan to get the last ending and find some more scenes I missed. I feel this stands tall with the rest of the series, and would look forward to replaying it in any sort of marathon replay of the whole Clock Tower series. It feels like a nice addition to Clock Tower, which is the biggest compliment I can give it. It's a good Clock Tower game, and one I think can stand with the rest of the series.AN ASIDE: I can't imagine people who never played these older horror/Clock Tower games to jump on this and fall in love with it immediately, it's a bit demanding and doesn't ease new players into the sort of game it is. It's a required taste and may only find a niche audience (I imagine trying to get someone who was grown and raised on modern horror games like Outlast, Slender, Amnesia, etc., may not quite understand this game's appeal, like trying to show someone raised on newer horror movies to enjoy some of the early classics of horror films), but for those who've wanted more games like this in their life, this is probably the truest old-school horror game to have released in years. Jank and all, you'll have a hard time finding a horror game that's this true to the old-school design philosophies of horror games like NightCry released in the last several years. I imagine this title will gain a cult status down the line, and be brought up as part of the Clock Tower series.BEST PART OF THE GAME: Chapter 3, and some of the twisted horror moments in that chapter, interesting rooms and hidden scenes, some of the visceral imagery in some of the bad endings.WORST PART OF THE GAME: All of its technical problems and general roughness that hopefully gets patched out some."
76561198162697340,Not Recommended,427660,22374612,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Ⓥ Ⓘ Ⓝ,"I can reccomend this game only to those hardcore Clock Tower fans (like me);The atmosphere is good, and the difficulty of the game is perfect.. but there are many bugs and the camera + controls are mediocre.By the way, the main problem here are the characters animations, the staff should have worked more on that.This game should be bought for 10 dollars/euros or less."
,Recommended,427660,31590889,Posted: 6 May,all,Mike Hunt,"A user made a fair point that I failed to point out issues the game has, so I'm changing my review up a bit to address issues even I had a problem with.A prime example of why Steam reviews are unhelpful and show the mindlessness of the Steam community.Consensus of negative reviews: awkward/terrible camera angles. Obviously these people don't like anything not first person. The camera angles are fixed and always give an appropriate view of everything you need to see. It's a style choice, and can't logically be considered wrong or right, and it works great. Some of these reviews have gone on to say the camera angles are ""gamebreaking"" (just astonishing to see people actually say this).I guess uniqueness and playing something totally different than you expect warrants slapping a negative review on the game instead of giving it a chance.Great horror game, loads of fun.UPDATEDAs I still think the game is very fun, I will admit that there are major problems the game has that other reviews have noted.The game lacks a lot of polish. It does not feel like a completed game, but rather an Early Access title that is still a working progress. I was always optimistic that the devs would patch some of the issues I noticed up, and they did update and patch the game in response to feedback quite a bit before I purchased the game, but ultimately it seems updates have stopped and issues still exist.First, a Frames Per Second cap of 30 FPS with no developer supplied method of increasing the cap. I really don't get this and was really hoping for a patch to allow at least 60 frames without any workarounds.Second, performance is pretty bad. The game is very unoptimized. The only way to change graphics options are through the launcher defaults of Poor through Beautiful (the launcher is actually the default launcher for a game built in Unity, so they didn't even supply customizable graphics options). On a more than capable system, I run the game at the second highest setting ""Good"" and often fall to 20 FPS, which really slows the game down and makes it feel clunky, which probably nobody will appreciate. This performance should just not happen in a game with requirements such as NightCry's.Third, general quirks that other people have noted. Sometimes, (while I still don't believe to be gamebreaking), the camera makes it hard to control the character. What I hate is often in some hallways, the camera will point at the character's front, so that they are moving towards the player's view. With click to move controls, it makes it awkward to try to keep the character moving straight. I often find I am clicking the lower half of the screen rapidly to keep them moving, which tends to frustrate me. A lot of people also mention bad graphics and animations. Graphics could be better, the poor performance I experience doesn't really make sense for the quality. Animations I haven't been too concerned with other than little weird things like the character rapidly zigzagging as they approach a door for whatever reason.All in all, the game is fun to me. I personally like exploring all the possible endings, as the game gives you a nice tree detailing why the story path went good or bad, making it easy to go back with a walkthrough (the first result on a quick Google search returns a fantastic one) and figure out what to do differently. I personally don't like walkthroughs, but some key story events to trigger different paths are things I don't think I'd ever try without pure luck.I don't like the lack of finish and performance issues with the game. I definitely understand why those would turn people away from the game (and probably should).As with any Steam game, I wouldn't purchase this for full price, wait for a good sale to maybe give it a shot, but be prepared to grin and bear through a good number of quirks throughout. I personally seem to enjoy it easily, but I tend to have lower standards with games and put up with issues many others wouldn't."
,Recommended,427660,22121384,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,LordKardok,"Note: I have only reached chapter 2.For the most part the game is good. The graphics are okay, but not cutting edge. The voice acting is good. The controls can be a little difficult to deal with at first, but you'll ween yourself into them after walking around for a few minutes.The game does not tell you the controls, as far as my experience goes, so you'll need to teach yourself before getting to the first chapter (technically you start in the prologue). Once the first chapter starts, the game will give you instructions on how to move and interact while being chased. The game does not point you in any directions other than through interacting with objects or dialogue during cutscenes, so pay attention and attempt to not skip any details.There is no menu in the game, or at least I couldn't figure out which key opened the menu. You can pause the game by using the P key. You can skip cutscenes by using the SPACEBAR. The inventory becomes available as you find items. The only real flaw with the exclusion of a menu is that there is no way to escape the game, even from the main menu. If you are in window mode you can just close the window, but if you are in full screen mode, you either have to Tab+Alt out of the game and close it, or Alt+F4.The only bug I've encountered is during a struggle with the main enemy of the game. You have to click a button quickly in order to push off your pursuer, however, if an object that is interactable is behind that button, your character will interact with it and die immediately afterwords. For example, this bug occured while in room 301, in the bedroom, where I got cornered and somehow interacted with the bed while fighting off the Scissorwalker. There may be other bugs, I do not know yet.There seems to be a graphical issue with the main character's hair and the lighting that causes FPS to drop. This may not occur for everyone, as I did not experience this issue, however, some people I know, and some in the community are reporting this issue.The story is suspensful as it sets up multiple suspects to being the Scissorwalker (my money is on grandma in the elevator). The gameplay is very similar to it's predecessors of the Clock Tower franchise: running from an unkillable enemy, hiding, and solving puzzles. The horror is strong in this game as well. Fighting off the Scissorwalker sometimes becomes necessary, but it will quickly drain your stamina and eventually kill you. Even with full stamina, you can still fall to the floor and end up spending your extra stamina picking yourself back up. If you fall and have no stamina, you're likely to die. Sometimes you have to solve a puzzle while the Scissorwalker is chasing you, and sometimes you have to interact with a ""difficult to click on"" object. The Scissorwalker's name is also ironic, considering it's walking speed is that of your running speed, and it can occasionally run after you to close any large gaps you may have made between it and yourself.Hopefully, in a future patch, we can see at least some of these issues dealt with.EDIT: I forgot to mention three things.1.) You auto save during checkpoints, but you can manually save using a ""phone charger."" You get access to your phone later in the game, which gives you a light, and allows you to communicate with your friends, or at least the ones still alive.2.) The history section of the main menu displays all the outcomes of important choices you made, and you can see the path you've taken in the save menu.3.) When hiding, a heart will be displayed. The game does not mention what it's used for, but you must keep the heart as centered as possible to keep yourself from being discovered by the Scissorwalker. Some hiding spots will not always display the heart, which means the Scissorwalker will ignore those spots."
,Recommended,427660,23732466,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Negan,"Do you like old school horror games that often drift between extremely horrific and cheerfully insane at the drop of an awkwardly delievered line of dialogue?I certainly do, and on that front, NightCry has so much to offer.As a man that grew up on cheesy yet disturbing Japanese horror games, NightCry is all that I could want and more.If you enjoy old horror games, then you'll enjoy NightCry."
,Not Recommended,427660,22280905,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[iM]Mallorn,"Its♥♥♥♥♥♥in its current state.I'll write down my main problems as I dont feel like doing a big review here. Everything is said in the other reviews for this game. And frankly, this game took too much of my time already.Terrible controls in combination with terrible camera angles = gamebreaking. Especially when a big part of the game is being chased down to corridors by the scissor lady.  No WASD controls. Inferior graphics and odd character movement, cheesy characters, only voiceacting in cutscenes, no music, clipping, very frustrating stamina system.I'm gonna ask for a refund and will keep my eye on reviews. It has a promising story and setting, but thats about it."
,Recommended,427660,29021141,Posted: 4 January,all,Kamil.Retro_Gamer,"Very good hide and seek horror  game for every clock tower, rule of rose and haunting ground game fans!+ NightCry is a game with old survival horror climate (like clock tower and haunting ground especially)+Scissorman is back!+Jump moments guaranteed+The feeling of coming danger- Poor/bad pc port-  Characters physics"
,Recommended,427660,23016737,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Rainer,"Second attempt, first review deleted, game completed. So I am one of those who have seen the end, now I can judge. ;-)  I do prefer the non-mainstream indie, obscure, weird and “unpolished” sort of (horror) games. That’s what you get.NightCry is an old school, third person horror point and click action adventure with clunky controls and animations. (In line with the “Clock Tower & Resident Evil” series.) But this is part of the game design and art style.Checkpoint and save game feature is surprisingly well designed, so it’s less frustrating to start over, after you messed up. (Game Over/Dead End screen is your best friend…;-)) Your objectives are not always clear outlined and the sometimes illogical puzzles can be challenging. There are still (non-game-breaking) bugs (missing mouse over markers) that make life hard for you to proceed. The 3 (very diverse) chapters are split into sub-scenes and lead into many different endings. The game builds up a terrifying and dense atmosphere, accompanied by an interesting plot.So at the end it was really fun to play and a clear recommendation."
76561198021619599,Not Recommended,427660,30802697,Posted: 28 March,all,kawaiigirls5,"I wanted to like this game. I wanted to experience a recreation of my favorite games of yesteryear. I accomplished neither of these things. Night Cry is a trek through mediocrity, stumbling over every hurdle presented to it. The old Clock Tower games were confusing messes, but they possessed a charm this game entirely lacks. Bad design, a lack of polish to the point of jaggedness, a frustrating chase system and literally no extra features mar what could have been a wonderful return to form for horror games that don't involve First Person viewpoints and linear map-traveling. I can't even recommend this to Clock Tower fans and I won't. Go track down a copy of any of the older games, not to mention Haunting Grounds or Rule of Rose. Those games are nowhere near perfect, but at least they aren't broken beyond repair."
,Recommended,427660,32113531,Posted: 1 June,all,Gemanoneko,"Buy it only if you're fan of Clock Tower series.I had lots of fun with this game, but I can see how younger gamers won't appriciate it.NightCry is not the best, but not the worst speciment of classic survival horror genre.Buy it if you enjoyed horror series like Clock Tower, Forbidden Siren, Fatal Frame, etc, but already finished all of them and in search for more obscure titles."
,Not Recommended,427660,22149972,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ungodly,"Contains elements that made Clock Tower great but also contains some frustrating design, such as wanky movement with the player not going where you want them to, the game suddenly ending if you don't get certain items before reaching a point in the story and frustratingly unbalanced hiding mechanics, where if you trigger the chase more than once a chapter you may as well alt+f4, because there just isnt any exit game menu, at all.Not being able to get to the end of the game for a proper ending without being super careful and collecting items you can easily miss (like having to examine stuff 2-3 times or more) is just plain annoying.I'm used to these games bringing the cheese, but to have a game done over 10 years ago be better and more interesting than this is just sad. I'd only reccomend this if you adore everything about Clock Tower, but maybe wait for a sale."
76561198072585625,Recommended,427660,26611008,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,egglipse,"This is BARELY a recommendation, so be warned.If you enjoy the hide-and-seek aspect of the Clocktower series, if you like unintentionally hilarious dialogue, if you're okay with point'n'click and technical performance isn't a priority for you, get this game. It reminds me a lot of a PSX or early PS2 game.There are enough people who will talk about the technical problems. It feels like a fan translation of an old game, we'll leave it at that.The stalker was pretty disappointing for me. It didn't have the 'actual crazy killer' vibe of the original Scissorman, it didn't have the so-bad-it's-good silliness of the supernatural Clocktower 3 villains, and it didn't have the deranged nonsense of the Haunting Ground stalkers. There weren't enough hiding/defensive opportunities to have it be a random stalker, but maybe if they could improve the sound it made or something it could have been a LITTLE intimidating. It is a Masahiro Ito design, for crying out loud!The atmosphere in general wasn't that good. It's never genuinely spooky - more like a haunted house attraction. There's no ambient sounds either, so you'll get these moments where it's just dead air and the shuffling of your character's ludicrous run cycle. The voice acting is reminiscient of House of the Dead, and even then only a few characters actually get voiced and only for a handful of conversations.Better sound - quality, sfx, music, etc. - would greatly improve this game. I sincerely never realized how important it was until I played NightCry."
,Not Recommended,427660,22259461,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Virake,"What is it?NightCryis an indie third person survival horror point-and-click game and a spiritual successor toClock Towerseries.The grievancesI've seen a lot of indie games with smaller budgets that weren't so messy on the technical side. This is what happens when somebody tries to do something they can't possibly accomplish. I mean, seriously, why even go for 3D if you can't make it look good? Just take a look atKnock-knock,Silence of the Sleep,Neverending Nightmares,The Charnel House– they all are 2D and they benefit from it, because their developers had spare time to work on the aspects that matter. But, even if you go for 3D, why butcher the player's experience by shoving in so much more tech than you can handle? Yeah, hair physics and dynamic shadows look great, but 30 fps and aliased edges absolutely do not.What about modding? It's a definitive aspect of PC gaming. This game would've gained so much more longevity and popularity if it had at least SOME kind of modding support. All the design flaws could've been dealt with if full support was introduced – while still not sacrificing the original creative ideas, since mods are optional.This was just technical stuff. Don't even get me started on completely nonsensical and counterproductive design decisions, laughably contrived story, and utterly horrendous controls (in aTHIRD PERSON POINT-AND-CLICKgame, how can anyone screw that up?). This is simply not acceptable in 2016.The good sideDespite all this, NightCry is oddly captivating. I'm yet to finish the game, and it will take me some time (since I keep stumbling into bugs I report only to be told it's all intentional), but, as it is, I can't stop playing it. The atmosphere of this game is only comparable to that ofSilent Hill 2orThe Suffering(and probably the originalClock Towerseries, which I, sadly, was not able to play).Should you buy it?Don't buy this game for $15. Wait until it drops to $5 or $8, then give it a try."
76561198138526753,Not Recommended,427660,33643458,Posted: 18 July,all,aliceinwonderland,"Oh Nightcry.... As a big fan of the Clock Tower series I had to play this game no matter how bad the reviews were. Let me put it this way: I am overjoyed and very grateful that the creators are playing around with the series again BUT I really wish they had put a bit more effort into this. Allow me to explain: my biggest complaint is the crashes. I have a gaming desktop so this game shouldn't be a problem for it.  But boy did it crash. Not every single time. But quite often and at the worst times (like in the middle of a chase).  That aside, the characters movements were... Interesting. I applaud the creators for making each character model unique and organic looking (as in not all characters look the same with different hair and eyes).  But when it came to the Faithful, the character models looked like early Rockstar material.  The storyline was subpar for a Clock Tower game. Not even interesting enough to make me want to finish playing despite being minutes from finishing. To sum up all my feelings about this one let me say this-- what makes this game a no for me is ultimately the fact that the story just wasn't interesting. As a lover of old PC games from the FMV era even, the graphics were not a deal breaker in the slightest, but the lackluster storyline? Yeah, you betcha. All that being said, I implore the creators to try again and make a remake of the original games, ir some kind of sequel or prequel that honors the feeling of uneasiness the old games provoked."
76561198030348355,Recommended,427660,29295899,Posted: 16 January,all,BrainOnSlugs,"This is a classic Clock Tower game to a fault.  It's clunky, unintuitive, and I loved the crap the out of it.  Awesomely comical death scenes too."
,Recommended,427660,26521381,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Toha Heavy Industries,"NightCry is an ode to Japanese games from the 90s, badly translated, full of bugs and inconsistency. To when games were made with close to no budget, by small teams, with very basic and simple concepts. It's an ode to when games had a soul. To thePSXera, and of course to theClock towerserie.What you shouldNOTexpect from this game:- fancy graphics. Lot of assets reuse and blurry textures. It's pretty much an upscaled phone game.- good level design. Long, very, very long corridors. No landmarks at all in any area. No way to tell any room apart from each other's.- good voice over. No. It's not very good. And sometimes it's pretty awful. But in a weird twisted way, it reminds me of when they realized they could put VO on PSX games due to the copious disc space and started translating Japanese games (or at least they tried). Odd pause in the middle of a sentence and inappropriate tone of voice.- and of course, don't expect any kind of logic. You won't find any. At all. David Lynch and Jean-Luc Godard would be proud.And this is why this game and the Clock tower serie (and quite frankly, pretty much every game from the early PSX era)has such a weird and eerie athmosphere.This game isfor youif:- you are nostalgic of the PSX.- you have played the Clock tower serie and enjoyed the experience (come on guys, the delicious awkwardness of the Clock tower intro in english is unparallelled!)- you have played Deadly premonition and are saving money just in case they make a sequel (That's A Damn Good Cup of Coffee)- You know and love games like OverBlood, Aconcagua, Echo nights, Twilight Syndrome, Yuuyami Doori Tankentai"
,Recommended,427660,26364265,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Thrash632,"If you were a fan of the first two Clock Tower games on the SNES and PS1, this game is for you.No other game came close to the scares from the PS1 Clock Tower game. The odd characters, the strange and mysterious storyline, the creepy atmosphere and Scissorman, I can still remember what he sounds like dragging his scissors across the floor.A lot of that carries over to Night Cry. It feels like a spiritual successor to Clock Tower.Some of the same gameplay and technical issues from the Clock Tower series carry over. The camera can get in the way at times. When you're being chased by a killer, it can be difficult to make your character act quick and do exactly what you want without dying. But that's the nature of the game: die over and over until you solve the puzzle. That's also what makes the game great, because the death sequences are awesome to watch. You'll want to go back and unlock all of them.One downside is that I felt like the game left me wanting more. There's a lot to the story that isn't really explained. I would've liked more levels and more diversity in the level design.Hopefully we get a sequel in the future, because I would love more horror adventures from the developers."
,Recommended,427660,29533213,Posted: 27 January,all,ros,"As someone who never played any of the original Clocktower series, I thought I'd add my thoughts for others in the same boat. Not that you'd want to be anywhere near the same boat as the one in this story.[Note: As of Late Jan 2017  my copy of the game (Win 10) crashes every so often. I haven't seen any solutions posted for this. Given this game is difficult and you can't save regularly you might want to consider this flaw before you buy. I still am OK with the price I paid which is £12 in the UK  - I got through the whole game in about a week with only minor annoyances through crashes.]This is a point and click style game with a plot like a cheesy horror film. If you like watching films with crazy occult stuff, weird monsters or even just slasher type teen screams, this game will probably provide you with a lot of entertainment.If you're looking for a point and click style horror adventure, this is good.On the flip side, It is frustratingly difficult. But it is lots and lots of fun.For perspective: Fun enough for me to finish it and then look for all the endings, grinning through all the times that weren't making me cover my eyes.  Frustrating enough for my boyfriend to swear repeatedly at the computer, thump the table and throw a grapefruit in the direction of the screen.I'll start with pointing out the frustrating elements:SAVE GAMES: There are some auto saves but if you want to make a free save you need your character to have found a mobile phone and have access to a phone charger. This takes a while during some chapters and is really annoying at the beginning of the 3rd chapter because you have to backtrack a lot when you die. And you will die a lot.MINOR TRIGGERS: There are many endings to this game (which is good) but some of the final outcomes have really minor things needed for them to be triggered and you won't know about them for a good hour or two of gameplay. Then you have to backtrack a long way through some really boring bits if you want to find a better ending.RATIONALITY: There is virtually none. This is a mad horror film. Forgetting to sneeze in an early section of the game can land you with a gruesome death two chapters later. And then you'll have to backtrack if you want to see a better ending.Why I Liked it:Firstly and foremost it's just a very likeable spoof of the horror genre. It's mad, it's moderately gory and it has a mildly scary, very weird monster that chases you around every so often.I like the point and click adventure style of control which is present even through the scenes where a monster chases you. Ideal for those of us that don't want every game to be twitchy. The running scenes are still moderately challenging.The plot is essentially a slowly disclosed mystery and it is engaging although not exactly original.So in short, I enjoyed this game but I had the patience to put up with the crashes and I was ok replaying large chunks of it to look for the best ending. If you can do that and you like the horror genre and point and click adventure games you'll love this.Genuinely, I recommend this despite its flaws. Lots of fun."
,Recommended,427660,25995459,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Cetra Blues,"I very much enjoyed my time with NightCry. It embraces both everything you love and hate about the Clock Tower series; for every creepy moment, there is an important item in some obscure location that will screw you over later on should you miss it. The voice acting is awkward and the plot is basically missing but the game has enough charm and atmosphere to keep you drawn in regardless. For fans of the Clock Tower series (particularly the Playstation entries), I would absolutely suggest giving this game a chance (preferably during a sale). Closing thoughts: Rooney is super adorable even if she's batshit insane."
,Recommended,427660,28857534,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sirlion,"Premise: I didnt finish the game yet - I'm at halfway chapter 2 - but I know what it'll be awaiting for me and I'm familiar with the Clock Tower formula so there is no need for me to wait.Facts: This is Clock Tower 2. Not that horrible ""sequel"" on PSX. I consider this a true successor. CT on SNES, then released on PSX as ""The first fear"", then the real direct sequel simply called Clock Tower on PSX, and then this. CT2 The struggle within and CT3 are not only not part of the same storyline, but also very bad games. As for NightCry, it is simply what I was expecting.I will not enter in the story's details because it is very short and easy to figure out. I will simply address some nonsensical criticisms of this game.- Bad Graphics: honestly, for what it does, it has exceptional graphics. Runs smooth, no crashes, polished interface. It doesnt show that it was originally intended for mobile phones at all.- Point-and-Click: this is a true adventure game. Any criticism on this aspect is either by young boys that didnt grow up in the nineties \ late eighties, and therefore dont even know what to do with their keyboard unless there is a floating hint bigger than the screen itself telling them what to do, OR by people that played the original CT way back in their childhood and therefore have nostalgic memories of it, which in turn reduces \ takes out any awkward experience with the controls and induces them to think this is a bad game. It is not.There. Now that both are out of the way, what remains is a genuine CT experience. There is absolutely nothing different. Any aspect that made the series so bad it's good is present, and some like the QTEs havre been improved to facilitate the player. The art design is solid and consistent, as its gameplay. In the key features of a true CT, bad voice acting, lacking animations and big fonts that stay on screen for over a minute are a must, a well recognized trademark of decades past.And that's exactly what this game is, a marvellous piece of software made for 1998, spawned in 2016 via a time machine. Would I want it any other way? No. It was all I was asking for. A classic formula that I can enjoy today like yesterday, a gameplay experience that fits like a velvet glove in my hand, a glove that I've never taken off. It feels nostalgic, and plays nostalgic, but it is objectively never difficult or not precise. Maybe before all the patches it was not very responsive, but since I bought it now, I am fully satisfied with my purchase. I knew what I wanted, and I got it, all.I sincerely hope that other ""old"" developers will keep on making what they do best even today in this merciless market. It's in times like these that I bless the kickstarters."
,Recommended,427660,22256676,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Norsepearl,"As a fan of survival horror and somebody who has played the first Clock Tower game, I can say that this game is similar. The story is as always gruesome with elements of supernatural horror, a scary stalker that grows wise to where you hide and mysteries to solve.Pros:- Scissorwalker!- Similar to the old point and click horror games that got fans hooked in the first place.- Some puzzles are a challenge.- Several endings.- Achievements that require you to die in several ways and to actively seek out to be scared.Cons:- Outdated controls that are at times not that responsive.- Many bugs. Even after two patches there are some left, but it doesn't make the game unplayable at least.- Not fully voice acted. There's voice acting only in parts.- Stiff animations.- Too easy QTEs.- Chapter 2 has no real dangers aside from traps, and drops in intensity compared to chapter 1 and 3.- Set spawn points for the Scissorwalker makes it less scary.Personally I would have loved it if there were more randomness to it, like it were in Haunting Ground where the stalker actively searched for you at all times on the map. When I played I only think this happened once during chapter 1.I did have a lot of fun playing it, the gore is over the top and amusing to those who enjoy slasher horror. I probably ended up liking it more than I thought I would at first, as the mystery of the game got me hooked and I was curious to see what happened.If you like horror games, then get this game. If you don't like point and click games, then it will most likely take you some time to get used to the control scheme."
76561198022093882,Recommended,427660,22240293,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ladybandicoot,"I am a huge survival horror/Clock Tower fan, and I did go into this game both based on my love for Clock Tower and with people's negative opinions fresh on my mind. With that said, I'll make a simple list.You SHOULD play this game if:-You can appreciate the classic frustration of an old game... but on a new game-You can look past cringey, but tolerable voice acting-You love horror games of all shapes and sizes-You like multiple endings and alternate ways to die-You like strong, independent ladies who kick♥♥♥♥♥(don't underestimate Monica!)-You like a challenge and have patience-You can work past stupid glitches and don't mind a check point system-You like running from a single monster, who you somehow grow to like over time (just me?)You SHOULD NOT play this game if:-You are a new gen gamer who never knew or got to appreciate the hardships and struggles of an old horror/adventure game, believe me you will hate it-You are a ragequitter-You hate bad voice acting-You are a Clock Tower fan! Seriously, don't play this if you are expecting something close to Clock Tower, its NOTHING like it. While playing this, nothing gave me even a hint of anything reminiscent of Clock Tower.-You can't stand check points or obnoxious glitchesWith all that in mind, I DO actually reccommend this game. Here's to hoping they will fix the bugs though, I had at least 4 stupid glitches that caused me to have to restart an area. AND MAKE SURE YOU CLICK EVERYTHING MULTIPLE TIMES! You will regret it and cry tears of blood when you have to start a whole area over because you forgot something or didnt trigger something correctly.Also, there are a lot of plot holes. If you are someone like me who analyzes the scenario as a whole, a lot doesnt make sense story-wise. BUT, I don't know if this is just because of the route I took? Maybe if you take a different route in the story on another playthrough, you might fill the gaps. I don't know though."
76561198263940404,Recommended,427660,22735305,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,hysterical12345,"NightCry marks the first attempt in nearly a decade to regain the fire that the Clock Tower series had in the mid-to-late 90's. While Clock Tower Ghost Head (Struggle Within outside of Japan), Clock Tower 3, and Haunting Ground tried, there was something holding all of them back. While NightCry, having to start out by being crowdfunded, might not have looked successful, it had the benefit of an all-star team that is led by original series architect Hifumi Kono.The part that made me happy at the end was that I finally got a taste of the same feelings that I had when I first played Clock Tower. With a few additions to separate this game from the original Clock Tower games, the experience of playing this game made me feel good about playing horror games again. The game has its flaws, but even these flaws (which I'll mention later) didn't stop me from enjoying what the game gave.I'll start with the setting: the story largely takes place on-board an ocean liner called the Oceanus, where a party is being held. The party is brought to a complete halt when a supernatural entity called the Scissorwalker (named for her weapon of choice) begins a killing spree. The game then becomes a fight to survive the horror and be able to leave the ship for safety.The cast hoping to leave this ship include Monica Flores (a student who is seeking to marry into the wealth), Rooney Simpson (a woman with a dark past, suicidal inclinations - and no links to Jennifer Simpson), Professor Leonard Cosgrove (whose choice to bring his cultural anthropology students on this cruise may have been a slightly bad idea), and Jerome Theruiau (a French composer who has a spotty memory). Other people share this struggle, but the game largely centers around these four people. The story is played out over a three-chapter spread which each involves playing a character (Monica 1st, Leonard 2nd, Rooney 3rd) and investigating around. On the plus side, the game utilizes a flow chart which shows progress (good or bad) and indicates whether an action will hurt your chance of survival. The flow chart helps in that it makes clear the needed actions and shows what you have and haven't done yet and what you need for completing the game overall. The style of storytelling also makes the best of the character's screen time and helps sell the characters. While some of Rooney's screen time could be shuffled about to the others (her Chapter 3 is bigger than Leonard's 2 and substantially bigger than Monica's 1), this is more a nitpick than legit criticism.On the downside, the story of the game has a tendency to become really quite vague. Most of the time the game keeps a subtle storytelling method similar to Clock Tower's, where you have to fill in the gaps yourself, but there are times where the story becomes so vague as to be a problem. Without going into spoiler territory, I will say not too much is explained about the Scissorwalker's origins, among others. For the game's flaws, this isn't the biggest, but it's there.Between the art and the audio, the game trades strengths and weaknesses. The official art is good and I do admit the locales have some nice design. The characters are done decently enough, but the problem is that the characters have a tendency to fall head-first into the uncanny valley at times, such as when the animations fail (one occurrence being any scene involving the character talking, and the animation glitches so that they're talking without moving their lips...nice trick). As for the audio (which concerned me a bit since one of the composers - longtime Castlevania composer Michiru Yamane - is doing double time on successful Kickstarters thanks to Bloodstained and I didn't want the game's music rushed as a result), the music, to my relief, is nicely done. Despite the original Clock Tower games being more about silent build than musical, the change of style here is welcome since the soundtrack works very well in setting up the horror. The voice acting is also good, with one exception: while most characters have the right kind of voices, Rooney's English voice, while not technically bad, feels like the voice of a different character. It doesn't match up that well. Once again, however, the uncanny valley models and the one vocal misstep aren't the biggest issues the game has.Finally, there's the gameplay. NightCry is interaction-heavy (being a point-and-click) and the core gameplay is separated into two parts: exploration and escape. Before getting into it, I'll say quickly that this return to form for Kono is functional and actually quite enjoyable, since most of it flows very well with some exceptions (see below). The bulk of the story lies in the exploration, where you search the locations for items, clues, or just to look around. Places you can look are indicated by the cursor turning into a ring. However, some locations end up being trigger points for the Scissorwalker, which flips the game into escape, but more on that later. During the course of the game, the characters have (or in one case, find) cell phones. The phones function as a flashlight (so as to find more search points in the dark), as a hub into Snap-n-Post, a fictional social media network, and as the save function if you use them on chargers which are placed throughout the game. The most important part of the exploration is that the game requires you to examine everything, because the difference between a good ending and a bad one can be as small as not posting something on the Snap-n-Post or not examining a book. Fortunately, the flow chart provides tips for fixing any problems you encountered.So, that said, when the Scissorwalker (or anything else dangerous) does show up - and there are times where this is totally unavoidable - you enter into escape mode. Now, the examination points change in favor of things you can use to incapacitate the threat. Some are red herrings, and some work on occasion. While, obviously, the most important thing is to escape unscathed, fully completing the game does require you to deliberately get yourself killed in these ways. Surviving these encounters should be easy to do......but unfortunately, here's where the game's big problem comes in.The controls in this game, as I said before, are of the point-and-click variety. The controls work well in an open area or, if you have some experience, in straight hallways, but in areas with small openings or tiny aisles (like a catwalk stairway in a later section), unless you hit just the right point (which isn't indicated), walking or running becomes a hassle, and if you're in escape mode, this can result in seeing a lot of dead ends. What doesn't help is that the camera, at times, has a habit of going where it isn't supposed to. In one instance, I was confronted by the Scissorwalker on top of a set of stairs, and instead of showing the upcoming horror, the camera decided the back of the stairs were more interesting. Thanks for the Gory Discretion Shot, game, I really needed that! The game may be going for the ""bad"" that Clock Tower went for (the idea that you were a person totally unsuited for this and had to use your wits), but there are times where the game just feels like it crosses the line from aesthetically bad to just bad.However, this may not be too much of a problem in the end. The makers of the game are regular with fixing issues and after my playthrough, some additions, like a phone tutorial and some glitch fixes, were added to the game. I still suffer from the Gory Discretion Shot, but it revolves the camera back faster so I know what I'm doing. Even with the previous issues, the resolution thanks to the developers helped the game a lot, and as a result, I feel comfortable saying that the game is now flawed, but charming. I hope to get all of the content soon (one solid run at 12 hours can get you the best ending and a good bit of progress towards 100%), and with the fixes, I won't have too many more issues I hope."
,Recommended,427660,22185623,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SurvivalHorrorNetwork4K,"This game is awesome. I love it so much. It reminds so much of the old school horror games. Although it has some flaws, like the mouse controls are not that comfortable to play with. I really hope for a controller support. The Story also seemed to have some plot holes. Which ones are forgiven by the crazy creepy atmosphere of the game and the comeback of a survival horror games icon the scissors man, now scissorwalker. The graphics are also awesome, if i would have known sooner i would have backed up the kickstarter. NightCry earns 5 stars from SHN and might be crowned Horror Game of the Year 2016 so far....... Looking forward to more games."
,Recommended,427660,23747415,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Samination,"It's so bad it's good.Imagine Tommy Wiseau made a video game. Playing as a drunk girl at the start had me laughing so hard. The controls are very similar to the original point and click Clock Tower games, but with ""modern"" graphics."
,Recommended,427660,22174172,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hello Kitty,"I've been playing this for 20hrs so far and completed the story today.Here are my feedback in below.This game takes over Clock Tower series very well which were released in a long time ago.Anyone who does NOT know about those games might feel uncomfortable.That is because the character's movement or the mysteric story of Scissor walker are quite unique in this series.With or Without the knowledge, please enjoy this game apart from the other horror games.You will find lots of bugs when you play this game but most of them have improved by patches on 31 March.I respect developers who fixed them so quickly.Some shocking scenes may be disgusting you but that is also fun.One of the troublesome is that even if you got new chapter, routes except true end will lead to wrong end.(ex. the way when you didn't pick a ring up in the first chapter)I had a good time in the end anyway."
76561198010908777,Recommended,427660,22149487,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CARAGIO,"Before buying or playing Night Cry, you must understand that this game is made upon bringing our fear back from 20 years ago. Most of the system are just like the old time in Clock Tower, from rough polygon, bad animation, to cheesy and unnatural dialogue.If you're looking for a modern-style horror game that spread in this decade, you won't find it in this game. But if you want to experience your chilhood fear, or curious to know what kind of horror game we (I mean; us-the 90' kids!) played, you've came to the right place.The puzzle in this game are not something obvious  or straightforward. You might need to examine twice or many time to get the right key/item/information. The control is exactly the same as in Clock Tower 2 (or Clock Tower, if you're western) You click wherever you want to go or examine. This would sometime be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥since the camera angle is at the same level as you and could cause misdirection. Also I've encountered some bugs that shouldn't be in the final version.But afterall, this is what Clock Tower fans fan are waiting for. It might look as it contain many frustrated issues, but it isn't a bad game. It's the experience.8/10"
,Recommended,427660,22144208,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AlanOC91,"Once you get over the jank, and there is a lot of jank, it's actually an awesome game with a strong nod towards survival horror games of the past. Look past some shoddy graphics and animations and you have a welcome addition to the PC platform.If you are a fan of old school Resident Evil, Silent Hill and of course the Clock Tower games, then this might just be for you."
,Not Recommended,427660,33357426,Posted: 7 July,all,GuinoJona,"Ok, for starters let´s get to the point, this game sucks, really sucks, sucks like the protagonist, sucks life like a leech and sucks your soul, the movement is horrible and the game is a complete waste of time, if you want to torture someone with a game, well you can use Nightcry, I´m amazed they made Clock Tower and then they created this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that looks like something from 2000, is buggy, is broken, is bad, bad as my ex mother in law."
,Recommended,427660,22230580,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tobias Parker,"This game is a refreshing rejuvenation of the old school survival horror genre.  As a spiritual successor to the Clock Tower series this game features adventure game elements, a point and click interface, and quirky japanese horror tropes.  Hair in a drain anyone?  While not without some slight bugginess this game is weird, fun, and different!  If you like PS1 and PS2 era horror games this is a must buy!  Don't forget to charge your cell phone!"
76561197994702219,Recommended,427660,22142693,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,liamsvegeta,"Quick to the point review :I am a huge fan of all Clock tower games from the very first on the SNES to the sequels on the ps1 and ps2 I also enjoyed the spin off game Haunting ground. If you are a huge fan of this series like myself I think you will enjoy this game.It's not perfect by any means but it's not bad either , Graphics are good enough for me , They are just a bit better then Deadly Premonitions graphics if you want a comparison.Gameplay is just like normal Clock tower games point and click and move your character around to investigate and interact with the environment except this time you can move around in full 3d and not on a 2d view like past games.The ship looks great , music is haunting and can be scary at times .I have had no issues with controls , moving the character around feels good for me.I am really enjoying myself with this game feels like good old times of Clock tower games.Don't go into this game think it's a AAA experience because it's not but thats not a bad thing , For a small Budget title the team has done a very good job I feel ,Hopefully they can patch a few bugs out of the game as time goes on.I will also purchase the VITA version if it's still coming out on vita.So out of 10 I give this game 7.5/10"
,Recommended,427660,22201582,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Edonarus,"This game really reminded me of the good old PSone Clock tower 1-2 along with it's fear factor. Although the voicing and bugs are a bit worse then the PSone games, the game makes it up with the sweet jumpscares and the tense moments.Talking about bugs, Here's one that made me laugh a while:https://youtu.be/uK-cNr6ar8AI love the fact that it has a ''did you do this? if yes, if no'' system showing so you won't get lost trying to figure our how to get alternate endings. The only thing that made me kinda sad was the no introduction to the characters properly and the lacking story line at the beginning. I'd pay twice the money to get a longer and more explaining story line of this game!If you're a fan of the old horror games on PSone,Snes or dreamcast This game is for you. If not, well please don't bother complaining on how badly the game is made."
,Not Recommended,427660,22230972,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Carl Spackler,Why the ♥♥♥♥ do their mouths not move when they talk? It's 2016 on PC not 1998 on the Playstation. Did they just not get enough money to animate the ♥♥♥♥ing models? It really breaks immersion when♥♥♥♥♥♥is more laughable than scary.Crashes as well. Come on guys.
76561197972442783,Not Recommended,427660,33326237,Posted: 6 July,all,Skarhead,"Clock Tower 1 & 2 were amazing games, so I when I saw this on Steam I had to try it.  I waited till it was on sale (thankfully) to purchase.  This game feels so cheaply made I can not understand how/why the price tag is so high.  The camera angles and clipping are aweful.  This was a huge let down to me.  It's just a garbage, cheaply made Unity cash grab."
,Recommended,427660,34589668,Posted: 29 August,all,Garcia,"THANK YOU!! <3Thank you for coming back, Mr. Hifumi Kono. Here is a huge Human's Clock Tower fan. This is an awesome return, respecting the point and click style and all those giallo clichès of the characters. I love it.To be honest, I prefer the first fear bobby's appareance, but this is still a great spin off of the original Clock Tower. Mr Hifumi, you knew that this game won't reach great sales, you knew it. But you respected everything to give to the fans a pleasure. You have all my respect.The firstly con is the poor optimization. But... thank you. I cannot write cons about this."
76561198019975879,Recommended,427660,34766251,Posted: 5 September,all,ShadowKenzie,This game is amazing! So much fun and a great story. It is glitchy which caused me to rage quit a few times but well worth it.
76561198191577855,Recommended,427660,22298962,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rogue Kyne,"After playing around 12 hours of the game, getting all but two endings (got the best ending), and seeing a majority of the content, I'd say I'm ready to give my opinion of this game.I came into this wanting a new Clock Tower game. Not in the likes of some odd magical girl fantasy or weird fetish horror like Haunting Ground/Demento. No, I wanted to relive the experience I had being chased and tormented by a sinister creature wielding a giant pair of scissors. And this game delivers in that aspect.In the first chapter, I was taken right back to when I played the original games as a kid. Too nervous to look around, afraid any noise would attract the Scissorwalker's attention, and went through things quickly just to avoid encountering that thing. (Ended up getting a bad ending as a result. lol)Admittedly, the fear diminished a bit when I soon learned in the third chapter the Scissorwalker more utilizes the formula of the First Fear. That being, she only appears in certain areas upon examining things as the way Bobby (first Scissorman) worked.Even so, don't think you can just avoid her. Unlike being able to go all of First Fear without ever encountering Bobby (other than the beginning and until the end of the game anyway), there are certain areas and items you will be required to investigate that can bring her to you. While it is slightly disappointing the Scissorwalker is more scripted, it does encourage exploration, and daring you to take chances. I can say that even though I felt a little at ease knowing the Scissorwalker doesn't show up at random, I did still get nervous and a little freaked in some places, and especially when I did need to escape her.The Clock Tower series never really had any great stories. Using a basic plot just to get the horror show going. You're a young girl who under unfortunate circumstances ended up in the clutches of the Scissorman and now must survive and escape. NightCry is a continuation of this basic premise.The three main characters you get are two college girls, Monica Flores and Rooney Simpson, and their Professor, Leonard Cosgrove, who were boarding a cruise liner called the ""Oceanus"". You start as Monica, whose goal is to hopefully meet a rich man and fall in love (don't get the wrong idea, there's more to it than what you may think), then switches over to Leonard who is a cultural anthropologist and a very eccentric man, and finally the melancholic and withdrawn outcast Rooney. All three have their own chapters and offer different point of views of going about this nightmare, all helping to tie things together in the last act.The lack of ambience is a little bit of a turn-off for some, and I guess I understand why. But in my opinion, the music more than makes up for it. The soundtrack is gorgeous, delivering a creepy, tension-heightening sound that makes you not want to see what could be around the corner. It's some of the best horror music I've heard since the Silent Hill series, some of my favorite tracks being ""Close Behind"", ""Voyager"", ""The Cave"", ""The Cult"", and many others. The only thing that disappointed me about the OST was the Scissorwalker's theme. It starts out with a scare chord, but then goes kind of mellow and slow. Maybe it's nostalgia talking, but I always enjoyed the fast paced theme of the Scissorman, ""Don't Cry Jennifer"". Nonetheless, the OST as a whole still does its job of creating a great atmosphere.Some of the deaths and gore may be considered over-the-top, but that's always been how the Clock Tower series rolled. I, for one, loved them to pieces. They can get comical to creative to disturbing. One scene in particular comes to mind where something awful happens to a very unfortunate character that was really messed up. But it certainly added to the horror of what these people involved with the Scissorwalker are up to.Now, having said all of this, the game isn't perfect. In fact, it suffers a lot of flaws that I can see many turning their nose up at it for.*The graphics. They're not that bad to me, however, I know people of today love their pretty graphics and when you compare NightCry to the appearance of say Until Dawn, it certainly looks ugly. Not helped that it tends to shift. There're times they look passable, to uncanny valley.*The animations. I will say, this is one of the more disappointing aspects. The animations sometimes are done well enough, but other times so sloppy I wonder how it was deemed ""ready"". Sometimes the lips don't even move, and while I got over it, I can't blame anyone who finds it jarring.*The voice acting. Now, in my opinion about 90% of the voice acting was fine by me. Monica, Leonard and Jerome all got decent voices, but Rooney's was the big let-down. She sometimes overacts, and sometimes barely acts, making Rooney's important scenes rather cheesy. Fortunately, there is an option to switch it to the Japanese track if you can't bear the English track. I will say though, I wasn't fond of all the Jp voices either, personally. (But at least Rooney got a better portrayal.)*The story. I mentioned earlier that the Clock Tower series's stories were nothing to write home about, and NightCry isn't doing much else either. The basic premise is all right (murder on board a ship, try to survive it, you are winner), but it's kind of not fleshed out. It seems to prefer to be a little too vague. There are some largely unexplained parts of the plot that may require you to do some extra investigating and theorizing after. Now, I just came off the game, so a replay may be in order to piece it together. But for now, I got to mark against it that it almost feels ""incomplete"" at times.*Jank, camera, and controls. This game is quite unpolished. It uses the old-style point and click that the older Clock Tower games did. For me, I was quickly able to adapt and understand the controls, but I know this won't be the case for everyone else. The camera angles can be a bit awkward as well, causing you to struggle between it and getting the hang of the controls, especially when the Scissorwalker is chasing you. Like I said, I was able to adapt after a bit, but I realize this may be a turn-off for others. And there were times I did fumble with it as well.*Bugs and glitches. As many people have reported, this game has a lot of bugs. Fortunately, none that really broke the game. Often closing and reopening the game fixed the problem, but it does tend to take away from the experience. The most jarring examples being that sometimes the music and/or sound effects cut out. However, the development team, from what I understand, is hard at work to patch all this up. So hopefully this will remedy the problem. It's barely two weeks old, so it kinda comes with the territory.Despite naming these flaws and, admittedly, I wish this game could have been more than what it is, I still loved it for what it set out to do. This game worked on a small budget, only just barely above 300 grand, and was lucky to get what it got, so I wasn't expecting too much, but I did enjoy what they were able to do. I don't see a lot of people being very understanding of this though, so this game definitely falls under the ""either love it or hate it"" category. NightCry was definitely made for Clock Tower fans of the first two original. Following the same dynamics and principles. If the first two games didn't appeal to you, or old school Japanese horror (we're talking PSX/PS2-era) isn't your cup of tea, then there's a chance you might not be able to appreciate it.If nothing else, wait for the patches and at least give it a try. Maybe it just might surprise you.Speaking for myself as a Clock Tower fan, I was overall pleased with NightCry and feel it is a worthy successor to the original titles. I didn't regret my time at all with this game, and I hope that it improves to be even better in the near future.Overall score: 7.6/10."
,Recommended,427660,22279535,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Red Panda,"This was a highly anticipated game for me as a fan of the original Clock Tower series. Overall, I enjoyed this game. However, there are a few not so great things about it:1. The controls take some getting used to. I love point and click but it is tricky on a 3D map with fixed cameras.2. Kinda buggy. Not game breaking but enough to get irritating.3. When you get an ending, it is sometimes unclear if you missed something just before it or if you missed something a whole chapter back.4. No random encounters. All chase sequences are scripted.5. Quite short when you know what to do. Maybe a 3 hour game.  But hey, Clock Tower was shorter! lol6. Huge plot holes.Overall I recommend this game but perhaps wait for the price to drop. It is refreshing to see a return to a classic style of horror that relies less on combat and jumpscares and more on environment and a constant feeling of dread!"
,Recommended,427660,22190696,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Super Sentai Mike,"I knew what I was getting when I bought this. Its a game that is out of time. It's a schloky survival horror game and it controls like one from the past. Its better than Evil Within, has puzzles, and Deadly Premonition level voice acting. Play it."
,Recommended,427660,22230665,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Stardust Lang,I thought hiding in a clothes dryer was a good idea at the time...
76561198075711881,Recommended,427660,22291324,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,76561198075711881,Not a bad game. I suggest waiting until some of the bugs are ironed out though.
,Recommended,427660,22123447,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,iJezabella,"From what I've played so far, controls are a bit awkward, as people have mentioned a point and click game with a snappy old school Resident Evil style camera does cause a few problems, Under those problems lies a game with it's tradition intact.The snappy camera actually does enhance chase sequences due to not being able to see anything, I'm not sure if that is great design or an accident but it works in heightening tension.Based on the future and some fixes such as the old Clock Tower save system, I miss being able to save anywhere, right now it's punishing to fail, yet the game wants to reward you for failing.There is also a lack of settings within the game, I couldn't find a quit option, I had to ALT and F4 my way out. There are no brightness settings and in areas the game needs it. I've had to turn my monitor up which in turn makes my desktop ugly.The complaints I have though aren't really big fixes, they are tiny little things that can be fixed, and at it's core you can see the potential to be a great game.Right now it's good, but needs those fixes to become better, to become great."
,Not Recommended,427660,23386091,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,FinalQuake,"NightCry: Brought to you by the people that cleaned the toilets of the people that brought you Clock TowerNightCry is without a doubt one of the worst games I've ever had the misfortune of playing. It suffers from all the trappings of a terrible game, such as generic environments, two dimensional and generic characters, horrendous voice acting, blocky graphics and muddy textures, and glitchy controls designed for a touch screen because why the hell not? All of this is doubly offensive because allegedly this game was directed by Hifumi Kono, the man that brought us the retro masterpiece of survival horror known as Clock Tower.NightCry, or Project Scissors as it is also known, was developed to be the spiritual successor to Clock Tower. It isn't. It isn't even the spiritual successor to Clock Tower's bowel movement; it's the spiritual successor to the remains of Clock Tower's miscarried fetus that was fed to rabid dogs and then regurgitated... and even then that's an insult to vomit.Case in point: in the original Clock Tower, the killer is first introduced to the player in one of two ways; he either springs up from a bath tub that's situated directly below the mutilated remains of the protagonist's friend, or he comes crashing through a sun roof with one of the protagonist's friends impaled on his scissors. It's epic, it's memorable, and it establishes that this guy is both sadistic and badass even though he's not even 5 feet tall. How is the killer introduced in NightCry, you ask? Some guy that sounds like Shaggy from Scooby Doo gets sucked into a vending machine and then the killer just floats up through the floor. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not. I can't make this up. What does that tell us about the killer, that he works for the Pepsi company and he's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you chose to buy Coke?NightCry is garbage. Don't play it.Ever.All this game does is provide an excellent argument that Hifumi Kono is a hack.P.S. The Scissorman in this game was allegedly designed by Masahiro Ito, of Silent Hill fame...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLKhxjfG03A"
76561198279877937,Not Recommended,427660,22142365,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Ryudjn,"Time to change my old review:It´s going to be very long, so I make a lot of subdivisions, to make it look cleaner. First andforemost why I still can´t recommend this game:-It´s unpolished in a lot of ways.-Neither the endings nor the death scenes are that great. (I got all endings, don´t care for the last 5 deaths I still need..)-Only the third Chapter is good, that means half of the game is very annoying and boring- Branch System that could have been WAAAY better. There are good points, but it´s so boring to go trough all the possibilities. I go further into detail later.- You still have to click 3 to 5 times on a person/ object to get the absolutely important Items/ Information for the true end.- If you skip all cutscenes and know what to do, then the game is finished in about 1 hour.| I can only recommend this game to people who are very forgiving to games and don´t get frustrated very fast.! |-> I gave up this game about 3 times, until I hit Chapter 3, then it actually made a lot of fun. But why is that? Let´s sum it up:chapter 1: VERY annoying, you do die a lot, but it´s actually never your fault. But this Chapter has the best atmosphere from them all.Chapter 2: the most boring part of the game. No atmosphere, no horror, very stupid quick time events (I only got further because I looked it up on yt and i recommend this method to everyone who needs more than 10 minutes and still can´t get further).Now why Chapter 3 is the best part of the game:- A lot of Characters. Only Rooney has some kind of a story, but it´s still nice to see more (side) chars.- A lot of puzzles. To be honest, they were too easy for me, but It´s still a lot more fun than being killed in a badly presented Cutscene.- The Story comes togehter. After not understand anything, the third chapter binds everything togehter very nicely. I might say that the Story presentation is a lot better than the acutal story. I think it might have been a very interesting way to always switch between the characters, after some decisions, instead of Ch1, Ch2, Ch3.- I didn´t die nearly as often as in Chapter 1 and 2, because the scissorman doesn´t appear randomly and chases you until you´re dead and there are a lot more useable hideouts. So there was like 0 frustration compared to Ch1 and 2.- The true ending could be called a ""Corpse Party"" (yes, i played and liked that PSP game^^)Now about the Branch SystemI like it a lot. Instead of the 0815 ""Choose a or b"", you have to find Items, post stuff, search for clues etc. It feels a lot more natural than the branch systems from western RPGs (for example). BUT, my problem with this is:- There is absolutely no reason to experiment. The Story CAN NOT be changed. It doesn´t matter in which Branch you are, the decisions, the way, the outcome, EVERYTHING will stay the same. So theoretically, if you made one branch, you did them all with the same decisions. There is SADLY no point in experimenting. I replayed Ch3 so often, just to see the same endings over and over again. It was such an extreme waste of time, just so I could find out the first ending, that i didn´t got in Ch1... The developers could make it so that if you clear one branch, it´s cleared on all 3 Branches, it would be a lot cleaner that way.All in all the game is half good, half boring and annoying. Who can deal with that, can buy this game, after seeing some trailers (just make sure what you are going to buy). It saddens me to see that aside from the graphics there has been made no changes from the first trailers. If I compare the first trailer from hyper light drifter to what I got in the game... Can´t argue whether that´s a good thing or not though.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now for whoever want´s to read my old review (4 hours in, only in Ch2). Maybe you will understand my frustration better, because I went more into detail there.The true horrorWhere do I even start? Oh, yes, how about the beginning! The first thing that you can do when you start the game is chosing the graphics, the resolution, which screen and windowed. Of course the graphics option has 4 levels: poor, fast, good, beautiful. The game doesn´t look ""good"" on any of them and you can´t change anything (like AA, Shadows- or texture level etc.). In the game you can only change the volume and language (dual audio: eng, jap). This is already the first fail. The game is locked at 30fps. The second problem was that the game was running on my onboard graphicchip, instead of my graphiccard, so i was playing with 7fps. I had to change it, so that the game runs with my graphiccard myself...In the game the true horror starts. I am not talking about the genre,  but about everything else. I can´t choose what the worst part of this game is: animations, camera angles at exploration and escaping, the controls, the HORRIBLE level design or the mechanics. Everything is far from good. It feels kinda like something between an alpha and beta. Only very few cutscenes have audio and the characters repeat their animations every 3 seconds, while talking with closed mouths. There are also a LOT of bugs with the cutscenes, the camera and the mechanics. Examples: The scissorman can be stuck at a wall. Cutscenes being skipped just for fun. You can´t move, because your smartphone light is on. You can´t move because of the camera angle. The camera angle is so rtd that the characters always runs in the wrong direction. etc.About the game itself:At first I thought: Yes! Now it´s getting intense, but soon after that I was annoyed as hell. The game explains absolutely nothing, aside from running away and Items (you can skip cutscenes by pressing space and pause by pressing P). The scissorman can appear randomly, hideouts can be used only once, after that he will automatically kill you, if you use it a second time. The death scenes are extremly unpolished, bad and boring. You will die a lot, because the game is stupid. No, seriously. How the hell am I supposed to know whether I have to go in a room with my ligt on. How the hell am I supposed to know whether he is going to find me at the hideout or not. How the hell am I supposed to know what to do when there is a red exclamation mark? It could simply mean that there is danger nearby or a quicktime sequence is about to happen, OR LITERALLY ANYHTING! How the hell am I going to escape the scissorman, if I already used all hideouts? How the hell I am supposed to know when he appears? He can appear out of lockers or fridges, so the exploration part is completely rtd. The game rewards you with the scissorman if you want to look up everything. There is simply WAAAY too much trial and error within the gameplay.What else is there to say? Oh yes, the characters run like complete idiots, you have no stamina bar, so you never know when you´re exhausted or fall to the ground.Even if you know exactly what to do, the game won´t let you do it, because you haven´t clicked like 3 times on an object.The pain you will suffer while playing this unfinished, broken, boring, annoying and bad game can´t be described with words.THERE IS NO SAVING! I had to redo the first chapter about 10 times to get all 3 branches to the second chapter. So it took me about 4 hours to get further and now I completely lost my motivation for this game, there is also no hope left, it´s absolutely bad, unpolished and annoying af.The game is a HUGE pia, the only two good things I can mention are:Camera angles at cutscenes: they are sometimes okay, sometimes good and even sometimes very good.The option to play with english or japanese voices.Sound and Music are ok.That´s it."
76561198033470545,Recommended,427660,22283288,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,C. Viper,"Big fan of Clock Tower and survival horror games in general, I love this game."
,Recommended,427660,22125276,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DistillazKazz,"So far of what i've played of it i've enjoyed but as alot of people have commented on the controls & camera can be a bit annoying (when you try to go around a corner, and when i was trying to escape from Scissorwalker etc) & that when you want to quit the game you have to Alt+F4. Playing the game i havent noticed any glitches or bugs, only really when i got cornered in a room by Scissorwalker & when i tried to get by my character went under the bed (and then after i died straight after it).NightCry might end up becoming a point & click Deadly Premonition, you will either love it or hate it (i like it so i will recommend it, if you like Clock Tower, Point & Click games & Horror)"
,Recommended,427660,22187824,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,HazelS,"If you're a fan of Clock Tower like I am, then just buy it. You're gonna love it. And ignore all the negative reviews, just the rantings of some kids."
76561198017077743,Not Recommended,427660,26484025,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Nessybon,Game controls are garbage.  Game is unplayable.  Rent don't buy.1/10
76561198022364627,Recommended,427660,22789764,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Silas Despiria,it done did give me a good spook
,Not Recommended,427660,22146209,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Guggaming,"This game is not for pc. It not even have a ""Quit"" button =*=btw, here is my gameplay. (Thai language)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYT6Ibx4exg"
,Recommended,427660,30935094,Posted: 3 April,all,RoshelleLD,"Well... To start out, I found this game to be so humorous.  If you are looking for jump scares, there are a few.  But the main character was rediculous and tends to make the game play hard to take serious.  She has huge breasts and her walk cracks me up with her a** shake and the fact that she is pigeon toed.  I understand this is an indie game, but my stream found this to be more than funny!  They actually renamed the ship that I was playing on the ""PGE Downunder"" and the ""USS Full Penetration"" saying that PGE = Porno Gaming Entertainment.I thought the game was fun because of the commentairy that I provided made it even more amazing than it really was.  HOWEVER.  I have been on MANY cruises, and never once did I ever find a ship that sold Raman Noodles, cereal and canned foods in a store.  In what world is there actual vending machines and general food stores found on a cruise?Overall, the game was entertaining and because of that, I will recommend the game to streamers.  BUT, if you are not a streamer and just want a cheap thrill, this is not the game for you.  If by any chance the DEV would like an interview on my channel, I would love to give you that at least."
,Not Recommended,427660,23917408,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pixelica,Overall it's an ok game for it's price. Would recommend this game if it is not point and click. Voice acting is like they are doing it on slowmotion speed with no emotion or whatsoever.Camera angle and clunky control will kill you about 80% of the time out of frustation.I'm just here for the boobs physx and weird walking animation.
,Not Recommended,427660,22131717,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ysera,old system and old graphicnot explained enough20$ game ????  NO
76561198065036865,Not Recommended,427660,22120546,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GreenBeanHD,"NightCry, made me cry...It's a game inspired heavily by Clock Tower, sadly it seems to take the inspirations in all of the wrong ways. And it feels like the game wasn't made around these things, as an example the game is a point and click. Like the classic Clock Tower, however instead of being a 2D game now you are in a 3D plane, with a camra that follows you like any 3D style ation game. Its hard to explain but it makes clicking on where you want to go feel really unresponsive, also this is mostly a first impressions review. But I have yet to find the game scary in any way, the scariest part is the main menu. For anyone intrested in my first impressions here is a video I recorded with my friend.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFZFYjbK0Ps"
