user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197992970059,Recommended,427880,32064618,Posted: 30 May,all,LeHippo,"P.A.M.E.L.A is a great game and has even greater potential, the fact that its making me want to type up my first review ever in 7+ years of being on steam reflects that.  Its easy to lose yourself in Eden 52, NVYVE has truly outdone themselves with the atmosphere and the bits of lore you can find while exploring Eden is the icing on the cake. You're forced to explore in order to survive and to learn what has Befallen your beautiful city. The game doesn't hold your hand and forces you to learn on your own, a refreshing and welcomed change from most games being released these days, i only hope that it remains this way.Graphics: The graphics are, in my opinion, beautiful. I love the attention to detail that has gone into everything, so much that i even catch myself staring at the clutter and walls from time to time. This is also something i hope is not downngraded.Combat: I found the combat and the mechanics of the game in its current state to be enjoyable. Currently, we have access to 2 melee weapons ( 3 if you count your fists ), 3 ranged wapons, and 3 types of shields. Each one is viable and unique in its own way, have their pros / cons, and can be upgraded to not only increase their effectiveness, but also unlocks their alternate firing mode and special abilities (besides the shield). I have found that some weapons and shields compliment each other better than others, allowing you to come up with some interesting combos on the poor afflicted (Or the bots if you're a monster).We also have the P.A.M.E.LA skill tree and the Genome trait tree. The former allows us to invest in both offensive and defensive abilities using the rarely found computer cells found through out eden or on its citizens, while the latter gives you the option to enhance your sleeper's traits each time you die. While there is permadeath, its important to note that you can find cryo cores, ableit very rare, that you can use to unlock cryo bays which will not only unlock a new spawn point for you, but also allow you to retrieve your gear where you last perished. The only thing lost that i am aware of is lux and inventory space gained from the upgrades.Last but not least, we have augmentations. Like P.A.M.E.L.A abillities, only 4 may be equipped at any given time and give you special attributes. Augmentations are rare but can be found throughout eden or purchased on certain vending machines.Now, i know it may have looked like i was writing a guide/tutorial instead of a review for a bit there, but i did so that i can get this point across: You can play whichever way you want. Do you prefer more of a risk/reward playstyle and want to be upclose and personal? you can do that. Maybe you more of a stealth person and want to pick off the afflicted (Or the bots if you're a monster) from the shadows? You can do that.The game is not without its flaws however, it is early access after all. The AI pathing and behavior could use improving, the attacks and dodging could have more weight to them. You can also glitch through some objects and get stuck or experience the occasional crash.I have personaly never crashed during my 38 hours of game and have glitched through a wall only once for what its worth. All in all, if you can deal with the few bugs present, i'd stop reading this and buy it. You wont regret it."
,Not Recommended,427880,32792421,Posted: 25 June,all,HopelessDecoy,"This is an initial thoughts review, and this game is EXTREMELY ALPHAPROS:-Great atmosphere-Good graphics for the most part (See Cons)-Cool player user interface-A lot of cool ideas, this game stands out more than the average survival game-Runs very well 60fps for the most part (See Cons)-The options menu is decently fleshed out and controls are fully rebindable, this game was made for PC and NOT a console port! (Or something that feels like its made to be ported)-No punching trees!CONS:-Has some bad stuttering that seems to be around door panels and things that react to the player proximity-Has some bad clipping issues, your arms are not physical objects and will pass through everything, can be painful to watch.-When deconstruction things what you can deconstruct is kind of inconsistant and objects that are deconstructed just change textures.... they're still there and the deconstructed textures look really bad with how good the game looks.-The player camera is awkwardly short, enemies seem 2-3 feet taller than you and furniture looks super tall due to this short perspective.-Combat is not very satifying, you hit them but you don't feel like you are. You will hit and they will staggar but your punches don't give feedback that justifies the staggar your seeing. Also punching non-enemy objects has no feedback what-so-ever, ""ghost fists""-I would like to see the tutorials be more like dead space instead of the full game pause, it really breaks immersion and can be annoying.-Has an annoying scout drone NPC that follows you EVERYWHERE with a wailing siren, doesn't hurt you and doesn't seem to alert enemies but also can't be killed..... it just.... keeps.... BEEEPAA BEEEPA BEEPASUMMARY:I would wait on this one, it is too early in development and it isn't worth 25 dollars at all in the current state. Maybe in a few months and some other people buying to support development it will be worth it but until then the average gamer looking for a fun game will be disapointed. I'm not saying its bad its just SUPER ALPHA feeling."
76561198316618480,Recommended,427880,31956784,Posted: 25 May,all,Scolo,"Who are you people..... Where has this been all my life....?This game. Is everything I want in a game. The depth of detail the beautiful world and my personal favorite, the seemless transition from menu to menu and from actual gameplay to the in story and etc.Unlike any other survival game out there+++No hand holding! +++Graphics ++++Combat (animation etc) +++Stability and optimizations -+NPC enemies that differ from one type? YuuuuuuupFactions you can interact with? YuuuuuuupOffline play? Yuuuuuup ++++Dev support and development activity? +++Uniqueness? ++++++It honestly reminded me of dead island, having a baby with dying light. As of this moment I have played 32 hours of the game. Roughly 2 or so online. But I LOVE this game and would highly recommend it to people and even let them try it on my PC for free haha.To the devs. Please please please keep up the good work. You people are amazing!!!Oh and another thing I like, is not everything is the same when you restart. Sometimes you encounter the degenerated in the begining sometimes it's seekers other times it's both. One time it was none. . . I LOVE THIS GAME"
,Recommended,427880,30415305,Posted: 9 March,all,Smithfield,"ENEarly impressions:v. 1 -I've played quite a few Early Access opus over the years and P.A.M.E.L.A. is really unique so far. The first thing you should know about it is that it is an ""actual"" Early Access software. Understand that, in its current state, the overall experience is slightly damaged by technical issues. And not, as it is nearly always the case, limited by the playable content or by too few mechanics of gameplay. So as it has probably already been mentioned on forums and Steam reviews, it is really buggy for an ""abnormaly"" high number of gamers.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=882347247Regarding playability, I experienced simple issues: Eratic loading of lighting and post-treatment effects, sudden freezes leading to game crash (5-8 in 2 hours) and messy reading of keyboard input (not receiving any, or spontaneous triggering unwanted actions). Uneffective options modifications (fov, reticles). I wanted to add that once I disabled additional overlay, streaming hook, capture software, the game behaved thousand times better. [3 updates in 3 days, many things were adressed, it still have issues but no Brutal Crash anymore]http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=882347196Those details - quite forgivable for an early access - adressed, the game remains fascinating to my eye.The very first of its quality being how polished and consistent its artistic line is. An undenyable mastery over the Unity engine for a sharp and fine rendering. None the less the potentiality of the engine being outstandingly controlled, it serves an inspiring artistic vision. I'd rather avoid extrem opinion but I think I can safely say this is the most visually advanced non-AAA game I've ever played. The only one I can remember, that approached what I feel looking at it for the first time is another Canadian production ""The Forest"".http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=880013800&tscn=1489336247P.A.M.E.L.A. offers a thick and mysterious lore, many dedicated word referencing various, unknown at first, elements necessary for your survival. It also exhales very strong references to System Shock (or Bioshock if you prefer), at the same time a delightful new take on an autarky society that turned wrong after human went on enhancing medicine. Seconded by several visual evocations of its elder models.Gameplay in short: Explore a remote complex, gain experience point, level up, unlock perks, manage a complete inventory system, fight genetic aberration, drink and eat to insure your survival. Upon death, you character is revived in some pod, loosing inventory but keeping your general character progression. As you can tell, it is extremely extensive and takes place inside a compelling laconic storyline.What I want to especially stress about P.A.M.E.L.A. is how it remarkably tackles theme and mechanics that most often totally elude indie/limited/crowfunded production mixing storyline, unique visual look and feel without ever becoming another sandbox survival or pure narrative experience. Refreshing.- -Smithfield[FR]index éval. 190+"
76561198062123696,Recommended,427880,31366456,Posted: 25 April,all,Public Domain,"Don't let the bad reviews from the first day of release fool you. P.A.M.E.L.A. is an awesome experience, and promises so much more to come.Pros:Graphics are awesomeAtmosphere is immersiveGameplay is innovativeCons:It has a bad habit of crashing.Long unresponsive loading spikes mid-game.But we knew that going in. Early access is always going to have some issues, and from the constant surge of patches it seems like this team is working round the clock to get them fixed. Good on 'em. All of the complaints about crashing and the like are ridiculous. You buy an early access game because you're excited to see what a game could be, not what it currently is. If you don't want your game to crash, don't buy early access, plain and simple. I personally cannot wait to see what comes out of this game in the future, and will be playing it regularly until then. Absolutely worth the $25.00.Best way to describe this game.Bioshock vs. Mirrors Edge vs. Dead Island vs. DayZ, with a splash D&D style RPG stats thrown in.EDIT:The devs released a series of steps that can be taken to stop the crashes on AMD machines. And they work."
,Recommended,427880,30418370,Posted: 9 March,all,Serenis,"Just to be fair to anyone that is thinking about spending and getting 25 dollars worth on P.A.M.E.L.A. You absolutly will not get  your money's worth in its current state. I've spent more time in loading screens + crashes, then playing. I'm not gonna downvote though, from what I did play, i'm extremly interested. An i'll continue to play as it develops more. So heads up for people who aren't keen on spending 25 bucks for something that crashes every 10 minutes."
76561198039276983,Recommended,427880,30980411,Posted: 6 April,all,brandonkelley15,"Do I like this game? Yes. Did I have issues with this game? Yes, definately. Do I want them to fix these issues? Hell yes. Did items randomly disappear from my inventory while I wasnt looking? Indeed. Did the game freeze up every so often, even in precarious situations? Sure. Did my inventory glitch out and make it so I couldnt eat my food? Inconsequentially, yes. Do I hate this game and its developers? No. I want them to fix these issues, because I enjoy this game fully. Is it worth the price it's asking for at the moment? Probably not, but did that stop me? No. No it didn't."
76561198126417780,Recommended,427880,30411295,Posted: 9 March,all,Max Critical,"EDIT:Actually killer NEWS! Set your Broadcasting from Steam>Settings>Broadcasting to Disabled, fixes the crashes!!! Enjoy, like I did for the last 2 hours w/o crashes!Currently, the game crashes often, has a bit of loading time problems, BUT I`m sure that the developers are resourceful crew and will fix the problems! That`s why I`m supporting the ""Early Access"" version, looking foward for fixes and will update the review once it is polished!"
76561198031543791,Recommended,427880,34447439,Posted: 23 August,all,s1N,"So what happens when System Shock and Deus Ex gets tossed in a blender? We get P.A.M.E.L.A. (=At the time of writing this, the current P.A.M.E.L.A. version (v0.2.4.4 with updates getting pushed out on a weekly or sometimes every other day basis) has a lot to offer, even if it's still in Early Alpha. There is lots of depth to the sandbox (until the story's added) survival game that P.A.M.E.L.A. happens to be.The game is beautiful with some of most gorgeous scenery I've seen in a survival game. It's easilyTHE MOST BEAUTIFULUnity game on the market at the moment. It's actually kinda hard to believe the game was created with Unity, hehe.Pros:- Atmospheric & Immersive- Beautiful Map Design & Scenery- Lots of Stuff to do in its current state- Decent crafting system- Skill trees and upgrades make this game highly replayable- Cool and terrifying enemies- Unique Hacking system- Inventory Management- Combat and Weapon system- Awesome Voice acting- Very Responsive Developers whom listen to their playerbase with additions / fixes to the game almost immediately (I bought this game on the first day of release and i easily remember those 5 - 10 minute loading times hehehe. This is no longer the case and now the game loads instantly because the developers listened and did their jobs)Cons:- Enemy AI is a tad wonky, mostly the Robotic Security guard NPCS. sometimes they get stuck in certain places and also seems they will give you an infraction for the smallest of thingies and will place you in the rehabilitation ward if caught.- Recovering dead body loot is a tad painful if ya do not know the map layout yet.- Pretty demanding game as far as graphics and optimization go. (However the devs have been very very active on optimizing this game as much as possible while adding new content, etc)- Needs more story elements and more NPC's to interact with. The dev's have been adding NPC's here and there, so lets see howBoth Pro & Con:- A LARGE and BEAUTIFUL map.  Its amazingly designed and you can feel all the time that went into creating this map while exploring EDEN. No two places look alike in this beautiful fallen Dystopian city. The downside is that it VERY easy to get lost even with the the built-in Holographic Map. The plus side of getting lost is that you will find something new that will keep you occupied and not worry or care about where you were originally trying back-track to hehe- The interface GUI is what really makes this game, I find the immersive holographic approach refreshing.  However sometimes the HUD can be a tad wonky or clunky. Transitioning from menu to menu can get a tad blech. New updates and such have been improving this issue though.- RPG elements such as an inventory with upgradable capacity, upgradable weapons, armour and equipment, a passive skill leveling system and a pretty sweet crafting system ( can seem a tad grindy for beginner players). Inventory Management can be a pain.. feels like Resident Evil  all over hehe.- The option to build you own base is sweet also. Through a collection of placeable items designed for temporary, mobile outposts, players can carve out their own space in the world. Buildable structures include shield walls, turrets, portable storage containers and hydroponic farms to name a few.  Occasionally an NPC enemy will spawn in your base if your away exploring EDEN. Hopefully this mechanic gets better stuff added and maybe the ability to actually claim an apartment or something of the sorts.Overall, mastering the survival gameplay mechanics is crucial in enjoying a long and danger-fraught adventure through Eden since the game does have Perma Death. You will need to keep themselves hydrated and fed or risk succumbing to their own basic needs.Fatigue is another survival element that determines how many of certain actions, such as melee attacks, can be performed before the character tires out. These levels can be managed through consumables or even by sleeping. Having your bones broken was recently introduced, so am both excited and curious to see what else NVYVE Studios has up their sleeve They're really are putting in effort to develop the game's depth and mechanicsDo I recommend this game in it's current state and current base price?Yap Yap8.8/10"
,Recommended,427880,30466090,Posted: 12 March,all,Lupa,"Just want to state right off the bat, that I BARELY rate any game.Most of the time I just leave it for other people, but I had to with this one.This game was a little shaky at first when it dropped, but after that patchI can now play the game without the struggles of crash except the occasional.Its an incredibly beautiful game, at first I was terrified when I played, mostlyBecause 90% of the time you are in low light, emergency power and can barely see a thing.My first instinct is to get to higher ground; to the light. I love how it brings that out in you, or at least for me.Another great thing is how much it reminds be of System Shock 2, with only P.A.M.E.L.A to keep you company. Not some homicidal AI XD I love learning about her thoughts and her progression through becoming more and more self aware. She's seems very sweet. ^_^I can't wait for more content to be added, mainly store stuff. Maybe actual interaction for P.A.M.But as of this moment I totally recommend this game."
76561198028150578,Recommended,427880,30438320,Posted: 10 March,all,Kainos,"Will give you Mass Effect & Dead Space vibes. Just need to replace Cortana with P.A.M.E.L.AThe game runs better after the first patch and is actually playable now. Hacking takes some getting use to, but once unlocked those containers will have some nice loot. Sadly nothing respawns. Upon death, all items and gear is lost but skills,XP, and inventory upgrades remain. You also keep all your currency ""LUX"". The game looks great and plays smoother after the patch with a few short freezes now and then. Loading is still extreme though. Respawning loads very fast thankfully. Looking forward to more updates! Not bad for a EA running on Unity 5 :)Clone 1:Awakened and released from a medical pod, cold and clueless I find my self equipped with some sweet holographic tools and a suit with a bio-monitor. Hacked into some locked containers and found a helm, body armor, a rare quality energy shield. Died soon after from starvation...lolClone 2:Proceeded out of med center to a corridor filled with security mechs and a hostile infected citizen. The mechs ignored me as I watched from a distance until the infected attacked one of them. After a few warnings to the afflicted citizen the machine went defensive and all other units responded in attack mode ignoring the infected approached me and kicked my azz with extreme force which ended with my quick demise...Clone 3:Wokeup again in a fresh body looking for food and drink this time. Hacked a storage bin...and failed. Security alerted! Tried to run but got arrested instead of an azz beating. Wokeup in a nice looking room which I assume was my house arrest cell? Left the room and found some citizens whom I tried asking for directions and they savagedly tried ripping me apart. Still on the run currently lol"
76561198053486643,Recommended,427880,32767419,Posted: 25 June,all,John Smith,"Been playing straight for over two days now. I'm amazed by just how much there is to do to yourself as far as modifications, gear, and upgrades to find. Lots of fun in exploring this fantastic game. I love futuristic horror with a story like Dead Space. I've loved survival base building like 7days2die. I loved scavenging and hoarding like in S.T.A.L.K.E.R., this game seems to bring some of those concepts all together very nicely. Well done developer, this is shaping up to be my new favorite game, and it's only in EA! Excited to see where it goes."
,Recommended,427880,30491708,Posted: 13 March,all,Tier1Operator95,"I don't review games too often, but with all the hate flying around this game I thought I would write one cause this is a game that I have been waiting to play for a long time and have to say the wait has been well worth it. I do know some people are having issues with the game, It runs pretty well on my primary rig in which I use to game on and use for my work developing games on different game engines, as well as on my 4+ year old laptop that can’t run many games anymore.The first thing that I notice and loved about the game was, when you first load in the game you are not met with a long drawn out tutorial. The game presents you with the information you need to play over time in terms of controls. I always hated games that had the long tutorials at the beginning or game with no tutorial at the begining at all. P.A.M.E.L.A remedies both by not forcing the tutorial and it progressively feeds you what you need to know at the time you need it and not all at once.But when you start really getting into the game, it is like potato chips you can not stop after just one. I quite enjoy P.A.M.E.L.A, It is a nice blend between Bioshock and Dayz/H1Z1/Miscreated.  The core mechanics of the game are :Scavenging - I usually find survival games where you have to scavenge to find food and water to survive to be tedious after an hour. But there is something about this one that is different, I can play for hours without getting bored of searching. In P.A.M.E.L.A searching is a kind of state based system, where you can search objects until they are scanned by your handy multi-tool(Scanner, Builder,Repair tool)  that's accessed by pressing [R]. after being scanned it indicates if there something inside or if it's locked. If the object is locked you have to complete a minigame of ranging difficulty to unlock it, its a game of reflects. I originally hated the mini game cause I thought it was to hard, but I quickly picked up the timing and now think it's just right or a little on the easy side.Survival - Survival is one of the primary goals in the game, as you are exploring through the beautiful city of Eden taking in all the different areas of the city. You have to constantly keep track of you thirst, hunger, health and power levels since most weapons I have come across are energy based and if you run out of energy you will die pretty quickly if you run into a few enemies all at once. The game contains plenty of different items that makes survival easier and plenty others that will replenish your thirst, hunger and energy levels. I tend to find things to keep me in good health and not having to overly worry about starving or dehydrated.Base building - There are many buildable items in the game all ranging in different functionality. There are items to grow food, shield barriers, lighting to illuminate the area so you can see threats coming, power pylons to power all the buildable along with power cores that have to be putting the power pylon to power it all.Resource management - There are actually two main things that you have to manage in P.A.M.E.L.A. The first of course is your personal inventory, stats(hunger, thirst...etc) and base. But there is one more thing that people are overlooking is Edan itself is a system that requires management . Edan is a solar powered city, when you first enter the game and a new area that sections power is set to emergency power mode which is only the stations and emergency lights are turned on so the entire area is very dark with barely lit. There are power controls stations place throughout each area where you can control and change each sections power to three different states Full power where all lights and stations are turned on, this mode made each area fully lit, I currently use it when I can so I can see enemies before they see me. Emergency power and No power are the last two states I already said what emergency power is and no power is self explanatory. Managing the city is actually important which I learned the hard way. Because Edan is power by the sun Edan only get more power when the sun is up and when the sun goes down if you have to many areas set to full power or emergency you will burn through the stored up power and then you will be in a pitch black city when this happens your heart starts pumping and you scare yourself around every corner.On top of managing power, there are large sections of the city where the power infrastructure  is heavily damaged, making sections not have power or making the sections less than efficient using more power then it should. These sections can be repaired and improved by finding the sections where the wiring in the wall is exposed but parts are required to repair. You also have to find and repair cryopods around the city so that when you die you can choose which section of the city you would like to regenerate in. but the parts to do so are rare to find or it's hard to get to the other sections if you are not prepared for it.All around taking everything into consideration and all the bugs. I would highly recommend the game to everyone. It’s not for everyone in the current state some people are having issues playing the game at all. But for me I haven’t had anything that is overly bad the game runs at a constant 60+fps on high to ultra, I have only had it crash on me once when I first started but it was related to windows 10 and not the fully the game itself. Any other problems that I had were quickly fixed by the developers who are putting out patches as quickly as people are reporting them."
76561197973810597,Recommended,427880,31934694,Posted: 24 May,all,Marshall,"PAMELA is an example of a good early access title;  It's current state may be incomplete and buggy, but it's fun, playable, and the developers have been very good on communication with the playerbase and consistent updates.  I'll do my best to keep this review up-to-date as development continues.Pros/The things that work well:The atmosphere is tense (a bit like The Forest if you've played that) and the enemy design is good/creepy.  For example, one of the creepiest things to me are those who died to the advanced stages of the infection, where the bone growths have essentially turned them into gross statues.Interesting sci-fi setting that the devs have clearly thought about a lot.  Searching around Eden 52 you can learn a lot about the people who lived there: where their food comes from, how they generate energy, how they policed themselves, ectra.  So, lots of good lore building.Cool visual design, reminiscent of Mass Effect's Citadel or Mirror's Edge.Base building is fun.  I've enjoyed roaming around Eden 52 looking for a defensible spot where I can get enough sunlight to recharge my ion cores and grow crops.  Now we can also craft and upgrade base building items, so you have a lot of freedom to build whatever you want.Cons/Things that need work:UI text is hard to read in some places, like item descriptions, and increasing the FOV makes it much worse.  Really hope the devs can fix this, because while the default FOV of 75 is acceptable to me I'd prefer it around 90.Combat becomes fairly easy once you get a ranged weapon, because right now all the enemies are melee only and can't climb up objects that the player can.  Melee isn't that hard right now either for a properly equipped player, unless you're really outnumbered.Currently the only way to 'level up' is to die, which is rather unintuitive to me.  As you complete different actions you get experience points, which add up to increase your ""genome level"" when you die.  Each level gives you a perk point that you spend on various bonuses when you start your next game.Which ties into my next point; Difficulty progression isn't very good right now.  Initially things can be hard when you start your first game, as you're learning the mechanics of the game and layout of Eden 52.  Then you have a few good runs, level up a bunch, and things become fairly easy.  The devs are aware of this though, so things should become more balanced in time as they tweak things and fix exploits.Conclusion:As always with early access games, I suggest keeping in mind what the product is right now, as well as what the devs want it to be when it's finished.  Much content remains to be added, what is there needs balancing and polish, but I'm confident the devs will finish it based on their excellent work ethic and communication so far.  If PAMELA appeals to you then I suggest either purchasing it now, or at least keeping an eye on it, as the price is due to increase when it leaves early access.Oh, and anyone who uses Kaspersky as their anti-virus should know that many users have reported getting a false positive detection about PAMELA.  The devs are aware of this and hopefully it'll be sorted out sooner rather than later, but you may need to tell Kaspersky that PAMELA is a trusted app to run it in the meantime.  There's a stickied thread about this in the forums you can check out for more details, but I just wanted to mention it here because I'm still occasionally seeing people buy the game unaware of this."
76561198089319316,Recommended,427880,33811895,Posted: 26 July,all,Yellek,"So as an early access this games: mechanics, visuals, and just overall design are spot on. That being said there can be some severe stuttering and a overwelming sense of just accomplishing little if not anything. This game is definately a strong visiual experience. DO NOT GET THIS if you are expecting a good amount of hand holding and a forgiving death. If you die, the game is truly over. there are no checkpoints, there are no respawns. Death is Death. Should you fall to the denizens of Eden then you must start the entire experience over again. I for one sank 16 hours into this game before I died, (even though steam says I only did 4.2 hrs) and to have all the progress I had made thrown out the window was a bit of a sombering feeling. This games lack of a load/save option makes it a game that I would not personally play again. But it is a great experience, should you survive."
76561198052703389,Recommended,427880,31522557,Posted: 3 May,all,ZodiarkeEule,"P.A.M.E.L.A. What can I say? Even in such an early state, it is easy to see why this game shines. In an industry flooded with poorly made, poorly supported, survive the night, cheap DayZ knockoffs, P.A.M.E.L.A. shows us that there are still new ideas to be explored via the genre's formula, and more importantly, that all games of its kind are not doomed to half finished, half functional, esoteric obscurity. In combining the best elements of Stalker, Bioshock, Resident Evil, and countless other classics, P.A.M.E.L.A. has emerged with something truly unique. P.A.M.E.L.A. effortlessly transcends the narrow minded definitions of 'Genre', delivering an experience that is equal parts survival horror, role playing game, first person shooter, and mind-melting maze navigator, all the while establishing and elaborating on a story that can give you chills even when its only half written. The world of P.A.M.E.L.A. is immersive, horrifying, and beautiful in equal measure, from the corpse filled halls of Ark Medical, to the deadly depths of Max Security Rehab, and all the way to the death trap that is Oasis courtyard. Carving your way through the darkness and discovering the morbid history of EDEN provides a tension that can only come from weaving deeper and deeper into the bowels of a city that is determined to see you die, and it is a feeling that is all but missing from many games that need it. The combination of excitement, fear, accomplishment, and dread from finding your first cryo core is a feeling I wager that most discerning gamers will never forget; being struck with the realization that this 2x2 item has essentially become the most important thing in your inventory, and having found it, you are now faced with the daunting task of finding your way out of the hellmouth you've put yourself in and tracking down that cryo bay you saw ten hours ago. Repeated playthroughs, or simply backtracking through the starting areas begin to feel as though they are haunted by ghosts of yourself, as resources become steadily more scarce - barrels and containers you expect to contain lifegiving items are empty, and all the while, the power is shutting down across the city, making you feel more and more helpless as the halls of the promenade and origin station fill with superhuman junkies. The voice acting for the enemies and more notably, P.A.M.E.L.A., is absolutely phenomenal, working seemlessly in tandem with the atmosphere, at driving the player into a sense of isolation; before long, you'll long to meet the A.I., or talk to it, or have any sort of human contact at all. As the game stands, it has enough content to keep me going for quite some time, and as more is added, things are poised to get exponentially more interesting. The weapons are fun to use and exciting, the powers are spectacular, and unique in their execution if not their concept. The soundtrack is eerie, the lighting is gorgeous, optimization is simple and the controller support works with virtually no issues. 10/10, best pre-alpha game I've ever paid for. Please, please, please, support this four man team, because not only do they have the obvious potential to make something that is truly phenomenal, but because it is immediately clear upon playing the game they have the drive, the capacity, the know-how, and the vision, to make it all come together. Can't wait for co-op."
,Recommended,427880,30673631,Posted: 22 March,all,Black Mist,"First off, I really like the premise, and I can recommend this game based on the Dead Space 1 nostalgia alone.The GOOD:>The setting is absolutely fantastic.>The Power management system.>Graphics are wonderful.>Lore is interesting, and definitely seems worth looking for.The BAD:>Hacking. Hacking still feels unbalanced and luck-based (Writing this as of Hacking 3.0), most containers were locked with Inferno on my playthough (which uh, yeah no. You aren't getting in there) and theoneI managed to get into had like 20 Lux in it. While I do feel like you can learn and get better at it, Inferno locks should give Inferno results I feel.>The Scanner. The scanner isn't all bad, though I feel like it would do well to highlight all interactables and not just cause RNG on containers. On top of that, I think it would be cool to be able to get some lore from it, like if you used the scanner up close on some of those missing posters, or on enemies or bodies. This is probably planned, but If it isn't I think that would be another really engaging way to flesh out the story.>The Inventory. Also not all bad, but I found that when I freed up enough space for certain items they still wouldn't click into my inventory, and the ""loot all"" button seems to put items in using the most space-inefficient method, which wouldn't be a problem if inventory management wasn't broken.>Container Looting. It would be a lot better if the player didn't have to scan containers to loot them in my opinion. Press 'E' to loot, and if its locked, it blips as locked. Seems too easy.The UGLY:>Enemy AI. Big security bots killed all the enemies and them promptly got themselves stuck in the nearest wall. My playthough seriously had no enemies thanks to these guys. The one that was free of an eternity as a wall completely ignored me but I did note that it moved way faster than me. I hope its actually possible to run from these guys>The Controls. Not terrible, but my biggest gripes are: 1. Controls should match equipment, LClick should scan when the scanner is out. 2. The crosshair becomes a cursor on certain interactibles like door buttons, and instinctively I LClick and look like an idiot.>The Upgrade System. How do I upgrade? Is the first one free, it says it costs 0 but I can't actually buy it. Where do I find upgrade coins?Things I would like to see:>A weapon a little earlier. Might be RNG, but I got a shield and a ton of ammo, but no gun to use it with. Not a problem I guess since the security bots all became wallpaper after committing mass genocide.>A little bit more of a guide using the PAMELA AI. PAMELA seems as though she's made out to be an omnipresent force in the world, so why can't she sort of guide the player to their next objective somehow? Either by telling them directly, marking something on their map, or doing what Halo ODST did, and cause her to alter the world by opening doors, turning on signs and lights, or moving barriers when the player is nearing a point of interest.>Developer interaction. I think a Trello or a Subreddit or something like that to allow the players and developers to interact with eachother is absolutely imperative. Building a community is one of the things that helps games take off, and if Subnautica is any example, players knowing what the Devs have planned can be huge in weeding out bad reviews."
,Recommended,427880,31471590,Posted: 30 April,all,Cyan,"This is a right proper System Shock game. Obviously it's early access currently, but it is VERY promising. From building intricate hole-in-the-wall bases, to scavening to survive, this game is hitting every button I can imagine of being a great game. It is currently a buggy experience, but I am still enjoying my time despite these issues. You can keep scavenging and fighting enemies in areas you're familiar with, or explore this massive intricate city.If you are a fan of the classic Deus Ex and System Shock games, you will definitely enjoy this.Update May 4th: The most recent update fixed a lot of bugs I was having, and I was able to play for 4 hours straight without major issues, which brightens my hope for this games development."
,Recommended,427880,31329978,Posted: 23 April,all,Hyde,"I don't normally take the time to write reviews, but suffice it to say that the gaming community needs this game. We all need this game. Not necessarily just to have fun with it, specifically, but because P.A.M.E.L.A. sets a new bar for immersion and attention to detail that even the top AAA titles can't match.Really incredible stuff. At time of writing (04/23/2017) the game is of course knee-deep in Early Access, so there are a number of bugs you'll encounter with no apparent cause. These bugs usually come in the form of crashing (black screen, CTD, or the program no longer responding). The frequency of these crashes vary; sometimes you'll go an hour or two and others, only ten minutes. The game does have a default autosave feature which appears to create a save state (including your current position) every 5 minutes. This autosave feature can be adjusted or disabled if desired, but I wouldn't recommend doing so at this time.Now that that's out of the way, let me get into the good stuff. This game really is something to get excited about. If I had to describe it to someone who had never heard of it, I would call it an open-world (very large, from what I can tell so far) blend between system shock, a little bit of dead space, and DOOM 3's immersive menu/terminal operation system (for those unfamiliar, in that game you were able to seamlessly operate computers using a mouse pointer that appeared when you got close enough to the terminal). The ability to construct save havens from things you find around is also really neat stuff, and reminds me of some very specific parts of Unreal 2. The effort that the developers have put into immersion and atmosphere really shines through, by a combination of all that I've said so far, as well as the environment/abience/sound/general attention to detail.The interactions with enemies (combat, stealth, evasion, etc.) are all a little bit ""janky"" at this point; they just don't quite feel satisfying or truly engaging in and of themselves. However it's my understanding that, while functional, these are still very much unfinished. Still, what is there does help bring the whole experience together, and I can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,427880,32057318,Posted: 30 May,all,PissJuggernaut,System Shock meets Dead Island. Very atmoshperic. Highly reccomended if you have a decent machine
76561197967225547,Recommended,427880,30839866,Posted: 30 March,all,FogHeart,"You awaken from cryosleep. You find yourself in a sprawling technoscape, a utopia achieved through scientific innovation.But something is very wrong. Everyone is either dead or infected, mutated, and deranged. The environs show evidence of fighting, looting, and stockpiling. The only coherent voice is that of an AI that wants to work with you. So begins a fight for survival, as you move through the complex, opening containers to find the resources you need to cybernetically enhance yourself, and the armour and weapons to combat the creatures that once were human, and begin to unravel the mystery of how you came to be here and what happened to everyone.So far, so System Shock 2, right?You find yourself in a hostile landscape. You are growing hungrier and need to keep finding nutrition to stay alive. But moving around isn't easy, you need to avoid running into the creatures, only engaging in combat when absolutely necessary. Things get even harder in the dark. It gets very, very dark and you need to carry a source of light. Your best bet is to find a place to hole up, establish a base of operations. You need to build a large light source, fences and defences, containers and food growers, and a place to sleep. Then you can go out and gather more resources to last a day longer.That's Don't Starve, surely?P.A.M.E.L.A. is where the Shock series and survival games collide into a single splendid entity. If that's enough to pique your interest enough to give it a go, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find the game doesn't rely on just having a fascinating premise. Eden, the floating city of the future, is a marvel of 'level' design. Seriously, you need to look at the Deus Ex games for a rival to the architectural proficiency on display here. It is, quite simply, gorgeus looking. Even more audacious, then, to take such a marvel of monuments and trash it to make a play environment for us to inhabit. Built with the Unity engine, it does require more oomph from your rig than it really should, but if you have what it needs then you're in for a visual treat.Like any survival game worth its salt though, this game is rather hard and unforgiving at first. You may not last an hour, at first. But just like those games, you can realise some winning strategies that will extend your lifetime. Learn when it's worth a fight and when to run away. What resources to keep in your inventory and what to squirrel away in containers to later ferry back to base when you've established it. When darkness helps and when it hinders.When you do come to a sticky end, you'll wake up anew in the cryochamber as a new freshly-revived protagonist. Think Zombi. Sadly, unlike that game, you can't find and inherit all the looted goodies your previous incarnation held at time of death, but you will have XP he gained to spend on skill and character upgrades, so each incarnation starts a little bit stronger than the last.It's early access, but at time of writing it's solid enough to be worth a purchase and looks like it has a trajectory towards a finished article. There are bugs, but nothing that will cause you to stop playing: I've not crashed out since purchase and anything game-breaking has been patched out.I'm hooked, as a huge fan of all the games mentioned here as influences would be. Once I can believe that I can last indefinitely I will start to hanker for something more: it takes far, far too long to find, or scrape funds together to purchase, items that make the smallest permanent change to the city - to fix a power conduit to keep the lights on for longer, to supply a cryochamber with a tube to activate it for an alternative respawn point. Like many survival games there's no progression narrative or endgame to aim for either. But even Don't Starve had bits you could assemble together to effect an escape from the island. Eventually you too could be competent enough to need engagement beyond hour-to-hour survival, and I look forward to seeing what the developers have in mind for us then."
76561198111594198,Recommended,427880,30735703,Posted: 25 March,all,WhiteStallion,"I've noticed that the few negative reviews had less than 1hr of game time and just gave it a negative review. While it does have a few bugs and had major problems it is still in EA. The developers have been hard at work squashing bugs and patching the problems that have came to surface. I love the atmosphere of the game, with the tid bits of info yuo uncover as you explore. The feeling of rounding a corner to see a widow/reaper is just heart pounding when you have no weapon. Even with it being early access I would still suggest it to anyone as its fun to play and developer strives to fix bugs right away."
76561197983747040,Recommended,427880,31473664,Posted: 30 April,all,JohnDaker'sArmy,"Great support from devs in this game. I had a problem and they replied quickly and took care of it the very next update. Though it is a combination of many tried and true classic games and game mechanics, it definitely is unique. It doesn't hold your hand but at the same time it makes the process of discovery fair/balanced enough that you enjoy figuring out how the many systems and gadgets work. I'm glad I purchased this game.Of course it's having some EA issues, the constant freezing/crashing problems are pretty bad for me, but I think the price, dev involvement, detail quality etc. makes it a game I'm more than happy to stick with as each problem is tackled one after the other."
76561198044782574,Not Recommended,427880,32305731,Posted: 9 June,all,AttestedThreat,"I love the premise, genre/setting, and I feel like there's a (trope incoming...) great deal of potential here.  But actually controlling the character or navigating the UI feels like I'm attempting to steer a starving, seasick stroke victim through a Rapture-style obstacle course, using a language I've never heard, at night.Feelsclumsyman.*Edit* And just to be clear, I'm sure these are things that will be addressed in EA, but for now it's rough out there for a player... controller."
76561198388258289,Recommended,427880,31686890,Posted: 11 May,all,InsouciantGranny,"As many have previously stated, this game has some lovely attributes as well as some not so lovely.I must say,the atmosphereis simply exquisite. The clean and futuristic setting is so at odds with many other post-apocalyptic style games. And the way that the game teases you with little bits ofbackstoryis really quite intriguing. I found myself searching for laptops and P.A.M.E.L.A’s recordings just to find another cryptic piece of this game’s puzzle. Thecombatis similar to most games of this genre, nothing to really write home about. But the weapons are very creative and fun to use!Buildingcan be a tad frustrating. You need to find two separate items to get any power. And these items are rather rare, especially the power transmitter (or whatever the blasted thing is called).The perma-death featurecan be frustrating as well. One will upgrade their weapons, construct some grand base, and then lose it all. However, the idea of the sleeper (That’s who you play as, dear) being genetically enhanced with each death is interesting. What is unfortunate is that one has to die in order to level up.I am excited to meet P.A.M.E.L.A herself, I wonder if they will wait till the full release to include her. I think that a bit more structure to the plot and objectives will make the game feel much more engaging and urgent."
,Recommended,427880,30412261,Posted: 9 March,all,moabishere,"I will try to do my best to explain my experience so far.First of all, this is an indie game, There are no hundreds of people behind this product, so easy guys! This is the first day of the game! Just one patch will be enough to fix every major issue.I am also a game developer working at Pixega Studio. As we play the game and encounter the problems, we thought that, we will also have this issues in our first game... We are amazed here, it is not an easy task to achieve such graphic quality and such gameplay mechanics for a small dev team. We are your huge fan from now on. Hopefully, we will know each other in some day.Gameplay is great so far. walking around in that atmosphere is great. Listening to the story in small parts is great. (Pamela's voice is relaxing). Infected people made me nerveous because of their great design and sound.There are more to discover in the game. We are waiting for a fix as whole team :)We wish the best for you, NVYVE Studios.Cons:Game crashes a lot.Huge loading time.Hard to read texts on arm UI.Pros:Outstanding graphicsOutstanding soundsOutstanding ambienteOutstanding lightingOutstanding gameplayOutstanding UI design.This game is strongly recomended. Better than most AAA titles!!"
76561198010749068,Recommended,427880,30421612,Posted: 9 March,all,Marxx Man,"Hard game, Great Atmosphere and Scary, Still needs work but I love it."
76561198072643423,Recommended,427880,32485547,Posted: 16 June,all,MegaDan,"I have to be honestThis game, upon purchase, was quite a frustration of mine for a while. Mainly because I couldn't even open it. It was too early in the games development for me to play it without an immediate crash to desktop. I had paid full market price and checked the requirements, but my efforts were wasted....and for a while, that was the case.Recently, however, an update was released enabling my computer to run the game I had been so excited to play (at lowered graphics settings, of course) and what I was presented with did NOT dissapoint. A space-age, 3d, post-apocalyptic first-person experience with horror elements and its also a respawn-based SURVIVAL GAME?Let me break this down for you: you wake up, you learn, you explore, you die. You make a ""new game"" and you take specific elements from your previous game (as well as level experience) and you get better,stronger, more efficient. Loot is random every time, so you're not guaranteed to find a weapon right away. Best advice? Knock em down like you main little mac. If you're not good at using your fists, you're in trouble, so get good. Know when to hold and fold, you can't box your way out of everything, so learn to run. Don't rely on parkour (the jumping is a little unreliable). Most importantly, eat, drink, and be careful.Sorry, you want to know about the game, right? Ok, the graphics are pretty top-notch, even on low quality. The AI has a little trouble in tight corners (I mean REALLY tight ones) but that can always be used to your advantage. The combat isn't stilted or clunky, and can be really rewarding at times. Using reflex and skill when going face-to-face with some of these guys can leave them on the ground and you untouched, and the ranged weapons, while a little tricky at first, quickly become almost second-nature if you have the patience to learn. The biggest asset in your arsenal is probably a shield. In hand-to-hand it's the best way to regain much needed stamina, and with a bit of practice, you can use it reflexively when threatened by sound alone, swinging it around and behind to block that blow from the shadows you didn't know was coming like a goddamn jedi.Finally, there's hacking. It's reflex based, and you can get items to bypass stages of it, but you can definetely get through the toughest level locks without ever needing an item if you try. Getting good at hacking is relativley easy, just don't get intimidated. If you end up alerting security, the robots will view you as a criminal, which is different than an infected. If a drone sees you (I don't remember the actual names, so bear with me) they'll follow you and get the wardens to come to your postition. If the wardens see you, they'll generate an ""arrest ring"" around you. If you stay in it, they'll walk over to you and you'll end up in the rehabilitation centre (which is basically a hotel, relatively safe). If you leave, though...I know there's more to cover, but I can't type it all right now. If I wanted to cover all the intricate aspects of this game, I would need a day to do it. As it stands, this is what you're getting from me.So, in short, A+ combat, amazing atmoshphere, sweet visuals, fun mechanics, great equipment system, attention-grabbing lore, and just fun all around.You just have to hope you can run it..."
,Recommended,427880,32676526,Posted: 23 June,all,FistMaster,"If you were a fan of System Shock then this is for you... It's System Shock++I love how the game UI is not a mystical floaty set of graphics infront of your eyes (unless you find the vysor) and everything is based on physical objects (map is a porjector disc).There's no invisible magical weapons holster with 298679 guns... just the couple you fit to your arm and any you carry in your backpack inventory, with limited space.The shield ""glove"" on your left arm is utterly amazing!Upgrade trees for skills, DNA system to improve your abilities, weapon upgrade nodes and hardware improvements in the crafting system make for a massive amount of methods for achieving ""git gud""The ""zombies"" aka inhabitants are truly pant-filling scary when they creep up on you, the pathing needs a little work, but at this stage of the game development it's not offputting, as they still make their way to kill you.The resource system when dismantling objects throughout the city is superb, a mix of subnautica and prey, where objects in the world are dissolved and you collect the elements (iron, silica, etc), which can then be used to craft base objects.Audio in the game is on point, so atmospheric and matches the visual beauty perfectly, and the screams of the zombies attacking robots floors below you make you glad you wore the brown pants.The slowly unfolding story of p.a.m.e.l.a, the cities' sentient control AI is poignant and beautifully written and voice acted and adds yet another level to this amazing game.In short, if you do not own this game and buy only one game from the steam sale this summer, make sure it's p.a.m.e.l.a"
,Recommended,427880,31113284,Posted: 13 April,all,Sinum,"The setting is awesome, graphics are awesome, gameplay is solid. A lack of content, but it's still in early access. With frequent updates, e.g. performance wise the game was unplayeable, 31 days later, almost perfect performance, good job :)Currently this is my favourite game, but I just finished doing everything that's currently avaliable in the game, I built a base, activated the second Cryobay, activated some backup Bateries (that don't even work yet) and fully upgraded a weapon.So I think I kinda know how this game works and let me tell you this, I've never had more fun exploring new areas, they're all so diverse and extremely beautiful, but the biggest problem of this game is it's lack of content.(btw, I need a button to open the blinds in the top apartment of Arcadia Tower, I NEED IT!!)"
76561198127101535,Recommended,427880,31782420,Posted: 15 May,all,evilsplat,"This is a great game, there are a few bugs and the complete lack of any info on weapons, armours or anything else available sucks, but it is a good challenging game, I found that when I first started playing I had no idea what I was doing and so I checked the discussions mostly to see people complaining it was too hard without even bothering to figure out the mechanics and others that it was too easy, personally I think the difficulty is at a good level, they could make a few tweaks but any easier and it wouldn't be nearly as fun as for how hard it is that is mostly only until you figure out the mechanics of it, however even after figuring them out if you let your guard down you probably died, if you look through the discussions and what few guides there are you will find a decent amount of info to get you started.Graphics 7/10I like them but I'm not really all that picking when it comes to graphics most of the time.Story 8/10The story is hidden through all the city in pieces and is quite interesting.Mechanics 9.5/10The mechanics are brilliant, they are a little difficult to figure out at first and could definitely use some polishing but they are well on their way to becoming something refreshingly uniqe and satisfying.Difficulty 7/10You will die eventually, and apart from some rare items that allow an exeption it's permadeath with a differance-You keep one of the types of levels-dying is how you spend those levels ready for the next gameImmersion 9/10Aside from the occasional bug this game is highly immersive.Dev's are quite active from what I've seen8.5/10 overallI love this game and I believe it will only get better, it is in my opinion definately worth the full price but just keep in mind before you buy it that the mechanics do take some getting used to at first and although after you do you'll be wondering how you didn't understood them you have to be willing to because if you aren't you will probably not enjoy this game."
,Recommended,427880,30416062,Posted: 9 March,all,Mini Xperts,"To anybody who is experiencing lots of crashing:If the loading hand has stopped moving it does not mean the game has crashed give it some time and the game will load.Turn down the settings before you start new game.As 'MAX Critical' said the frequent crashing might be due to steam broadcasting. Turn this off using Steam > Settings > Broadcasting > Privacy Setting > Broadcasting disabled.Review:Gameplay:The gameplay is nice and at first the movement may feel 'sluggish' but it will begin to feel more responsive as you continue to play.The combat is easy against the infected people one on one but being attacked by two is definitely a challenge. The security robots are tough and can easily kill you with a few swings so be careful when hacking a crate as this will deploy the bots.The atmosphere is very nice and make sure to activate the panels on the walls to gain some insight into the back story of Pamela and Eden.Graphics:The graphics are very nice but the resolution options are not helpful at all. I am forced to play at 4K resolution because I have a 4K monitor and can't change the resolution. I have a  GTX 1080 (pc master race) but even this struggles to play the game. I was able to play at medium settings to get around 40fps.As I said above this is why you should turn down the settings as your graphics card may not be able to cope with the game at first which is when you will most likely experience a crash when you start a new game.Setting:The setting of the game is very cool. It is set it the city of Eden where you awaken from cryo. The city is overrun with infected people with an unknown virus (reading some logs with tell you the story of this). The people are not zombies. They can still communicate to some extent and will appear to be mix between dead and crazy. The city still has security defences that will attack you if you fail at hacking something.Bugs and glitches:Occasionally crashing. (Can be improved with fixes above)Frame drops. (May be due to my settings being too high)Game will freeze but will continue playing after 5-10 seconds.Had one experience when the bots were just walking into a wall continuously, even when being attacked.Game takes a while to load.This is not a bad game, just unstable."
,Recommended,427880,30531945,Posted: 15 March,all,Retrikaethan,"it's currently a buggy mess but the potential is there. i got my money's worth but i'm not done yet.  this game has scratched a ui itch i didn't even know i had, probably brought on by the loss of dead space. i love hoarding, i love exploring, and i love running for my life even though i don't have to. this game, in its current state, has allowed me to do the aforementioned to a large degree and there's only a thirdish of the whole intended map available right now. if buggyness isn't your thing, i'd say wait a while. if you don't mind bugs galore, give it a shot. it's worth it."
76561198009303773,Recommended,427880,34048560,Posted: 5 August,all,Corbaine,"I definitely recommend this game.As a die-hard System Shock, Bioshock and Deus Ex fan, I really go out of my way to find games like this, but I must say - this is the most fun I've had in ages.P.A.M.E.L.A. has a lot to offer, even if it's still in Alpha. There is already considerable depth to the sandbox survival gameplay that we so far have access to.The game itself is beautiful, and features good writing and excellent voice acting that effortlessly brings Eden 052 to life, without the actual narrative even being implemented yet. Full marks for their story telling ability.While some complain about the interface, I must say I find the immersive holographic approach refreshing. It may feel clunky at first, but so did your legs before you learned how to walk. It is perfectly in line with the technological theme of the mysterious, dystopian Eden players find themselves in.Even though only a portion of the planned cast of enemies and NPCs currently fill Eden 052, players can expect to start the game at the bottom of the food chain. The player character, called a 'Sleeper', begins with nothing more than their bare fists, but by exploring and surviving, players will gain access to a variety of weapons, armour, auxiliary attachments, augmentations and special abilities to accommodate a variety of different playing styles, from stealthy assassins to melee juggernauts.P.A.M.E.L.A. also includes a variety of RPG elements such as an inventory with upgradable capacity, upgradable weapons, armour and equipment, a hidden levelling system and crafting.Mastering the survival gameplay mechanics is crucial in enjoying a long and danger-fraught adventure through Eden 052. Players will need to keep themselves hydrated and fed or risk succumbing to their own basic needs. Fatigue is another survival element that determines how many of certain actions, such as melee attacks, can be performed before the character tires out. These levels can be managed through consumables or even by sleeping. The option to have your bones broken were also recently introduced, so I'm very excited to see what else Studio NVYVE has in store for us. They really are putting in effort to develop the game's depth.The option to build you own base(s) is another wonderful side to this game. Through a collection of placeable items designed for temporary, mobile outposts, players can carve out their own space in the world. Buildable structures include shield walls, turrets, portable storage containers and hydroponic farms to name a few. As long as players can gather enough materials, they can build anything from a small, technologically-advanced camp to a thriving one-man community, or even turn parts of Eden 052 into their own tower-defence mini game.I'm also very impressed with how the developers interact with the community, and their efforts to release updates, patches and fresh content at regular intervals. They really are doing their best to make this game as good as they can. Performance is also often increased with each new update.There is so much to be said, I feel like I've only touched on half of it.I've never once doubted doing the right thing by purchasing P.A.M.E.L.A. in early access. By the time this game is complete, the value for money is probably going to make me feel guilty that I paid too little for it.As it is a survival game, this is no walk in the park. But if you're like me, and that's exactly what you're looking for, I hope you enjoy this as much as I do."
,Recommended,427880,30441439,Posted: 10 March,all,Verdoc,I accidentally spent 6 hours playing without realizing...
,Recommended,427880,30421783,Posted: 9 March,all,Stanley,"It has a few bugs and it crashes sometimes, but keep in mind that this is an EARLY ACCESS game!  For a crew of only 8 people, it's actually really good.  I've been having a lot of fun exploring Eden and killing those nasty infected. There are a few things I'd like to see added though, like for example I didn't see an option to change the brightness in any of the option menus, but I did notice that the general options menu seemed to be cut off, preventing me from accessing a few options."
76561198110031203,Recommended,427880,30763314,Posted: 26 March,all,Higher Beings Love Cereal,"The game itself is very unique. I can't really review it now since it's in Early Access (and yes, it's VERY Early Access a la rooftop dance parties!), however what I can say is this:-It's gorgeous-It puts you on edge 24/7, especially in the dark-In some instances it's very challenging-It's VERY survival oriented right now-It's VERY buggy-The enemies have little variation as of right now-It has the potential to become something amazing-It's constantly being updatedThere. That's my list. If you see something on that list that you cannot deal with in your game, don't touch this game. If you're okay with the cons and love the pros, go ahead and get it.Bone Disease x Avocados + Sci-fi= FUN!"
76561198319015140,Recommended,427880,30416568,Posted: 9 March,all,DUELZB,"So far Pamela has a bunch of potential. What a lot of people are giving bad reviews on are things that get worked out in this beta phase of the game so that it can be more enjoyable once it is completed. There are some long initial loading times, but once you get inside the actual game the loading times become minimal. There are bugs within the game, however that is to be expected for the initial day release of an early access game. Everything in the game is relaly good, and even though I have to deal with the bugs and problems in the game, I get to help the devolopers with making the game more enjoyable because I am able to find issues and bugs that they (being such a small team) would have had a harder time finding. Ignoring all the bugs and current problems with the game, the game is alot more than what I was expecting when I first heard of it about 2-3 years ago."
,Recommended,427880,30462912,Posted: 11 March,all,P̟h̰̖͈̱̳̻o̝b͎̩͖̣̦̠o͇͍̜͈s,"When I first launched this game, I was immediately presented with a loading time that was VERY long. I hope that the devs are working on this because this is very annoying. After I finnaly loaded, I began to explore and was met with my first hacking minigame; A spinning circle in which you had to get the box into the highlighted area..... and found another one.... and another. As you can tell, this is the only hacking minigame that's currently being used. To the devs: I'd recommend different hacking ""minigames"" to at least provide a variety.After collecting some items and leaving the building to explore outside, I was met with my first ""zombie"" and a graphical glitch. Objects that had light reflecting on them were extremely blow out and after some trial and error, I found that turning off the ""bloom"" option fixed it. Combat is a little funky but nothing too hard to handle. I had a lazer blade thing and that helped a bit.On several occasions, I have found that some NPCs will spawn inside the walls and are stuck there; They are able to attack me however I was not.I didn't get too much into building things becuase the gameconstantlyfreezes and/or crashes, Which I know the devs are aware of and hope a fix is released soon.With as much problems as I'm currently having, I still really love the way the game looks and feels. For now, I'll leave a positive rating but I hope chages can come pretty soon."
76561198075232532,Recommended,427880,34865327,Posted: 10 September,all,IAmMada,"An Amazing Game!The crafting system (recently implemented) needs work but the sheer size and complexity is fantastic. Once complete it will be the best i have ever seen.The enemies are difficult. you can be killed by the weakest of them if you arent careful and paying attention. It is very easy for one to sneak up on you. (create those barriers)Graphics are fantastic.Story is good, simple.Again, Still some work to do but i am excited to see where this game goes"
76561198122407901,Recommended,427880,30702143,Posted: 24 March,all,Berathraben,"This is pretty much a rewrite based on new game play experiences and fixes to the game state during the most recent patch. As of the most recent update v.0.1.3.1 the game is running a lot smoother. There are less frequent crashes, though they are still there, and a lot faster load times. Also, the issue of the audio logs not playing from the previous update is fixed. :)I have discussed the patch update...now on to my most recent game play. I stated previously that there were some things I did not like about the game..or issues I had with some of the game. A lot of that was to do with my limited play (How good a review can you give a game after less than an hour of game time) and some glaring bugs (a lot of which have been fixed). I commented that the combat was sluggish...yes it is, somewhat. However, it is becoming a more enjoyable experience as I face off with a , chemicly infected, citizen driven to insanity by a drug used to create harmony in the society. They shout ""you are so pretty"" as they try and rip my face off. They are reminiscent of The Many from System Shock 2, the splicers from Bio Shock, with a splash of the space evolved colonialists, escaping armageddon, in Pandorum (and the trauma and psychosis involved with knowing you are the last of your species in the desolation of deep space), and some infusion of Margaret Atwood's Oryx and Crake with it's apocalyptic Humanicide through people's desire to be cosmetically beautiful. This game captures that loneliness, that desolate isolation, the self mutilation perfectly. It is a body horror, a social commentary, a philosophical treatise. It is a damn good game.Along with the left over remnants of peoples notes and reports giving you a glimpse of the history and backstory of the game. And the audio logs of the city wide Ai aluding to her perceptions of relativity of time and reality and the desolation of the city....we have a very compelling story. And I love it.........I was, previously, looking negatively on the hunger (survival mechanics)....somewhat, and the permadeath as well as the base stations. Well, those mechanics actually fit very well with the game play now that I have some hours under my belt. From what I am starting to understand of the story permadeath makes sense. So for those thinking ""Oh crap...permadeath in a base building game..."" it works:D. I have not been able to build any bases and such yet but from what I understand they do disappear after respawning. I understand why things like items will disappear and can except that because of the story that i feel is unfolding...or at least my way to consolidate the story with the given game mechanics. And I actually enjoy this aspect now. However, what I would like to see is a continuation of the environment. If I built a base, it should still be there..with any items I left behind. Assuming any defenses held up. The previous play through actions should have some impact on the city. The hunger mechanics are not over the top and don't make the game play a tedious grind like I thought it would....a major + to the game there. Grindy food gathering is my biggest deterrence to the new type of survival horror...or just plain survival game. But this one pulls it off very well.P.A.M.E.L.A is an excellent game that is shaping up to be very good. There are still a lot of bugs, but the story feels feature complete to me. This game is a lot of fun and worth the price tag....but for those that don't have patience with a few serious bugs...wait for a few more updates. :)The two quotes bellow adequately sum up the game for me.To me the universe was all devoid of life or purpose, of volition, even of hostility; it was one huge dead, immeasurable Steam- engine, rolling on, in it's dead indifference, to grind me limb from limb. O vast, gloomy, solitary Golgotha and Mill of Death! Why was the living banished thither companion less, conscious? Why, if there is no Devil; nay, unless the Devil is your God?Thomas CarlyleEntire civilizations have been done in by vengeful monsters claiming a special relationship with ""God""Hunter S ThompsonI am grading the game accordingly as an EA releaseStory 10/10Atmosphere 10/10Game play 7.5/10Sound and voice acting 10/10Writing 10/10"
,Recommended,427880,33571256,Posted: 15 July,all,Pyor,"Given that it's early access, there's a lot of design issues I can overlook.However, I would be remiss to not mention them. First, the loading time for loading the map is absolutely ludicrous, which makes sense given it's loading the entire map. The AI for the hostile bots is a little touchy, I've seen several Seekers just walking into walls constantly until alerted, which makes it easy to avoid them. Slightly less intrusive tutorial segments would be nice, like a simple prompt onscreen or a popup on the edge of the screen, rather than a massive block of text and images that pauses the game and breaks the flow.However.If you're looking for a genuinely dark game, with a lot of lore and a startling environment, you could do a hell of a lot worse than that."
,Recommended,427880,30412419,Posted: 9 March,all,DarkRagnar,"As of day 1, yes, the game crashes every so often. It isn't that bad. The negative reviews are mostly a bunch of trolls that have never played an early access game before.The game does in fact load when you hit new game. The loading just takes a bit and might stop responding once or twice while it loads. FYI, the game still loads! Just freaking wait. For the people that don't know, failing to respond doesn't mean the game crashed.I'm having a lot of fun so far with the game exploring and finding new items and sparingly, inventory upgrades :) Now where is that flashlight upgrade..."
,Recommended,427880,34526263,Posted: 27 August,all,Pownage,"This game is the second thing I've bought this year that is similar to System Shock, Bioshock, Deus Ex etc...Anyway, TL;DR The game is surprisingly good for Early Access, I see it having a strong future as the Developers are constantly working, updating and tuning this game up, and they are listening closely to feedback on the game.Strong Points.The game looks amazing, for what has come from a 4 man team to an 8 man team, getting this already is incredible, the level of detail put into the area's really sets the tone for what the world was like before, during and after it was destroyed.Interesting take on an Inventory, skills & Map system. Some saying the map is a little tedious but given how they have done it makes sense in the futuristic setting, although it might change in the future to make it a bit more informational.A creepy, but curious environment. For me at least I wasn't immiediately screaming and running for the hills but there definately was a feeling of caution at all times. Starting in blind was just ridiculous, I felt like a Child exploring on a wide new adventure, only to get beaten down for my curiosity, which by the way is likely going to happen, the game has a ""As you continue"" Tutorial system but for the most part, it does not hold your hand in the slightest, you're given a Book Manual and now you must go and put your knowledge into practice.The differences in Enemies and their Factions makes for a better setting than just ""Everything is trying to kill you, just because"" to ""Not everything will kill you, as long as you obey their rules.""Item crafting/destruction with base building mechanics and also World Repair, you can actually improve things to make the overall place a bit more stable (I'd like to see more features with that, its a great feeling actually making an impact on the world, making it a little bit more safe.)Perma Death, I'm saying this is a positive because its how they want their game to be, understandably many will say ""Well I just lost all my stuff after 20 hours, I don't really want to do that again because...."" If that's your concern, then this is the wrong game for you, This is about surviving, with whatever you get and find, about taking risks and finding rewards. There are no second chances for your mistakes as grave as these, although they have talked about adding a rare method of limited respawns.Weaker pointsThe Combat system is a little odd/clunky. It works, its just.. strange sometimes you can't quite understand why the enemy was able to get a hit on you after you've just staggered them, but put your shield up. Other times they become unrelenting 10 hit 1s K.O monsters.The Inventory system being 11 slots wide and not 12, Gives me conniptions.The NPC AI isn't the best. Sometimes they walk in circles, will see you from unnaturally long distances while crouching/in the dark (Is there a stealth system? It seems like it but could be just the basics at the current time). Those responding to failed Hacks commonly get stuck walking into walls and don't respond. Sometimes you get Arrested for doing... nothing, just looking at them and suddenly its ""PICK UP THAT CAN""End Result - I'm going to end up playing this more than Prey."
,Not Recommended,427880,33198903,Posted: 3 July,all,thesoulgazer,"Falls prey to the standard survival game issues of a thousand ticking clocks, all of which take time from other clocks to fix.  You have the standard trifeta of hunger, thirst and sleep (which of course takes hunger), then you have suit energy, which is required to power your weapon, station power if you want the lights on and the shops working, then if you want to build a base, you also have your own personal power stations to worry about, plus equipment durability.  Not helped by the fact that crafting has no mass build option, so to build and upgrade, say, a single ion core, you are spending several minutes just clicking different parts of the crafting menu (all while you are running down the afterforementioned clocks).I would say that the ticking clocks really need to be dialed down a bit, because as is, I have to stop actually exploring or fighting every couple of minutes to go get food or water or sleep or batteries or ion cores or station power consoles or solders or etc and etc the list goes on and on.  Jim Sterling has a good video called ""Babysitting the Survivor"" on why this conceit of survival games quickly becomes more of a pain then a gameplay feature.  I had more fun in the couple hours after I went ""enough"" and downloaded a trainer to turn off the hunger/thirst/sleep mechanics then I had in the first 14 hours of play.  I guess some people are really into these mechanics, but I'm not one of them.There are upgrades to, in theory, decrease how fast you use up food and whatnot, but they require getting to high genome levels, I.E. very late game."
76561198135122351,Recommended,427880,30416737,Posted: 9 March,all,_b1ack0ut,"The game itself has some performance issues, but it is literally day one here, so I have faith they can be worked out. The initial loading time is immense, and you need to wait through it as it stops and starts responding. Once you get in however, the game itself looks amazing. loads of potential here, although I have not yet survived the night, and have yet to find a flashlight.EDITS: After the first patch, the loading times have been slightly reduced, the crashes have been redused significantly, and the stutters have all but vanished. There are still some rough around the edges stuff, but this is now in a quite playable state.Also I am an idiot and you start with a flashlight. dont try to find one, the flashlight slot in your inventory is for MODIFIERS not actual flashlights. Its on F."
,Recommended,427880,30419172,Posted: 9 March,all,FrizTheFizzle,"Like what I see so far, had a few issues with crashing/stuttering here and there but nothing major. Still got to play a decent chunk of the game. Love the overall feel of the game, sets a great mood. Movements feel pretty solid. Picked up the controls fairly easy; however they do not hold your hand too much with explanations of how items work. Also one minor complaint, the text can appear very small on items and in some menus. I can understand some people wanting refunds, but give it a week and I bet most of these problems will be solved by this hardworking team. I've been following their blog posts from the beginning and can tell they put their entire body and soul into this game. Keep up the good work!"
76561198067076031,Recommended,427880,30418484,Posted: 9 March,all,h5,"Early review, currently there are more negatives then positives but don't read into that too much. Early access.Positive:* Good visual graphics.* After initial loads the following loads (such as respawn) are relatively light.* After tweaking the graphics for the first hour the game began to run smoothly. Played an whole hour with no crashes.Negative:* In the first hour, 5 crashes where experienced - four of which was unavoidable.* Long loading, double that with the frequent crashing makes the game unbearable.* Starvation and dehydration occurs too frequently.* Got stuck one time, menu bugged, restart needed.* Respawning left me stuck in place once and another time caused me to be frozen but drift sideways. Menu was inaccessible, had to kill the game via task manager.* NPCs are idiots, walking into walls or unable to follow. Most security drones spawn stuck near objects (easy loot)* Logs and written text occasionally gets stuck on the screen (fixed by reading any log and exiting).* The starting area has lack of fitting directions, wandered aimlessly trying to find a way out.* Door buttons may disappear (this one is a maybe, not sure. It seemed as if some where missing but...)* The... Arm-menu's inventory is clunky, sometimes when I had room I was unable to place stuff down. Having to reorganize a 3x3x3x empty room for a 2x2x2x sized... Something.* Quitting to desktop saves your last location but removes everything from your inventory.* Synchronization issues when respawning, you can hear breathing sounds, etc., before they occur.* You have to scan every box to open them. Annoying if you are just infront of it, pressing E and manually checking it would be more efficient. If you can't open it it's locked and you automatically begin hacking it.* The game will at random freeze throught the gameplay (solution is to not move, just let it be for a minute or so and it will fix).* Literally can not exit the game without forcefully terminating it. Sat and waited for the game to save and exit to main menu for 15 minues. So, don't quit playing until you see that autosave.Conclusion:Buy now because it's cheaper with early access than the finished product, play a few months from now... Or buy a year from now when it is on sale. But if you have no problem with the above, something that will be fixed eventually, then buy it and play it."
76561198068703248,Recommended,427880,35500524,Posted: 5 October,all,Biø,"Great game with great atmosphere, my only issue is with the AI, either than that this game is amazing for it being early access."
76561198021763573,Recommended,427880,30463486,Posted: 11 March,all,Elimonateor,"Right now this is short and sweet, hopefully more added later.The game is everything I could want and more, and in it's just hatched form there is so much growth and development I know will create an even better experience.Resident evil 4 inventory, killing floor 2 like perks, upgrades, money, stores, looting and defending with your fists. Survival in it's most utopian envisioned place it's astonishing.Released it had some quirks, though the devs were right there listening and in a very short amount of time fixed the largest issues first and made note of some of the other items. They're talking on the forums and creates a feeling of being heard and appreciated as a customer.I am happy to support a group of developers who are invested in and care about their customers."
,Recommended,427880,30422375,Posted: 10 March,all,Sir Pencil,"It's in a rough state - it's early access, so that's to be expected - but PAMELA has the makings of a great spiritual successor to System Shock. It's got a solid mix of RPG, Stealth, ""base-building"" and persistence that blend together into a solid first-person horror/action hybrid.Buyer be aware: At present state its a bit buggy, but when it does work it works well, and the devs are hard at work on optimization and bug fixes. If FPS horror is your thing but early access isn't, you should wishlist this for now and check back on it in a few months."
76561198292057025,Recommended,427880,31290810,Posted: 22 April,all,Four Sticks,"I will wait until  the game is more stabl,  but i will add that NPC charcters need more body movents adding to their uniqueness to the NPCs. Also it might feel better adding more atmospheric background sounds and music. Still very promising."
,Recommended,427880,31845794,Posted: 19 May,all,Arx.KR,Now that it doesn't crash much anymore9/10Technical problems (occlusion and things get weird in certain areas probably meant to be off-limits)Gameplay is pretty solid
76561198002787081,Recommended,427880,30424623,Posted: 10 March,all,DarkFred666,"Englisch Review:What can i say: I LOVE THE GAMESo far it take about 7-8 Minutes for me a load a new Game not 15-20 like other Users tell,in the 4 hours i played the game zero crashes.I dont understand why some player give the game a bad review,its a Early Access game and not a full version.Yeah its a bit buggy and laggy but it dont care me,iam pretty sure the Devs fix things in the next weeks-months.After the Devs released a patched the game run a bit better and the Hackingsystem is a bit easyer now,you all should try Hack things you can find really good Loot insinde:Like a Bodyarmor-Warden Fist for better QCB or Weapons like a CrossbowIf you buy the game,dont think its a full version you will encounter bugs-glitches and other things but so far its playable but its need time like other Early Access Game like ARK-7 days to die and all other.btw: sorry for my bad EnglishDeutsches Review:So weit ich es sagen kann,ich liebe das Spiel es erinnert mich ein wenig an System Schock 2 von damals,lang lang ist es her.Es lädt etwa 7-8 Minutes bis ich bei einen neuen Game endlich ingame bin und nicht wie andere berichteten 15-20 Minuten,ich selber hatte in den 4  Stunden die ich es gezockt habe null Crashes.Ja es ist ein wenig buggy-laggy-schwer: als beispiel das HACKINGSYSTEM ist am anfang echt schwer,wird aber noch geändert von den Devs.Ich selber warte noch ein wenig,bis ich es ausgiebig zocke und werde das Review dann dem entsprechend änderen."
,Recommended,427880,32901315,Posted: 27 June,all,Who am I ?,"(INTERESTING IF YOU THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS GAME)What you will get for your money:+A LARGE and BEAUTIFUL map.Serious Guys, i rarely seen any map desing like this with thatsize!Its amazingly desinged and you can feel all the time that went into creating this map while walkingtrough it.+An intense Atmosphere for the beginnign of the game.For the first like 10 hrs of gameplay you will take every step crefully and think about everythingyou do, because the enemies are dangerous and you need to learn how to encounter them first.This leads to one of the best Gaming experiences i ever had on a game at all! (at lelast for thebeginning)+An interesting and kind of unique Upgrading and level up system wich will totally catch you+Overall you get a pretty good Preview on what you will get someday from this game.Everybody who played it needs to admid that the base concept and the potential of this game isamazing and will be an awesome game one day.+UPDATES COME FREQUENTLY!!!But what you also get is AN EARLY ACCESS GAME:-There are a few bugs in the game-The long term motivation in this game is still missing-A lot of Content is missing (YET !)-The Gameplay needs balancing-Enemy AI is ... stupidConclusion:What you get is an immensly PROMISING game concept with A LOT of REALLY GOOD ideas.On the other side this game is an EARLY ACCSESS game and it will NEED its time in DEVELOPMENT until it´s a real game.So here are your options:If you want to SUPPORT the Developers by making a really PROMISING GAME:BUY THIS GAME ! (they must have decided for Early Accsess for some reason right? they are just a really small studio with a great game concept)If you want to PLAY this GAME:WAIT! At the current state of development you will get like 10 hrs of gameplay out of this game. If this is worth the 20 bucks is up to you. But in long term entertainment this game needs some rather improvement.If you are attracted by the game but NOT SURE yet or it´s TOO EXPENSIVE for your believes:WAIT FOR the game to be on SALE! Add it to your Steam Wishlist so you get notified when it is on sale so you can steal the deal and experience the game for yourself."
,Recommended,427880,30411370,Posted: 9 March,all,「RexIcetea」,"The Game looksreally nice.From what I have experienced(2 crashes and 1 shutdown via Taskmanager, because I couldn't put the game to 1680x1050 resolution(wasn't able to close a tab in the menu))the game is ready to be released, but it's quite buggy for now (edit if this changes).For the first day after the release, my experience was okay, even though the game had to load for quite some time...Pros:great Inventory/Hudreally nice athmospheregood soundtrack/sound designgame looks great, nice graphics ^^Cons (from worst to small issues)crashes (2 for now)no support for different screen resolutions (1080p is the only one)long loading times (should be even longer if your pc only meets the minimum/recommended specs)short game freeze when the game autosaves sometimessome areas are just gliched, I fell trough the floor one timeThe thing that I think is most important for now is asupport for different screen resolutionsand some patch that prevents the game from crashing.I hope that these things will be updated and fixed in the future and that my review can help you for now.(No lag issues on my side,my specs ^^:i7-6700k @4ghz16gb ramgtx 1060 founders edition)09.03.17(edit1: I just now fell through the floor.)(edit2: The game ran smooth after this two crashes. No isssues until now, really good atmosphere, even fighting enemys was great. Small gamefreeze when the game autosaves.)(edit3: The hacking system is quite hard, never got past the last ring. Maybe it should be like this and you get upgrades later in the game, but for now, you have to be usain bolt to beat this xD)11.03.17You are now able to customize your resolution in-game. Nice work devs ^^Review is from the 09.03.17 (will be updated if I remember to do it xDD)"
76561197983699067,Not Recommended,427880,33079163,Posted: 1 July,all,etherseraph,".... Its interisting, but i cant really suggest it.Perma death, which is fine! But things are all screwwed up. Your encouraged to die occasionally to ge XP to spend on overal character advancement, new powers and percentages and tot. But unless you get the extremely rare CryoCore, which allows you to respawn, you have to start a new game losing all your progress.Weapons are an issue as well, most your enemies can hammer you pretty well having large mutant claws and... whatever. You have super advanced futuristic weapons that do less damage then a toddlers nerf gun, consume energy like a humming bird, and cant even say.. Pick up a length of pipe to beat someone in the head. So most the time your tickling large mutant freaks with other peoples faces sewn all over their body, their arms split in two, with giant claws that can flay you in a swipe.Armor has no indication of just how good it is and how much it protects you. You just have to kinda guess and find out when you die.Resource management is ok, except for station power. Evidently these people decided ""Hey! I know! we have an awesome renwable power source! Lets make it so each Habitation unit has to draw that power, and has to Request their tank being refilled about every half an hour!"" the darker you let an area get, say emergency power, or none at all, the more and stronger enemies you find. stations are all about to decide what power level you want, but pnly a single place that can draw that power, which is squirreld off in some remote area. Its a stupid design. Have a max limited amount, make the player decide where they want to have power, where they dont, and what locations are on hold.Its an interesting game, but just doesnt hold up after playing for a bit."
76561198062718950,Recommended,427880,30411222,Posted: 9 March,all,Mr.Robot,The game is gorgeus but it takes long to load.But still the game looks amazing.
,Not Recommended,427880,31003708,Posted: 7 April,all,[BTB]Hammerdown,"PLEASE NOTE - I AM ONLY SAYING NO BECAUSE THERE IS NO 'NEUTRAL' OPTIONI feel in its current state this is most certainly a test build, as is to be expected with early access. The game is visually appealling and the core mechanics seem to work quite well. The audio logs are a nice touch to an otherwise confusing and unclear landscape. Dropped out of cryo and then directly into the overworld with little direction, I found myself moved by a sentry (I guess) to a bedroom somewhere else and then the threat of enemies became 'real'.The combat is clunky, made more difficult than it needs to be, the read-outs are cumbersome (as they should be in survival games, to limit just how friendly the experience is.) but there is something utterly lacking about all other aspects. Exploration can be somewhat rewarding but in her current state she just lacks enough substance. I tried a couple of hours and died only once (buggy combat mechanics) so I don't have much experience but from the little I played she is headed in the right direction.I'll revisit this in a few months time, perhaps when the devs have ironed out some of the issues I experienced.It runs well, despite slower initial loads, looks fantastic and exploration/world building are done extremely well, but overall I can't justify her current cost as there isn't enough substance.I look forward to revisiting this world however, and am sure this will be updated and changed to a positive in due-course."
,Recommended,427880,30418685,Posted: 9 March,all,Leonihtus,"This game has an immense amount of potential, that and at its current state it is playable.However, there is issues with early access (As to be expected). Bugs will crop up and issues with A.I or certain systems will rear around. This is true to most early accesses, but these developers are rather quick and observing of bugs and issues that people bring to the front of discussions.It has quite the atmosphere of a survival horror, this darkened city that was once a utopia. Combat is interesting, having to block and attack but, since I have only gotten close to 3hrs, I have not encountered any tougher enemies. Food and Water is a constant need, easy to forget but (Thankfully) reminded by your device. lastly, base building! This is kinda strange, I have gotten many items such as shield generators and planters, all of which require two specific items to even start. A power generator, and an Ion core. Those two items are the basis of your, well base! Without those two, you are stuck without a source of energy. For me, i've yet to find those two, but it is by chance on whether you get them early or later.Overall, this game is fun, comparative to ""The Forest"" and ""Subnautica"" on their aspects of survival, a sci-fi feel to a horrific event. Just beware of the state, and allow time for the developers to fix the bugs."
76561198067337675,Recommended,427880,30420568,Posted: 9 March,all,Drannak,"Well, This game's definetly got it's fair amount of bugs and glitches, but it's literally the games FIRST day released on EARLY ACCESS so this is to be expected, but i'll definetly recommend it! i've seen lots of bad reviews of it immediately after launch because of frequent crashes, however, this simply wasn't my case. maybe my luck was better than most? people were complaining about crashing every 5-15 mins, i've crashed 3 times in a grand total of my 8-ish hours of gameplay.However the game in its current state is a tiny bit unplayable.... it's still largely playable as a whole, just certain mechanics seem to be... broken. I remember my first encounter with security droids (the robots seen in the trailers) and instead of them walking up and scanning me there were about 7 of them just walking into a wall without stopping, and an afflicted citizen hitting them in the back while they repeated to please avoid physical violence, the citizen would hit them and they would turn around as if ready to fight, then whip back into walking in to the wall mode..But again, I definetly recommend this game, it's pretty freaky and quite fun, just hard to get started. the hacking is a pain but with a tiny bit of practice you'll be fine. Have fun in Eden everyone!"
76561198062415959,Recommended,427880,30413529,Posted: 9 March,all,Lex Lizotte,"So I just started playing the game again after not playing it ever since it came out. I gotta say the game has improved and there is still updates coming out frequently. I've played more then 2.8hrs just majority of my hours were offline on steam. They have optmized it from before but I can still feel a few spikes every now and then which really don't bug me.Theres a lot of content already to explore and there is a little downside which some people may not like is perma-death, if you die you lose everything and start over. But there is  things in game which you can respawn at once you find a certain item so it isn't to bad. Overall I'm glad I came back and i'm looking to future updates of this game!"
76561198047472296,Recommended,427880,30429379,Posted: 10 March,all,AeternalAmber ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is only just one day old at the time of this writing, and I've only experienced fifteen minutes of gameplay so far, but here's my thoughts on PAMELA. There's quite a problem at launch with the game taking very long to load, last night I think I even waited over half an hour without getting into the game, whereas today I got in after about fifteen minutes. What I found inside was, to put it frankly, laggy. I turned off anti-aliasing and that seemed to improve things, somehow it even made my wrist scanner more legible and easier to see and read.So, why am I giving this a recommendation? This game *is* only one day old, and it's not in a finished state yet. The devs will smooth out these bugs in time, they'll reduce the loading times (they're already working on this), and I know this game will be glorious. It was very spooky in that short time that I was actually playing and in the game. In a lot of ways I can see this game being like a System Shock, it just needs to find itself, and I'm willing to give it the time it needs to do that.EDIT May 8th, 2017 - Well, by now they've released many patches, more than I want to count, actually. All these patches have improved the game drastically and that includes load times, where it used to take 15-20 minutes to jump into the game, now it only takes a minute or two for me, and if you have a better pc it'd definitely be quicker for you."
76561198077978685,Recommended,427880,32124347,Posted: 2 June,all,Rigby Ichor,"I recommend buying P.A.M.E.L.A. if you enjoy games like dead island, the forest, etc. now, the game is in VERY early acces, so bugs and crashes are expected.  i've played for, yeah, 4 hours ( i intend on playing more lol) but during that time, i never really encountered bugs that made the game boring or frustrating. see, the game is not meant to be voted on for what it is right now, so im upvoting because it has, and will use, the potential to become a wonderful game that's very immersive. one more thing before im done, though. THE DEVS ACTUALLY LISTEN TO THE COMMUNITY, SO YEAH. ok that's all :P"
76561198006782422,Recommended,427880,31277020,Posted: 21 April,all,Farmores,I'm liking the feal and the look of the game so far. It has a ton of potential.  Hope they continue in there current direction  it may be a tad buggy but i enjoyed it alot.
,Recommended,427880,30422912,Posted: 10 March,all,klesk,"ENGFirst of all you have to know it's an early access so it certainly does have problems and stability issues due to both hardware (15%) and software (85%) but this aspect will not affect my review.Honestly i was very excited for that game so my expectations were a bit high but i'm pretty satisfied of it.The grafics part is very very good and the light mangment is good too, the ""survival horror"" thing is very well done and honestly is a good combination of Dead Space, Alone in the Dark and Resident Evil.Pros:- You have to explore every place in order to find equipment and useful items by scanning any possible hiding (orange light)- Good graphics, light/shadows and animations- Easy-to-learn commands- Great combination of RPG, FPS and Survival HorrorFor developers:- Great potential! Keep developingCons:- As an early access it has issues and sometimes it crashes while you're exploringITAPrima di tutto dovete capire che è un gioco ad accesso anticipato quindi ha problemi di stabilità dovuti sia al gioco stesso sia, in piccola parte, all'hardware ma questo è un aspetto di cui non terrò conto nella recensione in quanto è appunto un accesso anticipato.Devo dire che ero particolarmente fremente per questo gioco, vedendo i vari video ed i trailer e leggendo onlne mi sembrava un titolo dall'enorme potenziale e le mie aspettative erano un po' alte ma devo dire che sono piuttosto soddisfatto del risultato.Il comparto grafico è ben curato e le luci sono gestite bene, la parte ""survival horror"" si sente da subito ed è una buona combinazione di Dead Space, Alone in the Dark e Resident Evil.Pro:- Il gioco ti costringe ad esplorare ogni posto ed ogni stanza per trovare oggetti ed equipaggiamento scansionando i possibili nascondigli (evidenziati con una luce arancione)- Buona la grafica, le luci/ombre e le animazioni- Comandi piuttosto facili da imparare- Ottima combinazione di RPG, FPS e Survival HorrorPer gli sviluppatori:- Grande potenziale! Continuate a svilupparlo!Contro:- Essendo un early access ha ovviamente dei problemi e capita che mentre state girando il gioco abbia dei crash"
,Recommended,427880,30424562,Posted: 10 March,all,MLG Orange,"This Game is perfect.BUT U CANNOT EXPECT THAT IT´S 100% BUGFREE 1-2  DAY´s AFTER LAUNCH!I cannot believe what some idiots write abaut this game!THIS IS EARLY ACCES, NOT FULL ALPHA 1.0!!The most negative ratings are beacause the game takes really long to load and it crashes sometimes.(ok it´s stressing you out when u freeze every minute and then it crashes)But these two reasons are not (really) the Devolpers faults.Long loading screens and Crashes are one of Unity-Games Childhood-disease´s.Everyone who played Subnautica in early state knows what i mean. (it took 5-15 min to load and freezed sometimes)But the dev´s of subnautica fixed it.Anyway the Bugs/crashes will be fixed soon (i hope).Just let the Dev´s do their work o.k?And to all others which experienced Crashes/or else, here are some tips, maybe they can help you.1: Restart your PC2: Lower the graphics ( change it to medium or low, mostly crashes are on high/ultra, u can still try to slowly set the graphics higher)3: Check your installation via Steam.4: ask the Internet. :D5: Try turning off steams Broadcasting systemI hope one of them will work for you. :)"
76561198078530585,Recommended,427880,33008098,Posted: 29 June,all,Conronc,"P.A.M.E.L.A. is an early access game on the verge of greatness, but hampered by some key things which are currently dragging it down to mediocrity. NVYVE great job so far, I hope you see this review because I intend for it to be as critical and helpful for development as possible.A couple things for the gamer out there: is this game (in its current state) worth $20? Yes absolutely, provided the following:- you like something 'on the verge' of horror (where uneasiness and fear is constant)- you can withstand a few bugs- you like Survival/crafting games. (capital S, lower-case c)- you can deal with (or choose to avoid) a lot of bad voice acting- you can deal with samey combat>The game absolutely flourishes by taking Survival/crafting into a sort of ipod-sleek aesthetic future gone-wrong. You feel like an ant running around a large, and unsafe place and to that end the game nails its ambiance.>Level design is fantastic and varied, really enhances the ambiance and it is just too ♥♥♥♥ing pretty.>game mechanics are nothing exceptional, but are well done and tweaked. A few minor bugs with shield going up/down and stamina not replenishing sometimes but that's been it for bugs so far. Resetting fixes these bugs and protects my save. I'd rate this as solid quality on par with AAA gaming standards.Now, here is my (imo, absolutely ambiance breaking) complaints:1) Combat is not threatening, and very samey.At the moment (9 hours in, maybe I missed something) there are only as far as I can tell 4, maybe 5? types of enemies. 4 of them will run at you and attack you head-on with slightly different move/attack speeds. The fifth just calls in one of those other 4.The game *needs* varied, and frankly, more threatening enemies. At the moment having access to a shield basically means you can get through any 1v1 fight by blocking their punch, and hitting them in the face. More than one enemy means you should run away, lest your shield get overwhelmed and you quickly die. The 'tougher enemies' aren't really any different except needing more punches and taking out more of your health bar if you're not careful.What I *don't* want to see is just more health/more damage enemies which sometimes happens. No, what this game needs is varied *threats*. Maybe, in some places instead of finding 2-3 enemies (which is indeed a threat) you find an actual horde (though not sure if the current application is optimized for large numbers of enemies), or instead of just zombies you find a creeping toxic moss that threatens your development, that can only be cleared out using a special high level (or non-craftable) solvent. Enemies that can't be taken out in hand to hand, or from far away, or creeper hunter things that try and stalk you from the shadows idk. These are just dumb naive ideas, but they are jumping points for ideas that should fit better.I'm not the developer here, you guys should do what you envision, but please make combat a little more engaging and a lot less predictable.2) Dear god the voice acting.There's a saying, show-don't-tell. At the moment the overwhelming majority of voice lines are written to the tune of zero emotion, or at best small-scared-girl. Furthermore, a character should never (or at least very sparingly) tell you what they're feeling (""I suppress my excitement"", ""I feel the first flashes of anger"", ""I feel sad"") all of these lines are bad news.Currently I think this is because there's so much focus on ""be a small scared girl in the emptiness"" which is supposed to give us a reason to engage with the story, but it's effect is completely the opposite. If she doesn't have a range of emotion she won't feel like a character, and I won't be motivated to do anything for or against her. Yes this is hard to do with a lot of single voice lines, but a range of emotions (and especially acting those emotions out, not telling them) is important for NPC-engagement.Now here I'll say something a little more subjective: I'm scared enough caring for myself, let the AI lady be an additional level of scary or intimidating, don't try and make her something I need to go rescue. Making the overarching AI sound a little menacing or crazy would be a good thing. Not that she can't be something I want to rescue or care for, but don't go 100% all in on the little-scared-girl method. I want to be overly careful about comparing this game to System Shock, but I think it's worth noting that SHODAN, and AI in general, carry increased emotional impact when their human qualities and morality are nebulous, alien and possibly threatening.of course I'm only 9 hours in with something like 70/160 EA lines uncovered? maybe there's better stuff to come but I can't be sure.----OK dirty stuff aside I want to repeat that this is high-quality work and that it is still highly engaging. I hope the development team are still early enough in the cycle that you can consider trying to at least partially expand on the two things I covered above, as while they don't fundamentally ruin the game they are pretty important elements of things the game already does extremely well. Improving these elements even a little bit will go a long way towards lifting the entire game to sublimity."
76561198114012657,Recommended,427880,30417141,Posted: 9 March,all,Aurummorituri,"Pros:+Great graphics with a cyber/futuristic vibe mixed with some Resident Evil.+Scary/jumping out stuff will make you lose bladder control like Resident Evil.+Tons of randomly generated items like food, power cells, shields, ARC GUNS, LASER KNIVES, shield pylons, etc.+The above items look amazing+Randomly generated items and circumstances+You have some sexy chest chairCons:-Runs like crusty buttcakes at 4k 60 fps-ish at Medium preset with TITAN X PASCAL AT 2GHz!-Frequent stutter and freezing with the occasional hard crash with very long load times.-UI bugs like menu bars getting stuck on screen after CLOSING the menu.-Using a controller and keyboard interchangeably causes UI to lock up.-Combat has shady hit detection, usually not in your favor.-Enemies are stupid when attacking each other but chase your tight, jumpsuit-framed butt with a vengeance.-Lighting is stupid dark or fairly bright  between spawns in the same area. Possible random generation.-Hearing my equipment start beeping and then I die randomly without any explanation with no health loss or enemies around to hit me. Maybe contamination? Certainly no visual indicator for it and running away does nothing.Conclusion:This game is going to be epic IF the developers can:1. Get the loading times and stutter in check.2. Optimize and boost performance CONSIDERABLY for everyone not running a $1200 graphics card.3. Adjust the lighting to be brighter and more consistent.4. Work on the combat.5. Random dying explanation?6. Higher resolution chest hair.This game is shaping up to be very cool, but it needs a LOT more polishing to make it enjoyable while running at better than low settings on computers that cost less than a kidney transplant. Ultra gets me about 30fps. I will wait warmly for future updates."
,Recommended,427880,30413825,Posted: 9 March,all,Kate_Walker,"Just explored the outdoor area! It took a little while to get used to the environment and where things were, it freezes momentarily, but if you are patient it shouldn't be a problem and it rarely occurs, at least with me."
,Recommended,427880,30931629,Posted: 3 April,all,Lynx,"This is a very good game for early access, though it has some bad points, it is over all good and if I could I would buy the game multiple times and send the copy's to everyone in my friends list ( which, im sorry but im not spending £930.51 to give 49 people a single game, im not rich x3 ) but over all, good game, and I highly recormend purchaseing this game and trying the awesomeness that is P.A.M.E.L.A.® =3==Pro's of this game==- Fantastic graphics- Highly Dynamic- A great concept- Awesome views- Great for a reasonably new game- Not nutureing at all ( reminds me of darksouls at times )- Scare's the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at times XD- Very atmospheric- Exstremly satisfying when you get some super rare loot or kill some super hard enemy ( Reaper's and their sisters )==Con's of this game==- No multiplayer/co-op- NPC's can be screwy ( for example I had 3 enemy's get stuck on stairs )- Unbalanced loot system ( sometimes you can get some♥♥♥♥♥♥the entire time, sometimes you get all the best stuff straight off the start )- Unbalanced NPC placement ( had 3 reapers ""the toughest enemy in this game"" patroling the area I was in the whole time and you can't really escape them soooo )- Need's more items, you can get almost everything after 3 day's of surviveing- Need's a more clear story, had to go onto the wiki to find out what's going on and it's still not 100% clear- Need's a sleeping system or something, I had to wait under a table for day so I could leave the main facility- Need to balance out enemy'sbut even though their is a LOT of con's, it's still a really good game and most of the things I have written has Con's are proably going to be fixed or implement and are simple problems, still, I really want Multiplayer to be at the top of their list because, well... it REALLY needs that."
76561198032313081,Recommended,427880,32582546,Posted: 19 June,all,Garath,"All i can say about this game is just wow! I`ve been playing games since the colecovision days and i can say my desire to play survival/horror games has been rekindeld because of this game.  The atmosphere is nice and new, not the usual apocalyptic landscape or zombie infested city, the story so far is excellent and the voice acting for pamela is amazingly done, its not everyday that i actually feel for a character in a game. Most of the negative reviews revolve around crashing and or glitches, the devs are active and working on bug fixes, this is EA so anyone not expecting bugs doesnt understand EA. Buy the game to support the devs, this is definitely a 10/10, and as for glitches, i`ve played the new update for over 20 hours and have yet to encounter a single glitch, i have quit and loaded dozens of times and have yet to lose any progress or base items, so dont let negative reviews based only on glitches bias you against this game as those reviews were written before the latest update. So i CAN recommend buying this game in the state its in, and it will only get better from here."
,Recommended,427880,32682001,Posted: 23 June,all,Therandus,"Im actually very surprised at how interesting it is, the world is huge, so many little details, and the atmosphere is great. Even when you have a shield and a ranged weapon, when i exited a building at night to go back to my little camp i set up, outside was a horde of all kinds of nasty things, to the point that i would die if i attempted to kill them, so i sprinted as hard as i could dodging them and attracting more on the way as the creepy groans and screams close in on me, eventually i managed to lose them but i still dont feel safe, i run into my little camp, turn on the generator and activate my shield walls to sort out my stuff and sleep safely through the night.The setting of the game is rather unique and most of all it is intense and hard at times which make it interesting, with an intriguing story that makes you want to know, is anyone still out there? who is this AI that has contacted me? where can i find a bigger map or directory, theres too much to explore!? The thing is these things makes you want to explore this vast city and keep getting it power to keep the lights on so your not scurring through the dark halls of infected using only your flash light. I find it really fun.I will say there are some bugs, like Robot NPC's walking into walls and being stuck there so they dont help you when you need em :P But other than that i am still pleasently surprised with this purchase. :)"
76561198304949941,Recommended,427880,33403340,Posted: 9 July,all,Zeratul,"This game is more like Very alpha than early access. No matter how strong is your rig there will be frames drop, freezings, stuttering, lag. BUGS, BUGS EVERYWHERE! Problems with zombie spawn, funny dance like fights between zombies and sentinels, many more unresolved issues. Than why Im giving it a thumbs up u may ask ? The atmosphere, the details, the story! Dude, I mean, this is all I want from a survival horror game. Even all the bad Pamela is still my number one in the genre and I cant wait for this game to be finally completely done. The devs update it often, working hard on their project so kudos for that. I picked the game up on sale so totaly WORTH for 13£. Go ahead, invest and decide for yourselves. I recommend!"
76561198050608799,Recommended,427880,30412270,Posted: 9 March,all,vampchildren69,"The game crashes that being said i will recommend the game, it is early access after all which means that, they are still trying to work out all the bugs. I have complete confidence that the company will get these sorted out and fixed with further updates."
,Recommended,427880,31872280,Posted: 20 May,all,Viener,"A fun game, and the support for the crashing problem was quick and efficient. A promising Early Access."
76561198067670309,Recommended,427880,33536387,Posted: 14 July,all,WeylandYutani,"This is an pre Alpha in Development Early Access Game, you might say always ""i know"" but most dont, they think always they got a fully working Game on their Hands. You only need to read the Reviews to see that both Sides dont really get it.Theres only one Reason to start this and thats to find Bugs and Issues and Suggestions and to Report them thats all. Its good when you have fun by only playing it as it is but thats your problem and you cant judge it, get this straight already.This Game has potential no doubt and its totally worth to invest into the Development because thats the only way this Game will get a final Release. Thats the point of Early Access after all, to create a way to finance a Game what otherwise wouldnt even exist. On top of that instead of paying for any type of Quality Control they get a load of People doing that for free and in return People get the chance to influence the Game and test it to their likings.Have a nice Day"
,Recommended,427880,30413568,Posted: 9 March,all,Tactical_Rick,Awesome game yes it is a bit buggy does crash but if you wait when it freezes it will come back has crashed from trying to go to the main menu from a death the game is beautiful though it is early access and is gonna be a long road but well worth it ended up buying another copy for a giveaway on my stream good work so far guys excited to experence this journey with you
76561198072932910,Recommended,427880,30425490,Posted: 10 March,all,Sir Kazz,Long load times but still awsome as all ♥♥♥♥ its like Deadisland and system shock had a survival baby lol
76561198073622894,Recommended,427880,30472755,Posted: 12 March,all,acejokerhomie,"Over all its a great game and worth getting, there are a couple bugs that do infact get ride of my inventory starting the game up again after playing previously and losing some of my buildings in all its a great game"
76561198044110100,Recommended,427880,30465711,Posted: 12 March,all,andremacfarlane,"Great game so far, developers have spent alot of time working on this!A few glitches and problems but getting better as each patch is released fixing them all.I love the game play and animation and how everything is interactive, lights, buttons etcA little confused on what the actual goal is of the game but love exploring and killing people!8/10 from me!!"
,Recommended,427880,32683691,Posted: 23 June,all,Yamaki,Was a cool concept and idea but i could not get the graphics to work. I run a complete AMD setup and the screen looked like it has  film filter to the point that i could not make out some small shapes. The Flashlight was blinding to the point that using ti ment that i could not actually see anyting. No Brightness settings were found.Other than that it was a cool game for what i played. Wish it was optimized better for my build.
76561198055453149,Recommended,427880,32758318,Posted: 24 June,all,00Richy,"This is a solid early access game. It is very engaging in it current start, but can be hard to figure out in the first few hours of play. It also has huge potental. I feel like a lot of the features have not been implemented yet as I can't seem to figure out how to do some things. Yet this does not take away from a good experience. Can't wait till they have if all done :)"
,Recommended,427880,33021305,Posted: 29 June,all,Zatch_the_Catch,"INTROI have had an amazing experince so far discovering lore and surviving the infected in the futuristic, utopian city of Eden 052. P.A.M.E.L.A has really surprised me when it comes to content and atmosphere and stands at a much higher peak than any of the other open-world survival games that are on steam. After buying this game, I was sure I had made a solid choice in purchasing this game, but I did at one time doubt myself. That doubt went away though as I realized I had only scratched the surface of this complex and interesting game. With the intro out of the way here are some pros and cons this game has to offer:PROS- Very good graphics- Extremely atmoshperic- Cool and easy to navigate interfaces- Interesting crafting system- Decently smooth mobility- A good, balanced difficultyCONS- Somewhat clunky combat- Some stuttering- Some poor optimization- Deconstruction makes objects look ugly in the context of the cool setting- AI bodies can go through walls :/- Inventory and storage can sometimes be quite a hassle as the storage units in the game require a lot of crafting to makeOUTROI see a lot of potential in this game and have purchased it to support the developers and follow this early access title until its full release. I can highly recommend this game and suggest it to anyone interested in the sci-fi survival genre, but if you think that the problems this game has currently make it not worth purchasing, then hold off your purchase and watch the development. Other than that, I might have left out a few things here and there, but this is my overall summary of what I think of the game in its current state. Some problems may be fixed in future updates because of this game's highly active development team."
76561198045453755,Recommended,427880,32707618,Posted: 23 June,all,SenpaiWillNeverNoticeYou,"This game took me about an hour to get used to. There really isnt much to do quest and story wise, but it has a ton of promise and looks very fun. There are a couple things they need to work out but it is early access so they will come. Right now theme and aesthetics are all very pleasing. I like the art style a lot. This game is like Deus Ex, Left4Dead, and any open world crating game of your choosing combined. Buy it now on sale and enjoy it as it gets better :^)"
,Recommended,427880,32784761,Posted: 25 June,all,Chiller Killer,"So far this has been the best game of 2017 for me. I have a LOT of games, and the survival genre just blows in general.So I didn't realize how survival this game was. I thought it was a linear singleplayer game instead I found a immersive sci-fi universe creating my own story of surviving and exploring a Degrading Utopia City full of mystery, and questions.I don't normaly recommend a game, but this game put my through all the emotions and check.IF you think this game will scare you, don't worry about it. It has a nice balance and really is on bioshock level of fear.Once you get used to the looting, Power Grid Systems, knowing what to do to survive it gets really expansive when you want to settle a couple safehouses. I could literally write a novel based on the first 2 days of playing this game non-stop.If you are a fan of sci-fi, survival, figuring things out with minimal handholding with big rewards do yourself a favor and pick this up. Very Good for EA and plenty of content for quite some time with more areas coming out soon.Gameplay 9/10Graphics 9/10Sound 8/10Bugs 7/10 (some glitching with wrist if you fireing at same time)"
76561198034099014,Recommended,427880,32970522,Posted: 28 June,all,turbulance4,"I did not expect this to be good. But it's very good. There are a few bugs I'd like to see worked out, but over-all a thumbs-up"
76561197960865396,Recommended,427880,32904844,Posted: 27 June,all,Apocalypse@OPGN,"I think the game has a lot of potential with the atmostphere and the current work already completed.  The GUI seems completed, inventory management and item management needs some tweaks, combat needs to be improved, but overall the game has a good future as long as more content is added."
,Recommended,427880,30509925,Posted: 14 March,all,jag,"I would like to thank all the developers that are keeping on top of the updates, fixing  and releasing them in a timely manner. You guys are doing better than the creators of No Mans Sky."
,Recommended,427880,30621569,Posted: 19 March,all,Busasgaming,"Played the game for about an hour so far. Looks like it can be a lot of fun. I think a much much more in depth tutorial would be nice..There are so many objects and things to pick up and base building. (i didn't even know that was a thing) I will for sure keep at the game and learn about it though, but I'd rather not have to google and use forums to know what i am doing."
76561197971779687,Not Recommended,427880,35142656,Posted: 22 September,all,Digitalwand,"Unfortunately I can’t comment, at this time, on the game play.  Main reason is that it takes very very long time to load.  Initially I thought the game crashed, but still waited, and eventually it started; I think I saw comments from other people on this issue.For me it is a show stopper – Every so often I try to load the game with the same results.I understand the game is still in development, but wanted the developers know that, at lease for me, until this issue is resolved, I cannot provide any practical feedback – every time I consider trying the game, I give up, and go to other games.From other reviews and the short time I did play, it looks good, and has great potential.   So, I’ll continue monitoring the game, and hope this very slow load time is resolved."
76561198054575191,Recommended,427880,31212870,Posted: 17 April,all,Lethaius,"the game is rather fun, sure there is a sever lack of a tutorial, but its still really simple, scan everything, and find a place to set up a base! i myself am a fan of the hospital in the marketplace, but oh well, if youve got the $25 and are a fan of survival and games like deus ex, id reccomend trying the game"
76561198297289856,Not Recommended,427880,33888249,Posted: 29 July,all,sam.giddens303,"Lots of jarring bugs and awkward controls. It might have more promise in a year or so, but right now I'd recommend steering clear."
,Not Recommended,427880,33944310,Posted: 1 August,all,Brother Loden,"-very- clunky Ui, game has promise but don't buy it at full price yet, the combat is very booring too for the time being. I'd give it some time to be polished."
76561197998051407,Not Recommended,427880,32745261,Posted: 24 June,all,killemall,"Steam needs a 'meh' button, sideways thumb or a 'maybe' button. Almost three hours isn't enough to rate the content of this game, but it is enough to judge the controls, graphics and sound.The controls feel unfinished and sluggish--falling somewhere between driving a non-powersteering farm truck and attempting to run in hip-deep water -- with slow response time akin to lag back in dial-up days.The lighting, no matter how I configured the settings is garish and the saturation/reflective properties of the textures are rather 'unnatural' and left me with a niggling headache.The sound is ok. I assume this will be augmented/upgraded before completion.I bought this on sale and I'm glad. It's not ready. It has potential as far as I can tell, but I cannot play it the way it is without being distracted by it's clunkiness. The controls are your standard fare, but the whole game feels slow and sluggish. Maybe in a few months this will be ready, but for now I must withhold my full recommendation.Maybe by then the game will be optimized as well."
76561198083324281,Recommended,427880,30416797,Posted: 9 March,all,Anonymous2013,"First of all do NOT listen to the negative comments or reviews on this game. P.A.M.E.L.A. is in an EARLY ACCESS stage that lets you test out the core of the game in it's alfa version. Meaning there are bugs, memory leaks and frames that will be addressed to by the developers in due time with the help of the community. The negative reviews are from people that don't like the fact that the game crashes or needs a lot of time to load up the open world and vent their grief at the game.The action in P.A.M.E.L.A. is set in a futuristic utopian city named ""Eden"" build on the surface of the ocean that self sustains itself with power from the sea and the sun. You play as one of the last healthy people in the city that wakes up from cryosleep after suffering a surgical intervention. As soon as the player wakes up, he/she is now living in a pale shadow of the once great city, now ravaged by a terrible disease that causes unstable bone growth. Uncover the tragedy that occured in Eden by exploring and piecing togheter what happened while you were in cryosleep.Much like in BioShock, the player can use genes to improve himself\herself gaining extra health, stamina, endurance, hacking and crafting expertise as well as well as store discounts.Eden features a cycle of day and night but no matter the time you will always be faced with dangers the more you venture deeper into the city or as time passes and everyone will start to fight over what little resources are left in the city. Manipulate the city's energy grid to open up new explorable parts of the city, reinforce your shelter or keep enemies at bay.Salvage materials and items to build up your shelter. Set up defense like force walls, turrets, energy and light pylons. Build a reliable source of food and fresh watter, if the victims of the disease or robots won't kill you, starvation and thirst will.P.A.M.E.L.A. is a great game. Support the developers of this game and we will be rewarded with a beautiful survival horror game in the end."
,Recommended,427880,30536313,Posted: 15 March,all,Astraxis,"Immersion central here: The game looks as pretty as the screenshots, and it makes use of the most unique yet subtle HUD I've seen yet. Devs are very compitent and aware of bugs that they frequently patch out.I need to emphasize that this is not your conventional survival game; I usually hate such games, but this is far different than everything out there. It's incredibly streamlined, and you don't have arbitrary food/water/sleep bars to take care of. Everything you do is for your own benefit (power generators, turrets, barriers, etc.), and is done because you want to, not because you have to. Rant over.Potentially one of the very best games Greenlight has to offer; if it's your type of game, get it!"
,Recommended,427880,30418268,Posted: 9 March,all,Haru,"It's a good enough game, but it needs work. Wait a bit before buying."
76561198079407840,Recommended,427880,32386339,Posted: 13 June,all,WrEQem,"Very fun and a great concept for a survival game. The enemy AI needs some tuning and the security bots get stuck a lot, I fought a boss zombie and I did not get any loot but I look foreward to exploring the world none the less. Very eager to see this game evolve. THE GAME DID NOT CRASH AT ALL like I was lead to belive it just gets stuck rarely and is loading but returns to normal just have to be patient."
76561197987316974,Recommended,427880,32837172,Posted: 26 June,all,Minnie,Great art directionexcellent atmosphereimmersive UIshaping to be a blast.
76561198188132287,Recommended,427880,30674835,Posted: 22 March,all,mrtitanfall,This game is amazing
76561198307941348,Recommended,427880,30808708,Posted: 29 March,all,Kneedirt,"Pretty game with a lot of potential. A little slow paced for me personally, but still a good game for early access."
,Recommended,427880,33165447,Posted: 2 July,all,Baka no Kami,In its current state I recommend the game when it's on sale.  As much as I'm liking it I don't know that I'd pay full price just yet.Graphics stutter every once in a while.  Once really causes a problem when it decides to happen during the hacking mini-game and makes me miss a prompt.I don't usually do permadeath in games but I like how P.A.M.E.L.A. handles it. Leveling up you next character every time you die.   However I can see starting from scratch every time getting tedious and hope they add some sort of persistence to the world.
,Recommended,427880,34070829,Posted: 6 August,all,Chryseus🍸,"Quite enjoyable even in its current state, the level design is really nice with a huge amount to explore, although some more variation in areas would be welcome, combat is fairly average, the most annoying thing is the power system which doesn't make any sense at all but overall I am quite pleased with it so far, multiplayer coop would be fantastic and I hope it does get implemented in future."
76561198360585941,Recommended,427880,33985515,Posted: 2 August,all,brutterins,"I purchased PAMELA many months ago and have to say, I have never seen anything like it.  The developement team have kept their word and made appropriate fixes and updates.  This game could be something monumental.  Let us hope they continue to build on what they have.  AND OPEN NIRVANA!!!!  lol"
,Recommended,427880,33963579,Posted: 1 August,all,Everlands,"I would like to share my opinion about about this game. In my experience while playing this game while, short did provide an amazing experience in immersing you into the very world that NVYVE Studios had intended with splendid audio quality well done voice works (while little being mainly the security bots, data logs, and the AI ((which runs the city which this takes  place)) itself). This game also has amazingly done textures (at least the ones that had been completed) meaning the map and the models look extraordinarily, while the Unity Engine isn't something I'd personally choose to build my game in with the size that NVYVE has in mind. With that being said this game crashes frequently but to be fair the game offers a lot of save spots, so you shouldn't lose too much progress but nevertheless is still a pain to deal with. The game also needs serious optimization, which is the reason for refunding this game having met all the necessities that the studio indicated you needed to run this game, I've attempted to bare with this issue by messing with the settings changing the resolution, graphics, etc anything that would improve performance, however it would seem that this has little to no effect to improving gameplay, now I will remind people that a game called Subnautica also had this issue however had totally improved and fixed all performance issues over periods of time, and with that being said I'm sure the same that was for Subnautica will be the same for this game... Eventual improvement. So with that being said I highly recommend this game I couldn't recommend it enough. However before you chip in some money to support this studio with there Subnautica-esque game be-aware of the issues that follows with your purchase."
76561198001136322,Recommended,427880,30494424,Posted: 13 March,all,Hatter,"This game in Early Access is exactly what you expect to get. Survival elements, upgrades, scavenge for food, drink, and weapons, fight a lot of evil freakin enemies, etc. It is pretty well done compared to other survival games I have played so far.If you want to know what I think more in depth of the game, the first few minutes of this video is describing what I truly think of the mechanics and the look of the game.http://store.steampowered.com[/url)"
76561198069408114,Recommended,427880,30824871,Posted: 29 March,all,Cannibal Confectionist,"First and Foremost this game is still not finished so obviously there are going to issues. I will not beat a dead horse by relisting all of the issues the most common of which are the Control Scheme, Frame Rate issues, and RNG BEING A JERK when you hack things. Inferno locks can go screw themselves but I dont see an alternative to them just yet that would be just as difficult but still easy to master with the hacking sequence they have. I personally enjoy them.There is no real tutorial aside from a few texts in the AARM Tab that give you a very rough gloss over. They are... adequette but one thing they could be clear on is that at the moment they do not have a ""crafting system"" up yet. So if you are getting this purely for basebuilding aspect, dont do it. This game focuses far more on survival horror and in that aspect it does this BEAUTIFULLY.You wake up knowing nothing, left to your own devices you must scavenge and forrage to survive in what was once a utopia, plagued by enemies who were at one time very human like yourself. Some look as if time has simply done them in as this plague has set into their bones, rendering them weak but they dangerous in numbers. Others hold a shocking torch to their roots, if it were not in the middle of some of cataclysmic proportions you would think them as the impatient people waiting for some next gen product they must have. However their sharp agressive motions once sighted upon them, their howling and spitting curses as they rush you show the one thing they are wishing to happen quickly is your death. Lastly is an enemy whom I will not spoil, I will simply say that if you see something remotely human, that has red glowing appendage, run or hide from it. Unless you have the weapons and armor to back up your confidence in such an altercation. As you explore this dying city you slowly begin to piece together, or at the very least develop theories on just how exactly everything went sideways, trying to figure out the difference between a sympton and the root cause of this disaster.It does a wonderful job of nailing the atmosphere of a dying utopia, it kept me on the edge of my seat for the first few hours as I got my bearings, it did not hold my hand for which I was thankful. Once I grew familiar and confident in the first area and wished to explore further, I found the familiar feeling of anxios joy settling back in as I jumped into a new area I hadnt ever explored before, ready for some afflicted citizen to jump on me when I wasnt paying attention.Some have complained on this game being too hard or lacking a sense of direction, and in that capacity I can understand to a point. It could improve on guiding the player, on where to go or find certian items. I am use to games like Dark Souls and Bloodborne which gives you about about as much direction as Trinnimortal makes you feel straight with his booty shorts so I myself did not find this too difficult. Frankly the enemies in this game are far more forgiving as you can just run right past them, you miss out on the chance of loot by not killing them and some of the harder enemies drop worthwile things that you may need in a pinch so think Risk Vs Reward when coming across enemies.TL;DR It's early access, there are problems but devs are working on it. Horror survival done well in a fresh setting of utopian future. Game does not hold your hand, but dont let it discourage you, I implore you to give it a chance.Edit: This review was made prior to playing the patch on 3/29 so take that into effect as it fixes many issues most of them background bugs not explicitely mentioned."
76561198261160213,Recommended,427880,31098475,Posted: 12 April,all,MaskED,"I'm not sure is it that my laptop is too oldoris the game is having some bug , tho game keep stuck around the loading page where we are going to jump into the game after we have choose the spawn area . What's happening actually , i hope that my problem would be solved after few updates ,cause i've been waiting for quite long for this game ! Hope that the games get better and better ,SUPPORTS . i still gonna give positive for this game !"
,Not Recommended,427880,30417493,Posted: 9 March,all,Zed Clampet,"Yep, that's way too early access for me. Game has a lot of potential, I think, but it's got a long way to go. I started the game and had no idea what was going on. All I know are a couple of basic commands, like pressing ""R"" to scan things. Most things that you scan you don't seem to be able to do anything with, but a few things bring up a hacking/lock picking type thing which is impossible for me to complete. I tried on maybe 4 or 5 items and only got close once. The only thing I managed to pick up was a bit of food left on a counter.Later I found a computer that, when I interacted with it, made me pull up my wrist, wearable computer. For what purpose this happened I couldn't tell you. I couldn't make anything of it. Basically, I'm not interested in the apparent learning curve at this point, particularly feeling like I'm likely missing out on collecting items I need because I can't open locked storage. Whoever's idea it was to make that nearly impossible...well, it was a terrible idea.I'm going to refund for now, but keep an eye on it. If it becomes a playable game for those of us with limited patience, I'll come back to it later."
,Not Recommended,427880,32714273,Posted: 23 June,all,Vitlolly,"There is few guide for a new recruit.I have tried, but I don't know how to get water except buying water cups or picking up drinks from garbage.The description texts are too small to identify. They hurt my eyes.2 bugs:When I use water condensor, i will fall to exit that interface, so I have to press alt+f4 to exit  (btw could someone tell me wat I should fill in that box? Where is that ""water bottle""?).Another bug is the zoomed interface after equipped with a new shield. I can't see the health condition after press tab.And I dont know why this game has to preload the whole map at the beginning. The loading time is too long."
,Not Recommended,427880,32771322,Posted: 25 June,all,Venyourbff,"I love the concept of this game because it is taking a bit of prey, enhancing the crafting and the survival part of it.But the game is just that while prey adds story and this game just has like the terminal thing and it explains the backstory that makes no sense.Pro+Survival+Base Building+Nice energy grid conceptCons-Fps drop-Weird and clunky ui-No multiplayer (this game really needs it)-Weird combat system"
,Recommended,427880,31768188,Posted: 15 May,all,ZULU MIDNIGHT,"I enjoy this game, even with it's clunky controls and sometimes unresponsive UI."
,Recommended,427880,32193886,Posted: 5 June,all,Adrian,Very enjoyable. Looking forward to see how it develops.
,Recommended,427880,33351136,Posted: 7 July,all,Mostly...,"This game is cool, for sure.  BUT it lacks a great deal of polish that makes it a functional game.  I'm refering to things like game mechanics and progression.  It's early access, so there is still plenty of time for the devs to get it dialed in.  Even though i know the devs rarely see reviews, this is a message to them from my experience with the game.I couldn't really figure out what to DO in the game.  Theres some doors to open and some stuff to harvest... but then what?  Apparently i'm supposed to repair the different sectors?  Fine, but i'm out of power on my harvesting gun, so now what?  I found an big ol' ion battery and set it next to my crafting bench... wont connect... ok, so machines dont run off batteries... sigh.  The game is so wonky i cant tell if its a bug, intentional, or not yet implemented. :\  Btw, strafing speed is half running speed, sure its more realistic, but that needs to change.Punching stuff to death is really lame since it takes like 5 power punches to kill anything.  Btw, there's no way to disable vibration on my gamepad even though i'm using my keyboard and mouse.  I nearly wet myself when i punched something for the first time and the controler flew across the room.  The rogue-like gear drops make some spawns just worthless and annoying, I spent most of my 2 hour playtime (prior to refund) just trying to find something, or anything of actual use.The AI is literally comically bad at life.  I agro'd a hostile npc and dragged it over to a sentry bot, like any MLG pro gamer would do.  The bot then asked the hostile for its ID and proceeded to swing wildly at it as they both flapped around like a blind fish out of water.  This is something I'd expect from pre-alpha style games, so Early access? ehh, pretty much expected, but gives me the scent of early access purgatory.The devs have a LONG way to go, and the price is too high for what we're getting.  I really want to like this game, and it IS cool... but i had to refund.  This is all too common for early access games :(  If the devs want to give me a free key, then i'll update as things go along, but for now... I had to refund.That said, YOU should give it a try and see what you think!"
,Recommended,427880,30421676,Posted: 9 March,all,pham.peter56,Why is it freezing when it is loading?
,Recommended,427880,32839014,Posted: 26 June,all,Hebbelmonster,"I love this game, scary, dark, and oh so cool. with every update it just gets better. I'm so excited to see what's coming."
76561198043524092,Recommended,427880,30443043,Posted: 11 March,all,Traps,"While I couldnt play more then five minutes at a time of this game (Thanks to constant crashing) I'm not going to downvote it.From what I did get to play, it's interesting and I'm hoping the crash problem is worked around quickly as I'd like to spend more then a few minutes scavenging for supplies before the game dies on me."
,Recommended,427880,30440763,Posted: 10 March,all,Trickster512,"Amazing! Love this game and can't recommend it MOREThe first few minutes might be a bit confusing but it doesn't take long to quickly understand how things work if you pay attention. Essentially you walk around and hack containers to loot things (loot is random), you kill or run away from scary zombie like enemies. there are a ton of information terminals and logs to help fill you in with the background of the game. Food and Drink are easy to find however the buildables may be a little tricky until you are more travelled. Overall one of the best games I have played in a long long time. here is the first video of my daily series for the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cz-0mx0jJ4"
,Not Recommended,427880,30528808,Posted: 15 March,all,Numitron,"Wait! This game will seemingly be amazing. For an indie title, or heck even an AA title, the content is great. However, it is an Early Access game and it shows. Unlike so many EA games, this one is actually because of lack of balancing or game-breaking bugs, not lack of content.PRO:- VERY serious System Shock and Bioshock vibes- Great UI, if a bit unwieldy at times- Awesome world design- Rewarding exploration- Avoid the ""walking simulator"" syndrome- Interesting storyline- Pretty graphicsCON:- Game-breaking bugs- Save-breaking bugs- Sound bugs- Need more ambiance!- AI is just buggy and broken (sometime causing impromptu NPC interpretive dance)- Lighting bugs (Environments extremely dark despite lights being on ; no gamma slider)- Complete lack of directions or environment awareness (Give more hints on what to do to achieve something!)- Player has no personality or purpose (What is he, what he thinks, what is going on? You just appear in the world. )- Better mapping system. Easy to turn in circles in buildings, especially when you get lighting bugs!However, overral, the game, sadly, currently does not work properly due to technical problems and this is why I cannot recommend it at the present. I will change this review as soon as the development team will address the most critical game and save breaking bugs.TL;DR: If you liked System Shock, you will love this game. However, don't buy it now, it's broken."
76561198005864269,Not Recommended,427880,33878944,Posted: 29 July,all,Terra Blade,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. Sci-fi is always nice with all the fantasy...but this game just doesn't do it well. The interface is clunky, and very akward to navigate (you have to hit a small red X to leave the menus), the combat doesn't feel responsive and/or doesn't register hits, and...you are expected to die. Dying unlocks 'genome' points towards your next run, boosting things like health and other factors. Why you couln't do this without dying isn't explained, and really just didn't feel right to me.Never mind the loading times between runs or even just booting up the game.In short, the interface is bad, the combat bad, and just in general the whole thing is interesting but feels pre-alpha and VERY much pre any kind of ""spend you money on"" build. If you want to try it, I recommend a sale or waiting until a lot further in development."
,Not Recommended,427880,33256628,Posted: 4 July,all,FuturistDreamer,"As far as I can tell, the devs thought ""Dark = difficult""  Not sure how many games choose this option, but every time I run into it, I roll my eyes like Anderson Cooper talking to Kellyanne Conway.  Dark is not difficult... it's just irritating.The game does need more information.  I figured that P.A.M.E.L.A. (the AI running the city) was going to walk you through, but it's more like you have to find her and find the story.  So.  Boring.  At least Subnautica gave me some easysauce in the middle so I could get some room to figure things out.  This is just.. ugh.  Yeah... it's effort at suspense and horror is just tedius.There isn't much of a safe space, the AI doesn't communicate with you, powering up the city doesn't do anything but give you barely better visibility and the enemies are little more than a nagging cold, once you figure out how to beat them (which takes about twenty minutes if you're slow).I'm hoping that the game gets more story driven, because that's what I'd call interesting... oh yeah.. and enemies were more than mindless drones that you barely need to try to avoid.  OMG... so mind-numbing."
76561198329282849,Recommended,427880,32097037,Posted: 31 May,all,⎛⎝Sally Smithson⎠⎞,"This game is honestly amazing. While its not a complete game yet it is very clear to see, that, with some work this could be the next best survival horror game. In my 13 hours experience with the game ive found its quite addicting to set up bases, explore, find out more of the lore or just to look around at the amazing secenry. You will encounter a few bugs here and there but all in all this game is a 6/10 on my list.[h] Pros [/h]◦ Scary atmosphere◦ Base building is quiet impressive◦The graphics are to die for◦The map is quite diverse and well done so far◦Different enemies to fight (and run from)◦Most of the animations are good◦No soft stuff (you get thrown into the world and are expected to survive)[h] Cons [/h]◦The AI isn't that smart◦There isn't much to do (but theres enough to get 30h on this game)◦Sometimes you encounter glitchs (base disappearing, power switch screens etc)◦ Some animations need... better animatingThis game is a great survival horror but if you expect a full game remember this is still in devlopment."
,Recommended,427880,33300409,Posted: 5 July,all,Victolabs,Im currently happy with my purchase that i made during the steam sale.
76561198186790942,Recommended,427880,32751745,Posted: 24 June,all,dreter755,"wow this is really good game and for some strange reason it reminds me of another game: dead islandthe graphics are really good the story is really interastingBUTthis game has 3 problems1 the lack of item spawns  like i would walk in the hospital and not finding anithing in 7/10 of the time the only time i have a garenteed loot drop was from zombies, locked rooms , and locked cases  the zombie lootdrop is fair but look at #2 the locked room is unfair after i escaped the hospital i went to a resteraunt nearby the was a locked door i looked and looked and looked but i couldent fined the password and fineally the locked cases the minigame to open them is fun and cool but if you fail a robot goes after you i almost died because of it2 the zombies are too hard to kill i was fortunate enough to get a butchers blade and a wardens fist and i saw a zombie 2 mins later the zomboie was dead yes but i had 2 1/2 bars of health left  i used ah health pack and it didnt go up and i had full hunger pls fix3 there is no proper tutorial just the tutorials on the go  and going back to #1 the starting room didnt evan have any items in it can you At least give us a wardens fist or a semi good ranged weapon so we dont spend 5 mins killing the first zombie"
76561197968094473,Recommended,427880,30497733,Posted: 13 March,all,Laeikkae,"This game is amazing! Futuristic, Zombies, Etc. The only problem for me in this game is the lag which comes when you put your graphics settings on ultra and the movement on the mouse. I mean I have Intel I7-6700K 4.01ghz... DDR4 16 GB Ram...AMD R9 390 8GB... 1 TB SSD... 5 TB HDD ASUS Gaming screen cant remember the model and cba it. ANYWAY, if its a optimization problem then just a patch would probably help but if it is not then it is quite stupid to play a game that looks so terrific as this one on medium for best gameplay. And no I ain't got no virus etc, no firewall is blocking 1GB Internet even though it does not matter. Other games like witcher and WoW Ultra 140fps. But anyway I recommend this game for Youtubers and other horror fans!"
76561198003514822,Not Recommended,427880,30602116,Posted: 18 March,all,|51st|.Pte.SeniLiX,"Potentially a very great game, once it gets finished.However at this state, I ended up requesting a refund.The game has a beautiful world. A bit too dark for my liking, even with huge lamps in the ceiling, it's still pitch black in the corners.If the idea is to get the feeling of an empty world, the devs are spot on, but after an hour of walking around, aimlessly, I just gave up. I had no sence of where to go or what to do. It feels like the game just throws you into a huge world without any indication of purpose.Where to go? What to do? I don't know. Should I even care?Maybe a proper intro would be a good place to start."
,Not Recommended,427880,30411770,Posted: 9 March,all,Harlequin,"PAMELA is hard. PAMELA is also buggy at this current point in time. Lets talk about the gameplay first, Tech stuff second:At the start, its pretty to look at. The graphics look lovely and the atmoshere from when you first load up is pretty dark and compelling. However, once you start doing stuff, this is where it can get very VERY frusterating. Hacking is thrown at you as a ""Land the ball in the zone"" type deal, 3-4 times with it getting harder and harder (faster) as the circle gets smaller. Thats just to unlock the one thing you are trying to open. You encounter your first ""enemy"" very early, and soon realize that no matter how good you think you are, you are going to die. Simple. They out power your little hands by a ton and blocking dosnt do much. This may be a bug, but you die in the same amount of hits with blocking or not. last thing I have to say is that you die, and respawn in the chamber you were at previously, but you can unlock other respawn areas. Note that ALL items are LOST upon respawning, but you can upgraded your ""character"" after every death based on experiance points gained.Technical issues:At the time of this post, there are very many bugs in this game. Phasing through glass, door locks being on the other side, consistant freezing (you have no idea...), fps drops, enemys walking in place making it impossible not to alert them, previously unlocked items are ""re-hackable"" but if you failed to unlock it the first time, its gone forever (I assume this is a bug, but might be working as intended), the screen is SUPER dark and the flashlight unbearably bright.While I am giving this a ""Not Recommended"", that is only during this Early Access point. I would love to do another review at this game once its polished because I can see what they are going for and I am still FULLY EXCITED to see what this game will become! I hope the Developers arent discourage by the negative feedback that will come through, no doubt with any tech issues, and stay true to their plan. Fix the bugs, polish up the gameplay, and we could have a huge hit here =DHere is my first ~30 minutes of gameplay [Uploading..] (WARNING: It gets a bit loud the first 30 seconds):https://youtu.be/Nq95tgajuYs"
,Not Recommended,427880,31955973,Posted: 25 May,all,Darklight221,I would not recommend this game in its current state at all. The game started twice for me and crashed within 5 minutes of starting after the loading took forever. Then put in an exception for my antivirus and disabled while playing now I can only get a black screen and the starting music. Looked at the discussions and while I have a good rig seems like there is no solution. Just empty sorries from the dev with no real solutions. Noone has also found any solutions themselves so not gonna waste anymore time trying to fix it. Hell you can't even alt-enter otherwise the entire window goes transparent. never ever seen that before. The concept and world seem very great but if i try and waste anymore time I won't be able to refund it because of the 2 hour rule. So unless the dev wants to try and fix it they have lost my business.
76561198060817286,Not Recommended,427880,30499383,Posted: 13 March,all,Varius Mayhem,"I requested a refund. The game, in its current state, is not ready for sale yet. The loading times are abysmal as are the FPS (got better after deactivating Steam overlay), the crashes occur too often and changing the graphic settings causes even more crashes. And I'm barely out of the first room!I will come back in about half a year to a year, when the game has ripened. Until then, I can not stand for this game."
76561197994687590,Not Recommended,427880,30434446,Posted: 10 March,all,Cybrviper,"Not going to discuss bugs. EARLY ACCESS peeps, buy at your descretion.The idea of this game seems awesome. The graphics are equally amazing. Storyline, nowhere to be found. Frustration level while playing, insanely high. This game is meant to be hard, you are obviously meant to die. I can understand this is a highly polished roguelike game with a persistant world. So far though after 3 hours of play I am not excited to continue. Perhaps this game will be worth a revisit but for me all I can accomplish in game is watching my rebirth over and over. Also we have a severe persistance issue. That issue is, where is my body? I understand losing all my items on a respawn but if the world is truly persistant shouldnt I be able to find my things on a previous reincarnation of myself. Honestly if this were true there would be more me's in the world than anything else. Beautiful game that after a dozen or so respawns I am now bored with. I bought this, but unless some things change I probably won't play through unless I get bored with my other games. However since I buy Early Access I accept responsability enough to not ask for my money back. The game works within perameters of an early access game. Perhaps bug killer and some storyline polish will make this a welcome addition to my favorites list. For now though it stays in the dungeon of forgotten things on my steam list"
,Not Recommended,427880,30450610,Posted: 11 March,all,Mr Holiday,"[Current Build: v0.1.0.18]Date: 12/03/2017-------------------------------You go to a hipster paradise of teslas, renewable energy sources, energy efficient vape collectors, unbias sexual preference lattes, and all compromising emotions are optional, they even give you a shiny applewatch and free standing bed.-------------------------------The state of the game is unoptimized, and a few game breaking bugs, however while I have not explored it all, a large portion of the map is available, and the loot system seems to be RNG, this also includes how you get constructions, that are gained through containers and enemies,  so far I have come across 3-4 basic zombie enemy variants, and 2 robot types.Surface value of the game after 3 hours, you are just thrown into a world with no guidance and just your fists, you can't make anything, unless through buildings like hydro-pods, and only get these through looting. The enemies will stumble towards you, as long as they aren't doing their universal brazilian dance fighting, you won't run into too much problems. When it comes to making a base camp, this will be difficult, as currently you have to rely on the RNG for the very constructions you need to make a working camp, then there is the storage in your inventory, as these constructions will take up 1/5 of your starter inventory space, and while you can increase your inventory space, it is also based on RNG upgrade drops or vendor purchase, if it is available.Cutting this short now, the game is there, it just needs tweaks, optimizing, and such, but it does have a degree of uniqueness, I have yet to run into the character in the trailers, however I do hope they can work as a companion, as much as I and doubtful.------------------------------------TL:DR It's early access, it isn't optimized, but a base game is there and it's pretty."
76561198273089403,Recommended,427880,30414707,Posted: 9 March,all,cerberus,YES IT OFTEN FREEZES AT LOADING SCREENANDIN GRAPHICS MENU I CANNOT SELECT any RESOLUTION only 1920x 1080..no change between 2k and 4k possible ?????????!!!!!!!!!!!!????????
,Recommended,427880,32486211,Posted: 16 June,all,♣ G♥h♥o♥s♥T ♣,Very nice game ^^
76561198174023730,Not Recommended,427880,30479553,Posted: 12 March,all,pig-attack,"Looks good, plays good although I still dont know how to play it:)/edit on 15.03.17well the game is super buggy and feels emptier than No Mans SkyI cant even respawn correctly.Well to be fair, I like the game and devs are trying hard to make this better, even with the negative review, I suggest to follow the game if you like System shock.Overall good game, I like to wonder around Eden"
76561198143682062,Not Recommended,427880,30422547,Posted: 10 March,all,Medias,"It is with a heavy heart, that I write this review. I had been waiting for this game, for over a month after I'd seen it in my queue, and was saddened when they pushed the date back. I hastily bought the game after I had gotten home from work, and the crashing issue is terrible, it can still be played if you're willing to wait for the game to respond, but be forewarned, it will happen A LOT right now. This issue alone is what causes me to not recommend the game. I'll definitely change this review once this problem is resolved."
,Not Recommended,427880,32679795,Posted: 23 June,all,TomoYoko,This lighting and contrast... I can't even force myself to play more than 20 minutes...
76561198062095627,Not Recommended,427880,30887078,Posted: 1 April,all,mjemerson,"Not quite sure what the aim of this game is, to be honest. It's a bit slow and tends to freeze occasionally but such are the perils of Early Access. It's slightly annoying having to scan everything before finding out that a container is empty or doesn't contain anything worth taking, and there's only so long you can survive using your fists - there doesn't seem to be any weapons even though I seem to be endlessly picking up ammo.....weird. If you're looking for a game with some action and a bit of adventure, P.A.M.E.L.A. probably isn't for you. And since there's no save ability, once you die you start again in the cryo tank you woke up in (with no explanation as to why you're there in the first place other than it's a good basis for a futuristic game) it's unlikely I'll keep playing - it does get boring quickly especially if you're doing the same old stuff over and over because you got hit in the face by a zombie."
76561198000717141,Not Recommended,427880,32679351,Posted: 23 June,all,Peeps,"Looks like a cool concept, especially haveing just played Prey (2017), but it is literally unplayable at this point.  Locked up 5 seconds in on the first tutorial screen twice in a row; bad even by early access standards.  Hold off for now."
,Not Recommended,427880,32707630,Posted: 23 June,all,jmd7231,Good Idea in concept but super GPU intensive and horribly opptimised my gpu usage was stuck at 100% of all 120 games I have ive never seen such a gpu used game. If they fix that and the movement and maybe make it less confusing where you have to go this game is like a maze the map doesnt even work properly if you go down levels its not even on the correct floor. The idea is different for this kinda of sub genre they still have a lot of work I will say the graphics are very nice and if they fix up the game more to make it easier to understand where you are and optimize I could see this game doing better but as it stands it still has a lot of work to do. My verdict wait for it to update more.
,Recommended,427880,30518399,Posted: 14 March,all,epicpriest117,IT HAS ALOT OF BUGS AND THINGS THAT NEED TO BE FIXED BUT OVERALL THE GAME IS PRETTY COOL BESIDES LOOSEING ALL OF YOUR STUFF BUT ITS FINE I LIKE THE SIZE OF THE MAP WIS IT WAS BIGGER BUT ITS A WORK IN PROGRESS AND I HOPE THIS GAME GETS ALOT OF ATTENTION AND ALOT OF PEOPLE PLAYING OH....PLZ ADD CO OP AND GUNS
76561197992684692,Not Recommended,427880,30472204,Posted: 12 March,all,Aldun,"As of right now (March 2017) I can not recommend the game to anyone, based on purely technical reasons.I just timed my initial loading screen: It takes 7 minutes for the game to load on a machine that can run games like Witcher 3 and Fallout 4 on High Settings. This is not helped by the message on the loading screen, informing me that the game might look like it's crashing during loading times. Guys, if you are aware of such a fundamental issue, your game is not ready for sale.Once I am past the loading screen, the game is still laggy and prone to crashing when I attempt to change the settings while it is running.A clear refund right now. The expected EA-time of less than a year seems wildly opptimistic for a game that has significant technical issues and is not complete yet content-wise."
,Recommended,427880,30736794,Posted: 25 March,all,DieEhftiem,Love this game!
76561198084935483,Not Recommended,427880,30411489,Posted: 9 March,all,iMSaiyan,"Man, it's with a heavy heavy heart that I FOR NOW, do not recommend this game. The game takes 5 minutes to load...and this is permadeath so you're going to have to load A LOT. Besides that, you just get ploped into a room even with the ""tutorial mode"" on - it doesn't really tell you what to do, except how to control the combat. The inventory, stats, upgrades are so confusing looking and takes so long to bring up as well, in a crisis situation you may just die.Besides that, I did play long enough to get of the original building, everything looks beautiful but you'll freeze or lag at some parts randomly - not sure what upgrades is supposed to look like so never found those, the writings on a lot of the stuff is REALLY small as well so it's hard to read stuff in the game. The fighting is a bit clunky, you hit them but you never know when you really get hit - like the animation when they hit you is very weird you don't even see it so you die a lot....so far....I had a lot of expectations for this one too :((("
76561198027207686,Not Recommended,427880,30746319,Posted: 26 March,all,Julien,"I like the creepy / horror genre so naturally this game caught my attention.At this time, I feel that it's preferable to wait further development before buying it.This game has good potential: it looks really great, it's creepy and the setting is fantastic. It's definitely something I would enjoy once bugs have been fixed and some content has been added. I've only played about an hour, and would have played longer if my progress hadn't been wiped / reset twice by updates / patches.Anyway, a few things that bugged me after an hour of playtime:1) The game starts without any preface; no intro, nothing. I know it's early access, but I think a CGI intro would have been nice. I hope they add one in the future.2) Movement feels a bit awkward (slight lag between key input and character movement). I don't know if this is intentional or if my GPU can't handle it (GTX970, 16GB ddr4)3) UI is a bit confusing and navigating through the menu / inventory feels like a chore. Some features are interesting but moving/using items from / to containers is kind of annoying.I'm not recommending this game at the moment; probably would have if my saves hadn't been wiped.Looking forward to the commercial release"
76561198022332608,Not Recommended,427880,30884274,Posted: 1 April,all,Dantes,"To sum up, this game is a whole load of grind inbetween crashes. At times the crashes come so frequent, maybe every 5 - 10 minutes, you just don't wan to play anymore. Grinding for loot, ruuning from or killing the same enemies, permadeath, rinse and repeat. I'm surprised a game in this state is actually for sale. Don't know the terms of Early Access but they must be really lax."
76561197999931141,Not Recommended,427880,30974912,Posted: 6 April,all,ƦƐcƬum WƦƐcƘēƦ ²,"game has potential but already after few hours of playing i discorverd many huge bugs in the base mechanics-it sometimes stops letting u save, it wont go away. no way of progress-the storage boxes dissappear after restarting the game with all the loot-the power core (importend item for base building)  dissappears also after restarting-u can get to some areas but not back, so u basicly have to start a new game and wont get XP for survival time etc-the waterplant doesnt let u fill bottles even when at 100% capacity-the planter box for growing food doesnt work to-the enemys often phantomhit you even when u stunned them (recieving dmg without attack animation)- a bug they makes your fist keep staying out, without visor you wont see your hpthis can also make your inventory totaly glitch outwith thoose major bugs gone i can see this game beeing decent,pricetag of 20 bugs seem like a good deal for this game, just be patient and wait for 1-2 patches befor buying"
76561198008107209,Not Recommended,427880,30528086,Posted: 15 March,all,timconroy,"This game is a huge waste of time.  I cannot criticize the concept, but the gameplay is impossible.  It takes forever to load the game, start ups take a very long time to load and the game freezes up if you look at it cross eyed.  They need to make a whole lot of changes to these problems before the game even begins to be playable.  Don't waste your money for some time to come until they get these download issues fixed.  BIG WASTE...I WANT MY MONEY BACK."
76561198031857557,Not Recommended,427880,32857649,Posted: 27 June,all,Shadowlee,"dont buy this game, i cant play it unless i turn off my firewall, aniyvirus. which is kaspersky, because finds it a trojan when it saves and deletes the exe file. it it posted on the bug forum for 2 months now and the developer says jus turn off your firewall to play, something no one should do, im getting a refund for a game that cant pass a well known antivirus program."
76561198119030589,Recommended,427880,31534884,Posted: 3 May,all,cnunez,2 thumbs up!
,Not Recommended,427880,30413937,Posted: 9 March,all,Samsson Hydenbjörk,Took me about 1 hour to load the game and then it froze and crashed.Tried to launch it several times but unsuccesfully.This game has major performance issues and until it is fixed i would NOT recommend it.
,Not Recommended,427880,30639464,Posted: 20 March,all,Greg,"TLDR: Given the price of this game I can not recommend it. It has serious issues that the developpers don't seem to know how to fix, causing crashes very frequently. If you're interested in this game, wait a few months.No amount of sending crash logs seems to help, and clearly the issue isn't memory usage (32 GB of RAM and 8 GB of VRAM aren't used past half capacity), and at best it's a bit choppy, at wrose the game freezes for a few seconds, while you're wondering if it's crashing to the desktop or just doing its usual freezing, which is not related to the game saving.The loading screen is a bit on the long side (3'40"" from an NVME SSD, can't imagine how long it takes from a HDD), so adding that to the very frequent crashes makes getting anywhere in the game very long. To top it all off, it is not rare to lose everything on loading a save (essentially restarting the game for you).The visuals are great, although not extraordinary. The overall looks is really good, very slick and futuristic looking, there seems to be a rich back story too.There some variety to enemies, without too much of a spoiler think about Dying Light, with the run of the mill zombies posing no threat, and different tougher zombies with various capabilities.There is character progression, which is the only thing that remains... no matter what (i.e. you can't even start that from scratch).It might eventually become a good game, but I have to evaluate the game as it is now, and for the price they are asking, I have to recommend against purchsing it."
76561198251594512,Not Recommended,427880,30411143,Posted: 9 March,all,Supra 2JZGTE,"Constant crashes - that only an ALT-F4 will resolve.  Weird intro scene interrupted then BOOM im standing in a room.  5+ minute load time initially - I think I'm going to refund until this gets resolved.  I don't mind early access, but completely unplayable is not worth my money.Looks like it will be cool though once it is working.  I'll be following you guys.  Good luck."
76561198256370106,Not Recommended,427880,30412220,Posted: 9 March,all,KillerzeroXD,the game is good but the problem is it take alot of time to load and it crash and its many bugs and little bit wired when i spawn back and i saw my self flying inside the rom that was wired and please fix
76561198011947943,Not Recommended,427880,34699494,Posted: 2 September,all,Frostbitten,"In the future, you will have amazing holographic weapons that do... no damage. Because they are HOLOGRAPHIC! Find this awesome energy sword thing, have to give a low level enemy like 8 hits before it dies, then I have to sneak around because after like 6 hits, it runs out of power! Most frustrating game ever. Its really pretty, but the gameplay is horrid."
,Not Recommended,427880,33063808,Posted: 30 June,all,WarInternal,Permadeath has and always will be a♥♥♥♥♥♥game mechanic.
76561198101346854,Recommended,427880,32288589,Posted: 9 June,all,OneBloodNaro,i love this game but why if i stan a place that place have full of infected ?
76561198052662745,Not Recommended,427880,30748445,Posted: 26 March,all,XPAIN,"After only 30 mins of playing this game i had to stopThe game itself looks really good and have some awesome mechanics, but the overall experience gets ruined by the constant framerate drop, freezes and crashes.Even though this game is early access with a price of 23 euros it shouldn't have so many framerate drops and really long loading screens.I do believe that with some more time in DEV this game could be really fantastic and give people a nice horror experienceBut as the game is now i would say wait for it to be updated and fix regerding the framerate, loading screens, freezes and crashes."
,Not Recommended,427880,30784186,Posted: 27 March,all,[LPG] HueyHadAStroke,"I went in expecting a game, but I came out with a slideshow that crashs when you chnage any video setting, and had a max frame rate of 30, even on my system which I'll admit, is no beast, but it gets the job done most of the time. The loading screens take ages (and yes, they do let you know thins but that doesn't fix the problem. All in all, might have been a good game, if the damn thing even worked."
76561198008379981,Not Recommended,427880,33662648,Posted: 19 July,all,Passion,"Dont bother, it needs another 2 - 3 years of work."
76561198038645743,Not Recommended,427880,31908175,Posted: 22 May,all,chaos serpant,many glitches to work out still
76561198058618065,Not Recommended,427880,32753399,Posted: 24 June,all,Enzo_TheSniperDoggy,"The constant fps drops are a definite no go, fix this crap before you pull out of early access. Oh and the voice actor for pamela is garbage"
,Not Recommended,427880,30411415,Posted: 9 March,all,TransparentNinja,cant even get past the loading screen without the game crashingat least steam doesnt crash when i click refund
,Not Recommended,427880,30562898,Posted: 16 March,all,RoshelleLD,"This game seemed like it would be amazing and I really wanted to believe that it would be. Some of the minor issues that I ran into was the lack of instruction and the game controls.  ... I am a streamer, and have to worry about how well the game will stream.  The deal breaker for this game was the lighting.  It was really dark and no way to adjust the gamma.   So not only could I see nothing, but my stream looked like I was playing just darkness with a spot here and there.  The one time that I got attacked, I could only hear it; swing and pray.  I would love to try again if the lighting issue was fixed."
76561198088979908,Not Recommended,427880,31127906,Posted: 13 April,all,Sugarfruit33,"I really want to like this game but I just can't. It's too buggy to function, and I could barely get it to load at first. I'd recommend getting this game at full release. Early Access was a bad move."
76561198373984781,Not Recommended,427880,34182488,Posted: 11 August,all,mithrillionlol,I just bought the game but i cant even get out off the first room. I see everyone pushing the door button on youtube videos but nothing works what i try to open that god damn door. Really frustrating that i cant do anything.
76561198076629609,Not Recommended,427880,31131040,Posted: 14 April,all,happyskunky,Asked for a refund after 12 minutes.  I can't stand games that give NO tutorial or explination on how to do anything in the beginning.
,Recommended,427880,30416439,Posted: 9 March,all,Duke Of Jam,"Ok... I really want to like this. The premise is awesome, and from the bits I was able to play, was cool. However, its a glitchy mess. My biggest issue is the input bugs. Sometimes when I use my scanner, my character will punch, then I can't use my scanner anymore, then I couldn't use my one weapon that I found. I made the mistake of attacking a security bot and it killed me. My next character came around and the bot was still hostile, and I couldn't use my weapons to fight back. I don't know if the bots are just gonna be hostile forever, because that would essentially stop me for good.The lag is also a huge issue. Upon respawning, the audio for the awakening started but my video froze in the pod and it lagged about 10 seconds behind the audio until I was out of the pod.I want to try the combat more but the input bugs and the loss of frames makes it nearly impossible.I reccomend this with a grain of salt. Its a buggy mess but the potential is theremy rig: Intel(R) i7-4770 with GTX 970 MSI"
,Recommended,427880,30417995,Posted: 9 March,all,Adam Christmas,AWSOME GAME BUT CRASH
,Recommended,427880,30410619,Posted: 9 March,all,unsoggycardboard,"EDIT: Load screen can take about 10-15 minutes, there's a period at the halfway load mark where it either crashes or allows me to play the game. Solid start, but I'd wait until the issue is looked into further (or maybe I'm just impatient). Either way take this with a grain of salt as I'm going to be keeping the game in my library as I follow the developer's progress.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Constant crashing on load screen. Not recomended until this is fixed. Also I noticed within the game settings that my screen resolution was incorrectly listed as 1920x1080 (which is not my screens resolution) with no way for me to change this... Hopefully this gets fixed so I can play, looks like an amazing game."
,Recommended,427880,30450221,Posted: 11 March,all,DEFCON.1 / TML | ...,"P.A.M.E.L.A, for playing only two hours I am pleasantly surprised. This game has a big potenciel. Many bugs are present but this is only an early access. It would be nice to add the French language at the interface, and optimize a can the game even if it is already optimize well. I am very happy to be able to play this game. Sorry for my english."
,Recommended,427880,30464810,Posted: 11 March,all,Rei Ryghts,"*update* I recommend this game in the long run but not right now, this memory leak stuff combined with some of the glitches are annoying as hell, there's this one glitch where I can't walk and only dodge to move around and when u kill enemies they keep breathing as if still alive among other glitches. Get this game months from now(March 12, 2017).I'm really liking the game however, there's a HUGE issue with it. The game has memory leak problems. I played for 4 hours and by the 3rd hour and so mark, it was super slow and unplayable like Dragon Quest Heroes 1 and 2 on the Nintendo Switch lol! (in other words like sh*t)Also I hope this is cause the game is super early but where da waifu at?! i've yet to see the robot grill show up..... :("
,Recommended,427880,30436022,Posted: 10 March,all,Cuddles the Dalek,"**Keep in mind that this IS early access, and so bugs are to be expected. I've had multiple crashes, freezing, long load times, and assorted bugs.**This game is fantastic. I am a sucker for atmosphere and immersion, and the Metro games are some of my favourites for their gritty, plausible post-apocalyptic design and attention to small details. In PAMELA, the extremely minimal HUD creates immersion, especially with your map, inventory, and other tools being mounted to a display on your arm. In-game prompts and info is almost entirely done on the items in the world, instead of being displayed as a floating text box on a HUD. Again, immersion and atmosphere!Movement feels clunky at first, but it feels more natural once you realize that it mimics normal movement, rather than your character going from a standstill to a gold-medal sprint in under a second. After a while I found myself getting more and more drawn in and attached to my character, because it was easier to imagine that I was them.Graphically, it is a beautiful game, and I am in love with the audio. As long as the team continues to develop and fix this game, it is not one to be missed."
