user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007488824,Recommended,427950,19772518,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Murigrim,"The game is updated regularly and so far I am happy with my purchase!A VERY VERY early access game.it has potential but right now its unpolished and needs  alot of work.I will update my review as I play it more.right now character creation is very basic with only one type of person to make but multiple outfits to pick from.the male and female both Look the same.the survivor management in the camp section seems to be okthe actual controlling of the character is strange to me but fairly easy to pick up.I have noticed multiple light glitchs and bugs in the game but nothing too game breaking.the main character for some reason seems small compared to the surroundings - IE doors and things.It is not all bad though, the atmosphere of the game around the city feels right and really helps to immerse you into the game - the sounds and such add to thisCONTROLSQ - stealth (crouch)E - JumpWASD  - movementSHIFT - Sprintthe controls below work when you have found the item1 - Rifle2 - Pistol3 - Melee WeaponPress the number for the item you need, then after he has equipped it, push the middle mouse button in to enter and exit combat mode.Only get this game if you are interested in supporting the product, as the game itself needs alot of work right nowRemember if you found this helpful give it a thumbs up!"
,Recommended,427950,20483570,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RvB Caboose,"I want to like this game so much. But it's a crapshoot. It is pretty detailed in that you make camp, then proceed to fortify and defend while maintaining survival skills and needs such as food shelter and defense. However every mission you go on has a pass/fail percentage. While these pass/fail percentages are fine, what you find and what your reward is is not. I had a hard time picking up the resources I needed to make my camp self sustained. It was a 60/40 grindfest/fun.  The potential for this game is through the roof, I hope they work out the kinks to make this the game it could be.Positives:Pretty detailed and varied abilities, such as farm, kennel, walls, sandbag crafting etc.Base building is fun, altho a grindfest for materialsRandomness to it, with bad weather, zombie raids, and moreNegatives:The locations you discover need to have details about whats there, ie wood, metal, etc. I mean you scouted it, you should knowGrinding feels a bit tense at timesThe potential is here, lets hope they realize it.6/10 so far."
76561197971627168,Recommended,427950,20270298,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GentleOne,"newest Update.Game continues to evolve gettting better with time still fun to play even though i havent gotten to it alot the last monthUpdate,they continue to Update on an almost half weeekly basis, feedback is implementent and you actually see your suggestions and feedback in the changelogs. Long time since i saw something like that.Hmm well...,this game is fun. Do you know the Browser Game ""the Last Stand"" a flash game. It's like this only nicer Graphics and a bit more complex. The scaveging part is fun as that is the FPS part, but you also get a simulation were you build your base, look for food , harvest amterials. And the More survivors you find in the FPS part the bigger your camp gets.Downside those useless bags of meat also want food. So send them on the hunting missions or scouting.My only downside cureetly is I have a TOP end machine , and this game draws on your CPU like crazy my Inter5 6600 goes into overdrive and the fans of my R9 390 Blow like a Nuclear powerplant. So they will need to get that optimized other than that, of alot of Zombie games i Played this one is Top 2. And for the price of under 10€ Go for it.GentleOne"
76561198084784666,Recommended,427950,20898280,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Bat-Flash,you got H1Z1 and dayz but you don't want to play online  get this gameyou got 7 day to die but it's too buggy get this gameyou got projet zomboid but wan't a 3D game get this gameyou got a steam account ? get this game
,Recommended,427950,23865722,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fabiolus,"I opted to give a review after 10+hrs of play time. I would recommend not being fooled by review with less than 0.4 hrs of gameplay since those types of individuals imo are addicted to the refund mechanism of Steam only and troll reviews.I am amazed on how nice this game is in its state, I am a fanatic of survival games and found this title buried within Steam sale. Not only you venture in an open world looking for loot while killing zombies you actually need to take care of your camp and survivors you find along the way.Among the numerous guns, sub machine guns you find you also have to fight bandits to gain control of valuable resources. This title is keeping me on my toes at all time and this is what I want in a survival game. become the leader of a group and maintain morale and reputation through the journey.Its a nice game for sure, I hope the devs keep updating and introducing new sites so we can explore further but also keeping in mind game content and not derive from the main goal.for the price I paid I say this is a nice game to add to your library, it is at this time a SP mode game which is fine by me because I dont believe in MP games anymore where all is exploited etc...Dont hesitate be part of the community and enjoy this nice title!"
,Recommended,427950,24528588,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Grand Dad,"At first, I purchased this game as a joke, I came in expecting trash. So perhaps I just enjoyed this game by comparison. But ♥♥♥♥ it, this is actually a decent game, with a lot of potential. On to the actual review.I'll to the typical thing and just start with pros and cons.Pros,+Fun concept+Somewhat interesting loot system+Decently done survival gameplay+Neat crafting systemCons,-Really poor optimization-Graphics mostly consist of pre made assets-Pretty clunky controlsIn general it's an alright game with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of potential. I recommend you support the dev and see what they do with future updates.6.9/10"
,Recommended,427950,20131420,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TriFG.PudgeWiggle,"For an Early Access game I'd say CM Softworks nailed it! This game has features that most games don't implement until the Beta stage. They may be small features, but they're still there! This game has provided me with 10 hours of suspense, and zombie slaying fun! If you like games where you get to kill zombies, earn/spend skill points (on three attributes at the moment) and manage your own survival shelter then this game is perfect for you. Not many zombie games give you the ability to loot cities in real time, and manage a camp where you can build Farms to have a food supply, and a Radio Tower so you can communicate with other known camps! There are many more things to create that help your camp grow and survive. You can even simulate the ability to search for other areas to loot, and you can choose to loot them in real time or simulate the loot phase.  This game has you make some serious decisions too. An example: ""There is a horde of zombies spotted near your camp. This will conclude in Two Phases"". So you have to think; Is the camp ready? Is your defense rating where it needs to be? Should you run out into the city to grab supplies before they get to the camp? If there is no one at your camp to fight off the horde of zombies then they overrun it and you lose it so you have to get everything done in the alotted time given. There are different types of zombies as well. They're not just your standard infected walking around. Currently there is ""The Crawler"" (The nickname I gave her; She can be spotted with her blonde hair) and ""The Boss"" (He's easily recognizable. These zombies have the chance to drop rare loot, but take excessive amounts of damage so I recommend a weapon with a good amount of ammo. Randomly throughout the game you will see a bright shinging light (Red or Green so far) and that spawns a loot crate. Green Flare=Resources Red Flare= Weapons. Where will you put all this loot? There is a Storage system at your camp that can be upgraded to hold more things! You just need the right materials.  There is a small part to the camp management that I haven't used personally yet but it's there. The ability to craft ""Homemade"" weapons and ammo using materials that are looted.   Here's my Pros and Cons list so far:Pros-Zombies-Looting System-Different Type of Zombies-Camp Management-EXP System-Unique Zombie/Player Animations-Weapon Rarity System-Durability Ratings for Weapons/Clothing (Although Clothing doesn't decay yet)-Ability to Rescue/Recruit Survivors-Working Random Loot System (No location is the same)-Small Material Crafting System-You can SlideCons-Hit Boxes for Zombies are not the Greatest (You might take a hit when you shouldn't have)-Camera Movement is a bit Funky/Takes awhile to get used to-Finding Survivors is sometimes a pain*****The time it takes to get from ""Morning"" to ""Night"" is Really Short***** (Fixed in Last Patch)-There's not an Easier way to Find Survivors-Ability to Control Where your Attack Goes (It just follows in one direction until the animation is done)So all in all there is some Pros and Cons. The Cons can/will be fixed. The company is pushing out updates every few days. They listen to the consumer, and act on what everyone would like to see. You can currently vote on different additions that you would like to see in the game and that is checked daily by the developers. I recommend this game at it's current (on sale and base price) and with where it's headed this game will be an amazing addition to the zombie era of gaming."
76561198167588164,Recommended,427950,21019442,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Makeke,"Got it to support the devs as I like where it is going.If you like Dead State + State of decay then you should (in theory) like this.Feedback to devs- Yes there are things to fix here such as:- The campsite leaves me feeling wanting,  campsite feels it's at it's barebones and the ""out in the world"" seems more advanced.- The combat is sluggish and feels laggy from a player side, when I swing I feel like i'm doing it in slow motion.- I want to make my survivors more interactive (I know you are doing this devs and it will be awesome when done)- It just feel like there are not enough supplies out there to scavenge and it feels super grindy- Please please make co-op sites where I can join up with others because they are too hard (bloodborne does it so well, I know 100% diff game but still they do it well).- The campsite is just ugly, I want to see the buildings I build! I wish I could walk around it and have it as a 3D model vs a txt model.  Refer to Dead State when I talk about walk around it.Once this is finished it will be an AMAZING game, I love what the devs are doing. I have been waiting for a game like this for a very long time."
,Recommended,427950,24528795,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,PvtHopscotch,"I will start off by admitting that this game does have some rough edges, as with any early access game. However, rough edges aside, there is some real potential displayed here and I quite enjoy loading it up after every update and checking out the new content.Potential alone usually doesn't mean a whole lot these days, many games had it in droves and still ended up dead. However, seeing how committed and active the Dev team is really makes me confident that we will all see their vision for the game realized. They listen to feedback, update regularly and truely seem passionate about their project.All that said, the game IS rough in places, it is an alpha. So if you want a refined, shiney experience maybe just hit the follow button and regularly check in on it's progress. Know what you're getting yourself into before you drop money on something all willy nilly and then leaving a bad review because you didn't get what you expected. It's not fair to the developers nor the folks interested in the game. Not to say legit criticism shouldn't be levied but playing for an hour, leaving a♥♥♥♥♥♥review then refunding the game is a pretty crappy practice when the game is changing so much, so often.If you do however like testing new things, participating in feedback, finding/reporting bugs, etc then this really is a project I would recommend you check out! It lacks refinement but that comes later. The framework they are building is really shaping up to be awesome, there is fun to be had with it already and I hope the team and game gets the attention it deserves!"
76561198036333006,Recommended,427950,20716749,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Julio,I like it. Quite a nice mix between management and action. It does not have a lot of content at the moment and has a lot of bugs (Early access) but it´s quite clear where the developers want to do with the game. If you are a zombie fan just buy it.
76561198104089191,Recommended,427950,23377848,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bushi Neko,"Another Early Access from another small team.Not a bad little game at all so far.Keys to the future of note;Multi player is planned.  The Dev ( as usual ) has answered countless times on that. The answer being, MP / and or Co op in the plans. Info available on details in the Forum.More character customization.  Currently you do have both Male and Female models. But at the start of the game you can only change the character menu portrait and the starting clothing look.and of course.. all the usual things that go with an EA.I did not follow this from the start. I only looked it over today and did some research. The post and reports show it has changed much since it first arrived. That is always a plus. It also shows relevant answers from the Dev team often in the forum.Game play wise, it is not a fast pace start off in the thick of it type Zombie game. Its a strange twist on several approaches to Zed gaming fans. First it is based on camp / survivor management. The system is simple to figure out and work with. Includes a quick in your face tutorial on getting started in the camp section. The UI is not the prettiest, but it serves well for now.Then the ' sort'a ' open world. This is a ' sort'a ' moment because you dont just walk around an open world.  You start the game with knowledge of your general surroundings, but it is pretty limited. You learn more by assigning scouts to go and snoop. Once that is done you find either new fixed locations or event type. Fixed are sections of an area, say like a part of a residential zone. Events are like finding an abandoned camp, or a derelict vehicle, junk site etc. You then assign a team member to head out. Now comes the ' sort'a '. This takes place on an over the shoulder character. You have to have boots on the ground to explore, find items, equipment etc.Combat is simple and varied. Different stats of the team member allow different affects. For example my high strength member can do a special move via double click RM and kill pretty much each time. My less buff can do the move.. but she has yet to kill on a first time strike. She is however much better with her firearm. See how that works?Keys are mapped in the oddest fashion I ve ever seen. You just have to look to probably agree. But you can re-map with no problems. Movement is the normal.. other keys are weird. MAKE SURE you look and / or re-map.CLIMBING on cars... this is important. Lesson learned. The first ' easy ' or ' baby ' zone it is not like it is other places. No idea why. After you leave the first area when you approach a vehicle at a climb / jump point you get a prompt.  In the first area you just cant get on them at all. You can however climb on a van.. its weird to read.. but if you experience you will get it.  No problems after the first area as I said tho'.Finding loot... its hard. Its supposed to be. Unlike many games that just hand you finds.. other than obvious boxes laying around or tool chest, you have to look. You will find things like food, medicine, water, gear, weapons, and of course ammo. But its not marked with shiny lights or arrows to glowing boxes of goodies.  But it does give you a nice prompt when you do find it.. so you can ' sort'a ' just mouse around and make some finds that might not be obvious. But you have to be close to them.  BUILDING materials etc are usually easy finds. They are in boxes or took boxes. Easy being relative to the amounts tho'. Areas with an abundance are not easy to walk into and out of. Easy to pick areas are pretty empty.Nice thing. When your out exploring you can leave the area via ESC and return to camp.. which causes a 10 second countdown, during which you are vulnerable.. so make sure your safe. Or you can walk out without the delay.Overall, with its current EA price of $9.99 US its not a bad little thing.  But at its current state its not going to be for everyone. I see myself enjoying it, but not in large doses. More of a slow and steady time. BUT ON THAT. Not all the enemies are push over brain dead Zeds... that you will see on your own.."
,Recommended,427950,24224030,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,bbryulvl3,"When I first saw The Withering I was cautious, it looked like another game that is a huge scam(the health bar is what made me think it was THAT game just given a different name) but thankfully it isn't since it started out with singleplayer(Multiplayer is in closed beta) and will keep single player when the game is finished.  I would say that The Withering has the potential to be one of the better zombie survival management games out there.(The only other one that comes to mid is state of decay)  Your main task is to find supplies to keep your camp going, finding other survivors to increase your camp size so you can build upgrades to help your camp thrive.  You can send your survivors out to gather resources on missions too.  As of right now there is 3 locations you can go to scavenge for supplies(The newest map has a mission that you do to get some better loot.  You can also see that they have plans to expand this map as well as add new missions), there is also a freeroam map in the works.The gunplay is good, it could be better but it is EA so it will more than likely get improved as time goes on.  Melee definetly need some improvement but it could be worse(if you time your swing right regular zombies can fall with one hit).  Zombie can sneak up on you if your not paying attention(especially crawlers) but the normal ones die from a single headshot.I will say that you should ignore the negative review that have less than 5 hours, because it takes about that long to get a feel for the game and whether or not you'll like it.Overall, I'd say that I would recommend this game for the price of $10 since it has the potential."
,Recommended,427950,21798414,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sephtis,"I just bought this game along with 4 others, had $50 to blow so picked up a few low priced ones that looked good. I seen the reviews and check out the game, and  it seemed like something I could play here or there. Now that I have actually played it, I can say I really enjoy it and it has surpassed my expectations.This game is like a mix of This War of Mine (camp management), A 3D Project Zomboid, DayZ and a little something of it's own that pulls it all together.Now I won't say this game is for everyone, yet if you like the game I mentioned above, and are tired of the endless killing other zombie games eventually end up at. This is a game I would recommend.10/10 would randomly buy again.worth the price, would suggest grabbing now while it's cheap."
,Recommended,427950,22890790,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Xas,"Graphics,Not to bad, since I prefer higher performance than visual in most game, isn't really an issue with my usual all low settings.The game does runs smoothly 98% of the time i have spent on it, shooting zombies/ bandits, switching weaponaries and opening newly included supplies containers are fluid.*The effect of the bright Burning Flames from objects like cars, rubbles, buildings and barrels look realistic but seems to be overwhelming, might cause lags and stutters when in the vicinity for the lesser systems.Just occasional laggy and glitchy.Audio,Keeps me on my toes, with the errie background music and effects of zombies.In some situations out of Fov, zombies are like ninjas, they approached you in silence and next you hear it groar, by your ear.Be alert to step back or strafe when you do hear any unusuals.Game PlayDecent management of survivors aspect, BUTcould have alot more room for improvements on the Interface of the production and storage windows, frequently required to switch back and fro to check the quantity of materials in the storage if it satisfy the production recipes shows much inconvenience.Enlarging the Equipment window while out in the world to view more slots, rather than scrolling up and down the few lines of inventory would be much more convenient.Alittle Transparency of the window frames so to allow for attention to the backgrounds while accessing the Equipment window in the world would be very helpful.Equipment window is totally Opaque and blocking the center view of the instance you in.*Most times, the zombies kill you, but its due to the Window blocking your view in the split seconds, due to your carelessness.*Storage is a little tacky, its understandable when you go hunting for resources, you can only carry so much on you while you move, but*the Camp's storage, even at max Storage level capacity, it is quite limited,frequently have to throw away a good gun/ mod/ items, to perhap make room from a stack of ammo which maybe needed for the next run.Would be strange that Camp storage is so limited when population is little on a vast land with zombies all over, but you couldn't store more, as most likes to hoards and stock up.Much of the excitment would be going into the real time instances searching for weapons/ satisfier/ materials, shooting the zombies and trying to stay alive, and awaiting the opening of the many new areas, the dev(s) are working on.Would become a task to be completed regularly just to find that so very much needed 'metal'.Metal resource is really the sole resource you need in the game which is too heavily relying on it, that makes other resource category insignificant, due to their abundance and usage.Making the game basically a  ' Miner's ' game, farming for metal resource is your way of life until you fulfil your arsenal of equipments for your survivors.A button to point and destroy an object/item in real instances would be handy, rather than constantly picking up every item you see lying around into the inventory and clicking to destroy , just to force new respawns.Could use more implementations of varieties of Zombies (gets boring seeing the same 3-4 faces of the same zombies every corner, upcoming new Areas, Optimizations for smoother gameplay, Customization of characters, multiplayer modes and MORE Convenient Accessing of hub windows.Inconvenience, Lack of Purpose, storage and 'Metal' is the major cons I feel the game is having.Smooth play and seemingly dedicated dev team are the major pro.My Opinionhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/427950/discussions/0/357288572116511499/"
76561198083060022,Recommended,427950,20137098,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Russell Murfee,"This is a great game so far, with an even greater potential.It is a camp management style game where you can deploy to live action stuff at any point you'd like.Side note: I had a small bug in this game, so I went to the discussion via Steam to see what the deal was. A developer responded to me within ten minutes to ask me questions about my problem and then included a fix for me in the patch that was scheduled for the next day. I've never had a developer be this attentive to their community and it was a welcome change."
76561198157516197,Recommended,427950,21911868,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Game Prodigy,"Hands down this is the best zombie game I've played, if not the best game on steam - I'm completely addicted.  Its designation as Early Access is misleading, the current version feels more like a highly polished game and is already in class of its own.  It is teeming with things to collect, places to explore and endless hours of entertainment.  I've spent over a 100 hours already and I still feel like I've only scratched the surface.  I can't wait to see what they do next - you won't regret this purchase.Pros:Perfect combination of fps and base management.Huge number of weapons, craftable items and upgrades.Highly active and dedicated developers.You'd expect to pay $60 for content like this, the price is a steal.Cons:Navigation difficult at first.Finding items at first is frustrating.  Once you figure out where to look and where not to look, the game becomes much more manageable.Combat system confusing at first if you don't read the guides.The zombies aren't so OP or numerous that you're constantly hanging on for dear life.  However, poor planning, decision making or aim and they'll tear you apart.  Different areas provide different risks and rewards that you choose based on your current need, available resources and ability to survive.  It really feels like you stepped into the walking dead - something most games promise but rarely deliver.  Scavenging the materials you need to survive, keep healthy, protect and expand your camp is a constant battle.  It's the perfect blend of these two elements that make this game a true gem.Hints:1.) Read the guides before you play for combat tips and the basic map of the area - knowing how to properly melee and where you are on the map makes a huge difference.2.) Nightime is not pitch black if you wait for the moon to rise.  Find a safe place to wait it out, then continue scavenging until your backpack is completely filled with the items you need.  Leaving when it gets dark out means your camp has to survive on less than it has to."
,Recommended,427950,21183855,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ebbie Mack,"I recommend this game because even in its EA state it's worth the cost. The game is buggy (yeah, EA) and there is limited content but I found the game satisfyingly addictive, clocking a solid no llifer 8 hours play time my first day of owning the game.The game still has quite a long way to go but its obvious what the devs are attempting to do with the gam and I have no doubt when the game is out of EA it's going to be kickiass.The release date was Dec2015, so keep in mind that the game is a recent EA release not one of those games that have been in EA for years now. And the updates are significant for the most part too.My only real gripe is thaat I have to play a male character because females haven't been shoved in there yet, the option is there though so hopefully that will be soon."
76561198007546807,Not Recommended,427950,20675752,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,chrisjones32,"At present this game is at its very bare bones of EA, I would consider waiting to buy this game until a lot more is added, the combat in this game is weak to say the least and there is a severe lack of resourses which are needed to build your camp which is what you need to go further in the game, i reached well over a month of in game days to acheive nothing.ProsRegular updatesGood FPSVery promisingConsControls are terribleDated graphics (this could be overlooked if the game had alot more to do)Lack of usefull resourses (you go to cities junk yards etc and your lucky to get a scrap of wood I mean come on just from a scrap car you could take alsorts)BoringRepetativeNot much of a tutorialCombat is poor especially as if when youi first start out you have no weapon the only thing you can do is kick which has simply no effect on the zombiesLack of player customizeationTo end I would not advise buying this game at all in its current stage and I for one will not play this game until it has had atleast several major updates however it is promising and will if continues in the direction the devs say it will be a good game.definatley one to keep an eye onEDIT.So the game has got better to an extent, still has regular updates (however not in the direction i would like), a bit more of a tutorial, still a lack of usefull resourses and the combat is still very clunky as are the controls i still think that this game will turn out good as the devs are prety good at updating it however id still wait, the thing is if every body waits then i guess the game wont develop because of lack of funding so its a bit of a situation really.I really hope the game goes in the direction that is promised good luck Devs."
76561198232979232,Recommended,427950,23207766,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sidetrackx,"Well i figure after playing the game for now close to 100 hours i'd give my review, I like this game alot, it takes time to really get your camp started but when you do it has its own rewards, let me give a word of advice too- you will be wanting Metal alot and you will strive to get it.Also another tip is that you can climb on top of vehicles and jump to higher vehicles where survivors will be just standing there laughing at you for not knowing this! This game is addictive when you grasp what you want and need for your camp and there is always more than 1 way to get it, personally the pinpoint resources option will help you bigtime when you get it, dont forget it exists or you will suffer lol.I recommend this for multiple reason most being what i just covered let alone they are planning on multiplayer as well this has a ridiculous amount of potential and i would like to see more. I only wish you could climb vehicles on first map when the bigger zombies pop up lol."
76561197971370336,Recommended,427950,20303835,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Locke,"I’ve had a lot of fun playing this and really like what I have seen.  Early access or not this game has a lot in it to keep you entertained for hours at a time.  When I first started it took me a bit to find a decent weapon in the town so those karate kicks, however expertly delivered, took a while to take those buggers down.  I eventually found a crowbar which made scavenging the town a much more enjoyable experience.  From there I built my inventory of weapons/ammo and other goodies and really found it interesting to explore the town.  What I enjoy in these types of games is some suspense and this game definitely delivers that.  There were a number of times when the sun started to go down and the light got a little dimmer and I would be focusing on one thing or another and then have some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sneak up on me.  Made me jump a little especially with the creepy/suspenseful music playing.  Music for me is a big part of any good game and I liked what I heard so far.I really like the combination and balance between the live action scavenging and camp management.  It was fun to go out and scavenge for things you needed for that next building, camp upgrade, or new weapon I wanted to make.  It would be nice to be able to see specifically what materials you are picking up so you could decide what to keep or drop since you can only carry so much.  You can for guns, ammo, meds, etc. but not for some reason not materials.  I tried dropping some stuff in specific locations to come pick them up the next time but no luck.  It would also be nice to be able to hide items in a trunk or locker so you could get them the next time you’re in town.There is a lot to enjoy in this one so I don’t want to give too much away.  Overall I have had a lot of fun so far and am really looking forward to seeing what comes next.  As a side note, I have been impressed with the level of involvement the developers have had in the community and the rate at which updates/fixes have been coming out.  Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,427950,24552483,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,anto_capone,"While the genre has seemingly been beaten to (un)death, this game came as a pleasant surprise.I got it on sale for $2 and played it for 4 hours in the first sitting. Turns out, while the game has some rough edges due to it's early access state; the concept is a lot of fun and the developers of this game are active and have a great vision.I am really glad that I picked this up. If you are a fan of the genre, you will enjoy this."
76561197970785227,Recommended,427950,24562986,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chaqalaka ding dong,"Good game,it has everything i want from a survival game. Basebuilding, talents, solid weapon gameplay, lots of upgrades, group management, intense scavenging runs with challenging zombis that actually can beat me up if i dont pay attention. Just needs optimization and some polishing regarding the interface. Too many fps issues for me to enjoy playing it. The fact that i still played it speaks for the solid foundation this game has. It doesn't invent the wheel new but I never had these expactations anway. Can't wait till it is optimized to drop loads of hours into this."
76561197997170969,Recommended,427950,24463079,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,gajua184,"like other said you mustn't trust any guy who play under 1 hour.(most of them give negative feedback)This game amazing.you can build facility, gather resources, use radio to recruit new face, like sim game. Btw you can pick your weapon to play in fps mode to find some useful weapon,armor,backpack. You can find legendary outfit that make you character special (I picked up a spec.op suit with gas mask it very cools outfit)at last try it by your self."
76561198024961383,Recommended,427950,24538367,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The Canucklehead,"I've had my eye on this game for a couple weeks, so when I logged on and it was on sale for just $2.19, I thought why not. This game is very, very barebones in its current state but I bought it because I see potential in it to improve and become something that's much more in depth than what it is right now; A solid but basic open world survival game with base managment aspects. I'd recommend either getting it on sale if you're interested in being patient and watching the game develop and grow, or waiting till it's a little more complete."
76561198017188773,Not Recommended,427950,22260812,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Robineus,"Mmm, well to the person who wrote that review where they called this a highly polished game, you need to polish your spectacles I feel. I am going to not recommend the game for while it has potential at this point it has some sensational flaws and lack of polish, it's got fairly large areas to explore which contain large amounts of nothing and respwaning zombies, I'd really appreciate it if someone could make a good zombie game which doesn't have respawns especially ones which come out of the air right in front of you.  I was giving it a chance despite such environmentally limiting ideas as not being able to open doors, climb anything more than 1 foot high run for more than 20 metres before becoming exhausted (seriously, cardio) then while exploring the first area I ran into super zombie who ate 13 bullets from my pistol 10 from my rifle 50 hits from my pipe and didn't go down he can also run faster than I can and for longer you can guess the results of that escapade. Hint I'm trying to say this kind of enemy shouldn't be in an area you've marked as 'easy' and should have some kind of weakness like being slow, or not invincible.The scavenging environment is not very immersive because it has random crashing, tinkling, pipe dropping sounds around you which don't match anything actually going on which is rather silly. It feels a little like Stalker sometimes in that the graphics are (relatively)♥♥♥♥♥♥and there are odd amounts of things lying around in unusual places for you to scavenge.This game could benefit greatly from such novel concepts as difficulty settings ranging from I'd like to have fun testing your alpha to I really did unironically enjoy the Dark Souls series. Some more character customisation, female characters which are coming apparently, an extra person in your camp when you start, some interesting character building like perks or skills or backgrounds much like you would find in This War of Mine which someone who wrote a terrible review compared this to.Overall I don't feel like I should have paid for this and feel like I should have tested it for free and then given the recommendation that is has potential but isn't really there yet."
76561198220620684,Recommended,427950,20943074,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Aleave,"I've only played about 8 hours at the time of posting. All of thse early access games have left a bad impression on me. Games that I paid $30 for a year ago, still are not finished and most likely won't be. For the price of this, and what all I have seen so far, and what is to come, it is a great deal. Gameplay is great. Graphics are actually not all that bad. Seems like it will end up being much more in depth. The only thing that I hope for is a little more into the story. I understand completely that for this game it isn't necessary. But I think it would be kind of neat. Even if it is just in the intro. Anyway, I'm begging, please finish this game in a timely manner! Don't do what ARK and DayZ and the like have done to us!"
,Recommended,427950,33229345,Posted: 4 July,all,Oscar Gamble,I am giving the game a positive review and thumbs up recommendation because I follow this game and work that is being done on the game is amazing. From clunky controls and clipping models it has ventured a lot in to the land of Positives.Buy this game NOW ONLY if you would like to support the developer. Or just wait until October and take a look how it changed from 1.0 to 2.0.
,Recommended,427950,21259913,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Maelstrum,"the game seems to be good so far. I have a bit of trouble when i start to gather goods in the field, then come across a zombie who seems to be unbeatable, example i do over 500 damage and I still get killed as I cant defeat it or out run it, before it kills me with only 100 hp. other then that I am having fun and challenged. great work so far devs."
,Recommended,427950,29427004,Posted: 22 January,all,mr.devolver,"Early Access, or development in the state of ""work in progress"" here shows a great potential of what could one day become a cool game, one of those addictive games that make you play like you just want to finish this one last thing before taking a break and then another and another, for now the game lacks a lot of features, but that is only because the game is still in early development stage and yet there are already some cool and unique features that help you keep playing and still have fun for hours. I do hope that the developers will build on the good and unique features and ideas that are already implemented to spice it up. I would also like to mention that this is certainly not a very expensive game. With its modest price tag of 9.99 €, it already provides reasonable amount of fun and features for Early Access. There are many so called finished / final version games that cost much more and actually feel rushed and unfinished and very disappointing considering their price. If you want a zombie related game that is different but still cool, isn't an overhyped, overpriced box of disappointment and you're fine with Early Access (work in progress / still in development), this game just may be for you. With its fairly low price and possibility to get a refund in case you find out that this game isn't really what you've been looking for, you can't really go wrong here."
,Recommended,427950,24903218,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Krydoza,"Well worth the price for what you get in its current state.  What you get is a zombie survival game which include camp, resource, inventory and people management, crafting, scavenging, zombie killing.This isn't a Triple-A title, nor is it a finished game, but The Withering is (in its current tate) as entertaining as many games priced much higher.The game is currently single-player, but is promissing mutliplayer in the near (?) future.[[UPDATE 8/27/2016]]The withering could best be described as State of Decay meets Day Z.It gets its looks and feel from Day Z, but the meat of the game comes from State of Decay.  As in State of Decay, you will have to go out to scavenge for resources (food, wood, fuel, ammo & weapons) and survivors to join your camp.  You can also have multiple characters to roam the open-world portion with, but only the ones you create (up to 4: 1 leader and up to 3 heroes).  The rest of the survivors that join your camp will only be able to be used to scout, scavenge, and be used for production points that are used to upgrade the camp, build additions, and produce bits from the scavenged materials.As in SoD, you will encounter other survivor groups that will open up diplomacy options (offer tribute, request supplies, trade, request aid, and request missions).  You can also build a radio tower to try and communicate with the outside world.Time in the game is a bit odd.  When you are on the camp screen, time passes in phases: morning, daytime, evening, and night.  However, in the open world areas time passes in real-time, and this does not match up with camp time.  So, you could be out in the open world scaving and killing infected for days, but no time will have passed when you get back to camp.There is also currently no permadeath for your Leader or Heroes.  They just return to camp and are out of play for a number of phases to heal.  The do loose all loose items in their inventory (except their weapons, clothes, armor, or backpack).If you love survival games, this is worth checking out, even in early access."
76561197965396869,Recommended,427950,29700184,Posted: 4 February,all,Macdallan,"Still pre-alpha as of Feb 4, 2017.  It's got a lot of issues, but a lot of potential.  I was happy to spend 10 bucks on this game, and I've put in a lot of time for those 10 dollars.  There's supposed to be an update soon, and the developer is somewhat active on the forums.  I'm hoping the next update vastly improves the camp management part of the game, which is the section that is the least fun at the moment.Basically the ideas are good.  Scavenge for supplies and look for other survivors.  Build up a camp.  Defend it from zombies.  It's the execution of the core game mechanics that need work, and unfortunately the game suffers for it.The camp related parts of the game need a lot of love.  The interface is hard to read due to the font and backgrounds they use.  The menu system in camp is very clunky right now, and bloated.  There are too many sub-categories, and it could easily be streamlined.  Production and construction can also be streamlined, and for some reason construction of certain parts of the camp are separate from the camp upgrades even though it's basically the same thing.  It could, and should, all be in the same menu.The exploration and scavenging is a fairly decent third-person shooter, given the early stage of the development cycle.  It's kind of fun to run around and collect stuff, shoot zeds in the head and try to deal with the two stronger types of zeds.  Okay, okay, ""Infected"".  They're zombies, no matter what you call them.  The game has rare and legendary items, they're simply better quality items, and weapon mods that you can find.  They have a good variety of guns, however they all kind of feel similar except for a few exceptions.  Headshots are your friend, and even the worst weapons can kill with one or two head shots, unless you face the tougher infected.  Those take anywhere from 8 to 30 or 40 head hits depending on what you're using to shoot them.Currently the enemies aren't too bright.  The human enemies will take cover and shoot at you, by far the most dangerous thing in the game so far, however even the ""parasite"" infected, which is very tough and will chase you rather quickly, can be easily defeated by anyone.  They're also too dumb to climb, so if you can get up on a truck or a van, they won't attack you and can't reach you.  Yet.  I think this is eventually going to change, but there's a lot more work to be done.Hit detection is wonky.  Often with a clear line of sight you can't hit what you're shooting at, the bullets strike some invisible thing somewhere between you and the target.  A few guns are buggy, if crouched you can't shoot properly.  Combat is fairly simple right now, but if you're not careful you can still be taken down.  Some of the infected tend to sneak up on you when you're not paying attention.  If you access your inventory the game does not pause.  You have to pay attention.The most frustrating part, and most tedious part, is building kits for your scouts, scavengers, etc.  I absolutely hate this part of the game.  You have to go back and forth too many times in the menu system just to build one simple item, and each kit takes several items.  There's no indication on the production screen to tell you how many of any resource you have, it simply lets you build the item if you have enough but doesn't tell you what you're missing if you don't.  You have to go back to the main camp screen, go into the inventory screen, click around in there a bunch of times because there are several categories and buttons you can click, then look around to find what you have.  It's just way too time consuming and clunky to be fun.The base defence is terrible.  Zombies come at your base to attack it.  The game puts up a very poorly designed screen with a few buttons at the bottom.  It shows on the left how many survivors you have in camp, excluding your four heavily armed heroes - for some inexplicable reason they can't help with this - and the zeds on the right with one icon each.  Combat is turn based, and you pick a combat ""stance"", and your tactics, then click a button.  You have a bunch of numbers representing initiative, power, defence and so do the zeds, but it seems to matter very little that you have numbers 10 or 20 times larger than theirs.  You can, at most, kill one or two of them per turn.  Click, click.  Bang.  An icon gets an X over it in red.  Next turn.  Click, click... bang.  Another zed gets an X.  It's uninspired, boring and takes forever.  I really hope they completely overhaul this part of the game.  At least make it a tower defence style sequence where your survivors, and heroes, can defend an actual camp.  Better yet, use the same third person perspective and gameplay that the exploration part of the game has.  That might actually be fun!For an EA game, despite my complaints, I've been drawn in.  I like a lot of things here, and I truly believe that the game will only continue to improve.It's imperfect, but still very early Alpha.  I put enough time in so far, and had enough fun, that it's very worth the roughly $10.00 price.  I am looking forward to some significant changes, and multiplayer.Despite my gripes and the issues with the game, I recommend giving it a shot, and supporting these devs.  It's got potential, and I would like to see it continue to improve."
,Recommended,427950,20450644,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KEYOS.,"Great game, extreamely addicting, fun, and best of all, you get to slay some zombie a$$"
76561198049649858,Recommended,427950,20367013,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GhostN9,Great starting video and nice start to a game as long single player is kept in and multiplayer is added with it then alot of money this game will make XD IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A GAME WITH HOPE OF BEING GREAT THEN BUY THIS AND HELP START THE SUPPORT!Anyone reading this i have now played longer and am even more impresed with the progress so far :)PS: if you cant get out of the camp go to roster/ your character sheet and hit deploy then click the location!
76561198063198108,Recommended,427950,22423043,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,mf187doubleg,"First it is still alpha so some of the functionalities do not work yet.In the future it could be a really good one player zombie game. You are gathering materials improving your base camp and you can go to 3rd person view scavenging 3 towns. The zombies are pretty easy to kill with for ex an iron bar except for two bosses. You collect weapons, ammo, materials. After a few hours it gets a little bit boring. They should add more zombies, more weapons, attack moves, more cities to scavenge. In the 3rd town there are also bandits with automatic weapons and they are moving in a group so you can kill them from distance if you fave a sniper rifle. They drop a lot of stuff after dying. Aah, zombies are a little bit stupid, you run away from them, the follow you, you jump on a car and they stop. You can then just aim with your gun and score a nice headshot - it is a good tactic to spare ammo but I do not know why you cant jump on some cars. Antibiotics are best to heal. If you are wounded use them or go back to base and wait a few days to recover. After you die you are still alive in your base but you have to wait a few days to be able to scavenge again. I liked the graphics, the sounds and the idea. Night is fun and it is a little scary to scavenge with the torch and all the noises out there. I struggled at the beginning with inventory capacity but after I found a backpack it was ok. In the camp you have also to improve storage to have more inventory slots. I did it at the begining. You can also launch scavenges parties form your camp. Your camp can also be attacked by zombies at some time and you have some tactic screen where you choose defensive strategies. At the beginning it was easy but after like 30 days I got overrun and everybody got killed - I had like 5 survivors including myself. It was strange because it was like 6 zombies and we had automatic weapons :) When everybody died the game did not end and I was able to scavenge towns with my survivor being officialy dead :) I love zombie games and this game has the potential to be a really good game. It needs still a lot of work from developers side. Keep it up!The good:- graphics & sounds- weapons- day and nightThe bad:- some functionalities do not work in base camp- more cities to scavenge needed- population is difficult to increase"
76561197970727188,Recommended,427950,22125803,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,WeeMad,"For a game still in EA it is already offering a good deal of content, plus as a HUGE fan of zombie survival games (especially ones that dont involve idiot griefers wrecking a game) i lately have been looking for more Sp/Coop type survival games and what this has to offer in that department is very refreshing i have to say, especially having the camp management alongside being able to hunt in 3rd person for loot on various maps of your choosing including even the scavenge maps if u want is pretty well done :)I hope this game keeps the Sp and eventual Coop mode as not many about that dont involve other ppl that i have no wish to play with or alongside but coop is fine cos i can play it with my wife or my friends, other than them to play with just having AI bandits and NPC's for quests and camp members is all i need on the ppl front (speaking of which would be nice to see your camp mates in the roster) but really great work so far guys :) so please please make the Sp and Coop modes the games major focus and pvp minor please :) i really dont want to throw this game on the ever growing giant size zombie survival junk pile :/."
76561198054474659,Recommended,427950,19785643,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,GG Knifemaster,"Needs some bugfixes right now but afterall its working good , would recommend it for people that dont fear EA games with a very early state."
,Recommended,427950,20614524,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Hunterwolf,"Really interesting mix between rpg and base management, in an apocalyptic setting.Pros :- RPG elements (rarity colors ; player skins)- Base management (ressource management and base-building)- Both turn-based (in base) and real-time (while scavenging)- Ammo management- Item diversity- Bosses- Weapon mods- Parkour ! (being worked on, still pretty cool)Cons :- Hunger and thirst is too easy to manage (not really meaningful)- Lacks individual survivor management (ability to select their gear) -feature (could be added later)-- Armor system (Right now we only have cosmetic change) -feature (could be added later)-- Needs polish.Played it for 40 hours so far, but I think I don't have much more to discover... YET.With more content and a bit of polish it could be my personnal best zombie RPG experience!Recommended if you like the genre, and aren't afraid of Early Access games."
,Recommended,427950,34202417,Posted: 12 August,all,ejaksetic,"I have tried a variety of Early Access games.  A few are good.  A few are OK.  Most are questionable because they need more work and it is not clear that the devs will succeed in following through needed changes,  At this point (mid-August),  The Withering shows promise.  It's a little rough around the edges, but it is a good, very respectable effort.   I hope the devs continue their good work and smooth out some of the rough edges.  I'm glad that I took a chance on The Withering and recommend it to anyone who understands the limitations of Early Access games.Clarification: My review focuses on the non-beta version.  I have only limited experience with the beta version, not enough to form a definite opinion yet."
76561198038259777,Recommended,427950,21197384,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Turtlecatfish,This is a game that i think is well on it way to being the best game i think i have ever played. I just loss my self in this game win i play it and have a blast doing. Becasue of this game i have been late to work twice. And so far the update rate has been really good. Not to mention that when the devs updated Skyway i almost cried out of joy. The gun play fells nice and so do the animations. I just hope that new searchable maps come out soon so i can be late for work some more. And maybe a new boss zombie or two.
,Recommended,427950,19862908,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,-Valkyr-,"Great Early Access, I really see some awesome things coming from this title. Loads of detail and lots to do. Can't wait to see what more is to come."
,Recommended,427950,31496241,Posted: 1 May,all,jhembree77,"i like this game. the game play keeps me busy, the enemies and placement of items and ammo changes each time you make a run into the city."
76561198041543829,Recommended,427950,20937943,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Herzen,"The game is literally DayZ, Infestation: Survival Stories, and H1Z1 rolled into one, but there are problems with it...First off I have massive problems getting my mouse to stay INSIDE the game. It doesn't snap into it when I play, instead constantly clicking out while playing and in turn dying due to zombie fights and missclicks causing my game to minimize. All together it's a fun game, but can be so much better."
76561198007789907,Recommended,427950,34063994,Posted: 6 August,all,sog,"Very rough around the edges but is shaping up to be agreat Zombie survival game. The graphics are good, the controls good, the maps good. The zombies are quick and the melee combat is a bit clunky right now. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,427950,25083031,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jono,"Mechanics keep changing and always for the better, new content always keeps you checking back...Even if you take a break you check back constantly for the next great feature they release.I love the direction they're going with this game and I highly recomend it even in it's current state; especially at the $10 price tag.This is an EARLY ACCESS, this isn't a full game so people who cry about it being unfinished are pathetic, it even states that on the store page!"
76561198034904690,Recommended,427950,28846710,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,clahja,"Nice pre-alpha game.Very frustrating third person shooter. Sneak is as good as not sneaking. Collision with invisable walls, sometimes you can shoot over something other times it ricochets back at your feet. You can jump onto the back of a pickup, but not a crate half as tall. Mobs don't have loot except bandits. Cars are just used as bookselves, loot neatly placed on bumper or trunk. Most places are closed during Alpha so don't bother to explore anything that has a gate around it. Doors don't function, so if the door is closed, it doesn't open. Most objects are not interactable. If I need glass as a resource then why can I not pick up all those bottles? Or even make a moltov cocktail out of them and the fuel and fabric I collect. I can carry 2 rifles a hangun and a melee weapon all at the same time...really. But my jeans can't hold 9mm ammo in one pocket and 357 spare ammo in the other? Inventory needs balanced out and made more sensable.Settlement management is a phone app at best right now. It will RNG you to death. I get the scavenge for resources and break it down to use it, but the management is very chaotic and unintuitive. Settlers are just numbers, no personality and represented as shadowy figures in a background image.Overall the game has a lot of potential and I will still probably play around with it, but only when I am bored with everything else. I do hope they do not abandon this as so many other potentially good games have.Recommend? If your a whiney punk that thinks alpha is a finished product then no, but if you like to play with alpha testing games then yes."
76561198040557124,Recommended,427950,20921822,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Lazero,"Clever turn of a survival, base upgrading,rpg game. Manage a base camp, upgrade and recruit, deployable maps that need to be found by scouting tasks. keep the pantry filled with food, gather resources. and thankfully find an Iron bar, or something right away, the kick can still be done though, if you want to fight forever. dosent take long to understand this one, and see the possibilities so far."
76561198035090717,Recommended,427950,29549118,Posted: 28 January,all,cyce,This game has excellent potential (this being written in the alpha stage).  The gameplay is a great mix of turn based camp management and 3rd person exploration/scavanging/gunplay/melee.  With over a hundred hours in and still playing... definitly worth getting.
76561198006744132,Recommended,427950,20943602,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FarmerJock,"Like where your going with it. Unless your an Early access supporter, dont bother, if you are take the risk. as is 5/10 im sure it will change up too."
76561197996197857,Recommended,427950,20939404,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,andysteph,"Very good so far, with a lot of potential. It reminds me a little of Fort Zombie, with both base building and exploration as two very seperate game mechanics (unlike State of Decay).There are two areas to explore- one easy, the other hard.Headshots are satisying! But be aware of the special zombies, the crawling one in particular is a bugger to hit!The graphics are good, bearing in mind that this is Easrly Access. A bargain for £6.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qknCgt7KTRA&index=1&list=PLNqRgyWL1yJ6bOCtRT--wLjjfPBGlz0TCThere are new updates occuring all the time, with new features being added regularly. And at the sale price of under £2 it's worth a shot!"
76561198032808317,Recommended,427950,22769288,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,damnricanx2,Really enjoy the game so far.  Can't wait to see more areas and a few more special zombies.  Keep at the good work!
76561198087702294,Recommended,427950,23621826,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Latt Ice,"I recommend this game!Start it up, take one look and the first thing you may think is ""OMFG this has to be pre-alpha!""Well .. be patient. The game runs the bog standard Unity 5 engine with no frills or special eye candy.But the game! :D Yes. I seriously like this. It reminds me a bit like Fallout 3.Snipe, scavenge, bash with lead pipe, look for Miss Scarlet. Yep she is in there and armed to the teeth ;)It is clear that the game is still being developed but it is 100% playable and fun too.Be warned. The initial learning curve is a bit steep and you will almost certainly want to remap movement to full WASD butr after the first 3 or 4 hours you will feel like you are getting somewhere and you will be looking for the next thing this apparently bland game throws at you. There are plenty of these both nice and nasty.Estimated playtime. Some reviewers have over 100 hours racked up on this game and I can understand that. Its a bit hard to get into at the start but addictive once you get past that initial learning process."
76561198106088401,Recommended,427950,22721542,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,WanderingNomad,"fun game with a good concept, if u dont like little bugs, wait for full release, if u want to support a very hard working,community focused developer, buy it now"
76561198370066119,Recommended,427950,33824871,Posted: 26 July,all,KWPops,"To start, if you are looking for an EARLY ACCESS game and expecting it to be well polished, you probably have no business buying EA games. If you buy an EA game and refund it without even giving the devs time to work on the game, you have no business buying EA games. With that said, if you go into this purchase knowing that you are buying a product that is currently being made and developed, you will see the great potential that this game already has. IMO, the game is quite ambitious and if the devs can oull it off, I think it is going to really shine and even stand out among the other Zombie Survival games. It already has many features and aspects that no other zombie game has. Just looking at the initial map, it's the ENTIRE frickin lower 48 states. Right now you can only access Utah and 3 areas in Utah, but they have EVERY state there and outlinedIt has a camp feature that will allow you to have a leadership role, among the people that you rescue, allowing you to send them out on tasks to scavenge, scout and no telling what all else. You are also able to manage resources from the camp, outfit your ""squad"", upgrade your camp and craft.Even with the little amount of time I have, in this game, I am optimistic that this is actually going to be a very cool ZS game. I WILL be playing more and I would buy it again, especially for the asking price. I see the price going up, the closer this game gets to completion."
,Recommended,427950,31453323,Posted: 29 April,all,lol34able,So after playing for a bit I can honnestly say I like where this is going.. I believe this game is worth the price
76561198100488276,Recommended,427950,22404820,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Switch,"Pretty good game for early acess, like the scaveging features! Wish it were easier to find fabric and food resources though."
76561198003308890,Not Recommended,427950,29439197,Posted: 23 January,all,raquelambersantiago,"I am REALLY hard on game developers especially games like ARK which have been out forever and still have major basic issues.  I am not going to argue the fact that this game still has issues in ALpha stage and some of them are really frustrating, that said I would still recommend it if you are willing to go through the problems that come up with Pre-RElease.  REmember you are basicaly testing the game for the devs.  YES, there was a recent patch that had major bugs and some of us had to start over but this allowed us to test the game more and better and i would still recommend it.  The movement is still a little clunky but the graphics are ok, the storylines are EH but its a survival game with zombies what storyline do you need just keep your♥♥♥♥♥alive and build your camp.  I think that this game has HUGE potential beyond what is already here.Ok So update on my review.  Deelops have kinda botched things and continue to botch patches and major content.  If nots not broken DONT FIX IT.  My reivew of this game has changed from yess to buy to NO DO NOT BUY until the major issues are resolved with this game.  Even the number of players in game has dropped DRAMATICALLY.  There are still a few of us hoping for the best but when you have to do a kickstarter to keep the game going umm NO>. Does this game have potential YES very much so but due to the constant patch issues which create more problems than the game is worth its frustrating.  But im holding out hope.Now, if you like zomie killing, monster killing, building your own basic and i do mean basic base then this is the game for you but as is i have had to change my recoomendation to no."
,Recommended,427950,25885103,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,8x Scope Master,"Great potential, cool idea. Need more simple and direct UI"
76561198023171360,Recommended,427950,20960423,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,nofred56,"Really Nice.Easy to control. Not too easy [Some Zeds are tough]. Bet it improves.Doesn't crash...Smooth Framerate.NPCs and Player Characters Seem to be ""place-holders""[Will be replaced eventually {got that feel}]. Easy on the eye. I'm happy with it, considering, it's just been Alpha a few days.....I'll review it further as it improoves.....I expect it to be really nice when it is finished. They say their gonna keep single character game as option to play....after it goesMMO..PVP/3DMap Locations this year Mid 2016.."
76561197975916962,Recommended,427950,25312128,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,headmonkeyboy,"So do you like good shooters? You enjoy slaying zombies by the bushel? You want some base bulding and turn based missions for you followers? Man have I got the game for you, and this is it! This game has plenty of fun shooting, but you also need to be careful and monitor your resourses as you can only carry so much on one mission. You'll need ammunition of course, but I'd reccomend room in your backpack for some food and water you'll scavenge along the way. Never know when you might need it badly and cant find any around. Better leave a spot for some bandages or painkillers just in case you get jumped from behind. If you find something really good, take it back to camp to share with a buddy who doesn't have such a good weopon or whatever. This game makes you not just shoot, but also think. It puts you in a post apocolyptic world and you must scavenge for everything you get. I just cant tell you in one review just how good this is already, and this is EA?Yes the game has some issues and bugs, those are being worked out as development continues. The devs are very active in the forums, and want to know what you like, dont like, suggestions. This is EA done right. I kinda hope they leave the bug that causes zombies to do a kind of moonwalk slide every now and then, its quite comical :PBuilt in Unity but dont hold that against it and brush it off like another Strayed, these guys work hard and it shows. At this time its purely a single player experience in 3rd person. Multiplayer intregration is in the works and it will be fun to see how it is implemented. I personally only play single player in any game since Unreal Tournament but I may just try multiplayer on this one. I'd still love an option for a first person view but until that comes, if it comes, Im fine in 3rd.I know I probably sound like the love child of Billy Mayes and the ShamWow Guy, but this game truely is this good at only 9.99. Try it, you'll like it ;) And no, I bought this, it wasn't given to me or won."
,Recommended,427950,25878703,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,HazeZer0ed,"I started playing and got hooked for the next 3 and a half hours. found some bugs but overall, i enjoyed the game a lot. it runs insanely well for something thats only $10 on steam compaired to other $60 games. I wouldnt say its worth buying at the current state but i will say that there is a huge potential in the game and if you would like to help the game devs progress and make it an actual playable multiplayer zombie survival... than yeah buy it.Things i'd like to see:To be able to move around in camp and defend the camp from hordesMechanics station at basephysical camp to progress and move things around with defense optionsmore veriety of zombiesMy opinion could change but ill update it if there is anything i left out or found out there were some of these things in game."
76561198204810295,Recommended,427950,21033837,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jygantic,"So where am I, In total ruin, sitting on top of a car, with nothing but my two guns and melee weapon. wondering if this game will make it pass beta, then I see a bright light...... it is the first game in ages that will pass all beta stages?Still in the making this game is, yet full of fun it is. I'm only 15 or so hours in and I have finshed what can be done game wise, let me fill you all in.the game has full Immersion, you can build your camp from the ground up, going on raids every 5 or so days whilst scouting out new goods to build up your settlement. playing smart and slow can see you get top weapons and ammo, playing fast will get you udgrades which will help you get to the middle ground quickly, as a zombie hack n slash this game has it fully going, it has a touch of ""state of decay"" and a turn based zombie game mixed.it took me three play thoughts to figur out the game, Mind you I am am a feak when it comes to these games, perfect blend of stratergy and FPS, can see the devs taking this game far."
,Recommended,427950,20958263,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,CANADIANEH,"This game still in early form, but plays great. If you have any problems, the devs. are right there to help you out. The only problem i see so far is the resources, or should i say the lack of them. They are far few in between when scavaging  to make any headway. If you dont mind taking your time, you can do it."
76561198045938670,Recommended,427950,21028926,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,[ff00ff]WittleGuppy,"At the time of writing this the game is still in early access so what I say may be subject to change.If the developers decide to keep doing what their doing and just keep adding onto whats already at the core of the game, then this will could very well become a masterpiece.Pros:atmosphereanimationsframerateActive,responsive and helpful devs.Cons:bare-bonesBuggyZombie AIhuman and enviornment interactabilitywhat I wish to see improved:More weapons- I know theirs a lot already but I personally want it to get to the point where theirs always something new to find in the world.Actual use for survivors- As it stands, survivors don't count for anything more then a number. I hope the developers make survivors playable and maybe even give them backstory or something along those lines. After all I did find this game under the category of RPG.More explorable locations- this ones a simple one that is clearly being worked on already. Just more and more!! never let it run dry.Better base interaction and more expansion- I personally like the way the base building is setup. However I don't like how limited you are to things like your living quarters or yourstorage capacity. If I want to horde everything I find then don't limit me!!!Human AI: wether it be survivors trying to get your attention, A fellow companion that watches your back when out in the city, or bandits trying to hunt you down I believe this is a must have in a single player game like thisConclusion:All in All I love where this game is headed and I truly can't wait to see where this game ends up. For the price it is now (9.99$ U.S.D) this is more then worth it if your in to single player zombie survival."
,Recommended,427950,20965720,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ainz Ooal Gown,"The camp management is weird, it needs more tweaks. Right now is a grindfest, i would like a way to create resource in the camp and some other zone to explore."
76561198197867657,Recommended,427950,24650014,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,andrea.stock90,"The developers are shaping the game in a really good way and constantly update it, so i look forward to see the future of this game"
,Recommended,427950,29325675,Posted: 17 January,all,🅱️onelessRanger,"It's rather simple, but fun."
76561198107647426,Recommended,427950,21583656,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MilStratSur,"Having a blast searching the ruins for survivors and supplies. Gameplay is good, zombies are threats, maps and different locations add variety, and now multiplayer is in the works. For $10 it's a must have for zombie lovers.. keep up the great work devs. (I have a few vids of gameplay on the tube if anyone's wants to watch b4 buying)."
76561197993280486,Recommended,427950,20048875,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rhawkas,Fun zombie apocalypse survival/base management game. Looks quite promising. =)
76561198030994280,Not Recommended,427950,28961375,Posted: 2 January,all,Engec,"Ok... let me start off by stating that this might be the first time i claim my money back for a game on steam, pretty much becuase I wont support false advertisement, and this game was cheap to buy.Now this game looks great on youtube and on their trailers, BUT what the f.^&%^%$ forget to mention is that at the current state of the game you cant play the free roam part or the first person part whatever you would like to call it.Here part of their Details about thee current state of the game on the steam page:What is the current state of the Early Access version?“Currently we have a stable alpha version with turn based management gameplay and real time action gameplay elements. The early access is currently supporting single player mode and we plan to expand it with PvP and Co-op modes in the first half of 2016.”BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥NO REAL TIME ACTION AVAILIBLE AT THE MOMENT"
,Recommended,427950,20777089,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,🅱ecla,"Not bad, feel like its missing something though.It feels like its heading towards the DayZ + Xcom hybrid style, which is awesome, but I think it has a way to go yet. I'll check back in the future.Sidenote: Wish there was a neutral option for reviews, I don't want to recommend it but I also don't want it to be negative."
76561198141355178,Recommended,427950,20858358,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ZAYAN BB,"A great Strategy game! very well explained tutorial. I like the concept of the game, survival my favourite type of game."
,Recommended,427950,25139556,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kato,"Randomly picked up this game browsing through steam.Im really impressed, it's in EA so obviously needs some slight polishing but so far so good.Highly enjoyable, tense atmosphere, I found it quite addictive, sat down and played 3 or so hours on my first play through.Will update the review as more features are added but for now there is enough to keep me entertained for quite some time. I enjoy both the aspects of managing the camp and survivors and roaming the cities. Overall really great job so far."
,Recommended,427950,22724386,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Relda,"All the negitive reveiws must be from the second this game came out, because this game is amazing."
76561197967379413,Recommended,427950,21622978,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Daddy's Home,For 9.99 you are getting a lot out of an early access game.I'm really excited to see where this goes.
,Recommended,427950,25197203,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,OhioMan,"I decided to get this game on sale and did not expect much for it but decided to try it. For a Early Access Game it isn't all that bad, and it being worked on still is a definate plus, I have seen too many EA games just get abandoned, Not this one.."
76561197992309054,Recommended,427950,25975256,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mortibus,As a fan of survival games especally zombie.This game is awsome and the devs are staying in touch with the community.I've spent 46 hours playing and still love it.Can't wait for free roam multiplayer gameplay.It's a no brainer just get the game and see for yourself.What have you got to lose? 10$Refund if not satisfied.Very Strongly Recommend this game.
76561198017655691,Recommended,427950,29342224,Posted: 18 January,all,jmeischke,"I recently purchased this game prior to the upate yesteday and was working my way through it pretty well!  As of todays upate, I virtually have ""NO Gameplay""!!!!!  In order to get out of the game I have to use task manager, there is no way to do much of anything as I see it now.  Hope this gets fixed quickly!!!!!!"
76561198170075918,Recommended,427950,24607014,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,The Desert Ranger,This game is fun.it's not a game where you get every weapon handed to you < why people put reviews saying this game is bad.
76561198024329605,Recommended,427950,34709241,Posted: 3 September,all,TUmaDO,"im tired of multiplayer games, amke this one diferent."
,Recommended,427950,28478792,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SoilingStone115,"This game is very addicting if you like a management, zombie survival game. I love it."
76561198086581700,Recommended,427950,25832475,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[REDi]1R LCPL Chubbs,"came in a while ago expecting a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game to be completely honest, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does this game have potential. Devs are great with weekly updates, pretty clunky controls atm but thats alright, needs optimization lots of frame lag that most players shouldn't get but all in all this game is a game with alot of potential and shouldnt be forgotten, support the devs and in the end most likely will come out with a decent game. <3 <3 :)))))"
76561197970998492,Not Recommended,427950,23420185,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,windfollower,"This is a very preliminary review. I will try to update later after more play, but first impressions are not great. We'll have to see whether those positive reviews really make sense, or it's just a case of the ""sweet lemon"" fable.First of all, it took me a while to even figure out what I was doing in terms of playing the game. There's no ""play"" button in the main menu, just ""Camp"" and ""Survivors"" (along with options, extras (currently empty), and quit). Then, once I had created a character under ""Survivors"" and gone to camp, it took me some time to realize how you actually get any sort of action sequence, as opposed to just automatically running missions and trying to read the results.Actually, to talk about that: the interface is bad in camp, too. The tutorial, such as it is, does help, but you have to trawl through the menus to find out what happened after each time advance, instead of having it reported in some kind of simple pop-up dialog box or something like I expected.Anyway, you actually go on a mission by going into the roster, selecting a ""hero"" that you've created, and clicking ""Deploy"". Not obvious at all.Then... the tactical mission. My god, it's like '90s technology. Not only are the graphics poor, but at least in the first level, the zombies posed no threat, and often just stood there while I repeatedly shot at them. I wasn't even touched. Maybe that changes later, but meanwhile, running around the level was like trying to spring through water; the running pace was slower than many games' walking pace. Finally, the inventory space is critically limited; you will certainly be leaving things behind. Again, maybe all this gets better with better equipment, but it makes the first mission at least simply excruciating.I did like the music and the incidental noises, if I'm pressed to find something rewarding. Oh, and the intro newscasts (which you can hear on the Steam store page) are nice enough.I love games like this, I really do. Put hours and hours into everything from Project Zomboid, Dying Light, 7 Days to Die, and many others. Nonetheless, unless this game turns around dramatically very quickly, I will not be putting much more time into it."
,Not Recommended,427950,25389636,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sniper Bob,The game is clunky and not really fun to play.
76561198035972500,Not Recommended,427950,25090069,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Chicken Bear,"I really wanted to like this game, but no.  Just no.  I like Alpha games but there needs to be a term for earlier than pre-Alpha.  This game is still just an idea.  The only enjoyable part about it is the intro.Update: Tried playing again after this ""big update.""  Still really bad."
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,427950,30284040,Posted: 2 March,all,sir Evans,"Maybe one day in the future, this game will be worth playing. Right now it is barely playable.Graphics, design, menu, everything - is put simply, poor. Trailers are lying.If you consider purchase, I recommend waiting."
76561198064122781,Recommended,427950,23654567,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DoGgs,"I paid £6.99 for this and i have had more than my monies worth already!  and it's still in alpha! pick it up now before the price hikes, excellent title for EA."
76561198172267333,Recommended,427950,35037568,Posted: 17 September,all,stavrotheo72,the game is getting better and better keep up the good work
76561198093427770,Not Recommended,427950,29596223,Posted: 30 January,all,The Necromancer,"Requires Admin rights? WTH guys. I can't even play through steam anymore I have to launch it with admin outside of steam.I like the game, lost everything twice, but the guys running the show seem not to have much of an understanding that having the game in one location is optimal."
76561197986473173,Recommended,427950,28082115,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RottenOranges,This game is like a raw chunk of marble that is being transformed into a majestic and beautiful statue...I truly hope the devs don't ♥♥♥♥ this game up. The short amount of time spent playing this has been fun and I'm definitely looking forward to the completion of this game.
,Recommended,427950,22003444,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,FouRLeaF,Overall needs to work on hit detection and as of now the AI is shooting through walls... Fun game will be funner if these are fixed..
76561198047501546,Recommended,427950,24627663,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,adam_sievers,"Bought on sale for $2, played for 5 hours. Not a lot to the game, wish mods were available, but oh well $2 well spent. Might play it a fewe more hours, but I have a feeling I'll be bored with it after that."
,Recommended,427950,24877190,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nito,I like it.
,Recommended,427950,25995689,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,s.a.s,This is a great game for the amount of money it costs and the time its been out.Yes its got bugs but so do most games that have been out for years like arma and dayz get it now you wont look back.
76561198078475616,Recommended,427950,25747001,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sir Von GentleDerp,I know the play time is small but playing this game offline doesn't track hours. But I can say that in it's current state this game is fairly decent and I reccomend if you want to play a zombie survival/rpg/open world suvival game. Still needs work but obviously it's pre-alpha so it'll get better as it goes on so there's a plus. So here's hoping it continues to get better.
,Recommended,427950,23953201,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Mancunian Gamer,This could turn into a corker great game upto now but dont expect polished mewchanics etc the graphics are nice and the A.I works. Plus the setting is extremely apocalyptic so I gonna keep my EYE on this one and bob back now and again.Recpmmended.6/10
,Recommended,427950,19777791,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ChevyAndVW,Good game
,Recommended,427950,32922578,Posted: 28 June,all,LARGE FARVA,Just shot a crawler in the head 3x with a shot gun and still died. 10/10
76561198019390695,Not Recommended,427950,21817267,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Skate or Die,"I think this game will be good a little further down the road. For right now I can not recommend any of my fellow Steamers to purchase it though.Pros:Solid FPS on a middle of the road computerConcept is really neatCons:Controls are really weird and clunkyMelee combat is really strange ( Didn't make it to the point of having firearms )The game is unbearable to play in it's current state.I know it is EA and the game does show some promise.  I am not going to ask for a refund, because I really believe at some point it could be a killer game. I do also however believe that the game in this state, should not be sold.I will put it on the back burner and try again in 6 months or so.The scary part for me though is that the game is so rough right now, and they are talking about multiplayer.I have two questions I ask myself after trying an EA title.Did I have fun? NoDo I want to play it again? No"
,Not Recommended,427950,25049178,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Joratox,"As it stands right now this game is not finished at all, and the amount of content there is, is just not worth it. Theres not a whole lot of guns or melee weapons. And the Camp is kinda just there. I can't wait to see whats gonna happen to this game because its not bad just empty."
,Recommended,427950,25670077,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Larzaval,One of the few Early Access Game one can trust
76561198006250833,Not Recommended,427950,28360204,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,dev_boy,"looks great in the promo material, only briefly shows the camp play side of it in screenshot or videos.  Played 30 mins and didn't do anything but assign stuff to people in the camp management screen etc, did not once get into first person mode and scavenge or anything simular. :(Maybe I missed something? no (Edit: didn't dig deep enough, should I have had to tho? for such a major part of the game)Watched u-tube videos, ah I some how missed the deploy button.  Went back into game and no deploy button. I tried many things but still cannot get into the first person side of the game.As a final thing to try I looked in the steam forums about it and there is a post with a guy asking the same thing. one random guy replied and as I read it you cannot atm with the build its on. :(failed it kickstarter too so no way I can recomend it.(Edit in the interest of fairness edited main review to show dev comment.)CrochaN  [developer] 16 Dec @ 5:22amHello,To leave the turn based camp management mode you use the ""Map"" interface button located on the bottom right of the main camp menu. It's the largest button with a compass. The detailed description of how it works can be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/games/427950/announcements/detail/981043976154782653You can go into the third person game mode at any time from your camp, with the current build.Thank you."
,Recommended,427950,22282995,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nipplestroke,"I bought this game at its full price in the hopes that my PC would run this game just fine after looking at the minimum spec for the Graphics Card, but was thoroughly disappointed because it just doesn't run on my budget PC. I know this is an Early-Access game, and for this game to be low spec-friendly is all that I hope for.Sincerely,Not-so-fortunate PC gamer."
76561198078255222,Not Recommended,427950,29606538,Posted: 31 January,all,BOT MisterChessex,"So... yeah ... I was wondering what kind of game it would be, it had a lot of good points but it has one MAJOR negative point... It's boring, I mean I walk in a city full of infected which die of one bullet, bullets that you can find in large amount...It has nothing of a survival since you find everything you need very easily (food, water) but it's very difficult to find what you need to develop your base !!!It is meaningless to play this game for now on since there is nothing to do except shooting zombies which in fact is cool but if I wanted to shoot on zombies I would go on L4D2....Asked my money back --'"
76561197991412153,Recommended,427950,30463823,Posted: 11 March,all,iHazCode,"Looking for a Zombie survival game for the ""thinking man"" , give this a shot!"
76561198041436511,Not Recommended,427950,31005021,Posted: 7 April,all,bopsicle,"Had potential, plus I buy games like this because I like to support indie developers especially when taking on a big project like a open world survival game. The usual features are there, with its own I guess uniqness, however the gameplay itself felt awkard. It was even a littel tricky just to get stared in the game. Overall wont be playing this game much until gameplay and the ability to just jump straight into the game without having to click more than twice would be great. The game doesn't have much to offer to make you want to keep clicking different options just to get to the same place you left the game. But it's a start and it is a survival game, so you do get those elements in the game at a certain level of satisfaction. But not enough to make me keep playing, will wait for further updates to see any improvements. Also congrats on getting this far with your game.Will give the thumbs up with certain improvements implemented?.."
,Not Recommended,427950,32984819,Posted: 29 June,all,random,"Unintuitive interface, better than average Unity made trash, poor optimisation. Kicking zombies gets old real fast.I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,427950,23922482,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,< blank >,It should be called Loading Simulator 2016.-Cant even read anything inside the Game-No Gamma or Brightness Settings - This game is Darker than the Night-Worst Font ever you can barely read the text [Even the loading screens]-Everything is Little (Font) u need more than a Lens there...-From 25 Mins Gametime 20 min were spend loading... (Never Started)-Grafics from 1998 (Unity Game) [Dont run on my Machine while Games like Bf4 run on Ultra with 80 FPS]-Controls are Horrible (But u can Change them)-Stuck loading when deploy peoplePros:-Is currently helping me figure out how Steam Refunds work!
76561198008968635,Not Recommended,427950,23314263,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Anoffdutyninja,"Great concept, but i don't recommend buying til it is fully release."
76561198012215545,Not Recommended,427950,21930967,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Pv2 Irwin Jacob G,very bad right now controls suck combat sucks UI sucks can not enter any buildings (like 2) encountered some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t super zombie that killed me even tho i put 2 clips of ammo into its head (AKA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) then i quit and wrote this thank god for refunds.
,Not Recommended,427950,23127244,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,outlander,"Seemed more open world to me. Probably should have read more about gameplay, but that is what turned me off. Its not open world, there are locations you select to travel to and play in a small area. Pretty cool game all in all though..."
76561198039709014,Not Recommended,427950,24659537,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bombr,80% discount. I should have known.
,Not Recommended,427950,24538739,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,It's a Mind Game,"I didn't play much of it so take it with a grain of salt.Camp managementIt is something you would expect on mobile or browser game. You have a bunch of buttons, tabs, success rates, upgrades, mission reports and other simplistic stuff. Nothing to do with actually designing a base, thinking how to place structures.3D part of the gameLooks in terms of graphics (highest settings) really dated, like 15 years ago.Badly optimised, had around 30 FPS, while for example games like Evolve I get 50-60 on max details.You walk on closed map, look for loot and sometimes kill zombies.Can't loot zombies and stuff you pickup from ground sometimes doesn't tell exactly what it is until you finish mission.Can't hear zombies walk, so prepare to be ""surprise"" attacked while looting.Inventory is badly designed - it has slots, and items of the same type can be stacked. Weight doesn't seem to matter, so youcan't take that one 9mm bullet, but you can pick up another canned beef if you already had at least one.Food you pickup during ""hero missions"" doesn't add to camp food, instead you can equip it to hero. It repelnishes food/thirst but I have no clue what for.There is no story other than boring intro.Not sure what else to write other than I guess my summary: I didn't feel any survival elements in it, no base design, no PvP, boring PvE, useless looting. The only promising part about this is camp management - if they would focus more on it and make it more complex, while dumping 3D aspect of the game entriely."
76561198039086967,Not Recommended,427950,20101811,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AtomicWaffles,"It's really, really hard to recommend this game to anyone but those willing to deal with constant crashes, graphics from 2004, sloppy controls that make no sense, and gameplay that seems specifically designed to be the polar opposite of user friendly. I respect the attempt, and perhaps there may be a decent game here somewhere, but when the dev posts patch notes that literally say ""This update addresses all of the issues that were reported by player (sic) to date"" I immediately feel like the game devs lack the capability to manage game development as a process.This game may have potential, but it will only achieve that potential if the developers have the ability to make a game that is playable. Unfortunately, that time is not now. I'll check back in a couple months if it doesn't become vaporware."
,Not Recommended,427950,20941976,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,smm,Thanks for the fast refund.
76561198100775615,Not Recommended,427950,20356179,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,unjoyer,"Instant refund.How did you guys think that this is enough done to be a released game? It's the basic of a game...the base of it. It's like selling a steering wheel and saying it's a car. It looks bad, it runs weird, the controls are just weird ... I mean E for jump? And you can only jump on one spot. Whats the benefit of this jumping lol? ALso other elemental stuff like hold Shift to sprint - not working, tooltips on doors/items...oh wait no doors work and loot is just stuff on top of a car.U know what....I'll let you off easy and stop the rant here. If anyone is considering buying this - don't. I like the idea of a camp and all, but its too complicated at the moment. Give this another year, let them earn their money, then support it.Thanks"
76561198028704280,Not Recommended,427950,22244577,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sir Gamer,"Originally, I gave a long scathing review when I was tricked by all the upvoted positive reviews of this game. I played a short period, saw I had been essentially lied to, then refunded the game.Now, seeing the game at 2 dollars, and seeing the huge backlash in the reviews, my faith in the steam review system is moderately restored.Now there are those people who tell you not to listen to me, the same people who say they love this game more than any other. They might somehow actually be in love with this game, but I can promise you, you will not.Choose to listen to who you want, but just know, steam refunds are a thing."
,Not Recommended,427950,24631263,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ksywlaug,"Only thing you will think while playing this game is ""Did the playtime exceeded 2 hours"""
,Not Recommended,427950,29552897,Posted: 28 January,all,berdyev,"What is this sh*te?And how does this have so many positive reviews?The game is a complete sh*t. You start in a camp and figure out yourself how to spawn in and actually play. Textures of the game itself are pretty damn bad, and yet it runs like sh*te on gtx 970.F*ck this trash. Do not buy it."
76561198138955613,Not Recommended,427950,30917401,Posted: 3 April,all,TonyTetris,PLEASE OPTIMIZE YOUR GAME!!!!!
76561197972885495,Not Recommended,427950,20403516,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Stealthysteveo,"Gathered materials. Could find no backpack. Back to camp to rest. On tour again the next day, found baseball bat but couldnt swing it. Potential here but refunded for now."
76561197990436838,Not Recommended,427950,21487180,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,JimmytwoGunz,Played for no longer than 5 Minutes ...... Need i say more.
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,427950,21187612,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,PhanTasM,Booooooooooooooooooooooooooo!Horrible gameCons: everythingR8 0/8 Save ur $ and Get a burger for you and your M8
,Recommended,427950,32163161,Posted: 3 June,all,Argent Prime,Intersting Game :)
76561197978988394,Not Recommended,427950,26440599,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BodyCount,Save your money its not that great of a game :(
76561198022640636,Not Recommended,427950,24528132,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jamison,"I saw this and read some of the reviews and talk of many active updates from the Devs, thinking to myself ""This should be a really cool game"" WOW, was I wrong. Only paid $1.99 on sale, and I don't think that was even worth it."
76561198015957228,Not Recommended,427950,24526833,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Doggy870,Don't buy it isn't worth even the 2 Euro I spend on it ! Even the son of my sister can make more beautifull games and he's 13 ! Shame on you steam for even suporting this rubish .... I will relook ath it in a year if it still exists ??? Waste of money....
76561198041193891,Not Recommended,427950,22539044,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Nick AKA ventie81,"The amount of effort put into this game, how does one describe it?I know, I will try and rival the efforts with this here review!Meh..."
,Not Recommended,427950,22437991,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Survivalist07,"i scavenge for ammo and guns...i found lots.but i lost all.u know why? there was a mutant big zombie i shoot him many times from head.he didnt die...more than 3 full of mags by m4a1,smg,pistol... i dont play when hostiles in god mod.im out!"
76561197975715076,Not Recommended,427950,24528791,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,PhoenixRising,WOW LOL JUST NO. NOT EVEN FOR 2$ LOL NO.
76561198073844752,Not Recommended,427950,19776944,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Penjual Kerang Hijau,stuck loading when deploy peoplesuck this game
76561198043216448,Not Recommended,427950,19788470,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ChrisK,Just no.Edit: It's been so long since I angered a group of early access survival game professionals with my in depth pro level review so I came to see how the game they were so quick to defend was coming along. No Surprise to find 0 people playing and rotting carcass where a game once struggled for the will to live. So I have just two little words for everyone....JUST NO.
,Not Recommended,427950,24150758,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Deepockent,I refunded the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this. I can't remember why. It was not good. Cannot recommend.
76561198053540500,Not Recommended,427950,30824821,Posted: 29 March,all,Fubar,"Game took a giant step backwards after nearly 2 yrs in development. I would NOT recommend this gaame, save your money !!!!!!"
