user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043938050,Recommended,428220,32833657,Posted: 26 June,all,Shock_Tart,"nice casual game  to play if you dont want something too challenging and just want to relax. I like the art style and the music is nice. My only real complaint about the game, even though its a pretty small one more of a pet peeve really. The world is rendered as a sidescroller where you move between the foreground and background to give you a sense of 3d depth. My only issue with that is your character does not change size to keep that illusion going, I.E. shrinking to portray moving further away or getting larger to move closer."
,Recommended,428220,24919968,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"TurnOn: A Charmingly Electric JourneyTurnOn is a charming platformer/runner where you play an alien ball of electricity who has crash landed in a city causing a blackout, and must then restore both the power and help the citizens out in the process. This was a mostly enjoyable experience that took me  4.8 hours to complete. There were a few parts of the game where I got stuck for a little while, which extended my time a bit. A player with solid platformer and runner skills could probably play through this in about 3 hours if they wanted.StoryThe story in TurnOn is presented without any captions or voice work. It is a strictly visual experience from this standpoint. That said, it does in fact carry itself reasonably well in the story department. Basically, this is the tale of an alien who crash lands in a city (and fortunately in a scientists laboratory) causing a city wide blackout. The alien, who is represented as a ball of electricity, and who can only travel via electrical currents (such as power lines and such), and the scientist together attempt to restore power to the city before the people in the city destroy it via looting and other crime, accidents, and what have you. You, the alien, will also try to help people along the way, from helping out a couple on a romantic date to making it possible for a kid to finish his round of mini golf (and other stuff as well). Certainly the story in TurnOn is no magnum opus, but it serves well within the context of this platformer.I give the story a 7 out of 10GameplayThe gameplay in both a platformer and a runner is of paramount importance. Brainy Studios did a very nice job of creating a seamless experience in this regard. The controls in TurnOn were tight using a gamepad (I didnt try keyboard and mouse, so I have no opinion ion that manner of play for this game). I experienced zero crashes or stuttering. There is one amusing bug that will show up however. You can sometimes end up travelling along invisible power lines. This happened probably 8-10 times in my playthrough. Each time, this bug worked to my advantage as it made jumps between power lines a bit easier.So, the actual gameplay itself:The platforming was fairly basic overall. As mentioned before, in TurnOn, you travel via power lines and electrical currents. These are presented in a number of ways, from straight lines to mazing paths, with shifts in elevation, and moving platforms (such as window washing lifts, the scientists vehicle, forklifts, etc…). There will also be bridges that you need to power up to unlock, doorways that need to be unlocked, street lights that need to be turned on, and so on. Along the way, you collect currents of electricity (which basically take the place of the more familiar coins in platformers) which impact your ranking on each level and are attached to certain achievements. There are also red charges of electricity which damage you and green charges which heal that damage and basically give you up to 3 health points. If you run out of green energy, you will have to completely restart the level you are on.The running sections I personally found to be a bit frustrating. Not because they werent done well. They were. I simply am not so good at that style of gameplay. However, despite my deficiency in this regard, I was still able to complete each level with some trial and error. You are still traveling across electrical lines, and so the presentation for the runner levels is basically like sheet music, with a few different levels and breaks on various ones causing you to have to stay on top of your game and change lines frequently. The pacing is tied to the music in the game, so the faster the tempo, the faster you are running.You will also encounter enemies on a few levels in TurnOn, which are variations on red energy. They are fairly easy to avoid overall, but you will still die plenty of times on a few of those levels. There is also what is essentially a timed level towards the end. This was the level I had the most problems with overall. Again, it was done well, but I still died a lot trying to figure out and remember the patterns as I ascended a building trying to stay ahead of a line of red energy that inexorably advanced upon my little electrical alien.The gameplay in TurnOn deserves an 8 out of 10.GraphicsThe graphics in TurnOn were are presented in comic book fashion. The intros for each section are actual comic book frames which let you know what challenges you will face in the level to a certain extent and what your overall goals are. The actual game graphics are an extension of this comic book approach. They were especially well done in my opinion and the highlight of TurnOn for me. This was simply put a beautiful and lovingly crafted game from a graphics standpoint.I think this game deserves a 9 out of 10 for this category. The graphics in TurnOn were almost done to perfectionSoundI have mixed feelings towards the audio in TurnOn. The music was the sort of stuff you would expect to hear in inspirational videos and commercials. Sort of uplifting, but also a bit sterile. The rest of the audio was simply sounds of electrical discharge, muttering speech done intentionally to further the voiceless story telling, and other ambient noises appropriate to the various backdrops. This was the low point of the game from my perspective6 out of 10VerdictTaken as a whole, TurnOn was a pleasant gaming experience. The setting and main character were charming. I was also impressed by the fact that this game was crafted by a four person team.7.5 aliens traversing the electrical wire ways of our neon world charming the socks off of those they encounter within. Out of 10."
,Not Recommended,428220,26079732,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,viva,"I wanted to like this game. A lot. I loved the art style a lot. The animations had a little bit of jank to them, but that just added to the charm for me.The gameplay held me back though. Making a fun platformer is about good level design, good camera control and the controls feeling right. TurnOn doesn't exceed at any of these and it ends up making the entire experience worse off for it.TurnOn has mostly okay level design except for a few areas where you have to do blind faith jumps because the only way to progress is to jump to an offscreen rope. The game often has no indicator of these so enjoy sometimes blindly jumping to your death. The camera control is bad... or rather there is no camera control. The camera is hard locked to your character so you can't just test to see if it's a blind faith jump and airstrafe back. Despite there being no punishment for jumping to your death, this does make this part of the game incredibly tedious, especially for the 4-5 second respawn animation and it teleporting you back to the last checkpoint. The gameplay works on a 2d plane, however there can be multiple 2d planes for you to jump between in a single level. This can work in the game and sometimes it's pretty novel, but for the most part you'll probably find it incredibly annoying. The camera will flick up and the scenery will move in an attempt to get you to hook onto the scene behind -- even if it isn't possible for you to successfully make the jump. This will make jumping for the collectibles annoying, but it will also make you try and jump up to an area that may not be accessible at all.As a causal platformer, these issues would be annoying, but just an annoyance on an otherwise enjoyable game, right? Well that's until you play the annoying auto run levels. These appear to be synced up to the music, but it's done very poorly. Instead enjoy a lot of trial and error and hearing the same part of the song as you unsuccessfully try and make your way through. At first it's a neat gimmick, but the game continues to throw them at you.Ugh. I really don't want to rate this game down. I don't feel good about it, but I cannot recommend this in good earnest. What a shame."
,Not Recommended,428220,30086684,Posted: 21 February,all,Wakka,"My first impression of this game was good.  It has a nice art style and the idea of repowering the city by jumping from electrical platform to electrical platform and reaching collectibles and different goals seemed cool to me.  Especially the way the story is told appeals to me.  In one level you're powering homes to get the lights on in order to scare away burglars attempting to get inside.  In another level, you're bringing a man and a woman together for their date by turning on traffic lights to make it safe to cross streets, getting a water pump running to spray malicious thugs, and so on.  In this way, the game is great.  The leisurely way you roam the levels and interect with things to see the effect you have on them and watch a small story unfold - it's relaxing and fun.And then there's the reason I give this game a thumbs down.  There are about 6 levels that are ""runner"" levels.  You are automatically moving forward along power lines and all you can do is jump up or down them.  These levels can be immensely frustrating depending on how you play them.  I, for instance, really want to get everything and achieve a high score.  To do that, you need to get almost every collectible in the stage.  Make mistakes, and you get to start the level over - the checkpoints are few and far between.  Imagine playing DDR and you make three mistakes and it automatically starts you off at the beginning of the song again.  The music in this game is nice, but you start to hate it when you hear it over and over again fifty times.Of course, you don't have to try to collect everything and get a high score.  You can just run through these levels casually.  However, if you're doing that, they're too easy and there's not much to do.  You press W a few times, you press S a few times and you're done.  Unlike the normal levels, there's no story, no exploration in these levels.  If you're not trying to collect everything, these levels serve no purpose.  And if you are collecting everything, they're pure frustration.  The camera is way too zoomed in, you can't see far enough ahead of you and often cannot react to things immediately enough to accomplish anything.  I don't feel the controls are as responsive as I'd like, either, though this may just be my perception - I press W at times and it doesn't jump.  The level design of these runner levels have caused the community as a whole to just exploit them.  If you've reached a checkpoint, your collectibles are saved if you die from falling, so you keep dying on purpose over and over again to collect as many as you can manage before completing the level.  This just proves bad level design.  I feel they were only added to give the game a false sense of challenge.  They don't seem to fit the overall mood of the rest of the game - one of exploration and interaction within a beautiful world.With the runner levels, I must give this game a thumbs down.  They are either too hard or too easy, depending on your playstyle, and simply don't fit with the rest of the narrative or gameplay.  Otherwise, this game would get a thumbs up.  Regardless, it's a worthy game to play casually if you can get it really cheap on sale.  The game takes less than 5 hours to complete."
,Not Recommended,428220,28418693,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jorbun,"I bought this game at 70% off for $4.49 USD. At that price, it is perhaps barely worth it.This game tries to do too many things, and is consequently mediocre at everything it does. It's mostly a platformer with the twist that rather than a person jumping from platform to platform, you are a living electricity... thing... jumping from wire to wire. This is a good concept, poorly executed.Rather than provide the player with a consistent view of the world with which they interact, the game instead uses perspective to decide where you will land from any given jump. So you can jump from foreground to background, so long as the wires line up right from player perspective.Unfortunately, the player has no control over the camera, which is often oriented to funnel you through the path the designers laid out for you. What's more, the designers evidently aren't very experienced. Several times, the only way to proceed was to take a leap of faith, on the assumption that there would be a wire to catch me offscreen.Often, though, the game will switch over to a sort of rhythm game wannabe, where you are moving forward, only able to jump up or down between wires. These segments are possibly the worst part of the game. They seem placed at ""climactic"" moments in the story structure (in so far as this game has a story).Yet if you fall off the wires, you're placed back at the last checkpoint, which in these segments are unmarked and uncommon. The song also resets to match where in the level you were sent back to. It's not even a seamless transition. It's very abrupt, yet not fast.Oh, and the speed at which you're moving can change without warning.Most levels involve reaching the transformer at the end, with various collectibles and fuseboxes on the way. The fuseboxes, when touched, will activate something in the world, such as neon lights or a winch. Some levels require you to solve a ""puzzle"" in the world, such as guiding a couple in love to each other. In practice, this is just another collectible with cutscenes attached. Which wouldn't be a bad thing, but the art in the game is, again, mediocre.The ""art"" in the game consists of the 3D environments which contain the wires you move through, and 2D drawn comic-style ""storytelling"" cutscenes. You would think the art in the cutscenes would be of better quality, but it's awful. And the 3D art is merely passable.I haven't said all I can about this game. But by now I think you get the gist of it. My recommendation, if you're going to buy this game, is wait until it's on sale. like, 60% off at least. It's nowhere near worth $15."
76561198124473357,Recommended,428220,23331303,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,FirePlay,"The unique design and style, stunning graphics, atmospheric music, a variety of levels make you forget about reality and relax. Exciting gameplay and original story! To receive a portion of inspiration! Great job! Thank you, Brainy Studio for a kind and good game! Good luck."
,Recommended,428220,23334900,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MonkeyJug,"A simple, but stunning game with an amazing soundtrack, that deserves to sell by the bucketload.  There is nothing quite like it on Steam.Each beautifully crafted level tells a different story that unfolds in a series of sequences triggered by your little ball of electricity solving puzzles along various wires!10/10 for originality!"
,Recommended,428220,33729846,Posted: 22 July,all,hopelle,"A cute, rather unique puzzle platformer. The game would be absolutely great, if not for the occasional runner levels, which fall flat for several reasons.For one thing, the runner sections don't fit the pace of the rest of the game, which encourages exploration and moving back and forth. Add to this frustratingly placed and occasionally glitchy savepoints, the very precise movements and foresight required for good scores, and the occasional buggy invisible platform, and the runner levels bring a very annoying difficulty spike at the end of each section.In general, the game is good, just be prepared for the occasional period of frustration."
76561198051824204,Recommended,428220,30162309,Posted: 25 February,all,snuffy_aus,"Found this game mostly relaxing platformer, not overly difficult and save/checkpoints are reasonably spaced. But, the levels racing against the clock/music based levels can get tedious/fustrating.Great music tracks, really wish you could almost own the soundtrack separatelyBought on special"
76561198281959242,Recommended,428220,23882500,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,sicardsamantha,"I've been keeping tabs on this game since I came upon it and upon seeing the art style, I KNEW I wanted to give it a look.I wasn't disappointed. Yes, it only took me around three hours to complete, and I plan to go back in and gather the rest of the achievements, but I believe the music and the atmosphere it creates in-game are what really sold me. As we all know, long games do not always equal good games.The lack of speech does nothing to attract from the overall  ""narrative"" (though the few times a woman yelled was, it was cringeworthy~ :P ) and having sunk hours upon hours into the game, Journey, I have no issue with that.I almost wished to know more behind the scientist and our little energy-laden protagonist, but the story sort of lends itself to your imagination in that aspect.I used an XBox controller to play, so I never tried this out using the keyboard only, so I can't really speak to that particular aspect of the controls. Playing is pretty intuitive and the controls are easy to pick up. So, I'd reccommend this to really anyone~.Turn On is a very relaxing play, and only once did I find myself stuck, just briefly as I learned the level layout.I am very happy with my purchase. I must also note that I paid for this game during the Fourth of July sale for $8.99. It's a little steep for the length of the game, but with a regular price of $15.00, I felt it was justified given those whom make games deserve something after producing something that requires so much hard work. (Not something I could do!)I look forward to seeing what more comes from this developer :)"
,Not Recommended,428220,26667812,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,astaiannymph,"I really want to like this game. The exploring is really fun. But during the timed levels there just are not enough save points. I'm not good at precision platforming. I've been on this level for about an hour, and I can't take it any more. I want more save points and the ability to get more lives."
,Recommended,428220,33282933,Posted: 5 July,all,SnAke_NinjA,"What a wonderful, quiant, adorable little game. I will say it isn't worth $15, but if you get it on sale, it's definitely got good levels, a cute story, and some laughable scenes to it."
,Recommended,428220,30128155,Posted: 23 February,all,LittlePennyPaw,"The game caught my attention at launch. It turns out that the theme, the design, and the music (especially the music!) are all pretty good. The controls are sometimes sloppy, making some levels very hard to beat (Looking at you! You running-on-cable levels!!!)Overall it's a good platformer to enjoy some peaceful time and throw your controller/smash your keyboards with frustration. ;)  7/10"
76561198053990010,Recommended,428220,25833194,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,juuchan444,"Overall, I enjoyed this game a lot.  The music was really nice (I hope they'll put out a soundtrack for purchase) and the concept was fun.  Some jumps did not work quite like I expected them to, and your character's sprite can be very obviously 2D at times but I enjoyed the look and feel of the game.  The exploration levels were definitely my favorites, though since I played the first 2/3 of the game three months ago I can't pick the best one.The forced scrolling levels are frustrating as there seems to be one checkpoint in those at best, far into the level, and if you die due to too many hits (instead of just falling off the course) you go all the way back to the start instead of the checkpoint.  I always seemed to die just when the music was really kicking in...   Also, the second-to-last level is really luck-based to finish.  Hop around like mad and hope!I played on a 360 controller and that worked well, not sure how their other schemes work out.  If you aren't sure about the two gameplay styles (and the forced scrolling sections seem more frequent the further you get in the game) watch the second video (the one in the middle), it shows both kind of levels and gives a good idea of how it feels.$15 may be a bit high, but I caught it on sale.  Also, there are occasional bugs (I hit one on the Ferris Wheel level) where a level just won't complete.  Luckily (?) restarting the level worked out.  I still think it was a fun game, but you should know that it's not perfect."
,Recommended,428220,33659518,Posted: 19 July,all,Edgelord,"Lovely graphics, well-designed levels (some of them can make you think for a moment) and an interesting idea behind it all.To sum up- a truly deLIGHTful experience. :)"
76561198171069714,Recommended,428220,28963251,Posted: 2 January,all,breezycannon,"I liked this game a lot!  Beautiful art and style.  Only wish it lasted longer!  The game took me about 4 hours, and I'm not the type of person to speed through.  Though it was simple, it was fun! I'll probably come back to it again sometime.  Definitely worth the play."
,Recommended,428220,29485102,Posted: 25 January,all,Applekid,At $15 I DO NOT reccomend this game. But at the prices of $3.50 that I paid I highly recommend it. Its a fairly casual platformer with a few fun twists. The jumping could be a whole lot more responsive but it was fun enough.
,Recommended,428220,24283437,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FrizzMuffin,"TurnOn is a really sweet, fun side scrolling platformer that is beautifully done and has eaqually beautiful music to go with it. Really enjoyed playing it and I'd recommend giving it a go if you fancy something a bit more chilled out than your usual games."
76561198080482559,Recommended,428220,26134167,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,NRieh,"For an hour or so I was going to give this game my huge 'thumb up'... but now I'm not so sure. Here's why.I though it was going to be a relaxing and casual exploration\puzzle platformer...which it is.Mostly.Several levels had been designed to add some kind of 'challange', but they only add frustration instead. 'Boss fight'  with the copter had been the worst so far, but those few 'runner' levels I've seen also leave much to be desired. I suppose they were meant to mimic a rhythm-based gameplay, where following the music is a right way to jump through all the gaps, traps and such...but the thing is - jump\air control is not too strong in this one. It's mediocre (to say the least), which is not a death-crime for a nicely drawn casual family-friendly platformer, really...if not for those 'annoying.... oh, I mean 'challenging' levels.Do I recommend the game? May be. Especially with a good discount. Just have in mind, that it's not that 'casual' and 'relaxing' as it seems to be.  Nice art, good music, interesting 'character' (if that's the word for a glowing electric bubble). but those levels? Meh.."
76561198201606215,Recommended,428220,23715479,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,fishy boopkins,beautiful music and art style. casual platforming the doesn't get boring
,Not Recommended,428220,29758790,Posted: 7 February,all,akhsavi,"Game gives an impression that it was created by someone with split personality: no other explanation comes to mind in attempt to explain why such calm exploration-type game got so poorly designed ""runner""-type levels.It's about:level exploration, finding hidden paths and secrets in calmly observing manner;running, being chased, testing your nervous system.Why you should play this:you like exploration-type games;fine level-design of exploration-type levels - there's always something what's hidden on plain sight, something to observe or to feast your eyes on when all lights are turned on;some of exploration levels are large and complex, yet not difficult;very nice main theme and soundtrack in general on exploration levels;if you manage to survive (mentally) running/chasing levels you will find that game itself is enjoyable.Why you may not like it:game has 5-6 runner-type levels and they are, by all means, a pure frustration:they poorly designed: camera is too close to action, you can't see enough of the level in advance and have to act immidiately - complete dissonance with mainly very leisurely nature of the game;they are too difficult if you want a perfect score and way too easy if you just want to complete it;the only way to succeed is failure between checkpoints untill you pick up all necessary ""lightnings"" between them - another exapmle of a dumb level-design;without these 5-6 idiotic levels game would have been only better and still had had about 25 levels to offer;patch historyproves that these levels is an epic misstep because even implemented changes didn't help to make them at least appropriate.game can't remember your sound settings - you need to change them back every time you launch the game.Dear developers, would you like to code with broken fingers ? It's a challenge as well... Ok, maybe I'm too vicious. How about coding while someone is hitting you with baseball bat ? My point is that ""runner""-type levels is something that this game doesn't need.Please remember, if you mix 1 kilo of strawberry jam with 1 pinch of manure, you will get 1 kilo and 1 pinch of manure."
,Recommended,428220,34705753,Posted: 3 September,all,dolomit VS monomyt,happy to have it :)
,Recommended,428220,23595350,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,evgenromin,"Nice relaxing platformer, very peaceful and fun. And it's important to note the fresh theme of this colorful game.Want to have a rest from big AAA? Try TurnOn :)Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,428220,23594467,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,baranov_anton,"This is very nice and interesting ""electrical"" game. TurnOn offers new kind of platform game experience. Enjoy! =)"
,Recommended,428220,24198919,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DoX Downunder,"TurnOn is the perfect game for the casual gamer. The levels are short, but they don't feel too short.The visuals are beautifully hand drawn. The sound is great, and the music soundtrack really makes the game shine.In all, it's very well put together and I'm sure you will have a great time playing this game."
,Recommended,428220,25912219,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MsVideris,"Game is fantastic, but a bit nervous and buggy when it comes to rush time."
,Recommended,428220,35038710,Posted: 17 September,all,alienated,"It's a cute and entertaining game. I bought it for 2,99€."
76561198036410811,Recommended,428220,29477876,Posted: 24 January,all,Starworshipper,Really cute and fun.
76561198050927126,Recommended,428220,26078425,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SuperDean,"a nice little casual game about fixing and turning on power to stuff. EXCEPT the power line levels, when you think of the powerline levels think of a donky kong mine cart level"
76561198402217102,Not Recommended,428220,33593767,Posted: 16 July,all,talamq,"When you play this game all you do is run around as an electric ball and you bring light back to the city. some levels are tricky but they are solvable . i picked this game up during the summer sale for 2 dollars thinking i can expect anything , i told myself that whether the game is good or bad it doesn't matter i bought it as something i can play and finish quickly though i haven't personally finished all the levels yet but i've at least gone halfway through them.so you could get this game if you want to try a game out and finish it in 3 hours. but if you like games that last very long this isn't the one."
,Not Recommended,428220,23944156,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jim,"There is an issue with using an XBO controller on Windows 10 (contant movement to the left), which is noted as a known issue in the troubleshooting discussion.  It is allegedly a problem with the Unity engine.  However, since I have many other titles which use the Unity engine, which all work fine with the XBO controller, this issue should be able to be fixed.I can't recommend this game until this problem is resolved."
,Not Recommended,428220,23426426,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,spooky pixel,"Judging from the acheivements I earned I'm about half way done with the game. I was going to wait until I completed the whole game, but I can't. I got stuck on a runner level and was getting sick of it (seriously, I was about to just quite the game for good for how much I loath this pointless level) until I finally did beat it (and was overjoyed for about two seconds)... until my alien zoomed straight past the score board for that level and and the game proceeded to basically bug out and get stuck. The animaltion of rain and the music was still going, so it wasn't frozen, it just failed to animate the scoreboard after I went past it. I hate that level so much, beating it once should have been enough (it didn't count me beatingthe level becaue I had to quit out of the stuck scene). So I think I'm done with this game. I want my money back, honestly. Nearly 3 hours wasted on this."
