user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198003135729,Recommended,428550,32667868,Posted: 22 June,all,fuzziestwolf,"This game is a hidden gem.  If you like metroidvania or souls like games, then for $10 you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,428550,21639522,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,nuffy,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good.Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is damn near the greatest pixel platformer I've ever played. It feels extraordinarly weird to say that about a game that came out in 2016, needing to compete with classical masterpieces like metroid, megaman and castlevania but its just legitimately so good.The gameplay is satisfying and varied. It ranges from fast paced and action packed to technical and deliberate, with everything in between. There is a a plethora of attacks; cancels, dodge rolls, air dodges, transformations, lovingly hand crafted frame by frame, along with a selection of items, buffs and skills that add variation and new tactics. The animations are superb and fluid, nothing feels jerky or floaty. It has been polished to perfection.The world is beatifully crafted. Each area has a unique color scheme and art direction that, combined with changes in music that flow dynamically, give them their own personality. Music plays when appropriate, and changes in tone/tempo and mood when appropriate, adding beautifully to the atmosphere that will suck you in so you can't stop playing. There are plenty of (literal gameplay and story based)secrets to find, narrative puzzles to put together, as well as people and things to see.Most of the story is told not by the characters in the game, and not from information about the world you find lying around, but by your emotions and the way you connect to the environment itself. This may seem pretentious, but really, It's the little things. Like watching the grass part when you shoot an arrow through it. Like watching the water reflect and distort the world around it. Little things that make you think ""wow"". Changes in lighting, wind speed, and the environment around you are shone in the way your outfit looks and reacts to the world around it, be it reflections, animation speed etc. The noises the enemies make range from innocent, to heartbreaking, to scary. There are signs of battle you find, signs of peace you find, the personal effects of people you'll never see. People who have died, left, or disappeared without finishing their story. There's one part where I found a woman who had all but given up, and there was nothing I could do for her. I never thought I'd see her again, thinking she was a random npc only there to add some drama to the environment; I was right, but not at all in the way I'd initially thought. No detail in this game is without purpose. There's always something more.It will take between 3-5 hours to beat your first playthrough, and there is more than one ending.It's 2016, it's exceedingly rare to find a game quite so complete, and quite so good, for the asking price of just ten dollars, yet here you are. This is an absolute must play for platformer fans, sidescroller fans, indie fans, etc. I would even go so far as to recommend this game to everyone, even people that aren't traditionally fans of platformers."
76561197980675983,Recommended,428550,32023238,Posted: 28 May,all,michoko,"Great metroidvania game, with a lot of depth. Good map, good gameplay, really a nice surprise. It took me about 7 hours to reveal 100% of the map on normal difficulty (which I think is actually a nice thing, I prefer a short but intesne experience over a long but boring game). Good job devs, I had a great time!"
,Recommended,428550,23391744,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kon,"Estus Flasks? Check.Bonfires? Check.Illusory walls? Check.Elevators activated with pressure switches? Check.""This door does not open from this side""? Check.Best 2D Souls game I've ever played."
,Recommended,428550,28582725,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Anebriate,"This is a very short game with a mountain of untapped potential that could have been one of the greatest metroidvania games ever created. As it is, it's still a phenomenal appetizer for the genre with shades of Dark Souls, Bloodborne and Shovel Knight.Just don't overthink it or get too invested in any of the characters, because they're little more than interesting signposts and the journey is over just as suddenly as it begins.I can see it being a good speed run game."
,Recommended,428550,32050696,Posted: 29 May,all,Yal,"Momodora: RUtM is basically a 2D, 16-bit Bloodborne clone. If that sounds appealing, buy it. If that sounds confusing, continue reading and I'll elaborate.The game is dark, gothic, and brimming with psychological horror and depressing themes. The godly mellow soundtrack just improves on this even further.Combat is centered around dodging and stunlocking enemies, there's no way to block attacks. You have an incredibly fast ranged attack in your longbow, but using it makes you stationary, so you need to time using it well. Same thing with healing: it's very fast, but it will lock you in place long enough for enemies to hit you unless you time it properly.There's a lot of hidden secrets, including shortcuts, HP upgrades, equipment that can change your playstyle considerably, and hidden Ivory Bugs that are 1 pixel big and traded in with a collector for various rewards.The game is incredibly free, once you reach a certain point you can take on all areas in any order.There's a lot of missable optional content, and that coupled with the freeform structure adds a lot of replay value.The game has gotten a lot of updates with things most other devs wouldn't even consider, like tweaks to reduce photosensitivity epilepsy trigger rate in some effects and adanishlocalization.It's a bit short, but considering the amount of hidden stuff to find it can give you way more playtime than it initially seems. And I've seriously spent more time with some of these bosses than it took to get past some bosses in Dark Souls 2 and 3.Overall this game is definitely worth getting if you're into soulslikes, metroidvanias or bullet hell games: it has reasonable chunks of each and is a huge step up from its (already amazing) predecessors Modora I - III."
,Recommended,428550,28283669,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Uncle Kaz,"Great MetroidvaniaPROS+Nice soundtrack+Great Bosses+Big game world(way bigger than 1,2 or 3 parts of the game)+Nice difficulty+Good replayablity+New Game++Various endingsCONS-Final Boss is easy as pieGreat Metroidvania.Boss battles are great,exploration is really great.This game really offers a challenge and after first walkthrough you will get even harder difficulty.Buy it and play it!"
76561198025764978,Recommended,428550,23549954,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,--,"Go,buy this gameat full pricenow, if you find yourself even remotely interested in metroidvania-type games.It's just beautifulColors, backgrounds, character sprites, animations and music: everything flawlessly blends into a stunningly atmospheric and coherent 2D game world. Seriously, Momodora knows its aesthetics. I absolutely loved this aspect of the game!(Bonus points for playing as a kawaii priestess with a maple leaf as main weapon and being able to turn into a cat)Gameplay is simple, yet effectiveYou won't find a ton of useless items, spells or use one of many gazillion button input combos. Nope. You've got your basic melee 3-hit combo, a chargeable bow, 3 active and 2 passive items. Combat works and feels just right!Movement is also tight and responsive: running, jumping, rolling and dashing through the world is a real pleasure!DifficultyI played on normal difficulty. The game is challenging (especially in boss fights which require you to learn their patterns) but not too unforgiving. Weirdly enough it gets a lot easier towards the end since you find tons of HP upgrades and more powerful items. Looking back I'd recommend starting out on Hard.The only downsideAfter roughly 5 hours playtime I'm standing before the final boss, 99% of the map is cleared and I don't want the game to end yet.Seriously, it's too short :("
76561198107388485,Recommended,428550,34076597,Posted: 7 August,all,TF661231,"As my hunger for metroidvania games burns white-hot after playing Hollow Knight, I recently remembered I had this in my Library.  So I fired it up and dug deep.18 hours later and I've completely cleaned house; I grabbed every cheevo and finished the game four times, once each on every difficulty.  I think I've gotten my money's worth and then some, and I do recommend this as a great value for its price if you're into metroidvania style platformers.Pros:Great Pixel ArtUnique character designSuper satisfying character animationsEnjoyable soundtrackGreat valueTight controls and good platforming overallCons:Game itself is fairly short (barely qualifies as a con, considering its price)Story is... difficult to parse (even after 4 times through!  Could be that I've overestimating what was intended, or else I'm just dense)I can't really call this a con, but I always wish there was more than one playable character in these games.  There are at least two other NPCs that really seemed like interesting candidates, but didn't have much to really contribute to the game.  Could have been a neat option for DLC!Aside from my minor gripes, Momodora: RUtM is seriously a solid addition to your library."
76561198047656247,Recommended,428550,21625076,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,playerzwei,"A tremendous surprise compared to the previous game. I was a pretty big fan of Momodora III, so I bought this game totally blind and expected it to be an extension of all the things I loved about the first.I was stunned and delighted to find that this game is leaps and bounds ahead of the previous while still maintaining all of the satisfying, simple, and challenging combat and encounters. The character sprites have been entirely redone in a larger size with more lovingly placed pixels than ever, and the game is set in a more properly connected world that begs to have every nook and cranny fully explored several times.I know the Dark Souls comparison does get thrown around a lot these days, but Momodora RUtM really *does* feel like Darks Souls's adorable little sister, and I mean that in the most affectionate way possible."
76561198078832711,Recommended,428550,26428792,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Faldamin,"It's a good game. Didn't really expect much when I bought it on sale, but I was impressed when I started playing it.PROS-amazing gameplay-great soundtrack-can be pretty challenging-good boss fightsCONS-it's pretty short, wished it was longer"
,Recommended,428550,21696347,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Spirit,"Bad Moon RisingMomodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight wasn't just my mildly successful Creedence Clearwater Revival cover band – it's the fourth entry in the Momodora series... a series I did not know existed until, like, this one. It's also, for my money, an early indie GOTY contender. Between its awesome and varied settings and backdrops, its weighty combat and epic boss fights, its minimalistic story and sweeping soundtrack, its secrets and challenges, you might be mistaken in thinking this is 2D Dark Souls.It is not.In fact, aesthetically and story-wise, it feels like it takes a lot of welcome cues from Bloodborne.Story is pretty standard: you're a young priestess who's idyllic, Shire-y land is positively swamped with curse juices bubbling up from the big city (where all curses begin). She sets out to expel the evil with naught but her bow, her arrows, and a comically large maple leaf.Along the way she'll talk to NPCs for some world building, purchase items from vendors none-too-perturbed by the whole doomsday curse situation, find secrets (some well hidden, some requiring backtracking once you get the necessary item/ability a la Medroidvanias), and defeat a variety  of baddies and bosses.Combat is... visceral? But it's pretty basic. Land a few blows, dodge, heal or boost your attack, rinse and repeat. Learning the patterns is half the thrilling battle, and each boss has its own style. Some are small and quick, some are massive with equally large AOE attacks. Nothing felt gimmicky, and there were no “puzzle” bosses for better or worse... well, maybe ONE boss would constitute as a puzzle but I'd rather not spoil that.Each area of the world has a distinct flavor: there's a sunken graveyard full of debris and sea creatures, a gothic city basking in a red moon's glow, a picturesque forest, and much more. There was a “fire” world that left a lot to be desired but for roughly 90% of the game I was impressed at the scope and beauty of the world Bombservice crafted.It's just a great little game... took me about six hours to complete and I only have one achievement to show for it – lots of secrets and challenges for the achievement hounds among us. Momodora is not one to overlook, and I can't think of a single issue, not even a minor one.Not even some minor niggle.It's just that good, and well worth a full price purchase....And you can turn into a cat! That's priceless.  How many games let you turn into an adorable cat?"
76561198052994602,Recommended,428550,32897891,Posted: 27 June,all,MrNoski11z,"While it may not be for everybody, Momodora is one of those hidden gems everyone should play at least once.The art style is beautiful, the animations are fluid and the characters (even with the small amount of dialogue) have enough personality to get you picking favourites.While the game is short, it makes up for it with a large map filled with secrets and side quests.The controls are comfortable and combined with the combat make it a challenging experience that will leave you satisfied.Momodora; Reverie Under the Moonlight is definitely worth the $10.99."
,Recommended,428550,22929848,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Spooks,Expected a kawaii♥♥♥♥♥game. Got a side scrolling dark souls.10/10would buy something without doing research again.
,Recommended,428550,22211822,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tu🅱️es,"In my personal opinion, Momodora: Reviere Under the Moonlight is what the previous games in the series strived to be. The game started out slowly, with the first two bosses feeling like more polished Momodora 3 content. However, when I reached the third boss I fought I was astounded. Pardoner Fennel was what sold me on this game. That fight was amazing. In terms of mechanics, the game feels tight as previous games, but takes it in a more Souls-esque direction with the combat rolls and bell system. The general gameplay is much slower than previous games, but this game feels far better than any of the others. The platforming feels tight, the combat has weight to it, and the variety of equipment allowed me to take my playstyle in any direction I wanted. It holds tons of replay value, as after I played it the first time I went on to play it in both Hard and Insane. While I felt the game was too easy on normal and hard, insane provided the challenge and satisfaction of completing what the game had set before me. The bosses all drop unique equipment if you can defeat them without taking damage, something that I hope more developers take note of as I really loved this about Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight. The world map is reminiscent of Castlevania, littered with shortcuts like a 2d Dark Souls as you are allowed to go in any direction you want after a while. However, because everything is open the difficulty is stagnant for most of the game as nearly half of the game is approachable in nearly any order. My one gripe with the game is that the instant you learn the attacks of bosses they become relatively simple, even on Insane. My personal favorite boss, Archpriestess Choir, was a blast the first time I fought her on Insane, but the second time I breezed through as the only strength the bosses of this game have are that you do not know their moves the first time fighting them. If they improve the bosses' complexity for their next game, I don't know if I'll have any gripes with it at all.Pros:Great SoundtrackDecent ReplayabilitySatisfying CombatTight PlatformingGreat World DesignCons:Simplistic BossesLack of increasing difficultyDisappointing Final BossForgettable CharactersTl:drA memorable game with all the makings for a great Souls-esque Metroidvania that has hiccups in its simplistic bosses and stagnant difficulty.9.3/10 The best in the series."
,Recommended,428550,22783082,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,thePoark,"This game is fantastic and deserves way more attention than it seems to be getting.For context, I bought this game on a whim, with no prior experience with the series, as a recommendation in my Steam discovery queue.  I'm a pretty active ""variety"" player and try to keep up with new releases on Steam, so I was surprised both that I hadn't heard about it before, nor heard any community chatter elsewhere.It's a Metroidvania style platformer with strong, responsive controls, and enjoyable combat mechanics. My first hour or so was somewhat punishing -- it's an unexpectedly challenging game, but things really clicked for me after about 30-45 minutes, and I started enjoying myself quite a lot. I did my first playthrough in one sitting, in about 4.5 hours, and realized there are multiple endings, and things I missed, so I do plan to go back for another playthrough sometime soon. I'm not usually huge on replaying games (there are a lot of games, and I like to play a wide variety), but I had such a good time with Momodora, and there's enough here that compels me to see it through a second time.One of my favorite games so far this year. :)"
,Recommended,428550,21928186,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Durante,"I wasn't familiar with this series at all two weeks ago, but after playing Momodora III I knew I had to jump immediately into Reverie Under the Moonlight.In the big picture, it's a well-executed medium-length Metroidvania-style action platformer. What really makes it come together are the tight controls, great interconnected level design, and a moveset in which all the possible actions complement each other very well. It uses a setup very reminescent of Dark Souls when it comes to save points, useable items and eventually warping, and these mechanics help to keep up the tension throughout.Oh, and as someone who is indifferent to most pixel art, I still have to say that this game's art and animations are absolutely gorgeous and make the best of the medium."
,Recommended,428550,26530963,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Squire Grooktook,"Momodora: Reverie is a little bit action platformer, a little bit metroidvania, all atmosphere. As the adorable plucky priestess, Kaho, Players slash and explore their way through a seemlessly interlinked city of darkness, surviving from checkpoint to checkpoint.Drawing influence from the venerable Dark Souls franchise, Reverie is a bit more tight and action packed than the Castlevania titles that most gamers thoughts turn to when the subject of sidescrolling exploration is brought up. Checkpoints are carefully placed amongst challenging trap and combat entrenched gauntlets, and while there is room for exploration amonst its many alternate paths, Reverie slants itself towards brisk progression with a smaller and simpler world map.The labyrinthine world, magic powers acquired, and enemy and boss design are solid, if perhaps nothing truly oustanding. But Reverie's faster pace and greater emphasis on platforming give it a definite edge over its predecessors in the genre, in my opinion. Gracefully flowing through the periolous obstacle courses of Reverie's dungeons (as opposed to SOTN and its sequels ""rectangular room full of enemies"" level design) with Kaho's smooth movement controls is both fun and intense. And the pace and length of the game is suited well to arcade-y single sitting speed runs, making replays and challenge runs more exciting and more approachable.The real star of the show, however, is the atmosphere. The Dark Souls (and spiritual sister title, Bloodborne) series influence doesn't stop at the gameplay elements. Reverie's world is similarly bleak, haunted, and brutal. What really makes Reverie unique however, is its whimsy. The juxtaposition of cutesie fantasy character and monster designs with a plot that loves to tragically murder them creates an oldschool violent-fairytale vibe. At once lovably kooky, and morbidly bittersweet, Kaho's lonely journey is one worth taking.100% fun, and for a purchase made on a whim to test a new credit card, I was not expecting its world to hit me as much as it did. Quite honestly, if the upcoming SOTN spiritual sequel, Bloodstained manages to be half as good as this charming little title. I'll be genuinely surprised. Very much recommended."
,Recommended,428550,25974025,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tamath,"This game is astonishingly good.I wasn't ready for just how dark this game was going to get - after a cutesy opening area the game gets really dark, really fast, and really uses its pixel art and accompanying soundtrack to create an atmosphere that's downright oppressive.The controls are really tight and the roll and (later) air dodge feel really good. I finished the game on Medium which offers a decent challenge (I died I'd say somewhere around 20 times over the course of the playthrough).The game is short, but these days my time is at a premium and I really love these one-nighter kinds of games for those rare days I actually get time to sit and down and play games for a good chunk of time. Instead, the length is pretty well pitched - the pace of the game never falters and is far from outstaying its welcome by the end. I much prefer a tight, if brief game, than a bloated one with hours upon hours of repetitive sidequests. In any case, like many 2D classics, from Metal Slug to Kero Blaster, it's all about the replayability - and I think I'd like to take this one on on Hard (and maybe Insane).tl;dr I finished this game in one sitting because it was too good to put down. Buy it."
,Recommended,428550,23823019,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,glue eater,cute souls
76561198076603646,Recommended,428550,32441608,Posted: 15 June,all,Dad,"Good game, nice branching paths, I like the branching +checkpoints system (a la Dark Souls) It creates a sense of danger and fear.I would have liked a little more play time and a difficulty that scales a little more, because with this game (on hard) the beginning is harder than the ending."
,Recommended,428550,23602786,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BiggNife,"An overlooked gem. Great spritework, amazing music, solid combat and level design. If you like metroidvanias, I strongly suggest checking this out."
,Recommended,428550,22696321,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Goolies,"Fun and challenging metroidvania game with beautiful spritework and great music. Controls are tight and responsive. There are plenty of hidden items that provide some replay value. Definately worth the original asking price and a steal when it is on sale. But I know a review like this is not what you want to hear so let me just compare it to Dark Souls because everything is like Dark Souls. Dark Souls pioneered gaming as we know it, all hail Dark Souls."
76561198040876522,Recommended,428550,31473165,Posted: 30 April,all,Witch ~,"Amazing little gem with so many secrets packed in that it seems to almost explode from it.The whole world is connected with it in pretty clever ways, making exploring pretty fun. You will often find yourself in old places again after finishing a boss or unlocking one of many shortcuts.The way the secret ending is hidden ""could"" have been done better. But atleast it wasn't too hidden, making it unlocking the true ending pretty simple for many folk."
,Recommended,428550,30432153,Posted: 10 March,all,Yodzilla,"This entry in the Momodora series is the biggest and most polished and a great little Metroidvania. It has some Dark Souls inspiration (dodge roll, story tone, and the way items refill at shrines) but don't be scared off as it's 90% a 'vania.This game has tight controls, the combat feels great, and some super charming artwork. Environment, enemies, and bosses are well designed too.I do think it has some small niggles though. Mainly the fast travel is overly confusing and poorly implemented. There are only a few shrines you can travel to but it's not obvious why or where they are since you pick a zone from a list instead of selecting the specific shrine from the map. This makes backtracking to find secrets and shops kind of a pain, especially so since shop placement is fairly random and they don't show up on the map.Still this is well worth anyone's time and a pleasure to play. There are three difficulties and lots of secrets to help power you up if the going gets tough. Explore! I'll certainly check out the earlier games now."
,Recommended,428550,34543795,Posted: 27 August,all,Cardare Anbraxas,"tl;dr: Buy. If you're a metroidvania fan then you'll in all likelihood love Momodora: RutM.As someone who has gone from Dust and Ori, I found this installment (this was my first) of Momodora really easy to pick up. Has really nice fluid combat that you have to master as the game goes on. Pick up collectables to enhance your abilities, and switch and swap passive and active skills to give you just the right advantage to face the enemy that lays before you.You'll probably die a lot, but like Ori the soundtrack doesn't instill a sense of urgency. Saving is manually triggered at save bells throughout, and unless it's been quite some time since you last saved your progress you won't feel too much concern about dying. A number of events occur throughout to give you pause for thought and by the time you've completed the game you'll be begging for more.Cons? Perhaps a little short. I went for completion and on my first run I 100%'d the map, defeated the optional boss, and obtained all the collectables, resulting in the game being complete in its entirety as far as I'm aware. This being said, with over 100 rooms, each individually and meticulously designed with aesthetic and challenge, areas with accompanying soundtrack, and a vast array of mobs and monsters to keep you on your toes a lot of love and work has gone in to this.I wish I could erase my own completion of this from my head, so I could do it all over again. It was a joy to play, and I'll be looking forward to their next project. Meanwhile I'll be checking out the older Momodora games...*hours on record is wrong - I played this whilst I had no internet connection.Edit for idiom correction."
,Recommended,428550,21651110,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Nese,"What a strange little game. Most people seem to call it a mixture of Castlevania SOTN and Dark Souls, which I somewhat agree with. It clearly has drawn inspiration from the gameplay of SOTN and the story/lore of Dark Souls. But it lacks the depth of them.I just beat the game in 3 hours and 34 minutes with 97% of the map discovered, which kind of confused me. Is the game pulling a SOTN twist on me? Is there an upside down castle somewhere? Well, I got the achievement for ""True ending"", so I don't think that is the case, but I hope I'm wrong.The game started hard, really hard, and kept the difficulty up even after you learned the ropes by introducing a few new enemies and new bosses with their own patterns and strategies, but after getting the first (and as far as I know the only) upgrade to your weapon about 3/4 in, every boss battle turns into a joke. I beat the final boss in a single go in less than 3 minutes, which is disappointing to me. (I'm really hoping there is a ""true"" final boss to be discovered!)The OST is fantastic. Very moody piano stuff, again clearly inspired by SOTN.Gameplay wise, it's nothing special. I hate to keep referencing SOTN, but think of that, but dumbed down a bit. It's still very fun and feels good.My only complaint is that the game falls flat towards the end. It stops introducing new characters, throws an unnamed miniboss battle at you and suddenly you're in the last room of the game fighting the last boss.I guess the journey is more important than the destination in this case.And the journey was a good one."
76561198142171647,Recommended,428550,32471228,Posted: 16 June,all,Dave,"This game is beautiful, with tragic lore and sad stories. The characters are cute and so is the animation. I love those games with pixel style so I recommend Momodora.But there is something else you should know:This game is difficult. The contact damage and consequent knock back is quite annoying. This game also has an insane mode, where any creeps can kill you in one shot. If you do not enjoy dying try normal or easy mode."
,Recommended,428550,23032033,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Z. Choco-BOO,"This is a real good Casltvania SotN-style game. It took me just under 6 hours to beat on Normal. Well worth the $10 price.My only real gripes are that I dislike the instant death spike pits. Id much prefer if they took off a large amount of health. I think every bell should be able to be warped to and that the warping should be done on the map, where you can see the actual location you're going to. Those are the only flaws I can think of and they are reall just totally personal. The game controls great, the musics pretty good and the animations and art are beautiful. This is probably the best Souls-like 2D platformer I have played, personally. Though, the similarities are a bit minor. Its clearly more of a Symphony of the Night-inspired game than a Souls-inspired game. The bosses are all pretty fun and unique. The subtle story is a nice touch, too. I wonder why not many people seem to talk about this game? Total reccomendation to anyone that wats a simpler Symphony of the Night.."
,Recommended,428550,21623763,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nabst,ChallengingGreat AtmosphereGreat SoundtrackGreat VisualsGreat Game.
,Recommended,428550,25516712,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Yono,"Underlooked gem, feels like if Super Metroid and Dark Souls had a love child and made it kind of creepy-cute. Buy this game, I'd put it up there with Shovel Knight and Cave Story as the great retro games."
,Recommended,428550,29489500,Posted: 25 January,all,Nico,"This is one of those games that changes very dramatically on a second playthrough, once you know the game mechanics better.The first playthrough played like a standard Castlevania-like exploration adventure. Close range attacks, long range attacks, double jump, dodge. Use found items and abilities to progress to new areas. You know the drill.I was very delighted by the art, music, and pacing. It's fantastic. It's a thrill to just wander around the map. But it's not just pretty aesthetics, unlike other indie games with retro aesthetics that get very bland very fast (90% of indie games on steam). Momodora has very polished game mechanics that makes combat very satisfying, and has depth that teaches itself which great storytelling sensibility, without hyperkinetically filling your screen with stats and hints like other games on this genre do (hello Valdis Story).My first playthrough took me about five hours, and a healthy dose of retries over bosses that took me awhile to figure out. Then after finishing it it took me about two more hours to quickly rush through New Game+ to find all missing collectibles.So far, great. Then I went for Hard Mode and Insane Mode.At first, it seems a bit overwhelming (going from a huge lifebar to dying from a couple of hits, or just one hit in Insane mode), but there's a catch you most likely will miss on your first playthrough: you get VERY powerful equipments and items when defeating bosses without getting hit. Suddenly, equipping the right stuff at the right moment is everything, and the game's mechanics get a lot deeper than the first time around. You also realize just how non-linear the world is: after an introductory area, the four next main areas at the middle of the game can be tackled literally at any order before going for the final two. And figuring out the most efficient route reduces the average 5 hours of a first playthrough (according to howlongtobeat dot com) to as little as 1 hour. This might sound like a problem, but it's actually a design choice: it's a game designed to reward mastering. Similar to what made game like Castlevania Symphony of the Night and the first few Mega Man X so damn replayable.To people familiar with the games that inspired this one, you'll feel right at home. It's a short but sweet ride that'll keep you comming back for more, wishing there were more new games as fine as this one around. It feels very polished, with lots of attention to details and replay value. I hope other small studios planning to take a chance at this genre are taking notes."
76561198094931214,Recommended,428550,21738990,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Geothermal,"Having played all 4 Momodora games, and after beating this one 3 times as of writing this review i have to say this one is now my all-time favorite. My favorite before this game was momodora 2 because of exploration alone. momodora 3 was a great title as it was closer to a megaman zero style of gameplay. But with all that said let’s talk about Reverie Under the Moonlight shall we?**NO SPOILERS**-Exploration/Environment/Details and Secrets-Before this game came out i was very worried that it would have the same fate as Momodora 3, a great game that ended too short, due to little exploration. I’m glad that the developers took note on this issue and greatly expanded the world of Momodora 4. if you played Castlevania symphony of the Night you'll feel right at home with Momodora 4.This world is also filled with character puzzles to solve, Hidden passages, mini Quests which reward you with either a weapon upgrade or an item with an effect. This open world environment similar to symphony of the night is what the momodora series needed (momodora 2 comes pretty close though).gameplay/references/art stylei can't help it but I’m getting the feeling that Momodora 4 borrowed some elements from BloodBorne (which is a good thing) . Even the first enemies in the game can still pose a threat if you don't respect them enough (very similar to the soul’s games). When seeing the combat/dodging system in the trailer i felt like it was going to be a useless gimmick of the game... boy was i wrong! Similar to devil may cry, if you don't figure out the boss/enemies attacks and you don't dodge them right you will die... A LOT! As for references to other games i feel this game borrows elements from: bloodborne, Metroid, castlevania , and megaman zero. On that note I have to say I’m impressed by the way I found NO GLITCHES in the game so far and the mechanics of the game run solid and smooth.Replay valueThis game has great replay value! If you beat the game with a “good ending” the game gives you the option to replay it with most of the items you picked up but from the beginning of the game! This gives the player a great chance to help a character they might have missed or choose a different method of doing things.Religion?Like it or not, this game is heavily religious based although it’s more of the “momodora religion” then something real. But this actually made me think “what would a priestess do?” as certain parts of the game had you choose in somewhat a religious manner. Being non-religious myself I had no problem with this element in the game.EndingsLike other momodora titles you must achieve certain items by helping some characters (or if you find the item through hidden parts of the game) in order to get the True ending. This gives character design more importance and meaning as you take the time to understand each character and their specific needs.-Music-The music was great as always, I feel the music this time around tried hard to be bloodborne with a momodora sytle but that’s just my personal opinion.In conclusion I have played many a game in my day and I have to say that this one is definitely a Triple A title! I feel this game was a great mile stone in the series and it will establish an even bigger fan base. I feel this 4th installment sets a new tone for the development team as before they were small and now they put a Big game out there and for many this is their first momodora game.I don’t rate games this high often but I have to say this game is easily a 9/10.A damn good game!"
,Recommended,428550,26009838,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,iSam,Fans of Super Metroid & Castlevania: Symphony of the Night absolutely need to play this game. 10/10
,Recommended,428550,34279970,Posted: 16 August,all,Gweilo,It's like Dark Souls but with leaves.
,Recommended,428550,28133407,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Karrabba,"Momodora is like if Bloodborne and Super Metroid had a beautiful love-child who was really into anime.  The game is kinda short, but this is definitely a case of quality over quanitity.  The pixel art is beautiful, the music is inspired, the controls are tight and responsive, and the tone/ambience is very much on par with what you'd expect from a soulsbourne game.  Momodora also takes inspiration from anime, but in the best kind of way.  The characters, and even some of the enemies, are strong and adorable in equal measure.  There's a layer of light-hearted cuteness that is subtle enough not to clash with the creepy setting, but rather serves to simply keep your spirits high in the midst of the challenges placed before you.  And the game does present a significant challenge, though I should note that I did play through it on hard difficulty.  Both the moment-to-moment stage traversal and the boss fights feel fair, balanced, and well-thought out.  The boss fights are of particular note in that they do not simply represent a challenge.  These encounters are engineered in such a way that they draw on your emotions and tug at your heart strings.  Again making the comparison to soulsborne games, I was at times reminded of fights such as Lady Maria from Bloodborne and the False Idol from Demon's Souls, just to name a couple.  Also, there's tons of secrets hidden throughout the game, and finding them all feels rewarding.  Everything you do in this game feels rewarding, regardless of how you decide to approach it.  There's no filler or fluff.  It's just 100% good, solid fun."
76561198073841664,Recommended,428550,23245107,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,gonzo191,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight or Momodora 4 is a short but sweet metrodvania styled tale of a shrine maiden who's tasked with cleansing the world of evil.Pros+ The pixel art style looks great. I'm not usually a fan of pixel art style but for some reason I love the look here.+ The audio and music are a treat and they feel eerie at times+ The combat is much improved from the previous Momodora games. This time, you can actually perform combos with your titular primary weapon the leaf. Accompanying your primary you also have a bow as a secondary weapon which replaces your charms from the previous. Equip-able items also makes a return with some added stat based benefits like add poison to attacks. You also have a dodge roll which allows you to roll through enemies at close range. Learn to master this as it's essential in boss battles.+ The gameplay is challenging, I played on Normal and found that there was a good mix of challenge.+ Fun and memorable boss battles. In the previous games some boss battles were kind of unfair a bit but now they've improved quite a bit.+ The achievements, if you're up for it seem like a blast to attain.+ Controls are nice and tight and extremely responsive. No slippery nonsense here.Cons- There's no indication of how long you can stand in poison gas before you're poisoned. Though minute it's still applicable.- The map needs to be more legible with markings for what area is which. Often times you'd get confused as to which area is which when attempting to warp.Irritations+/- Boss can break out of their ""hitstun"" with no warning causing you to take unnecessary damage. Even though this can be avoid it's really annoying when it happens.+/- Your jump height feels too small often times you have to use your double jump or jam down on the button too hard just to ensure you get the extra height.+/- Can't warp to every bell in the game only a select few. The can prolong the backtrack quite a bit.+/- A bit short but I rather it be short, sweet and fun than introduce filler for the sake of it.VerdictThis is without a doubt the best in the series so far. It combines aspects of 2 and 3 with a tiny bit of Souls and a lot of SoTN for a fantastic game. Even though the game is short around 6 hours on Normal it doesn't fill like it's filled with any filler type bits nor does it overstay its welcome. I must say it's one of my favourite games for the year so far."
76561198126076637,Recommended,428550,26464060,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Lunar Bird,"The atmosphere IS the story.You're fighting to save the world from corruption, and it's like the world actually has a persona.It's awesome."
,Recommended,428550,25063965,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Groen90,"VERY good metroidvania, even though a little bit too short (your first run will probably be 6 hours without going for 100%), I would have loved a couple more areas and bosses, but what I got here is so good that I don't mind at all.THE GOOD+ Controls feel VERY good, not once have I died or even took damage because of them, if you mess up it is 100% your fault;+ 3 + 1 difficulty settings;+ Nonlinear;+ Lots of helpful items, everything's useful for a different scenario, but you never find yourself depending on them;+ A fair amount of secrets and illusory walls;+ Replay value; (2 endings, NG+, unlockable Insane mode, achievements for pacifist and no-death runs)+ Well animated pixel graphics;+ Fitting BGM;+ Silent protagonist; (yes this is a plus)+ Female protagonist; (also a big plus)+ Protagonist can transform into a cat;+ So many things remind me of Dark Souls and Castlevania: mainly the atmosphere, and also the music, the bosses, the NPCs, the item descriptions revealing bits of lore... and so on, but I don't want to sound like ""lololol dork soulz ripoff xd""THE BAD- Not enough traps;- Not enough ambushes;- Not enough spikes;- Not enough bewb slapping;"
,Recommended,428550,21652367,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,15,Imagine if Cave Story had a baby with Dark Souls. That's basically this game.Good stuff.
76561198122241353,Recommended,428550,22697176,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BlueFulcon,"Momodora. Oh Momodora.I played a bit of the first two and beat Momodora III, and i must say, the new ones get better and better, but this was a huge gap. Compared to the rest of the series, this is, without a doubt the best entry.Pros:>very very fun>challenging>very cute and pretty art style>you get to play as a cat>very soothing musicCons>can be pretty difficult (especially some of those achievments)>thats itEven if you havent played the others, play this anyway, its super duper good"
,Recommended,428550,21653945,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Luawolfie,"Who knew a maple leaf was a good weapon for melee fights? This game looks truly gorgeous and the animations are pretty fluid and have weight and character. There's different visual effects for a lot of abilities and enemies. The enemy designs are very diverse and interesting. Momodora: RUtM gives you a challenge even on normal difficulty but it doesn't feel unfair, save points are spaced pretty well. The game lets you explore at your own pace and theres many secrets to find.I haven't finished the game yet but will probably update my review later. But so far, I'd say it's worth the money if you enjoy 2d platformers with simple combat. I enjoyed the previous game and I'm sure you'd enjoy this game as well if you were a fan of Momodora III."
,Recommended,428550,24329516,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,sfried,"In a post-Shovel Knight era, it's hard to look at the ""Indie"" label without a scrupulous eye for game design that doesn’t merely leverage on nostalgia nor old-school aesthetics. Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is the 4th installment of a series of games developed by Guilherme Martins “rdein” that demonstrates how far a developer could go just from learning and improving upon a solid foundation and refining its execution, regardless of looks. At first glance, it might seem like another action exploration platformer in the same vein as Guacamelee, Super Metroid and post-Symphony of the Night Castlevania titles (often referred to as metroidvania). In fact, it shares more in common with the classic style Castlevania than, as others might claim, Dark Souls. Despite all semblances, Reverie manages to feel fresh and engaging; it doesn’t feel like just a mishmash of the aforementioned games. It manages to carve its own identity using the series own roots as a basis.The Momodora games started out as action adventure games that bear more similarities to Daisuke “pixel” Amaya’s indie hit game Cave Story. The first game, in particular, shared similar super-deformed aesthetics as its source inspiration with the main character taking up the width and height of one in-game block. The game had a more linear focus with regards to its level design. Numerous weapon pickups were available, but the most apparent was the magic leaf that Isadora, the protagonist, wields as her primary melee attack as she desperately finds a way to revive her mother from mortality. This becomes one of the defining traits of the series continuing with the second game, Momodora II: Once again playing a female protagonist wielding a maple leaf, this time a girl named Momo, you’re out to hunt for the Undead Queen. Progression has been expanded upon to that of a standard metroidvania with ability based upgrades along with a more open world design. The presentation itself has taken an upgrade, and players would save and restore health in the now series-familiar prayer bells. By the 3rd game, players could choose to play either as Momo or Isadora, with boss battles becoming a prominent highlight, doubling in number from the previous installment. Momodora III opts for a more solid palette of colors accompanied with a cleaner design, showcasing more nuanced sprite animation than its predecessors. This is helped by the variety of environments with its distinct set of vibrant palettes.All of these aspects coalesce resulting in this latest entry. Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight has the open-world design of Momodora II, the equipable item ability from Momodora III, and a protagonist who was merely hinted in lore from the previous games. You play as Kaho, a priestess hailing from the village of Lum, seeking a way to stop a curse from spreading to her homeland by traversing the Kingdom of Karst. Like its predecessors, themes of death and the sending off of spirits once again crop up. Not only does it feel darker in tone, but Reverie leverages on its evolved presentation, with the primary cast and non-playable characters represented in a less abbreviated stature than in the former games, putting more focus on positioning, dodging, and chaining attacks, with environmental and enemy placement feeling more dense, focused, and compact. Every screen prepares the player to be on their toes for an encounter, as seldom are there just rooms which merely serve as vistas for items and NPCs: While previous games in the series are no stranger to emphasizing enemy placement, Reverie does pull new tricks up its sleeve with regards to diversity and how they control the space within the screen, as often times one might feel pinned down in an inopportune spot, yet never does it feel unfair. Unlike preceding games, Kaho can now roll to get behind enemies to hit them from behind and pass otherwise undodgeable attacks unscathed. Combat is also more nuanced and meaty; there is a sense of weight to each stroke of the leaf Kaho unleashes and even the arrows she fires has a nice sense of swiftness, and all of this is mesmerizingly animated by the wonderful sprite work with a wide breath of expressiveness. Controlling the game not only look great, but feels right.Reverie features a handful of entertaining and challenging boss battles. New to the series are obtaining items from bosses upon defeating them without getting hit (A similar reward mechanism is also present in Mega Man Zero 2). While these items are not prerequisite to obtaining the true ending of the game, many who feel the urge to get 100% completion (or are just obsessive compulsive like me) might find this feat particularly daunting, especially for first-time playthroughs. Luckily, a New Game + mode unlocks upon completion of the game and retains all your collectibles and most of your upgrades including your completed map, allowing to set oneself properly for the encounter ahead.In terms of scope and design, Reverie’s open-world has a nicely knit network of areas that, while large, never feels overwhelming; backtracking is alleviated by some smart design choices, and retraversing sections to get from one screen to the next never felt like a chore. The map itself not only houses a handful of secrets, but places them in areas which make backtracking feel rewarding (This is not an easy feat to pull off, as many developers would sometimes keep upgrades and ability items as a sole reason to backtrack, not in-spite of). To help with matters, much like in Momodora III, prayer bells would eventually let you warp back to previously explored areas. Exploring 100% of the world is not that difficult a task, but the game itself is by no means too short.Which brings us to Reverie’s overall length: After traversing 7 unique areas, the game never overstays its welcome and ends right before things begin feeling rote. Even despite repeated playthroughs, there are so many approaches one could take thanks to its non-linear progression: After the first boss, it is possible to beat consecutive bosses in any order which you see fit. The abilities you gain from each defeated boss can be subsequently used to your advantage in any other boss fight, creating a form of Mega Man style effect of boss progression. It is also possible to beat the game without defeating a single common enemy (known in-game as a Pacifist run), or try for the Insane difficulty that leaves you to perish in one hit; These are more bragging rights rewards than anything, but the fact that the game can be played and completed in either fashion shows how much thought went into its design.If one is interested in wanting to see how far a single designer could take their idea by learning from each iteration, the Momodora series would be considered a textbook example of how to refine a franchise: Taking inspirations from various games, learning to experiment and keep what works, trim what doesn’t, while holding steadfast to the core principles, which in this case, is a maple leaf."
,Recommended,428550,24977000,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,harlequin,"The review featured below can be seen with glorious images and captions onVox Ludicus- below, everything but them.Reverie Under the Moonlight is the fourth entry in the Momodora series, a fast-paced action game which clearly draws from games such as Metroid, Cave Story and Dark Souls. Within a genre that the developers have been working on for the past years, the question that I asked myself when I first went into the game – having only played Momodora III before – was how much of an identity it managed to have. Here’s what I found out.The first thing that I have to mention are the aesthetics of the game: from the detailed pixel art and varied animations given to each interaction and creature in the game, to the lush backgrounds and appropriately haunting soundtrack, there’s much to praise in both the game’s style and the cohesion of its elements. Nothing feels out of place, and the bizarre characters you’ll find – from speaking skeletons to rude imps and talking cats – all add up to contribute toward the worldbuilding and lore of the series.In terms of gameplay, Momodora contrasts with most of its genre brethren – if you were to classify it as a MetroidVania – due to its inherent simplicity. There are two types of attack – a melee attack with your sacred maple leaf, which you can chain up to three times; and a ranged attack, with a bow, that you can charge to shoot in multiple directions or to fire rapid volleys of arrows. Combat is slick and unforgiving, with Kaho unable to take more than a few hits before dying, and the boss fights were particularly entertaining, as I had to switch between bow and leaf regularly, dodging projectiles all the while, with the added incentive of bosses dropping special items if you defeat them without getting hit. You start the game with the ability to double jump and dash, which grants you invulnerability frames, and in terms of navigational capacity you won’t unlock much: only a cat form, which allows you to access smaller places; and an aerial dash, which makes platforming and fighting easier without actually opening up any new areas.The other items and collectibles you can find are either generic, such as slight increases to your health pool, ivory bugs you can exchange for items or additional bellflowers (the game’s potion, or estus flask given it replenishes at save points), or non-game-changing – from active items that allow you to summon damaging winds and protective spheres to passive ones that make your arrows poisonous or increase your leaf’s damage. Since they don’t open new locations or drastically change the way you play the game, going after these is entirely optional. This makes Reverie Under the Moonlight a game light on backtracking – it took me just under twelve hours to 100% the map, find all the items and collect all the ivory bugs, done in two playthroughs, and you can expect your first, regular playthrough to last anywhere between four and six hours.Aside from finding everything in the game, beating it on hard mode unlocks the insane difficulty, which makes everything kill you in one hit. Conversely, if you’re not fond of challenges you can turn it down from normal to easy. While the game itself is rather lean, it encourages multiple playthroughs by means of different endings and the higher difficulties.In terms of story, Reverie Under the Moonlight is a patchwork of different tales and stories – told by the world’s inhabitants you meet – and never does it get any clearer than cryptic. A curse has settled in the city and its surrounding areas, and because of it many people are suffering – including those of your village – and as the High Priestess of Lun it’s your job to seek out the Queen and find a way to seal this curse. I found it borrowed a lot from Dark Souls’ way of storytelling, with little explicitly told to you but much to find out in the item descriptions and optional dialogues. There’s also a huge bell you can hit at the top of a tower.It’s by merit of the mysterious, dark world and its no filler design that Reverie Under the Moonlight carves out a spot in a genre that’s known for lengthy affairs and complex, backtracking-intensive maps. This is also the fourth game in the series, and it shows: gone are the clearly Cave Story-inspired graphics and designs, replaced by a new, exclusive artstyle that’s great to look at, specially when in motion, and as good looking as the series has ever been. It’s short enough that it doesn’t lose momentum, but by the time I had finished it twice I felt like it had content in just the right measure, and enough of a challenge in its core gameplay that I enjoyed the process of learning each section and boss fight until I knew it by heart. For those fond of Cave Story, Metroid or Castlevania games and even Dark Souls, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a game I absolutely urge you to play."
,Recommended,428550,29360784,Posted: 19 January,all,Tails' Cash Explosion,I kept watching gameplay of this game and for some reason I didn't think I would like it.  It just looked too easy.  But I went for it and put it on hard mode...whoever I watched...they weren't playing on hard mode...I love this game.
,Recommended,428550,28811746,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pr0cyon,"Beautiful Art, Amazing Music, Good Bosses, Good Controls, Nice Story,Hard in just the right way. Only real bad side is that it ended too quickly."
76561198067828915,Recommended,428550,31517354,Posted: 2 May,all,SolomonsDespair,"Even with the good reviews and the gameplay footage I wasn't too sure what to expect. What I found was a crisp and simple game that hit all the right notes. Here's the breakdown:The Good - The controls are nice and tight, which is essential for games with platforming like this one. I found myself able to jump onto tiny platforms and spaces without much difficulty even early on in the game. The combat controls are also exactly right. I also appreciated the simplicity of the game overall, with just the right number of items to collect, just the right amount of ambiance without getting heavy handed in the styling, and just enough of a story to make the game feel like it has some sort of purpose without it being a slog through piles of pointless dialouge.The Bad - I wish the game had widescreen support, but that is more of a wish than a complaint. Otherwise there is not much else to mention here. As long as you are comfortable with the fact that this is a relatively simple title, and you are a fan of Metroidvania style adventuring and platforming, you will not find anything here to rub you the wrong way.The Verdict - Fair warning, the learning curve is just a little bit steep in the beginning, but by the end of your first playthrough you will just float through the game. Not many titles manage to hit that sweet spot, and this game surprised me in that way. The whole thing is well designed, even if it doesn't necessarily add anything to the genre. So, if everything I have mentioned so far really connects with you then I think you will like this title too."
,Recommended,428550,22205536,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,natie,"I've played through both Momodora II (a free game available off Steam) and III and have always been a huge fan of the games' visual aesthetic (which has gotten progressively better with each installment), but I always believed the actual gameplay of the series was only decent. III in particular wasso closeto being a great game, but the permanent death pitfalls which were prevalent everywhere didn't mesh well with the style the game was going for: a more Metroid styled game with emphasis on combat. I still consider Momodora III to be a fine game, and would recommend playing through at least that game before this to see the recent progression in the series (especially seeing as the game is currently only $4!)The reason I suggest playing III before Reverie Under the Moonlight (RUtM) is because the progression from that game to this one isastounding. Visually, this game is staggering: I'd go as far as to say it features my favorite pixel art of any game I've ever played. The screenshots and trailer are flattering but still fail to fully express just how much of an artistic triumph the game's visuals are. Despite this, the visuals aren't the most noteworthy improvement in RUtM, rather, it's the gameplay which finally excels beyond just ""good enough"". The game's controls are responsive, simple, and intuitive; for example, the melee attack can be chained into a simple 3 hit combo which is powerful at the expense of (fair) vulnerability. Unlike prior entries in the series, RUtM features enemies which not only look nice, but actually present challenge to the player, especially in situations with small mobs. Most of my deaths in RUtM resulted from misplaying against enemies rather than the dreaded pitfalls of Momodora III, which to me was far less frustrating. As (many) others have mentioned, the game also draws a fair bit of influence from the Souls series as well. The challenging enemies, bosses, and active item system all are easily comparable to Dark Souls counterparts, for example, the HP-restoring Bellflowers in the game are basically the Momodora Estus flask, refilling whenever you reach a save point. This is a very good thing, as the challenges in RUtM require the player to actually ""git gud"" and learn enemy/boss patterns and play mindfully rather than just mindfully hack and slash away enemy hordes. Bosses have always been a strength of the Momodora series, and RUtM delivers a large handful of bosses which demand pattern recognition and are difficult, but immensely satisfying to defeat.I have few faults with RUtM, and almost all of them have to do with the game's brevity rather than its core. I'm not talking about the duration of the game (took me ~6 hours to beat and there is a New Game+ which I'll be playing through in the future), but rather aspects of the game which I believe could have been more thoroughly implemented. Passive equipment is present in the game, but there really aren't many choices and some of the passive items are blatantly superior and eat away your very limited equip slots. Additionally, the currency in the game (munny, which functions EXTREMELY similarly to Souls in Dark Souls) is abundant but there really aren't enough merchants in the game. The merchants thatarein the game don't sell many items at all, having at most 3 items for sale. While exploration in the game is encouraged and there are several notable rewards awaiting more prying players, I really wish there were more ""hidden"" areas, especially ones which rewarded the player with weapon upgrades, good passive equipment, etc.In short, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a game which really is as nice (perhaps even better) than it looks and is the first installment in the series I'd call an excellent game. Its shortcomings simply add up to it leaving you wanting more, rather than being disappointed with the game itself. $10 is a steal for a game with this much polish!"
,Recommended,428550,28658328,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MrGarunimo,"An outstading game. It definately brings me vibes of Dark Souls nearly throught out the whole game! The way the save points work, the heals and the world atmosphere is awesome. Like literally playing a relatively easy 2D version of DS. I truly recommend this awesome game!P.S: It even has NG+"
76561197967079187,Recommended,428550,21627227,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Neon Penguin,"Early thoughts on the game:This was so worth the wait between 3 till now.Graphics:You can see how much work went into the environments feeling atmospheric and awesome. Enemies feel at home with the different area locations. THE BACKGROUNDS are phenominal. I loved Momodora 1 - 3, but this game with only 2 hours under my belt, feels every bit better than its predecessor, in the same way that each game has felt more and more its own, and as far from a cave story clone as you can get.Music:right from the main menu splash screen is spot on.Gameplay:Is it hard - Yes? I feel challenging is more appropriate. But the balance is more towards generic enemies do a ton of dmg per hit. Not insta kill, but enough that you should always attack first and see if their not hostile later.Thank you to the developer for including a SotN style map. This was my only problem with Castle in the Darkness, so much so that I spent 3 days making a map for the community. So I appreciate it to no end that it was part of development.Everyone who contributed to this games patreon, thank you.This is the metroidvania game that we have all been waiting for, and I need to get back to playing."
,Recommended,428550,21660035,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kazumi,"Just by lookin' at the trailer and reading a few of these reviews down here should already give you the notion and belief that at one point in this game you'll get to beat up a big boob witch's bewbs (Which happens to be her only hitbox) with a maple leaf and watch them bounce around as she lobs energy balls at your face.Which happen to hurt.A lotI mean like, there are loads of other kewl boss battles and stuff here too...but I guess that might be the main highlight for some peeps.The game is really kewl. (Pros)The music is pretty guudThe boob witch battle is pretty guudThe animations and artstyle are one-of-a-kind adorable. (Everything feels polished)The combat is my absolute fave like gioEHQIJakytdozkhwskhwa <3 (Skill-based, action-packed, fluid, dodges, loads of items & attacks, difficult)People keep comparing this game to Dark Souls, and I can't help but sorta agree as if this is Dark Soul's 'lil cute sis that'll sorta still♥♥♥♥ you upand kick you in the guts till you vomit out all your candy and pray for sweet mercy and hope that a magical priestess will save you.I personally thought the characters were very nice, although it must be noted that there is only a handful of dialogue, and the majority of your journey is rather lonely.The atmosphere is wonderful, shifting from peaceful, to a depressing, hopeless, hostile environment. D:I'd say it's the best $10 I spent.Try it.Oh. Negatives. (Cons)The final boss isn't that great(Three transformations, but generally uninteresting and pretty easy compared to the other boss battles.)Story sorta drops during the final portion of the game.(No new characters, a final boss with a... sorta buildup... you feel a little empty.)There's a lack of music in some areas.For now, you are unable to re-configure the key-bindings(Patch 1.01c added customisable keys <3)I'd say the only gripes I had with the game is the final boss, and the lack of a Boss Rush Mode :<'Cuz dem battles are kewl yo, and I don't wanna keep loading back after I beat the game to fight them again :ctl;drDark Soul's kewt 'lil sis that'll beat you up. Final bit of the game is a bit lacking, but don't let that dissuade you from not getting this lovely game <3"
,Recommended,428550,26373875,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,gette,bloodborne meets castlevania
76561198043663035,Recommended,428550,21632298,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Owl,Smack Breasts with leaf
,Recommended,428550,33710867,Posted: 21 July,all,'LeoDiablo,"When a game is so good, that you regret to had it for free or at low price and not supporting the team who made this lovely game...PS: gonna buy the OST to catch my mistakes !"
76561198154595383,Recommended,428550,28593298,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,poetryofthedreams,Overall a great platformer with smooth controls and fun gameplay. That's all you ever need for a Metroidvania.My only two nitpicks:1. Some bosses are too easy.2. Game is short and can be finished in less than 5 hours. See my playtime.
76561198028049202,Recommended,428550,21968857,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Kupo Games,"I like the whole series, and this one is a big step up in terms of graphics - it's a very pretty game.It's quite hard, but not stupidly hard, and it's satisfying to play all the way through.There's some balancing issues though - the final boss is easier than a lot of earlier bosses, and poison absorption + poison arrows let's you heal yourself, which seems a bit overpowered."
76561198009595116,Recommended,428550,26328963,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Quamptox,"Loved it! Pretty hard, but lots of fun toys and an engaging set of enemies to learn. And a good metroidvania world to poke around in.Wish it was a little longer, but I guess that's the way the best games leave you feeling."
,Recommended,428550,25189632,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Div,"It’s a smooth, silky, moody game with beautiful locations and criminally low sales. You definitely should buy it, if you are into cute, but dusky metroidvania-esque games. It's not very big, nor superb, but still a good and solid game nonetheless.I could call this game a “cutelvania”, but it has somewhat grim and dark theme, which reminds me of certain game series where you must roll, not die, git gud, and replenish healing items at checkpoints. In this game, you will explore well-designed, melancholic and moody locations, fight various monsters and not so generic bosses.Gameplay: it is your classic metroidvania: you explore; you pull some levers; you find bosses; you defeat bosses; you aquire abilities to progress through previously blocked paths (there are not many of those, though). Actions like jumping, rolling (which has invincibility frames) and attacking all feel smooth, silky and very responsive — the character does exactly what you want. The combat is fair (I highly recommend playing on “hard”, since “easy” is just too easy), quick and more or less interesting.Story: sadly it's not that engaging and not very deep. I can accept environmental storytelling, with the lore hidden in shadows, item descriptions and character dialogues, but Momodora has none of that.Characters: Kaho will transform into a cat with a maple leaf in the teeth, which is lovely. Meow.P.S. For more hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,428550,22091904,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Walta,Murdered a giant witch by slapping her boobs with a maple leaf420/69 GOTY
,Not Recommended,428550,21679517,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Big Jumbo,"Before you react, read this: This review is OBSOLETE. I now recommend this game as a lot of things have been addressed. For preservation and ""I don't want my ratings cleared"" reasons, I'm not switching it to a yes but my current opinion is now YES.Note: I'm a big Momodora fan.Note 2: I got the True Ending on Medium.This game is kinda a one step forward, two steps back deal. If you haven't played Momodora 1, 2, and 3, here's a quick background:Momodora is a series that follows a shrine maiden (or two) as she is sent to defeat an evil queen of ___ who is the source of a curse on their village by wrecking♥♥♥♥♥♥with a maple leaf. They are all platformers, and they all feature both a melee attack and a ranged attack. The first one was just a level based game, the second one (my favorite and imo the top of the series) was a metroidvania with permanent passive upgrades, and the third one featured two characters, a return to linear levels, and a new passive item management system.This game is pretty much a mix of 2 and 3, with both passive permanent upgrades and additional charms you can equip for effects. It's also a metroidvania, but the level design is more linear than 2.So let's talk about the goods and the bads.Theme: Unlike the other games that were a bit more chipper, this game is rather dark. Yes it has cats, yes it has cute one eyed demons, but everything else is death and misery. It's a ""feel like crap"" ride until the end. If you're looking for anything uplifting or cute, look elsewhere, since you won't find it here.The story is... honestly pretty eh. It doesn't really do much to change the Momodora formula OTHER than make it darker, which just isn't enough. I don't really care about any of the chars and they don't have as much personality despite them saying more. Really story has never been Momodora's strong suite, and for some reason I felt like I cared even less about chars in this game than the other. Maybe it's because in this one they were forced more, DevArt OC melodrama style. It just didn't work. Even the evil queens in the other game seemed to have more personality, in this one I just didn't feel anything as I was fighting her.Graphics:Gorgeous. Nothing bad to say here. I liked the cute chibi chars of the other games but style wise I see why the artist wanted to move on. I only have one complaints: For some reason the devs decided to turn the lights off, Binding of Isaac Curse of Darkness style, for half the levels (there's an item to get rid of this for a minute or so but it's one use until you hit the next checkpoint.) It's not even a spelunky ""shroud of blackness,"" it's more like playing an original gameboy without a backlight. Either turn the brightness up on this game or you won't be able to see a thing. Seriously.Platforming:It's worse than the other games, honestly. Maybe it's the bigger hitboxes, or maybe it's the obsession with tiny platforms and one hit kill spikes in this game. The jump also feels shorter. There is a double jump, but it's Little Mac-level awful, and honestly I'm not quite sure why it's there. I feel like it used to be stronger when initially made but it was nerfed at some point, hard, and it really shouldn't have been. I often found myself jumping at a platform that I really felt I should be able to make but... can't. And it wasn't the metroidvania 'I'll get an upgrade for this later' (you don't) it was Maplestory Jump Quest level ""why can't I just hit this?""Combat:It's both better and worse, and altogether more defensive. For the first time ever, you now have a roll, and though it's a bit finnicky and doesn't quite 'feel' right to be honest, it's necessary to deal with like 3/4 of what this game throws at you. Altogether the attacks switched from platforming style 'jump/run from the bullets' to 'just roll.'Your maple leaf in this game is SIGNIFICANTLY slower and carries a whole lot less range. It also forces you significantly forward, which makes you often walk right into people's hitboxes. I mean, it's more interesting than the classic Momodora ""stand and mash attack as fast as you can"" but it's also more frustrating.Ranged seems to be the way to go, honestly. For the first time ever, this ninja shrine maiden has a bow instead of charms, and she spams arrows as fast as the other shrine maidens spam melee. Of course they deal almost no damage, though, and it takes a while, but it's the safest option.Difficulty:Right onto it. This game is really frickin' hard. For some reason, starting from Momodora 3 this game took a turn for ""you either get the easiest game ever or you pay dearly."" If you pick easy, expect an almost insulting level of easy - you're practically invincible. If you pick Normal, though, prepare for what another game would consider Hard. It's not even a fun kind of challenge difficulty, it's a frustrating difficulty.The bosses are meat shields that abuse the heck out of projectiles (roll often) or deal incredibly hard melee damage. They also seem to highlight all the issues with both platforming and combat. For example, one individual, the arsonist, cannot be attacked with melee. Why? Because though she has hitstun animations and it seems like the devs intended her to be melee-able, there is always fire on the ground around her. In other Momodora's you could stand and attack, but since attacking moves you forward in this game, you ALWAYS walk into the fire. Your only options are to either spam arrows and slooooooowly chip damage or wait for your partner (who's never elaborated on why she's there or helping you) to kill her for you (which takes a while.)In fact, almost all the bosses in this game encourage you to just stand and spam projectiles. There's one boss with a giant sword that deals more than half your life in melee damage. I spent an hour trying to take her down the hard way, but the fact that she always broke in and out of hitstun seemingly randomly and avoiding her finnicky sometimes pixel perfect attacks was just frustrating, and I instead decided to just pelt arrows until she died. Not what I consider fun, and compared to the other Momodra's bosses? Bad.There is also a specific collectible, the ivory bug, that is extremely hard to see. It's like 3 pixels or so and is often obscured by some foreground object. The challenge of collectibles should be uncovering the secret passage or doing the platforming challenge to get them, not seeing the dang thing.Etc.:There are some ""it's 2016 and this is the 4th game in the series so why is this still a thing"" problems with this game. See, I'm sure this was brought up before because Momodora 3 had the same issue: This game needs a serious epilepsy warning, when you get hit, it flashes bright red, when you die, it flashes red and black repeatedly and it hurts your eyes. If you fall into spikes prepare to get assaulted with both the flashing red of getting hit multiple times and then the death spam. Why can't we just do a pause and fade to black, Metroid style? Or just shake the screen? Anything but this works.Also, there aren't any recongifurable controls. I personally found the keyboard controls questionable and there were things I wanted to switch (I'd love to use space or F to roll instead of the out of the way Q) and everyone has their own opinions, so why force us to use these controls? I used the xbox controls and it gave you a whopping two configurations that switched two buttons and that's it. Again, it's 2016, this is the 4th game in the series, this problem was here in Momodora 3 too, why is this still a thing?Conclusion:Do I regret the 6 hours it took me to beat this game? No. Would I recommend it? Well, if you're a Momodora fan, or you're willing to put up with some pretty questionable design decisions, then okay. But I expected better from this series. Buy it to support the devs, but don't expect gold like Momodora 2. Yet."
,Recommended,428550,23856279,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Feels.exe,"A fantastic 2D platformer with great controls.The story is very minimalist, which adds to the beautiful world around the game.Great artstyle and gameplay aswell as tons of secret rooms, chests and items.Game is rather difficult but if you like a Metroidvania type of game, Get it now.(also, you can play as a cat :>)"
,Recommended,428550,26854569,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rinari,"Hey there! I want to tell you something.This game is magnificent!I were in a wonderful journey through the cursed melancholic world. World full of secrets and mysteries, interesting characters and dangerous creatures. You can feel that this world lives. Management and animation on top! Wonderfully drawn monsters and bosses (I really love pixel art in this game, (*___*) so beautiful).And you know...i just don't want to end this journey."
,Recommended,428550,33121213,Posted: 2 July,all,Yukari Talks Tanks,Oh boy is this game a gem. If you want a solid platformer game with a gorgeous sound track and animations then this is a game that would fit.
,Recommended,428550,34595616,Posted: 29 August,all,Nathan,"This game is worth getting for so many reasons. A FANTASTIC soundtrack, tight controlls, well written story, nice retro style graphics, and it is VERY fun to play. I've heard people call Momodora '2D Darksouls' and I can agree that it almost is. It's dificult game; but it is fair. The gameplay is very well done; everything feels as it should. Dodging is very smooth, attacks are satisfying to connect and movement is extremely fluid. The boss fights are enjoyable and chalenging; not to mention well worth fighting again. If you're a fan of orchestral style music; Momodora's OST is very nice to listen to. Everything about this game is well done, like the finest steak from a 5 star chef."
76561198022809927,Recommended,428550,25487182,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,nirab5,"Fresh off buying a 1080 GTX, this is the game I ended up playing first.  It's just that fun."
,Recommended,428550,32836536,Posted: 26 June,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:90% YES/ 10% NOGOODBeautiful art and animation. I'm a big fan of the creatures and main character design.Combat feels great. Dodges and air dashes give you options to time your attacks and the devs graciously put visual indicator effects on enemies right before they attack.Exploration is super rewarding, as you uncover the map to find bits of health upgrades and grind for passive item buffs.The intermingle of close quarters combat and range feels dynamic as you run around the battlefield. Often I'll try heavy dps items to see if I could melee burn through a boss and other times I'll stack a bunch of damage buffs on range to try ranged tactics.Music is greatly peaceful and relaxing.Boss fights are rather interesting. The designs were typically real cool looking and most of them varied up their combat so you felt like you had to really feel out the fight as you approach a new boss.I love that re-usable items replenish at save points.Simple story: you're sent to cleanse the land and help the castle. Never gets too complicated and never needs to.NEUTRALYou do have to redo all progress if you die and you get sent back to your last save, which CAN be frustrating. This means re-equipping items, re-acquiring health upgrades, and re-exploring the map. Luckily this is never too terribly frequent and the run to the boss was never extraordinarily bad. I'm not a gigantic fan of how games approach this, especially re-equipping items and re-arranging inventory, but it never felt like the boss runs were too heavily infested and no corridor ever felt too cheap with insta-death spikes.SUMMARYAn absolute delight that should be on everyone's radar. You can explore almost everything to your heart's desire and beat the game in under 4 hours, but there are plenty of challenge modes for the more daring."
,Recommended,428550,34127574,Posted: 9 August,all,Guisouro,Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a fun and challenging castlevania-like game. It offers a good challenge and very expressive pixel art graphics. Only downside for some might be the game's very low resolution (320x).
,Recommended,428550,23038278,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Moogle Emperor,"About three and a half hours intoMomodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight, I faced what may well be the best boss battle I've encountered in any game. It came at the midpoint of a period of wide-open exploration where I could've fought any one of four bosses, all of them interesting. That battle was extremely difficult, but never unfair, and when, after more deaths than I care to admit, I realized the mistake in spacing that had kept me from winning and corrected it, I had to give serious thought to whether this was the best game I'd ever played.Two hours later, it was over.I'd beaten the final boss (still fun, but nowhere near as exciting as that midpoint one), gotten the true ending and been dumped into new game plus with not much else to do. This prequel is the longest Momodora game, but its predecessors were exceptionally short.How important is the length of the game? For a Metroidvania title like this, a short playtime means not just less to enjoy, but less to explore. That glorious feeling of being able to go anywhere and face anything in whatever order I wanted ended all too soon.I unreservedly recommendMomodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight. It’s at turns beautiful, adorable, and unsettling, the controls are among the best I've ever played with, the level design is great, the boss design is better, and there's a stretch toward the middle of the game where it approaches legendary status. There's just ultimately not enough of it for it to stay there."
,Recommended,428550,23033362,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Poopsythe34,A great 2D platformer that reminds me a little of the Souls games. The atmosphere feels great and it doesn't really waste your time with any filler areas.It just feels really nice to play.
,Recommended,428550,21706410,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,۩ THE_Incinerate ۩,It one of the amazing game out  thereThe reasons.1- Awesome fight play.2- Big diversity of enemies.3-The places look great and look a life.4-Nice story .5-The game reward you for. Research and exploration for secrets.Thanks .
,Recommended,428550,21689988,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kirua,"Great gameplay, gorgeous art, powerful music... Momodora III was a cool game but this is on another level entirely.What particularly striked me is the attention to details (in animations, backgrounds and other things) despite the pixel style. You can tell they really cared about polishing every aspect of the game.The plot is minimalistic but the storytelling of the game goes beyond the (actually well written) few interactions with the characters, and seems to build mostly from the atmosphere of the various environments you explore. Also from a lot of details as I mentioned above (something as simple as the animation the character does when presenting herself tells a lot about her personality, for example).As far as the gameplay is concerned, the various movement techs + strategies required (particularly in higher difficulties) make it pretty interesting and challenging. Good enough to be considered seriously for speedrunning.The only thing I'm slightly reserved about is the enemy balance which could have been better imo. When playing in Insane, some of the early areas turn out to be the hardest because some early enemies are maddening. On the other hand, the final boss turns out to be relatively easy with a few dull phases.That's relatively minor concerns though and I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,428550,21679632,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zimmer,"Fluid action, great controls and atmosphere, a big world to explore, worth far more than the $9 asking price, buy it now!"
76561198076743999,Recommended,428550,32840553,Posted: 26 June,all,Gaiden,"The fourth game of the Momodora series and a prequel setwaybefore the events of the first Momodora game, Reverie Under the Moonlight is worth your time and money if you like metroid-vania esque games.+Good Soundtrack+Interesting World+You kill people with a Maple leaf+Fun bosses-Backtracking can get a little annoying (even with teleport)-Certian enemies and their positions can get annoying-You only get to slap Lubella's♥♥♥♥♥♥twice-Need to no-damage certain bosses to get key items to 100% the game*So basically, if you wanna kill people and monsters with a maple leaf and slap a giantess witch's♥♥♥♥♥♥ then this is the game for you.*It shouldn't need to be said, but these bosses are also the hardest bosses in the game for some."
76561198160868511,Recommended,428550,21682340,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"An impressive Metroidvania game with some elements taken from ""Souls"" games and a highly raccomanded game for fans of those as well as fans of 2d action games in general."
,Recommended,428550,26605915,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Garbage Factory,"I sold my Stattrak Tec-9 Issac Factory New for 15 dollars, and I bought this game withought much thought about it. It looked good, that's all the incentive I needed. What I didn't expect, however, was to find that this is one of my most favorite games I have ever played in my life. Everything is great, from the art and music, to the gameplay and story. This game is like a 2D Dark Souls in terms of gameplay, featuring rolling, bosses, save/warp points akin to bonfires, dying,  backtracking, difficulty, and dying. At the begining of this game, you'll be a bad player that dies a lot. And at the end of it, you'll be a good player that dies a lot. Some enemies from the begining areas of the game can take off big chunks of your health if you aren't paying attention. The bosses are even worse than the rest of the fray, most taking me multiple tries to beat them. This game isn't hard to the point of dissatisfaction, however. Killing monsters and progressing forwards feels good, and makes you interested in what fate our little redhead priestess finds at the end of her journey. That is, if you can even get her there.WIsh me luck beating this on insane difficulty."
,Recommended,428550,21964276,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,DixiE,👌
,Recommended,428550,21678046,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sivek,"Oh wow, another 2D game with a Metroidvania-ish design and claims to draw design influence from Dark Souls.  It's a description you've probably read a million times before.  Now before you mentally checkout on this game, take notice that Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a legit very good game and one of the better 2D action games I've played in years.Controls and CombatIn this type of game, the two things you're going to do most are running/jumping around as you explore and fight enemies.  M:RUM does both well.  At first, the controls might feel slightly deliberate, but you'll soon get used to them and by the end of the game you'll be flying across the screen with air-dashes as a cat and it just feels good.  The character mobility as you progress throughout the game is great. You're never fighting the controls, and the roll dodge mechanic is worked in quite well and it's not something you see in many 2D action games.Combat is a bit simple.  You have your melee combo attack and a bow with infinite arrows and long-range.  Most enemy encounters are rather simple outside of their consistently strong character design and you're best bet is to rush and bring the offensive to them instead of sitting back and trying to gauge their attacks.  Despite that, combat just feels good.  This is completely a ""feel"" thing, but I never got tired of fighting regular enemies despite the general nature of encounters being rather limited in options.  It helps that no enemies are health sinks, as most enemies die after a few hits and never become a chore to fight.Gameplay DesignThe level design and interactivity is very well-done.  You can legitimately play a large portion of the game in any order you want.  You unlock power-ups by finishing each area that increase your mobility, combat ability, and give you the ability to warp, but there's nothing stopping you from doing so in any particular order.  This gives the game a lot of replay value.  Almost all bosses have unlockable shortcuts that place them right next to a save point.Momodora has an equip/item system where consumable items recharge at save points.  I really like this mechanic in games that use it and here, it mainly deals with healing items.  Equipment is varied and versatile.  There's all kind of accessories that do things like add fire to your attacks, serve as a magnet for coins, give a beep if you're in a room with a secret item and much more.  There's a ton of mix-and-matching to do if you want to vary up your playstyle a bit.Other StuffVisually the game is quite nice, though I wish there were less dark areas.  Places like the forest and park look really nice and vibrant and I wish there was a bit more to the locale design color palette.  Animations are also great.  Things like rolling, notching arrows, attacking and using items look good and it doesn't look like any corners were cut.Another big drawing point in this type of game is secrets, and there are quite a lot.  Don't want to spoil anything but there are a lot of little touches in the game that make it worth replaying.  As for replaying, there's a new game+ that lets you keep all non plot-skills and items you unlocked which lets you just blow through the game at leisure and I'm a fan of this type of NG+.NegativesFinally, I'll get to some of the negative points of the game, which are mostly technical.  First off, no remappable buttons.  This is weird and is something I hope gets patched in.  Next, the in-game V-Sync seems to not work and there is minor screen tearing.  This is another thing that seems like it should be patched.  The ""you got hit"" sound effect is also quite harsh and shrill, and I wish I could tone it down.  Oh yeah, and a dedicated map button would be nice, too.3-30-16 EDIT:  A dedicated map button has been patched in, along with remappable keyboard controls, though no gamepad remapping is available.On the non-technical side, my major gripe is the instant death spikes.  These things are terrible in every game they're in, and they especially bad here, since it seems like they should just do some damage and let you leap out of them, but no, you just barely tap one and you're dead.  This is by far the most annoying aspect of the gameplay, especially when you cover a decent bit of distance only to hit a spike right before a save point.  Making spikes just give a percentage of damage would make the game much less artificially aggravating and not hurt the the level of difficulty at all.Two lesser quibbles are that enemies do more damage then their attacks suggest, which will put you on the brink of death without you realizing it at times.  The last negative is something I touched on before, enemy encounters tend to feel rather samey, though killing stuff remains fun enough.ConclusionThat's a lot of words.  In short, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is one of the better 2D actions games I've played in years.  Non-linear level design lets you progress in any direction you adventure with little artificial gating.  Character mobility is great.  The item and equipment systems are well-done and give a good dose of variety to the game.  There's no fat or filler to hit some predetermined playtime requirement.  This is just a very good, well-designed game I'd recommend to anyone that likes 2D actions games and/or Metroidvania elements in their games."
76561197965205931,Recommended,428550,21742990,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,digidomo,"This game has it all for action adventure fans. Tight controls, solid character progression, a fun world to explore and a relentless cast of enemies ready to cut you down. All bundled in a nice bitesize package. Don't pass it up!"
76561198084869225,Recommended,428550,27360288,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Firecat1311,"A short but very, very sweet metroidvania experience with fantastic pixel art, satisfying combat, and plenty of clever secrets. Absolutely worth playing, even if you haven't picked up the other games in the series."
,Recommended,428550,28734873,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Noume-,"It's a good game with 2D platformer, seriusly i like this game a lot.it's about a priestess who's land has been afflicted by a curse, and are searching to find a way to fix it, going to the source.Pros :+ Nice Story+ Nice soundtrack+ Amazing gameplay+ Good boss fights+ Good replayablity+ Pretty challenging+ A fair amount of secrets and illusory walls;+ New Game++ Various endings (2 endings so far)+Oh you can play as cat LOLCons :- it's short game , i wish it was longer- Pretty difficult (especially some of those achievements)Oh my suggestion is to use control rather than a keyboard. because it is easier#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Authorwell.. it's like Dark Souls with little girls LOLIf you like a Metroidvania type of game, Get it now!"
,Recommended,428550,34204439,Posted: 12 August,all,PanfooToogre,"I had really wanted to get this game, but instead ended up buying Momodora III and (while I liked the game) I felt mildly disappointed in it. It wasn't bad, just not as great as I was hoping that it would be. Once I saw that this game was on sale, I immediately bought it and finished it in two days. My hopes for this game were extremely high and......THEY WERE ACHIEVED!I absolutely love this game and admire how perfectly the platforming, story, characters, art, and little details all mesh into one wonderful game!So, what makes this game great?Platforming/Combat:The platforming for this game is wonderful and you really have to plan out your movements and attacks on enemies the second you enter a room. In Momodora III, you could just race forwards, murdering enemies without a second glance. In this game, your attacks can't kill enemies in one hit and the monsters are so well-placed that you have to consider what would the best strategy of attack- Should you race forwards and hit them with your leaf? Should you stay back and shoot a long ranged attack? Should you roll past them, shot some arrows, then attack? A combination of all of these? The possibilities are endless. Some spots feel slightly unfair, but not very many. Most of the time, everything is well thought out.Characters/Story:This game follows Kaho, a priestess whose home village was struck with a curse. She races off to the kingdom, trying to confront the queen, who supposedly cast the curse. Kaho is cute and likeable and the same applies to the other characters. There are certain scenes with NPCs that are very touching and, while they may seem insignificant, you don't really realize how they add into the story until you see them again later in the game.Boss Fights:The boss fights in this game are actually really engaging and very fun! While some of them can be pretty difficult, you'll still have a lot of fun seeing which attacks and maneuvers work best on which bosses.Controls:The controls are pretty simple and you can use them differently to make special combos. You move with the arrow keys, jump with A, attack with your leaf with S, attack with your bow with D, and roll with Q. Part of what makes this game great is the great controls and movements the player can perform. When you avoid dying by rolling away from an enemy, you feel pretty cool with yourself.Artwork/Graphics:The artwork is beautiful! I absolutely love the graphics and think all the characters, enemies, backgrounds, and atmospheres are fantastic! The developer(s) obviously put a lot of time into making all of this and you honestly have to really respect that kind of dedication.Overall, I really loved this game and would definitely play it again!The game is very touching, strategic, well-made, and just an overall great time.It took me about 5 hours to beat it, but that's only because I got lost a lot and died a lot...9/10, (insert joke about smacking Lubella's breasts here)"
,Recommended,428550,22725649,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Discount Gumshoe,"Bought this game on a whim during the anime games sale and ended up loving it beyond belief, Its a staggeringly beautiful and well made game on par with symphony of the night or Hyper Light Drifter but with the added tragety that literally nobody is playing this and the Devs aren't getting the recognition they deserve for a game like this.If you like Metroidvania, buy this game.if you like dark souls or hyper light drifter, buy this game.Perhaps my biggest issue with it is that there isn't enough game  to enjoy, I wish it went on longer, and when that is the biggest of your problems your game has, you're in a good position already."
,Recommended,428550,22881944,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,dailypasta,"Just finished. I enjoyed it. The fighting was simple but effective. I felt the Dark Souls/ Castlevania influence in it.Decent story. Nothing crazy but simple and effective. Towards the end you're asked a yes or no question that made me have to put down the controller but other than that, nothing stood too far out, for me at least.Very good mechanics. You could feel each impact. Hitstop is something I need to take notes on.Music. Very well done. Each piece matched the environment. I'd try it out if you can. It's a good 6-8 hour game."
76561198088737086,Recommended,428550,23046984,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Pewyr,"Great game.  My only real wish is that it was longer.One of the best Metroidvania games I have ever played.  Great artstyle, very fun combat, and intriguing enemies and bosses.  Major fights are well spaced out and bosses are always rewarding to beat.  It tends to borrow a bit from the concept of Dark Souls in terms of several aspects, but puts it's own spin on it creating a very fun, if not, punishing game especially if you play on the harder difficulties.  There is a good chance that you will enjoy the game if you are a fan of the Souls Series, 2D platformers, or Metroidvania style of games.  If you aren't then I'd still recommend you to pick up the game if you are looking for a game that will leave you asking for more.Definitely worth the $10 price tag.  Give it a chance, and I can assure that it won't let you down."
,Recommended,428550,34772873,Posted: 6 September,all,Lantem C.,"I can't describe how much I love ""sealing curses"" stories in gamesMy biggest possesion in MMORPG games is cleric heroes, healers, e.t.c.Kaho is a priestess and this is a singleplayer game, but it doesn't make her any worse. She is good at killing undead.I do not believe myself, but I love heretical arsonist a lot more than other bosses, her head twitching makes her look..angry. That'sbeautifulto me.And something to note about beautiful locations.Memorial Park. Those sweet roses and tombstones. This is a religious game by the way.Death trough purification is my religion."
,Recommended,428550,24169490,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ike5,"You can see how truly great this game is when all the (very few) negative reviews are about whiny people that don't like platforming ~ exploration and / or difficult stuff. It's ok to dislike those things, but if you do, why bother playing - and most important, reviewing - a game that's all about this?Well, that aside, let's talk about the product. Momodora is one of the greatest surprises I've ever had, first because of its price compared to the content you get (not anything too broad, but enough to keep you tuned for about 4~6 hours) and because of the quality of said content. The game is very pretty, visually and aurally combined, and you can feel the passion the devs put into their work at every single room of the map. The controls are simple but effective, and besides one or two design quirks that personally I would've changed (the interaction between the attack and roll animations, and the invincibility frames of the latter) there's nothing to complain about - you have melee and ranged attacks, dodge, double-jump and items with various active and passive effects to use. The level design makes good use of that variation, and from time to time you'll find yourself using everything at your disposal to keep progressing between all the nine areas from the map, each one with its own theme and boss. The difficulty level can be quite challenging too, but in a fair way, encouraging players to adapt to their enemies' pattern and play it safe until they can predict and master the outcomes. This is more evident during boss fights, where bosses that appears to be a menacing threat at first can be killed without damaging the player after understanding how and when they'll attack.All in all Momodora is an incredible game, a very inexpensive experience that will entertain and please you without overstaying its welcome (the game knows how to end without wearing its novel value) but giving enought reasons (collectible items, new difficulties, achievements) to be played again if you wish to. For fans of the Metroidvania genre (the non-linear and exploration heavy 2D formula popularized by, you guessed it, Metroid and Castlevania) this game will be more than enough to enter that sweet spot of great recent representatives, alongside Salt and Sanctuary, Ori and The Blind Forest, and Axiom Verge. All the praise Momodora receives is well deserved, and if you like anything about the genre, give it a try. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,428550,23822415,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Oktopoda,"If you like Metroidvania games at all,please get this game.I got it 20% off during the summer sale and it's worth it, sale or no sale.You play as a preistess named Kaho from a distance village, determined to get rid of the curse spreading across the land. The weapons you get at the start are basically what you have for the rest of the game, and the combat feels really solid. The combat is standard throughout as well; you get to start out as a novice and practice up to being a master by the end of the game.In terms of graphics, it's all the gorgeous pixel kind, like what Shovel Knight and Stardew Valley has at times. If you like 16-bit graphics like those, that's reason enough to get this game honestly.The music is really good too. It's super atmospheric and blends well with the gameplay.Honestly, I don't really have anything I could name that would be a turn-off for buying this. All I can do is praise this game. If you've ever enjoyed a Metroidvania game, or are interested in one,or just like cats,get Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight.(Oh, and some advice that I'll throw behind a spoiler in case you want to play the game blind:There's an item you can buy from the first shopkeeper guy you meet. It's called the Ring of Candor. When equipped, it makes a noise/rumbles your controller when you enter a room with a secret in it. Put that on right away; it'll help you get the most out of the game!)"
76561197999836194,Recommended,428550,24749678,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Retro,"Game status at time of review:Completed the game with over 95% map completion and unlocked the ""True Ending"" achievement. I've started a NewGame+ but have not progressed far.Time played: 6 hours.Quick Score: 6 out of 10. A capable ""Metroidvania"" with solid atmosphere and respectable challenge. A little shorter than expected, but it doesn't wear out its welcome either which I think is equally important. You'll have a fun weekend with it, and you could spend $9.99 on a lot worse.----Gameplay:The gameplay is decent. You move, jump and attack at a pleasant speed. Collision detection is spot on. Dodging seems finicky at first, but it's just one of those nuances you'll get used to before long. Attacking also causes your character to move forward, so unless you're careful you'll find yourself stepping into enemies too often. I also feel like jumping from ladders should have given you more height, as traversing them tends to feel a bit tedious. Those are really my only complaints.There are a few hidden traps here and there but nothing that isn't telegraphed relatively well, and certainly none of those cheap instant deaths that seem to be all the rage these days. It would have been easy to include some of them and try to pass this off as more ""souls-like"", so I'm glad they didn't. Likewise, it would have been incredibly easy to throw character levels / experience system or stat-based progression and I'mextremelythankful they didn't. That alone made the game much more palatable, so if you're one of those people who absolutelyneedsbars to fill or statistics to calculate, you're out of luck.As a quick note, I liked the item-based approach, though I ended with over 5k ""Munney"". It seemed like a lot of single-use or limited-use items that would have just cluttered up the heal / ability menu to me, so I didn't buy them. The Passives were okay, nothing to write home about, and I'm glad there wasn't just a ""moar gooder"" option that became the automatic default. I do have to point out that the ring that alerts you to when there's a secret hidden on the screen is always a welcome addition to games like this and I was pleased to find it was given out early. It could have used a little more variety in the items but what was there was solid.World / Level Design:I'd say slightly above average; not a lot of tedious ""snake"" hallways that Metroidvanias are notorious for. There weren't a lot of reallycleverrooms, but what's there is solid. Not a tremendous amount of backtracking, but players who are out to check every corner will find themselves having to circle back to check the path not taken. Enemy placement is handled nicely, and there's a variety of them as well. A decent amount of boss fights, none of which are particularly cheap; I thoroughly enjoyed all of them.A good number of secrets, but not so many that you'll grow weary of tracking them down. There were quite a few ""I am an obvious mystery, come back later!"" points, with no real inclination to come back later. Now that I've started a NewGame+, I'm seeing a few places where I'm thinking ""Oh yeah, I never did come back to see what random character on the log wanted."" Your millage may vary but it seems like finding every little thing isn't worth it.Visuals:The art style is fine, resting somewhere between the NES' limited pallete and SNES' sprite and animation. The levels do lack a little variety; outside of the starting area and one other exception, it tends to stick fairly heavily to dark, gothic spaces, but it makes sense in the context of the story. Animation is very nice, especially for the bow attacks.Itislittle too ""anime"" for my tastes. I was initially turned off from the game by the trailer, which showed a giant undead anime girl boss with a pair of overly aniamted breasts. Awkward. Having actually played it, that sort of thing is actually fairly minimal (though I have to point out the giving the undead girl boss breasts thatvery visiblybounce around when you attack them, something no other boss does, kicked up my squick factor more than a little). Having said that, if you have a tolerance for that sort of thing, you'll be fine, and I've honestly played games with worse (Shantae, for example, is wall-to-wall fanservice). At least it doesn't feel as out of place as the post Dawn of Sorrow Castlevania games.Audio:The starting area is probably the only area where the music really has any impact, and after that it's mostly just atmospheric, with a few notes here and there. It doesn't really have a lot of character, I'm sorry to say, but again, I get what they were going for. Boss themes are sufficient to get you in the right mood.Sound effects are decent enough, with solid audio cues (you'll quickly learn to identify when there's one of the 'caster' enemies nearby). Nothing too obnoxious (the starting area has some enemies that bounce around making annoyingly high-pitched squeaks though). You'll likely get a little tired of the scream your character makes on death.Storyline:I'm not sure if this is the latest in a series of games, but it doesn't seem to matter. The storyline sticks to the NES school of storytelling; you're here, you have a thing to do, occationally you run into other characters who flesh out the world through short blurbs, but for the most part you're left to your own devices. No annoying cut-scenes, long-winded dialogue boxes or omnipresent narration. You get a general sense of the world and how various elements fit within it, but you don't need to pay it any attention and it doesn't intrude.Replayability:I can see myself circling around to give this another go in a few months; there's still a few rooms I didn't discover, I didn't grab all of the Ivory Bugs collectables (of which there are only 20 total, which seems ashockingly[/] resonable number in this day and age).Thanks for reading."
76561197999129710,Recommended,428550,21928692,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,t.tv/Sivicks,"Castlevania but as a priestess with a leaf. Makes a leaf look effective, something Toronto hasn't accomplished since 1967.Go wings.10/10"
76561198067513418,Recommended,428550,30667910,Posted: 22 March,all,777bigmanlee,"A very solid platformer with fair difficulty.PROS:Fair challenge with good checkpoints.  (I did Normal)Simplistic platforming and tight controls (Used 360 Pad)Nice music and sound effectsGood Bosses, also a fair challenge.Gives freedom to explore to find Health pick ups, etc.Dialogue exchanges are nice and short, so you go back to playing quickly.CONS:A wee bit short, would have loved one more area.Backtracking is present for most of the game.(Although it is appealing to use your new found ability to go where you couldn't before.)"
,Recommended,428550,21646774,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hagzor the wizard,Not as difficult as some people make it out to be. Aesthetically pleasing to look at and a joy to play.
,Recommended,428550,26225109,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SneakySquid,"This was a game a randomly found while scrolling through Steam. The visuals of the trailer caught my eye and honestly, they put so much polish into the visuals that I would just take time running around in the grass. While dodging mechanics aren't often my thing (by that I mean I usually struggle with them), once I started using the dodge, it became such a fluid second nature. Because of that, the boss battles didn't just feel like fighting a strong foe, they felt like I was literally dueling them, making them tough enough that I needed to learn their tactics, but never so difficult it felt impossible. This is something that is not only rare for me, but even made me so excited to seek out another boss.As an aside, if you have a good controller, I would recommend using it. The keyboard works fine, but it did take about fifteen minutes to find a control scheme that felt smooth enough, something that I believe a controller might streamline."
,Recommended,428550,26497099,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,♫RL Link,"Feels good to play, sprite work is nice to look at (by that I mean it's really good), and the cat is adorable. Not as hard as some make it out to be, but there are definitely some challenging sections, including some bosses."
,Recommended,428550,26510417,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Whimsy,"Beautiful design, tight controls, fun bosses, good platforming, and a tremendously dark and evocative atmosphere. Loving it."
,Recommended,428550,28806535,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Spoondere,"My first experience with theMomodoraseries wasMomodora III, a short but sweet linear action platformer that boasted cute art, great visual and character design, and heaps of influence from the atmosphere and storytelling methods of (strangely enough)Dark Souls, all nicely wrapped up with a HUD much like that ofCave Storyand text presented in the font fromEarthBound.  Despite all that, the gameplay lacked much complexity with no real movement options and hardly any reason to use the melee attack instead of the chargeable ranged attack, but still, it only lasted about 90 minutes, which is hardly long enough for any game to overstay its welcome, and the price tag was low to match.With this experience, I didn't really know what to expect from the sequel.  I certainly didn't expect it to be the best game I played that came out in 2016, but here we are.  Allow me to explain.Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlightmight as well be Super Momodora IV for how much it improves upon the previous game.  The sprites for Kaho and the enemies take up a much larger amount of the screen and are beautifully detailed.  Kaho starts with mostly the same kit as Momo and Isadora, with the addition of a dodge roll with some generous iframes and a bow bound to a different key than the melee attack.  That melee attack is slower in exchange for dealing much more damage, connecting into a multi-hit combo on the ground, and sporting a healthy amount of hitlag to make every strike feel powerful when it makes contact.  With only a few changes, the combat feels miles better than in the previous game and every strike feels weighty and deliberate.  These positive changes extend to the items as well, which are now classified into passive and active items, and this is where the already good combat truly shines (for me).  The first active item you get is a Bellflower, essentially an Estus Flask to extend theDark Soulscomparison, which keeps the player less tied to the save points, especially later once they become more sparse.  But possibly more important are items which function off of the player's damage and the condition that bosses will drop items if defeated without the player taking damage.  Somehow this balanced the difficultybeautifullyfor me.  With the addition of items like the Tainted Missive (2/4 charges, takes off 25% of your HP, doubles your damage temporarily) and the Necklace of Sacrifice (doubles damage when below 25% health, stacks with previous AFAIK), bosses meltfastif you don't get hit, and you're rewarded with powerful upgrades for doing so.  Each fight became tense and hugely rewarding when I finally managed to do it perfectly and if you're up to the challenge, I would honestly recommend playing through the game this way.  But if that's not your kind of thing or you prefer to have a backup plan, there are a number of healing items that cater to a more defensive strategy.And of course, the game loses none of the atmosphere or storytelling that madeMomodora IIIso interesting for what it was.  It's still there in spades and it has more time to build itself up, as the game now clocks in at around 4.5 hours with no dips in quality.  It also trades in the linearity of the previous game for a Metroidvania style, apparently more like the first two games in the series.If there's any complaints I have about this game, it would be some occasional problems with backtracking in the early segments (it's either more difficult than it should be or a complete joke) and the final boss, which is seemingly always a complete joke.  It's also a little on the short side, but it's got a ton of replay value and my complaints honestly feel minor for how excellent the rest of this game is.In short,Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlightis everything a followup to a game likeMomodora IIIcould have wanted to be and I couldn't recommend it more highly.Momodorawasn't huge on my radar before, but I can't wait to see what the next game in the series has to offer."
76561197993273827,Recommended,428550,29684946,Posted: 3 February,all,Mykiio,"Fun to play, but short.  Beautiful artwork, story somewhat uninteresting.  Plays like a combination of 2D Dark souls and Metroidvania.  Controller reccomended.  Good replayability."
76561198030127591,Recommended,428550,23043067,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Reighnvhasta,"As a lot of people have said, this could be compared to a 2D Dark Souls. Same dark atmosphere, non-explicit story, high difficulty, etc.Comparing this to the previous game (Momodora III), this is a huge step forward. Amazing soundtrack that fits with the dreary feeling of the game, better combat, more items, more story, and overall improved mechanics. There are several hidden rooms and even some secret ones, so there is some level of replayability. Overall, I'd say it's worth it even at full price. I can't wait to see what the creators of this make next!"
,Recommended,428550,22734754,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mr. Lactose,"Take time-honored metroidvania, mix in essence of Dark Souls, add a dash of Touhou, and make sure the animation is smooth as butter and the sound design is better than Cave Story, and you have a recipe for the best game I've played in quite some time. This game is fantastic and everyone should play it."
,Recommended,428550,21770093,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"This game hits all my Castlevania, Metroid and Dark Souls spots. I love it to bits and am now in the Insane difficulty playing through it again.If you are a fan of one or all three of the mentioned games you will LOVE this one. Its gameplay reminds me a lot of Metroid. The graphics and bossfights are a lot like Castlevania (in terms of fighting). And your fightingstyle + healing and skills reminds me a lot of Dark Souls and Metroid.It takes elements from 3 amazing games and mixes them and what comes out is a pure gem. A good sidescroller just like in the old days. But dont think that it is just as easy.The game is rather hard, no matter how you look at it. Not knowing anything about the game I went in and died 7 times on the second screen which was still the tutorial. And the bosses themself are something as well. It takes a while for you to figure out how to properly fight them and even then, they can trick you.For its price its a perfect experience and I encourage everyone to buy it."
,Recommended,428550,21937161,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bakashinobi,"I haven't played any of the other Momodora game but this game has been exceptionally enjoyable.  It only took me a few hours to beat, but there were very few points where i wasn't having much fun.It has a Dark Souls feel to it without feeling like a dark souls clone.  It uses healing items the renew at checkpoints (in addition to any other consumable item), challenging boss fights (that give bonuses give you defeat them without getting hit for a reason to go back to them), and a nice, sprawling map that loops back (with shortcuts and eventual warping).  All of these things exist outside of Dark Souls as well, but playing the game I got a distinct feeling that the devs had played Dark Souls and wanted to incorporate some elements of Dark Souls' design into their game.  There is some platforming but it never feel terribly unfair or frustrating.  And, all in all, I think it works very well and the game felt great to play.There's no change in weapons but it didn't seem needed; the game felt well balanced around the moves and weapons you have.  I will say that some of the extra rewards for defeating bosses without getting hit break the power curve a bit, but you're not likely to get them on your first playthrough so I doubt it would cause most players any issue.I struggled the most at the beginning (mostly getting into a groove) but once I got going with few issues.  There were a few points where I was stuck wondering where to go, but pulling up the map (Castlevania SotN/Super Metroid styled) and checking areas that weren't fully explored eventually got me to where I needed to be.The pixel art was very well done; absolutely gorgeous to look at.  The title is a particular standout though there are plenty of good touches throughout the game.  Grass rustles as you run through it, hanging lanterns move when there's anything that shakes the screen, water has refection, there's all sort of details that give the game an extra bit of life.The music in this game was fantastic; it never overpowered the game but most certainly added to the atmosphere very well.  I don't know the best way to put it into words, but there was never a track that played that drew my attention away from the game and yet was memorable enough for comment.All in all, I would recommend this to anyone who likes metroidvania games, Dark Souls, or action platformers.  I bought it on a whim and it's been one of the most solid gaming experiences I've had recently.  It's short (I beat it in about 3-4 hours), but it never drags so I say that the length is appropriate."
,Recommended,428550,33142243,Posted: 2 July,all,2.O,Just the right amount of difficulty to make this fun. Interesting story and art style. Really great
,Recommended,428550,33587177,Posted: 16 July,all,J.N.Juice,"The gameplay hours reflected on my profile isn't reliable as it doesn't record gameplay done while on offline mode. I've made 1 playthrough on Hard and 2 playthroughs onInsane.That being said...I've played Momdora 1, 2, and 3. The former two are offered for free at Itchy.io (though I'd say it's worth donating to them a small amount for those games), and the third is also here on Steam. Given that, I was able to see exactly how the mechanics evolved from one game to the next. It thus resulted in the AMAZING product available now.As one would imagine from a metroidvania, there's an interconnected world to explore here and it looks gorgeous. The sprite quality of the backgrounds, the flooring, your character, the monsters that populate it, and the NPCs you'll find all contribute to this whimsical mix of areas from the beautifully serene, the mischievous, and the dark and intimidating. Of course, backtracking is a thing with these kinds of games. However, in this game they made it less tedious byplacing an upgrade in game that gives you the ability to warp between save points.Because of how wonderfully they handle save points. I feel it puts Dark Souls' bonfires to shame. Instead of having to press the confirm button and arrow keys to watch a long and drawn out animation before saving, Momodora:RUtM allows you to just strike the save point(it's a bell)and presto, you can move on with your run the frame after. It's brilliant in that it lowers the amount of time it takes to save while making it just as effective. They also distributed the save points enough so that you're often never too far from the area that you need to retry. This means that the ""challenge"" that you'll deal with have less to do with things you've already done, and more to do with the things you have yet to succeed at. This not only makes the difficulty and challenge less tedious and more delicious, but also lends the game to speedruns very well. Props to the developer for being very welcoming and involved with speedrunners and providing them with any hidden information needed to make learning how to speedrun a great experience.The primary combat mechanics are well polished. You get a three strike combo akin to Zero's moves from X4 (using a sacred leaf instead of a sword) that's animated well so you almost always know where you'll hit.(There are a few instances that might irk you ESPECIALLY when it comes to the flying flowers and red bees that appear in groups @ the garden)You get a bow attack that you can charge up for a split shot that deals more damage. You also get a dodge roll forwards and backwards with I-frames that allow you to avoid attacks and collision with enemies (rather like the one in Dark Souls or Salt and Sanctuary only more consistent), along with a double jump from the get go. All these, while in today's age of hamfisted variety *coughdarksoulsweaponscoughcallofdutygunscough*, might not seem like much. However, the game uses these mechanics so well that each combat encounter feels nicely orchestrated. This will be made very apparent in the higher difficulties, when a small mistake can immediately get you killed. For instance,trying to maneuver around imps throwing knives and smoke bombs without getting hitcan prove to be a wonderful challenge. Which target do you shoot at first? Would it be better to melee this character first before shooting at the next? Is it better to just jump over or roll through this character instead? Each set of enemies in every area is cleverly placed to get you to plan your moves through. Also, the bosses are ultimately beatable (with reasonable skill required) just with these mechanics alone.Speaking of bosses, the fights you have with them are intense and downright fun. The game does a good job of appropriately telegraphing attacks, giving you enough information to learn their attacks and devise a strategy to beat them. They don't get behaviour stuck, they don't rely on cheap insta-screen fill tactics or swarm behaviours to beat you. At the same time, they don't make it obvious exactly how they are efficiently beat.They're formidable and fun to fight with or without the special items that you find in the game. They are also varied in type, and I especially like how they handled fights involving bosses who are roughly the same size as you, such asPardoner Fennel.If that is not enough, the game's special items influence the way you play in so many ways. They don't necessarily change the mechanics of what you do drastically (which is good because it keeps the game consistent to its rules), but it does mean that each combination of items require you to change your playstyle enough to add variety.For instance, your first item in the game adds poison properties to your arrows. With this equipped, you have to make sure you actually avoid the clouds of poison your arrows produce where they hit as they will poison you too. In insane mode where you die in one hit, this is a death sentence.These items come in two categories; the consumables that get replenished on the save points (like Estus Flasks and Bonfires in Dark Souls), and the equippables that change you or your attacks' properties in some fashion. There is a good amount of experimentation to be had with mixing and matching stuff, complimenting its combat scenarios.The game also has selectable difficulty settings, something I wish in this age wasn't subjected to the ""1337 boner"" by fans of games marketed as difficult. This game respects the needs of players at various skill levels to ensure they have an engaging experience, making this game a solid investment for even those who don't primarily play platformers and metroidvanias. Aside from that, you can opt out of equipping or using special items if you want to amplify the challenge as you see fit. It's perfectly possible to beat the game with or without them, though they do facilitate speedrunning so nicely.The game isn't without its flaws, though they are minor and easily outweighed by the game's great qualities. The NPC interactions and the overall story is almost token, most of the lore is hinted item descriptions. How invested you will be in the world of Momodora will vary, as I know there are some of you who prefer it this way. Personally, I feel that I'd need to be involved more in these NPC's and vice versa to feel some emotional effect.For instance, we meet Askorn who says he's looking for his wife. Next thing we know, he's imprisoned. Next thing we know, we find him mourning his wife at her grave. If this was a story summed up, this would seem like a tearjerker. Unfortunately, the things I just said are basically ALL OF IT. Nothing in between.The game is also on the short side. My first playthrough lasted 6 hours on Hardand 5.5 hours on Insane. There's some time to be sunk on 100% completing the map or the rest of the secrets in the game, but that's about it. Subsequent playthroughs will get shorter as you go along, though there IS a New Game + that will prove to be even more challenging than the previous run. Should you endeavor to do speedruns or no-death runs, then you'll likely sink more time as well.There might be some irritation to be had with threats that are off-screen, especially at high difficulty. but you can kill offscreen too.All in all, this is a game worth picking up at $10. You can't go wrong with this game, and you'd have to be really adverse to platformers or metroidvanias to think that this game isn't worth the buy and even then that's questionable because of how good an entry to the genre this game is. This is, by far, the best metroidvania on my library (beating out Ghost 1.0 in my books). Void of overcomplications and tedium, the game is an experience worth repeating over and over again."
,Recommended,428550,32318537,Posted: 10 June,all,forfrosne,"I adored this game. It's a 2D Metroidvania style action game that also borrows heavily from the Dark Souls series, particularly Bloodborne. Combat is fluid and challenging, utilising physical attacks, dodge-rolls, a bow, and a range of collectible active and passive items collected throughout the game. You can't block, meaning you have to rely on rolling to dodge, i-frames, stunlocks, etc. in much the same way that you might in the Souls games. It's challenging but deeply satisfying. The story is presented in a minimalistic way: the basic thrust of the narrative is easy to understand, but it's the mysterious yet endearing roaming cast of characters and fellow adventurers that helps make this game memorable. Ultimately, you can't save everyone, and you have to live with that fact. The whole game is steeped in gothic darkness, and you can really feel the sense of corruption and decay everywhere. I loved the sense of exploration and freedom, the really engaging and rewarding combat system, the diverse cast of characters, the boss designs and battles, and the tasteful, minimalist gothic plot. Highly recommended."
76561198060432039,Recommended,428550,22597256,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,w0t,"Quite possibly one of my favorite games, it's kind of like a 2-d dark souls, depending on difficulty.If you own a controller, recommended. Using a controller is incredibly smooth and very fun. If you have a keyboard recommended, but you might have to change the keys to something more comfortable. Personally I got used to them fairly quickly, although with a lot of confusion.Story is meh personally, but I'm not good at judging story.Though I hate the game for making me either mercy kill my 2nd favorite character or let him/her suffer. They gave a good item at least when I mercy killed them."
76561198254683894,Recommended,428550,24981555,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mugestu,"Momodora is an excellent 2D action platformer packed with challenges. The game is short (5h or so) but it doesn't need to be longer, it delivers exactly what you want in that time. I absolutely recommend it for those who love Metroidvania games."
76561197994686280,Recommended,428550,21798773,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,whatthetrash,"The first thing that caught my attention (and is the reason that I bought the game) was the gorgeous artwork. I saw two screenshots and was like, ""Well, I'm buying that right now."" Didn't even look at the trailer. And I gotta tell you, I'm SO glad I did, because 'Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight' is an absolutely fantastic game.-- PROS --- Gorgeous, big sprites with excellent animation (I like the little touches like the leaves that appear when she double jumps, how her legs move when she jumps (cute socks!) and the variety of attack animations)- Detailed, lovingly rendered backgrounds (I found it awesome how the backgrounds were SO DETAILED and yet were not distracting (this is actually pretty hard to do) - and every area has unique touches not in other areas - skulls, brickwork, trees, etc)- Great atmosphere. As soon as you enter the main city of the game, you know it - and the dark, foreboding tone is tangible and exciting. VERY well done.- Really good music - I found myself replaying areas just to listen to the music (which is always a great sign!)- The presentation throughout is just top notch. Gorgeous pixel art, the menus are really well done and snappy, the UI is clear and immediately understandable - Just really, really well done.- Interesting, varied enemies to fight.- Exciting (and often surprising) boss battles.- The pacing is also really well done. I never felt overwhelmed - and the checkpoints (which are unique, 'Smack that bell!') are placed far enough apart to be challenging, but no so far as to be unfair.- Finally, I just found the experience very compelling. Once I starting playing, I HAD to keep going. I had to see where this story went.-- CONS --- I don't believe the engine the game was written in supports vsync, so when I was scrolling the map around, there was some screen tearing. This was the only place in the game where this happened to me, and it's not a deal breaker, but I thought I'd mention it.- The game does start pretty difficult. It's by design, since it's making sure that the player understands essential things (like how to dodge through enemies to get behind them), but I can see how this could turn some people off. The difficulty cools off once you get to the city and then slowly ramps up again. So, that's good. Again, this is not THAT bad, but I thought I'd mention it. (these are more nitpicks than anything else)-- TL;DR --A fantastic, very well made action platformer with great tone and engaging gameplay. Once I started playing I couldn't stop and it took me nine hours to beat the game (with 100% completion of the map - I like to look for secrets ^_^). This is the fourth 'Momodora' game, and it's by far the most polished. (Don't worry if you haven't played any of the other games in the series, though - This one stands by itself). I absolutely enjoyed this game and eagerly look forward to whatever the developer works on next!-- FINAL GRADE --9 out of 10"
,Recommended,428550,28811336,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,(-WT-) interruptVEKTOR,"Really just a wonderful game. Bought because I thought the art looked cool and then was very pleasantly surprised by how good of a game it was. Challenging but rewarding combat, great music and GREAT atmosphere. Not terribly long, took me about 4 hours to beat, but there are harder modes and collectibles and whatnot to expand you time played. Definitely recommend if you're in the market for a metroidvania-style game."
76561197990672230,Recommended,428550,28229257,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,NineByNine,"If you haven't played Momodora RUTM yet, or any of the Momodora games, let me give you a few pieces of advice.WRT the first three Momodora games: You do not have to have played them at all, to play RUTM. If you want an idea of the gameplay of the other three, it's very Cavestory-ish. A metroid-vania with simple controls and brutally hard bossfights (and areas in general), savepoints dotted around for full heals, and a focus on melee and certain spells from what I recall of the little I played of them. THey're good, but I am a no-skill scrub so I got nowhere fast with the first two :<WRT RUTM however, this game is like if Castlevania : Symphony of the Night had an illicit and passionate affair with Dark Souls and their twin Bloodborne, then Castlevania's wife Touhou walked in and saw the whole thing and would be mad except they found it kind of hot?What I'm trying to say is you have Castlevania's classic metroidvania gameplay and huge bosses and super beautifully detailed sprites and huge roster of cool enemies to fight, a big map, powerups to gain, items to equip to grant bonuses and such, and then it's got this great Touhou-esque feel of the designs of all the characters (like 90% of which seem to be women; and badass ones at that, so that's definately appreciated), plus you got the Soulsborne feel of the environments and the awesome dodgeroll and just how sinister and creepy some bits feel, and lots of lore on the item descriptions and with the worldbuilding via dialogue with NPCs.PLUS you have a really rather nice soundtrack as well. This is a pure masterpiece. Best yet, because it's a prequel to the other three Momodora games, you really don't have to have played the other three! You can play this one straight off the bat with no prior knowledge of the series or its lore!So seriously what the hell are you waiting for? Get in on this. It's fantastic."
76561198044406064,Recommended,428550,27053432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oldmanondorf,"Stumbled upon this gem quite by accident. Containing flavors of The Legend of Zelda, classic Metroidvania, and Dark Souls, Momodora managed to be something more than the sum of its parts. A truly excellent game that I would recommend giving a try."
,Recommended,428550,23025868,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mildy Disgruntled Max,"Something something Dark Souls.Okay, with that comparison out of the way, my actual opinion. Bought this on a whim at 20% off. Totally worth it. The controls are tight, and responsive. Playing on hard mode (which I did on my first playthough) was the perfect level of difficulty. When I died (which was a lot) it never felt cheap. It was always a failure of my own, and not of game design.  The boss battles were memorable and the standard enemies seldom feel like an annoyance.Momodora's pixel artstyle can turn a lot of people away. Admittedly, a lot of the NPCs and some enemies do seem rather minimalistic to the point where they are perhaps a little too blocky, but the work on the background and bosses is way above par. The game's soundtrack is also equal parts melancholic and dramatic. You might find yourself humming those gentle piano pieces for a long while after you turn the game off.It's a good game. Get it."
,Recommended,428550,30573595,Posted: 17 March,all,NilkadNaquada,"An absolutely excellent Metroidvania action game, this is a true masterpiece. The world is well-designed and intriguing, the characters are charming, the artstyle is adorable, and the action feels great. This game really turned up the polish in comparison to Momodora III, and it shows. Attacks feel impactful, dodges feel satisfying, bosses are a joy to fight, and the whole game oozes style. Absolutely pick this game up, and do yourself a favor and play it multiple times to find more of the secrets and get all the endings. It's short enough that doing so shouldn't be much of a hassle."
,Recommended,428550,34170721,Posted: 11 August,all,Bad_King,"I have got to admit, this game is absolutly beautiful. I have played the story so many timesI'm pretty sure I don't have a lifePros:Amazing animationsMusic is beautifulGameplay and fighting mechanics are smoothThe list continues, there are so many positives about this game.Cons:Bit short (isn't really a con, I could play this game 100 times and not get bored)The game is a ridiculously hard nearer the start but isn't a problem as the game goes onThere aren't many cons because the game is just so good!I would highly recommend this game, especially if you like the challange!"
76561198124396502,Recommended,428550,25590925,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Trinket,First of i would like to say that anyone who has looked at this game and then taken the time to read the reviews of it should already just give in and buy this game. The handling of this game is flawless the design is by far one of the most beautiful i have seen in a pixel game and the bosses give a fully immersive flow of battle while in fight.The only problem i have with this game is the fact that it ends...
76561198045690301,Recommended,428550,21832700,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BooSacK NooDLE,"Best game I've played in a good while, certainly gonna be more memorable than a majority of the games we got last year. seriously this game is special. In a way it harkons to Dark Souls and demonsouls in that you meet neutral npcs that all have their own tragic stories that you really have to look for and I loved it. On the flip side it rivals even the best MetroidVania games including the namesake of the genre. Most Def worth a full playthrough and worth every cent and beyond.*Edit* This game actually got me to write a review and I've never given enough Fu*ks to do so"
,Recommended,428550,26703806,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TDF,"Had no expectations when I grabbed this on a whim but I was really pleasantly surprised. I think the length and amount of content in the game is really quite perfect, and the entire game feels very concise. I never expected myself to finish a game I bought on steam so soon after I got it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,428550,22059408,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,The Glorious Potato,Why are there no curators for this masterpiece yet god dammitEdit: Happy to see this game finally get the attention it deserves.
76561198356123154,Recommended,428550,32755046,Posted: 24 June,all,filthymagicuser,"This game is probably one of the best metroidvanias I've ever played.   The game is gorgeous and really fun, I only wish it were longer."
,Recommended,428550,34389034,Posted: 20 August,all,Cobra Commander,"Video game! I love em! Now this here video game is momodora: reverie under the moonlight and honestly it's a real dandy ol' game in my opinion.Pros:+Graphics+Character designs+Nice mechanics+BeautifulCons:-Can be a tad frustrating at timesMy one con is mainly due to how centralized some save points are and the distances between others. Otherwise, I love this game."
76561198047202299,Recommended,428550,29975354,Posted: 16 February,all,Shiratake,"Beautiful game,you'll find a little of dark souls and a lot of metroidvania in here."
76561198083197998,Recommended,428550,30516445,Posted: 14 March,all,DedXenon,"Castlevania meets Dark Souls. Absolutely superb platformer which offers great art, great ambience, and satisfying mechanics. Very nice level of challenge to boot.Also, boobs and cats."
,Recommended,428550,34513951,Posted: 26 August,all,Illusionary,"While it can't match up toHollow Knight's gold standard, this is another great 'Metroidvania', living up to the recommendations that I've read from various quarters. Brutally hard at times, but never unfair - while insane difficulty (in which one hit is fatal) isn't for me, I can understand how it's feasible - the game is great fun throughout, with satisfying movement and combat being the core of the gameplay. There's less here in the way of ability upgrades to collect than I typically enjoy, but the game's fairly short which is probably a limiting factor there. Having enjoyed my time here, I'm definitely going to have to seek out the earlier games in the series before too long."
76561198021268982,Recommended,428550,26110077,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Bobthecoolman - cCO,"A very good action platformer, if a little light on story. While there are other games in the series, you do not have to play the other ones before."
,Recommended,428550,30995349,Posted: 7 April,all,*Noririn,"Warning : this review is perhaps too long-winded (I like to go into details). I will include a tl;dr at the end.Reverie Under the Moonlight wears its inspirations on its sleeve, and that is totally fine. Although the comparison only goes so far, as the game has to stand on its own, what it drew from Souls game design, it drew right.The strongest point : atmosphere and story :This is where the game shines the most for me, and this is where its inspiration is most faithful. The game's story is dark and permeated with an air of melancholy, sadness, and loss. While the soundtrack is almost silent in places, it's brilliantly evocative and effective in others.Characters you meet will move from place to place after you have talked to them, and some will  have new dialogue after you have progressed far enough.The narrative is threaded throughout the environment, and found in tidbits in the dialogues and item descriptions. There isn't that much to piece together, and certainly not as great a deal of ambiguity and speculation going on, but that is fine. The story is simple, but it works.All the pieces (music, art style, level design, story, characters, pacing) come together perfectly and create a great experience that stayed with me.Here is my only story complaint : the final boss. To try and make my point, I'll draw a comparison to Dark Souls (pls forgive me).The final boss' character should have been more built up. Fighting Gwyn in Dark Souls was an especially effective moment because of the contrast between the build-up and the actual fight. Countless elements within the story led the player to expect an epic duel against a glorious, grand king, only to find a tired old man who is afraid of change and needs to be put out of his misery, with a somber piano piece further destroying the glory of the moment. The queen should have been more fleshed out, and her influence more apparent, with strong reminders that she is the cause of the curse. Fighting a character that we learned and care about one way or another will always make for a stronger moment.Bosses (some light spoilers)My only other real criticism of the game lies in the boss design :  most of them have overly simplistic movesets. Derelict Frida is especially guilty of this, having only 4 moves, one of which is rare and very telegraphed, with the three others being too delayed to be much of a threat.Most of the bosses needed, and probably deserved,  larger, more varied movesets. Fume knight,Artoriasand Manus are some of the Souls series' best bosses due in large part to their wide arrays of attacks that demand players learn them and react to them quickly and accurately. Pardoner Fennel, even though she is my favorite, is unfortunately very predictable.Despite that con, the boss roster IS solid and did not disappoint me. They are memorable and reasonably challenging. Despite her predictability, Pardoner Fennel is, for me, the highlight of the game, thanks to a beautiful and effective piano track synched perfectly with a dramatic opening monologue.VisualsEverything is pleasant to look at and vibrant. The pixel art is lovely, with deceptively cute character designs. Kaho's (and everyone's) animations are smooth, and she is even given a few endearing idle animations and reactions.However, the game has a bit too many dark places. It isn't technically a flaw of the design, or even a wrong choice artistically, but I think it could have used a little bit more sunlit places like the grove.Level DesignThe map is composed of tightly inter-connected areas that flow together really well and feel cohesive. Most areas have unlockable shortcuts to make navigation smoother.As expected, enemies hit hard, and healing is very limited, but the challenges are never unreasonable. Level and enemy designs punish carelessness and greed while rewarding patience. The challenge could be improved by having enemies and bosses gain additional moves and attacks as the difficulty level rises.Controls and mechanicsNot much to say here. Kaho's controls are fluid and work very well. Enemy attacks are clearly telegraphed and always dodgeable if you pay attention.Conclusion/tl;drReverie is short, but sweet, and learned all the right lessons from Souls games. Overall, it's great, and its atmosphere is definitely its best aspect. While I wished it could have gone on for much longer, it is better to make a great experience that is short, rather than a mediocre long one. I definitely enjoyed myself, and I'll certainly remember it.A lot of work and love clearly went into Reverie under the Moonlight. I'll be sure to check their next games."
,Recommended,428550,25976722,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Doodles,One of the best MetroidVania games. Amazing soundtrack and Pixel art.
,Recommended,428550,35023496,Posted: 17 September,all,Chdata,"Buy this game.The artwork is amazing.The sounds are perfect.The gameplay ... has nothing that will ever frustrate you, which is good.But it's admittedly easy and lacking in depth in its level design.The bosses are better, though some of them have the same feeling.It's a pretty much complete experience, and worth buying for some light fun.There's some miscellaneous stuff that would've been cool to see, but overall it's a cute game.- Could've used some unique dialogue about how you're a cat now, especially with the cat lady.- Would've been neat if I could recolor the thighhighs to black, or unlock a different outfit :>- I was expecting to eventually find an upgrade for an extra passive/active slot, but there were none. Would've been especially fun to be able to have the flame upgrade with both arrow upgrades.- I was also expecting to find a second upgrade for the bow's charge speed, and something to make the air-dash regenerate faster.- Eventually you realize that you can just dash through all the obstacles, except for the bosses, which then trivializes the game to a degree.- The map's design is a little weird, as it has a lot of indentation shapes that I thought would lead to places. For the most part, it does a good job of showing you that something continues in this direction or not, but there are some spots where the walls on the map don't match up with the fact that there's something in that direction. It wasn't really a problem though, as it's easy enough to traverse everything, and that problem is also solved by simply dipping into each room you pass by, so an uncompleted path opens in that direction.- For NPCs whose dialogue can change, they could've had something like a [ ! ] symbol above them to indicate the unique dialogue.- Momodora could've also used more miniquests with sub-stories. Would help make the game world more tangible and fleshed out.- I was confused about what the green thing was that popped up at the windmill leading to the Fresh Spring Leaf. It's the only thing I looked up a guide for, because it's something you can come across many times before you're even close to actually unlocking it. Could've been explained better, with something like an NPC that explains its history and how wind magic is needed to make it work. Perhaps a spirit who appears when the nearby enemies are defeated.- After a while you realize that you can easily stun every enemy with first attack. This is somewhat rectified by the bosses, but I suppose having more endgame enemies that shield or even counter immediately after shielding would've been neat."
,Recommended,428550,24441804,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MinatoSanSamaSenpaiSenseiDesu,"I caressed a witch's giant boobs with a leaf gently, 10/10"
,Recommended,428550,24964332,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tomatoshadow,"A wonderful hidden gem that seemingly came out of no where!Like most others, I had never heard of Momodora before stumbling upon this game. Looked at the trailer and a few pictures and I was already sold. Started the game and played a few minutes and I was already in love with it.This game is very simple and elegant. It looks gorgeous and it's very beautifully animated. It's satisfying to control, easy to pick up and somewhat difficult to master. However, although the learning curve is a bit steep at first, it stagnates quickly enough and becomes fairly easy. I completed the game on normal difficulty and although I did have a harder time the first few bosses, the game became increasingly easy to me.It's not a massive game but it doesn't try to sell you something it isn't. It is reminescent of Dark Souls in a few aspects without trying to be Dark Souls either. Enemies can be pretty tough and you get punished for being reckless. Bosses are pretty tough most of the time and you have to be patient and dodge attacks carefully. You have save points which heal you and replenish your healing items and doors that ""Do not open from this side"". The game is also non-linear, which sort of explains why the difficulty doesn't change much.The map is not particularly big but it was very fun to explore, the game is not very long but you definitely get your money's worth. There are also a bunch of hidden stuff all around, which might encourage you to complete more than one playthrough.There is very little story but it's perfect the way it is. You get small tidbits of dialogue that put you in context from time to time, without drowning you in pointless hours backstory.I feel like I could very well have played this game on the SNES back then. It feels oldschool but also shares a few more modern design choices, which makes a very good mix in my opinion.Definitely recommended this game to anyone that likes metroidvania style games, platformers, A-RPG, that sort of stuff. One of my favorite discoveries this year!"
,Recommended,428550,21683449,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,MarurabaATX,"just a great game, simple controls. amazing what you can do when your in the zone. if you like mario, super ghost and goblins and kirby then this will feel right at home, though a bit on the tough side.8/10exectued really well."
,Recommended,428550,21967992,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Edy Nelson,"Extremely well made game.Combat is great, Movement is fluid and on point, level design is very good.All this mixed up with adorable and very well made pixel art.I can only recommend it."
76561198055886177,Recommended,428550,31928169,Posted: 23 May,all,Pollito,Pros:Has a cat.Big monsters have boobs.Punishing enough to make you blush.Cons:No sequel yet.10/10 Would play a sequel.
76561198114135204,Recommended,428550,23407724,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,R.Heart,"This is EXACTLY what a great game needs to look like. No frills, no BS, you are at the whim of your own wits, and the meager handful of abilities and power-ups you nab along the way. You are not spoon-fed a story or just playing hop-scotch with the keyboard to get to the next movie, you have to infer a few things for yourself. It's there, and it's rich. And a little heartbreaking. But very, very beautiful.I have friends who tell me, ""oh, Skyrim, I'll be playing that forever."" Sure it's a game of 100+ hours, but if you distill the monotony of crap like character customization (aka lazy developers), level grinding (aka fake replayability), item creation (aka cooking class) and complex tech trees you never use half of, that game gets boiled down to probably 20 hours tops. At least, that's what it feels like to me. Suffice to say, if there is a distinct lack of reason that compels me to play, that game has an expiration date long before 100 hours. And don't even get me started on MMOs. It's pretty much, ""click on an enemy and push this sequence of number keys and win. Ok do it again. Ok do it again."" They're all boring. Scrap all of that and play a real game today.Now I'll grant you, in this genre with these kinds of platformers, they usually make the difficulty ridiculous. Nigh unapproachable, save the ninja elites. This isn't. This is hard, but not so hard you don't feel like you're getting better, or can't figure it out, or just try a different strategy and it will work. With my mediocre skills, the items you do get are JUST enough, and I like that you don't always have to go to a store or farm items to replenish your supplies. I will say though, Fennel is ALWAYS a pain in the rear. But I'm not even knocking that, she's just the illustration of why impatient people (me) will struggle with this game. There was only about 2 spots where it felt 'remotely' dirty the way I died, falling into a pit of spikes. But when I slowed down just a bit, and paid a little more attention, it was no trouble at all.Play this game. ""Recommended"" is such a drastic understatement of how great it really is. Enjoy."
,Recommended,428550,23130687,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,☬FD☬ Homicidal Penguin,This is such a beautiful game series!I love the art style!Its come such a long way.11/10
,Recommended,428550,23899851,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Solarmax,"I bought this game because ""Indie""... I thought, I'll give it a try, got to Pardoner.Epic OST starts playing, palms sweaty, arms heavy, mom's spaghetti...It's on, until the point I started to regret it. It was exactly same emotion I felt after I killed Queelag in Dark Souls.Some of the bosses are dissapointing, but overall it's a great game.This game has it, I don't know how it's called or what it even is... You'll understand what I'm talking about when you'll play it."
,Recommended,428550,21724651,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pizzarous,"Loved it,The visual art of this game is just too damn good.And don't get me started on the soundtrack and gameplay!Such a brilliant addition to a great genre."
,Recommended,428550,21803720,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hip To Be Square,Awesome game. Very Dark Souls-ish with a great soundtrack. Good controls too.
,Recommended,428550,24125562,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Saber,"-Good soundtrack (buy it with the game, seriously, it's just good, go support the devs)-Awesome gameplay & mechanics-Best 2D souls game i've ever played-Cute-Interesting story and plotMade this man shed a tear10/10I hope another momodora game devs, i am so satisfied, good job!"
,Recommended,428550,29022578,Posted: 4 January,all,RedToad64,"Probably containing the most gorgeous pixel work I have seen in an indie game of late, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is the fourth game in the series and combines elements from its predecessors to create the most majestic Momodora experience yet. Wack foes with a maple leaf and upgrade our heroine across a compact map, fighting some of the trickiest bosses in the franchise.Many have expressed concern over the difficulty, but as someone who plays retro games reguarly, I had no issues on the Normal setting."
,Recommended,428550,23128613,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Seboist,Fourth entry in the Momodora series that combines the Metroidvania aspect of the second entry with the refined ARPG combat of the third. It also ditches the small chibi porportioned sprites of the previous games and replaces them with more realistically porportioned ones(an improvement in my eyes).  By far the best game in the series(they keep improving with each entry) and a recommeded title for any Metroidvania fan(those who enjoyed the Castlevania ones will especially dig this one).
76561198046155452,Recommended,428550,21754500,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ROW ROW FIGHT THE POWER,"As someone who never writes reviews I just had to say this is a stellar game in a series that I've never even heard of until now. The controls are tight, the art and animations are wonderful, and the gameplay is fun. The game is a perfect mix of punishing for trying to bully your way ahead and rewarding for overcoming the challenges it puts in front of you. If you're a fan of Dark Souls, Castlevania, Cave Story, or all three it's definitely worth trying."
,Recommended,428550,25386977,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Thots,"PROS:+Awesome combat system.+Good Soundtrack.+Boss fights.+Unique itens.+Pretty good lore so far.CONS:-Can be pretty hard/annoying, but nothing more than this.Recommend for anyone who likes Metroidvania stylish games.10/10."
,Recommended,428550,21698466,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ainz,"This game has an amazing atmosphere, beautiful environments, and a very nice soundtrack. The gameplay itself is very, very challenging, but incredibly fun and rewarding. Little details really bring the world to life, and the pixel art is gorgeous.Although there are not many characters and some of them do not get developed very much, you certainly get attached to them during the course of the game. The heroine, despite being silent, has a personality you can ascertain from your journey with her, and even the idle animations give her character.Depending on how good you are, the main game should take you about 4 hours, but the NG+ will likely provide you with even more enjoyment. Although I found it short, I am ultimately very satisfied with the experience. This is one of the best action platformers I have played in a long, long time, and it will certainly leave a lasting impression on me.As a prequel, there are more games in this series to play, but I myself am unsure if the other games will be able to fill the void in my heart that has formed after finishing this game. I wholeheartedly recommend this to everybody, although fans of action platformers will likely enjoy it the most."
,Recommended,428550,24305055,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,reero,THIS GAME IS SO GOOD AMAZING 15/10
,Recommended,428550,21737864,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,sketchyguy,"Great gameplay, atmosphere, and art- I didn't know I wanted to play Castlevania+Dark Souls until I became engrossed with this game."
,Recommended,428550,30652322,Posted: 21 March,all,eldavider,"Great game, I've played it both on Steam and PS4.Pros:- Fun platforming- Simple but rewarding combat- Exploring feels rewarding (you always end up finding something, you don't feel like going in circles for hours).- Great bosses.- Immersive and addicting.Con:- A couple of bigger enemies don't feel really fair because of a weird hit detection."
76561198037917342,Recommended,428550,22751601,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,「SUPER EUROBEAT」,"Started up the game, knew it was going to be great after 30 seconds. Confirmed my impression for the next 6-7 hours. The game is essentially perfect, I really can't find anything wrong with it. If you like action platformers, atmospheric games, and severe depression, buy this game now.This is one of the only games where I jumped right into NG+ upon beating it. Usually I'm tired of the game or just burnt out, but this game is short enough yet satisfying enough to warrant another play right away.10/10"
,Recommended,428550,24036612,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,meowmento mori,"Excellent, excellent Metroidvania. The platforming and combat is fluid and rewarding. The entire game clearly had a lot of love for the genre put into it, as nearly everything about it is fantastic. If you like Metriodvanias at all, this game is a must."
,Recommended,428550,24091108,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Xeroslash,"Fantastic Game. Has all the elements that I love in a metroidvania game. Extremely good exploration, pacing, upgrades, and boss fights."
,Recommended,428550,33091571,Posted: 1 July,all,Lodum,"Momodora: RUtM first drew me in with its pixel art which is, in a word, beautiful. What I found inside was much more than I had imagined, though, and it remains one of my favorite ""came outta nowhere, to me at least"" games. It's a game I can't ""talk up"" enough, especially for fans of other difficult, exploratory, dark fantasy games.M:RUtM is a non-linear action platformer - a Metroidvania - that takes more than a few cues from the Dark Souls series, of all things. Admittedly it's a much SMALLER experience than those games with a first playthrough of less than ten hours, but it has a no less fascinating world where you spend your time exploring both its environment and story as they unravel around you. Overall, the easiest way to describe it would perhaps be as ""a SNES Souls-game"".Mechanically, it's functional and responsive. The controls for platforming and combat are simple and straight forward, meaning mistakes are your own and not the result of a too-complicated control scheme. The core experience of jumping, attacking, and dodging is incredibly satisfying: care was taken so that you can really appropriately feel each hit, and the jumps have a good sense of weight that really contribute to a good, precise, and fair challenge in the platforming.Design-wise, the game focuses on exploring each area to find enemies to kill, bosses to challenge, and shortcuts to get around faster. Enemy placement is thoughtful, making almost every encounter memorable because of the interesting way monsters are laid out with the terrain. Boss Fights are numerous, difficult, and extremely satisfying to win. Exploration is guided by having objectives - usually mutiple at once, lending to the non-linearity - but being left to find them on your own.A small difference, with large positive effect in my opinion, is the lack of a traditional level-up system. Instead you have Metroid-style pickups that give you new abilities, and also expand your health bar. There is only one upgrade that increases the amount of damge you do, and various items that can do the same with either a limited time effect, or a trade-off. I really like this design as it truly means you can explore wherever you want without worry that the enemies are too-high a level, and beating a boss is always something you truly *can* do if you play better.I guess, in conclusion, I could gush about this hidden gem of a game for ages. If you like Dark Souls, Super Metroid, or other challenging games focusing on exploration, I can't recommend this enough. It's technically the fourth game in a series (the first two are free), but *entirely* satisfying as a standalone experience. I cannot recommend it enough, and I would give it at least two thumbs up here if I could."
,Recommended,428550,23882067,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,🅱️ohru,"TL;DR: WORTH EVERY PENNY. A MASSIVELY fun game that you will find yourself racking up lots of hours playing if you're a Darksouls/Metroidvania kind of fan or even if you just like platforming and combat.Momodora is a game about Kaho, a priestess from the village of Lum who sets out on a journey to rid her hometown of a curse by finding the source and purifying it. Armed with only a Holy Maple Leaf and a Magic Bow she must take down monsters of all kinds ready to kill her without mercy.PROS:A Vibrant Bright World with Beautiful GraphicsA Nice Multi-Sectioned Map With Each Area Having their own AestheticAn OST with Stupendous Tracks to Immerse you in the World and Fitting for Every SituationA Simple yet Intriguing Story that Makes you want to find out Every Secret About ItEach Character and Enemy Have their Own Personality and Substance to them Despite any Lack of Text or ExplanationQuick Paced Combat Against Every Enemy and Challenging Combat Against All BossesA Plethora of Collectables that are Cleverly HiddenAn Arsenal of Items to Choose from to Suit your Combat and/or PlaystyleEvery Single Accomplishment Feels Super GratifyingA Lot of Replayability Value Despite its Debatably Short LengthCONS:Too Short (DEBATEABLE: READ THE CONCLUSION)CONCLUSION:This game will keep you entertained for hours. It drops you off and doesn't hold your hand at all, it only tells you how to play and that's it, you're on your own from there. The challenge this game has is wonderful and suits any and all players. The multiple difficulty settings fit even the most casual players and the most hardcore players who get a kick out of the challenge. Insane mode is literally everything is a one hit kill <3 This game is worth every penny to buy and you won't regret buying it one bit. You don't even need a good computer to play this, it runs beautifully and looks beautiful with what they worked with and the art style. A perfectly polished game. The only downside I listed was that the game was too short. From my perspective the game was too short BUT on my first playthrough I had over 8 hours and loved every moment, and after that since there is so much replay value the game can last a long time without getting stale. What I mean by short in this situation is that the world is small, despite this though, getting 100% map completion and finding every collectible takes a lot of time if you don't know where they are. This game is perfect in every aspect and I hope they make their future games just like this one but yet somehow happen to blow my mind even more with new creativity. Any price for this game less than the listed $9.99 (which is already astoundingly low) is a STEAL. BUY IT, and if you want to go the extra mile, support the devs by buying the OST which is beautiful all on its own.Amazing Game 10/10-Kayo"
,Recommended,428550,21635334,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Varia,"I've been a fan of Momodora for a few years now. I originally found the first two games forfreeon thedeveloper's website.It's honestly been pretty cool to see this series evolve.The controls in every game are really simple, including this one. You can use your controller this time as well. Combat in Momo 4 is pretty neat since they added dodging. Attacking with your leaf is a little slower than in the previous games, but the animation looks really nice. There's also a ranged attack, which I don't think I've seen since Momo 2. It's really good for picking off common enemies at a distance.The environments are pretty (more exploration, woo!), the music fits the atmosphere really well, and the art is as cute and pixely as always. I highly recommend this series to anyone looking for an action platformer to play. It's a fun game at just the right length."
76561198247783080,Recommended,428550,23979024,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kalvar,"This game absolutely blew my expectations away and then some! Movement feels perfect, the artwork is beautiful, bosses are challenging but fair, cool side characters, sweet upgrades, definitely perfect. Buy this game and you won't regret it"
,Recommended,428550,33511130,Posted: 13 July,all,Spider3,"A nice platformer, good controls, unique atmosphere, no tedious backtracking, decent story, good music and sfx.Took 9 hours to complete, I never had ""boring"" parts. Definitely worth 10 bucks for the entertainent you get :)"
,Recommended,428550,21652058,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ARKS,"A great game, with great challenge and simple but fair combat.Being very metroidvania-like, Momodora will send you back and forth through it's world always ready to surprise you with it's catches and secrets. The aesthetics of the game are very well thought through and along with the colours and the fluid pixel art animations, it's like playing through a piece of art.Momodora delivers at least 5 hours of engaging gameplay and while your character doesn't say much, your surroundings do, which creates an amazing narrative experience.If you like Metriodvania stuff and have a thing for pixels, then get this game."
,Recommended,428550,33560568,Posted: 15 July,all,Mitsu Mitsu Mitsu,"A game that mixes elements of difficulty, art, platforming and a beautiful story all the while filled with thrilling boss fights that leave you both questioning how and why you never knew about this game till now? WOW – this game is truly a master piece and had me wanting for more.Real talk - this game cant be described in words - its just really good, so good in fact that its one of the best games ive played!"
,Recommended,428550,23877874,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nukkus,"Soooo sadly short, but every moment of it is worth it. The ending had me in tears though. Well worth the money for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,428550,28744584,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MrBucket,Great game reminds me of Symphony of Night for PS1.  Not as many items but still this is a great game.  I even like the game mode that lets you start over with all your items.
76561198176061846,Recommended,428550,31052238,Posted: 9 April,all,98Peanuts,Its a metroidvania game and its a good one worth buying.Good MusicNice StoryFun Gameplay
,Recommended,428550,28212553,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,<sWgR_bOyZ> Fedoralord,"Absolutely amazing. A must play!Fantastic music goes together great with the lovely sprite artwork, to create a wonderful atmosphere.Tight controls, Fun mechanics and the dodgeroll ability elevates the gameplay well above most other 2D action platformers.Multiple difficulties ranging from hair tearing frustrating (yet entirely fair) to ""I'm just here for the atmosphere""Replayabillity via achivements, secrets, and general challenge (the unlockable insane difficulty)Legitimately a perfect, incredibly tight and defined video game. 10/10"
,Recommended,428550,21826708,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Unravel,"A major improvement over previous installments with Bloodborne visual inspiration intact. Much darker than Momodora 1-3 when it comes to themes, dialogues and overall design. The longer story and better characterization are still left to be desired, but it's, as it always goes for Momodora games, justified by how polished it is for what it's worth. And surprisingly, RUtM shines the most in technical aspect, meaning the controls are precise, the button layout on the gamepad is nothing short of perfect and the itemization is designed to not burden the player. One game series I won't worry about, considering how every new entry just gets better and better."
,Recommended,428550,21967493,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,inhow,"Momodora: BloodborneAnd in my opinion, better than Salt And Sanctuary."
,Recommended,428550,22813127,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kuroki,"Solid metroidvania style game, with a little hint of a Souls game. I wish this game gets all the attention it needs because it is truly a hidden gem.Only large complaint against it is the really short lenght (if you play it only once). 9/10"
,Recommended,428550,24115610,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Amestis,"""Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight"" (previously titled ""Momodora IV"") is a side-scrolling action-adventure game with strong emphasis on combat. This was my first experience with the ""Momodora"" series so I didn't particularly care about the plot, but as far as I could tell it's pretty simple and not exactly something to be writting home about.Visually, this game is incredible. With a light Victorian influence, it's presented in a pixel art style somewhat reminiscent to that of classic SNK Playmore's titles from the Neo Geo era such as ""The King of Fighters"" and ""The Last Blade"". Character sprites are pretty detailed, the animation is smooth and fluid, and the backdrops to the environments you'll be fighting your way through are beautiful and atmospheric.In terms of gameplay, I'll start off by saying that ""Momodora IV"" is one of the games with best game feel that I've played in years. You'll take control of Koha, an adorable priestess armed with a bow and a maple leaf (for long- and close-ranged combat, respectively). Melee combat feels pretty good, and I'd particularly say it's one of the strongest points of the game. You get a fair amount of audiovisual and haptic feedback while fighting, so it feels pretty satisfying to smash enemies in the face with a maple leaf. Using the bow to engage enemies from afar is quite nice too; you can almost always rely on your bow to fight tough enemies while keeping a safe distance. You also have a roll command to avoid attacks, traps, and other kinds of hazards.As far as Metroidvanias go, ""Momodora IV"" gives you plenty of freedom to roam and explore without having the player being seriously hindered by the lack of unlockable abilities. However, the game doesn't give you a lot of incentives for backtracking once you obtain said abilities, which for a Metroidvania is a bit of a shame. You can explore and revisit some areas in the game to obtain health upgrades, find item sellers, and collect ivory bugs that can be traded for ""munny"". Apart from that, there's not really much else you can do.Something I didn't exactly expect from this game was its difficulty. This game is hard, and I had my head handed to me many times until I started to switch my approach to something more methodical. Usually in this type of game, you're not harshly punished for taking damage, and even when you do it's easy to come by health recovery methods. ""Momodora IV"", however, wants to make sure you think before you act: enemies cause a lot of damage (some of them will even kill you in one hit), you don't have a whole lot of health, and the amount of health recovery items at your disposal is pretty limited (think of it like the Estus flasks from ""Dark Souls"").Occasionally, however, it feels like the game is hard for the wrong reasons. One thing that bugged me throughout the entire game was the fact that you can take damage from enemies if they touch you. I think that makes no sense, considering the game's strong focus on melee combat. That makes some boss battles incredibly annoying to deal with. And speaking of which, the bosses in this game are ridiculous and will make you want to pull your hair out not because they're tough or challenging, but because of how poorly designed they are. Their attack patterns are nonsense, the hitboxes are dumb, the one-hit kills pretty much mean trial-and-error, and most of the time they'll keep pushing you around since they can damage you merely by walking, forcing you to fight from a distance. Oh, and somehow the easiest bossis the last one— something's wrong there!Another thing that bothered me a lot is this game's strange obsession with projectiles getting thrown at you by off-screen enemies. Be ready to get sniped a lot by these.And lastly, this game is really short. I played it on hard and managed to beat it in about 7 hours. The ending was... incredibly underwhelming. And I'm not really too excited about going back to it to finish the collect-a-thons and unlocking the rest of the achievements. In the end, I still choose to recommend this game to any Metroidvania fan out there because I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy my time with it. This game could've been something much bigger, probably the next best thing since ""Dust: An Elysian Tail"", but it falls just short of that."
,Recommended,428550,31518103,Posted: 2 May,all,Andrewmat,"Although it is hard and it's probably it won't succeed in the first try, defeating the oponnents is very satisfying.Death is punishing, but not frustrating. Not many games can get this right.Plus: Great graphics and soundtrack"
,Recommended,428550,30841681,Posted: 30 March,all,not daijou-boo,"When I got this game, I was expecting pretty basic MetroidVania fare. I was NOT expecting to feel emotions. The atmosphere in this game is just oppressive, and the whole way through it feels like there's no way you can possibly save these poor people. The soundtrack is beautiful and suits the mood perfectly.But, this game isn't just music and atmosphere. The controls are tight and combat is simple enough that you can grasp it quickly but complex enough to remain fun throughout. The difficulty is just right (for me anyway), it isn't ridiculously difficult, but it also isn't boringly easy (and if you're looking for a real challenge, I suggest unlocking insane mode). I'd suggest this game to anybody who likes Castlevania, Metroid, Dark Souls, or any other similar games."
,Recommended,428550,30679650,Posted: 22 March,all,Amasa 半妖,"Took me 25 hours to get all the achievements.Lot of secrets & treasures. Challenging bosses. Fantastic music.Nice combat. Awesome art. Game is kinda short but has replayability.Dark Souls inspired, with dodge mechanics & items filling up at Shrines.Last 3 achievements will have you master this game where you can speedrun it.Overall, this a really great game for $10.If you still think that's to much pick it up on sale."
76561198144646326,Recommended,428550,22032667,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Pibe,Awesome Game
,Recommended,428550,22071603,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"freddie ""bong hit"" johnson",good game if you like good games
,Recommended,428550,21674050,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gasai,"All I can say is, as an avid Dark Souls player I felt right at home playing this game.Beautiful levels, beautiful sprites, interesting characters, dark story and amazing combat. This game is everything I could have wanted from a 2D platformer.Side note: This was my first Momodora game but it certainly won't be my last."
,Recommended,428550,21747432,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,NBlast,"Despite some missteps, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is an easily recommendable game for your 2D Metroidvania-esque kick.In case you didn't notice that in the trailers, the game looks amazing. The quality of the pixel art is one of the reasons why I become interested in the first place, but after playing the game I can easily confirm that artstyle, atmosphere, ambient music and overall presentation holds the bar pretty high thought the whole game with no major complains. Sprites are big, expressive and detailed (really loving the enemy designs!) and most environments are extremely polished as well. Decay and corruption is the name of the game here and It's realized masterfully by drab but beautiful locations and grim sound effects.You can see that lots of thought went into level design. While the world isn't as big as in other games from the genre, it is planned very carefully. Interconnection of many areas allows for a quite a bit of freedom in tackling several areas in middle-game. Platforming challenges are also present, but they are tactful and not extremely demanding, so high skill isn’t required. Still, I would like to see some of the instant death spikes removed in few places. Those aren't viciously placed in particular but they are noticeable. There aren’t many upgrades and collectibles in comparison to other metroidvanias, but the gameplay is still well paced and there are few trinkets to collect. I need to mention a intuitive and non-annoying map and menus.Combat is competent but very basic. You are given some melee attacks, dodges and ranged arrows, but I think that basic three-hit combo could use some company in form of few other melee moves and tactics. This isn't near being a deal breaker, since enemy encounters and especially bossfights, for what they are, present high excitement and pattern-reaction dodging action, which I really liked despite combat’s limitations. Still, there is a room for improvement.The most glaring, wasted opportunity of the game is it’s story. This game is a prequel to the previous installments and it is implied that you don't need to know any events from previous Momodora titles to enjoy it. While this is technically true and story isn't nowhere near bad by itself, I'm afraid that game failed in giving enough lore and exposition for the new players. Fortunately, setup of the game is clear and you won't roam aimlessly not knowing what to do, but the game really could use some more flavor text in many places. Game sometimes takes benefit or you not knowing the basics of Monomora's lore, especially in the interesting ending sequence, but otherwise you would really like to know more about the world and characters. Worst offenders of exposition drought are the boss characters that appear and disappear without much explanation about their goals and whereabouts. Your opponents look like really interesting characters, but they aren't fleshed out, set up properly or they often leave the scene in undisclosed fashion. I would really like to squeeze more out of the game’s story, for example by NPCs changing their dialog depending on the plot events or optional story-driven locations.While you can beat the game in 4 hours on your first try, it is ultimately satisfying adventure worth the asking price. There is a clear incentive of New Game+ mode and achievement encouraged challenges, so there is some replayability to the game after the initial run. I like to judge games based on the condition ""Would I really like to replay the game again after finishing it"". In that case, I can easily recommend this game. While flawed, it’s a wonderful little title with great presentation and honest effort. I really wish that dev will use experience from making this game as a base for new subsequent releases."
,Recommended,428550,21628691,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,yellow_thirteen,"If you're looking for an excellent metroidvania with tight mechanics then look no further. The initial cuteness hides the much more oppressive world just below the surface.+Spritework that puts most other indie games to shame+A simple, but interesting story told through dialogue and item descriptions.+Tight Platforming+Excellent Atmosphere+BGM that enhances the experience.+Tight dodge mechanics+Healing is limited between shrines similar to souls games.+Enemy variety is interesting.+Boss fights feel challenging, and quick reflexes are just as useful as pattern memorization.+Plenty of secrets to uncover+Items that allow for different playstyles+Multiple difficulty options+Good length for the genre**3.5 hours on a blind ""Normal"" playthrough getting 100% exploration and True ending, but missing some side objectives."
76561198155305575,Recommended,428550,23964898,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"Azu-something, I don't know","It's not the longest platformer I've played, but I LOVED the easy to pick up combat, and the art style and ambiance of the map. 5/7 perfect score."
76561198091659689,Recommended,428550,30249049,Posted: 28 February,all,wolftonrei,"If for some reason you would rather watch instead of read -https://youtu.be/PZlolrBAdskI Don’t necessarily know where to start with this one. I scooped Momodora: Reverie under the moonlight on a steam sale, and when i did a little digging not only did i discover it was apart of a series, but that it also was the prequel to the original momodora. Momodora classic as demonstrated from the visuals drew a lot of inspiration from another indie game cave story with it’s ascetics, and mega man for it’s gameplay. Each iteration tweaks, and slightly improves it’s core concepts in what will later be carried over into Reverie under the moonlight. surprise surprise. Momodora 1&2 are free to download and play with the 3rd being on steam for 2 bucks if that sounds interesting to you. There not long games mind you. The developer created what i can only refer to as a trilogy of games in this style to be that classic nes arcade feel so if you got some time to kill pop one in.The first thing that is clear is that visually it is quite the improvement over the previous entries. It’s not the most gorgeous pixel art, but it certainly is pleasant to the eyes. I love the design for the main character, and the npcs you can interact with. However some of the enemies you encounter are uh.. a little flat. Oh and environments. yes. So what is Momodora about? Well you play  the priestess Kaho who comes from a far away land to try and save her home of a curse that has been plaguing it. Armed with nothing but a bow, a holy leaf, and special garments with great significance later on your goal is to seek an audience with the queen of Karst to possibly save your home. And that’s roughly about it. There isn’t that much given in the way of dialogue, or cutscenes that explains in detail about this land and it’s inhabitants leaving you to fill in the blanks from implied dialogue, and item descriptions. Sound familiar? It is a lot like the soul series which is an apt description to define this games inspiration. There are good amount of parallels you can draw between the two from it’s darker ascetics to it’s uses of items, and difficulty of tasks it presents. Keep in mind that it is framed in the metroidvania genre as well using a fairly large map for you to explore and backtrack through once you have collected the proper item/ upgrade to progress with goodies to find in nooks and crannies.As one would expect The core of the game play reflects this change in inspiration moving from the snappy twitch play, to a slower methodical approach to traversing your surroundings of which is reminiscent of the souls series. however i don’t think this attempt to convert dark souls into a 2d plane is the most practical. There was no egregious moment that had me snapping my controller thankfully, but there were some moments that were definitely a test of patience. So one of the things that is introduced in this game is that like dark souls you have the ability to dodge, which does come in handy a fair amount  of times, but ♥♥♥♥ me. half the time i ended up rolling right into enemies which hurts because for some reason because the developers decided to keep enemy hit boxes that you usually find in 2d platform heavy games. Not only that, but at the beginning of the game it can be unforgiving in it’s difficulty. Within the first area the game already starts throwing poison effects at you, and you only start with 3 healing items that will at best heal one bar of your health when all 3 are consumed. The next area the game also starts doling out some hefty punches with it’s enemies if your not careful. To top it off the checkpoint/ save system shares a lot of similarities with the souls series refreshing all of your usable items when you strike or pray at the bell. However unlike dark souls when you die you don’t respawn at the last checkpoint. It’s considered an actual game over which means any items you collected, or bosses defeated before reaching a check point is lost with a death leaving you to have to start from scratch. It is never bad mind you, aside from the final stretch between the two last checkpoints, the rest are well placed. Momodora is one of those games that never ramps up in difficulty which means once you get used to all of it’s quirks it becomes a rather fun experience to deal with the games challenges.find a particular area frustrating to deal with? Don’t worry about it because chances are you won’t be dealing with the same challenge presented. Momodora is not a very long game, only taking me roughy 3 hours to complete it on the medium setting which means you get to explore an abundance of mini challenges between what is most definatly the best part of the game, the bosses. Some are push overs, some are easy to cheese, while others are presented well striking a nice difficulty in overtaking the boss. then there is the pardoner Fennel which is without a shadow of a doubt the highlight of what game has to offer. It’s so well constructed. The boss is aggressive enough to keep you from cheesing it, but offers enough ways to counter it that aggressiveness transforming the fight into more of a lethally fun dance that really brings out the simplicity of the controls. Hmm maybe i should have thought to talk about it first, oh well live and let live. The equipment you start with at the beginning of the game is essentially all you get in the way of a core experience so no new weapons to tinker with. Though that is not a bad thing. As stated before it is not a long game, and the developers did a good job tailoring the experience to only using a bow that you can charge for more damage as well as a leaf with a 3 part combo, and jump attack.AND to completely contradict myself one second later that isn’t nessissarily true that they are the only thing in your arsenal. You do collect a random assortment of items throughout the game as well through finding them in chests or buying them off the merchant with currency that drops off of slain enemies, and come in two varieties. Actives and passives. Actives are probably my least favorite to use. These items share the same slot as your healing bells, and you can only have one selected at a time through a one way rotary like dark souls meaning you will be clumsily fumbling through items in combat. Or outside of it too like me. plus a fair amount of them are uh….. not the most effective. There are a fair bit of good items though that help make short work of bosses, but that’s not the same for passives. Oh boy are some of them broken. You can only equip two at a time as a trade off, but a lot of them are so useful especially when you mix and match that you can create some ridiculous synergies. For beginners i recommend the ring of candor, which will ring whenever you walk into a room with a secret collectable if you don’t want to use a guide. And as an added little treat try taking down bosses without taking a hit. You just might get some neat things from doing so.Last, but certainly not least is the soundscape. A lot of the sound effects are in that compressed retro style reminesant of the snes that does a good job conveying the sense of the game. Attacks have that satisfying heft to them that goes along with the animation, cues for attacks are fairly distinct though sometimes they can be drowned out by the soundtrack. Just all around good work…. mostly. And that soundtrack. OOOOO yes it is damn good if jarring a bit since it’s higher quality sound then the rest. It really hits that sweet spot i have for low moody/ atmospheric music with a few higher energetic songs for the boss fights. I do recommend buying the soundtrack with the game. Hats off to NotoriousKnave who created it. The entire soundtrack can be found on youtube easily so give it a listen to, and it’s only 2 dollars more to purchase."
,Recommended,428550,25851403,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zeream,"Overall:  6/10tl;dr:  Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a satisfying game, but its nothing special beyond its aesthetic, it ultimately rings hollow, and you're never really going to come back wanting more after you finish the first time, regardless of difficulty.  Its recommended you play with a controller.Full ReviewMomodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a satisfying Metroidvania, but its nothing special beyond its aesthetic, it ultimately rings hollow, and you're never really going to come back wanting more after you finish the first time, regardless of difficulty.  Its recommended you play with a controller.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=774694999I'm going to start this review on a high note; the graphics and music are excellent.  The mood they set is the best feature of the game by far.  In fact, many people pick up this title for the aesthetic alone.  Beyond those, the game is pretty ordinary and doesn't have much going for it.I maybe got 6-7 hours out of the game (with 1-2 hours idling), though I know most people said the game was essentially 5 hours long.  Thats short honestly, but it felt shorter because most of the game was... empty.Level design is okay, works well with the graphical style and there is a bit of exploration.  Most of the areas are clearly defined, but don't seem to have a real place in the world.  They're just there... and in some cases, the placement of areas and overall themes feels like its a bit too inspired by the Castelvania games.  The transition from the tutorial area to the dark city was much too abrubt, however; we're talking Michael Bay levels of abrupt transitioning.Gameplay was fun but it suffered from creeping boredom.  The game starts with a learning curve, but you'll pick up most of it quickly.  When you pick up a new mechanic or item, things do get entertaining again, but after the novelty quickly wears off its almost a chore to progress to the next one.  Unfortunately, most of the really interesting tools and abilities were placed very late game and you hardly get any use out of them.  You never actually feel like you're going to stop playing, but the pacing is not good enough such that its constantly piquing your interest.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=774694969Boss fights were challenging and interesting, using the dodge mechanic on a 2D field is neat.  Being unable to skip cutscenes between retries was annoying, however.Beyond boss fights, the game is pretty easy (even on normal).  Scaling the difficulty doesn't do much, since once you get the patterns of enemies down you're going to dodge most of it or ignore enemies altogether, even if there are more of them and you have less health.  In fact, there is no way to mix things up; there is a set way to go through any encounter (unless you ignore it, in which case its also straightforward), so playing it on a higher difficulty isn't going to make things more interesting.  The most your strategy might change on higher difficulties is rolldodging more and using more ranged attacks, which isn't that entertaining to be honest.  The combat against anything but bosses boils down to mashing the attack button before the enemy can react to you, where they get hitstunned to death.  Few enemies actually have any armor, so the game overall makes pretty poor use of the dodge mechanic as a way to bypass shields and such; its there purely for dodging past enemies or attacks.  This straightforwardness of your approaches makes your progression brainless after you surpass the initial learning curves, and that does contribute to the hollowness of the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=774694983The biggest flaw is how limited your interactions with other characters are.  The game seemed to try really hard to get you attached to those characters within the brief few seconds you spend with each.  It sort of succeeds, but in doing so it backfires.  There are quite a few characters, and many of them barely get any screentime or dialogue at all.  I often found myself wanting more, but that more wasn't going to come because the character interactions are barebones.  Thus, I was left looking at the void the game left, and it just made everything seem that much more empty.While I had some fun, ultimately I was just left wondering how I managed to get 7 hours of gameplay with this sucker."
,Recommended,428550,21635634,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Inktacle,I smacked some giant tatas with a leaf. Then I died a lot. Today was a good day. 10/10
76561197995631533,Recommended,428550,23873997,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Talon,"Pro: Fun Gamepaly, Decent Music, Good bossesCon:Short (Took me about 3 hours to beat)"
,Recommended,428550,30089377,Posted: 21 February,all,GLUE,"Cave Story inspired Metroidvania with the atmosphere of Bloodborne. What more do you want, honestly? Dark, gritty and difficult above all. Especially if you want all the items with no damage. There is also replay value with higher difficulty modes, pacifist runs, no damage boss runs, etc. It's a game i recommend highly. While some may be put off by the forced 4:3 aspect ratio, i should say go for it anyway. I am the first who dislikes that stuff, but playing this changed my mind. The pixel art and music is also something to take a note on.This is the fourth entry in the franchise, however it stands as a standalone title that is a prequel to all the other games. And it shares only minor connections with the third game, which you can also buy on steam. The first two are free outside of steam, and you should check them out as well if you are a fan of Cave Story. However they are more linear and less cryptic."
,Recommended,428550,26617033,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Legolastom,"I've been a fan of this developer since I discovered Momo III, and it's pretty exciting to see how much of a step up RUtM is in terms of quality compared to it. It's enough for me to say that so far this game is my personal game of the year. I can't speak for everyone, but this game has really made me fall in love with it, as charming as I found previous Momo titles, this one has utterly ensnared me, it ticks so many boxes for me I can't help but write a review for it. And I haven't made a sincere recommendation on steam in years.Again this is a pretty personal review, I'm not looking to make a comprehensive overview of the game, as much as I want to list what I do like and the few things I don't.PROS:- It's cute- Metroidvania style (Even if progression doesn't feel quite as non-linear as most Metroidvania games)- Great Sprites (Everything looks amazing, backdrops, characters, bosses, animations and areas are really well done)- Overall art direction (The zones, item descriptions, npcs, dialogue, sprites, music, level layout, bosses. Everything oozes atmosphere.)- Soundtrack (The soundtrack is great and the only one I've intentionally bought on steam)- Combat (The combat is pretty good, what you'd expect from a game like this, and thankfully never feels clunky or dull. Items and their variety also add another layer to it.)- Love (It always enhances a game when you feel the people making it love the characters and world they're creating)CONS:- Balancing could have been better, even on hard you can breeze through a lot of the game. There also feels like little incentive to fight most bosses with the leaf either, when it's riskier and seems to do less DPS than the bow (Thankfully there's insane and plenty of ways to do different challenge runs to make the game harder if you really want it to be.)- Dark Souls / Bloodborne inspiration felt a bit too heavy handed at times- Was disappointed to find there's no additional characters to play as ;_; Cath DLC when??Playing this feels like a love letter to so many things I enjoy and look for in games. I doubt everyone will end up liking it quite as much as me, but at the very least you'll get a charming Metroidvania style game that will indubitably be worth whatever you pay for it.Also Pardoner Fennel is my wife, and that entire boss fight was the coolest part of the game."
,Recommended,428550,22874537,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DragonSlave,"Awesome game. The visuals and animation make the gameplay make everything feel good. It runs smoothly, boss design is awesome, music is awesome, fairly challeging but not broken hard. Very good game."
,Recommended,428550,21724654,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Taux,"In Short:Great gameplay, Levels, enemies, secrets and items - Poor sound design and Story.A very enjoyable game. If you enjoy Platformers or Darksouls type games, I highly reccomend this title.Very fun gameplay and combat, able to stand up as a great game with that alone.Beautiful art and interesting level design, You can easily back-track when you need to and frequently open shortcuts.A large array of different items and secrets that you wont find on your first playthough.The biggest issue with the game is poor sound design. Many of the sounds fit, but feel off. And some just seem plain broken (Such as when you deflect a throwing knife)The Story was also not too compelling but didnt seem to matter too much."
,Recommended,428550,30864324,Posted: 31 March,all,Pixel Ssh(ado),"If you enjoy Salt & Sanctuary, Wings of Vi, or any similar game, then you will enjoy this one. The controls are fluid. The characters feel well designed. The graphics are are lovely. Content and upgrades are handed out at a well set pace. Fair fights."
,Recommended,428550,25318464,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,thunderbolt73,"This game is awesome! Much more polished than all 3 other games, and is much more chellenging, too. Would reccomend this game to anybody. Why? BECAUSE IT IS FRICKIN' EPIC. 9.2/10"
,Recommended,428550,22902250,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kligan,"An excellent game!Quality pixel art graphics, fitting music, tight and precise controls.Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a metroidvania-style game with dreary atmosphere where you take control of a priestess on a quest to help her home village that has fallen victim of a curse. The priestess is using indestructable maple leaf to beat down her enemies, which is an iteresting choise of a weaponry, i must say. She also is quite a skilled marksman with her bow, shooting volleys of arrows or rapid-firing to deal alot of damage to her foes.The gameplay consists of traversing through different locations, fighting enemies, exploring every nook and cranny for secrets and fighting area bosses. If you die, you start from a checkpoint - holy bells you encounter and use to save your progress and, later, warp between areas of the game.I really don't want to use the beaten-up terms, but this game is quite literally a ""darksouls 2d"".I enjoyed my playthrough of Momodora alot and most definitelly would recommend this game to anyone who likes being challenged by their games. Hard difficulty level really is HARD. Personally, I've beaten the first boss on Hard and decided that playing the rest of the game on Normal would be sufficient for me :DThe only major downside of this game is it's length. It's quite short - I've beaten it in 6 hours. Fair enough it has a new game plus and I haven't found 100% of secrets (but did get a true ending)... Still I felt like it ended pretty fast. Although, that's better than overstaying your welcome, I suppose."
,Recommended,428550,21656562,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Goobie,"I don't normally care to recommend games.This is a really, damn good one."
,Recommended,428550,22991754,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kingofscorn,Basically you can be a cat with dark souls like difficulty swinging a leaf around.And that is all you need to know really.10/10 would cat leaf swing again
,Recommended,428550,24280856,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,👻 Evange-Ghost 👻,"My friend showed me this game's store page and I was instantly sold. Not knowing what I was getting into, I was pleasantly surprised with mechanics that remind me of the SoulsBorne franchise. Not like this is a bad thing, the mechanics compliment the game nicely. The game is difficult, but the combat is entertaining enough to keep me going. Exploration is rewarded with mostly health upgrades. Unfortunately, there's only 2 upgrades for your bow, and just a meager 1 upgrade for character abilities: to dodge mid-air. That's it. Nonetheless, the game was entertaining and worth the money."
,Recommended,428550,21772330,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Serenity,A great game with the feel of classic castlevania/metroid crossed with a little dark souls.
,Recommended,428550,21723701,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,(=VvV=)Joker,"It's Metroidvania Dark Souls, and it's really good."
76561198030738784,Recommended,428550,21766774,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jeticus,"This game right here....Smooth, accurate and fun. It definately has a Demon Souls feel to it which is great, if you like to curse out loud.I currently have it on hard which I only recommend if you are an absolute masochist."
,Recommended,428550,21742483,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,cmintz13,"This game is extremely good. There are enough secrets to sink many hours into, and the insane difficulty is aptly named. The bosses are difficult and have patterns that need to be learned. The few extra characters that appear in the map are not highly developed, but still intresting. All in all a very solid metroidvania game."
,Recommended,428550,21894255,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,levelx,"I absolutely love this game! If you are a fan of the Metroidvania genre, this is a must-have!The game doesn't hold your hand, but overcoming a difficult area or a boss feels very rewarding. Much like the Souls games, from which this game has borrowed a few elements like limited save points and an Estus-like gameplay mechanic.Insane difficulty is a real challenge, but nothing impossible. A hidden true ending and new game plus give this game great replay value."
,Recommended,428550,22990588,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Capybard,"-Great gameplay, a nice mixture of Dark Souls and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. Very tight combat and exploration.-Nice length, about 7 hours if you just beat it, more with replays and 100% completion.-Amazing spritework that is also beautifully animated, which contributes to the combat.-Great music.-Simple but charming story.It's a shame that this game hasn't generated more buzz on social media, because it's really really good. If you ever had a good time with Souls or Castlevania, you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,428550,22795730,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Appriser,"(Note: Reverie is my first experience with the series, I did not play any of the previous installments.)Momodora RutM is a side-scrolling platformer ""metroidvania"" game, taking some elements from the Souls series of games. The player controls the Lun priestess Kaho in her quest to end the curse that is plaguing her homeland.By far the most striking aspects of the game are its gorgeously designed areas, well animated characters and hauntingly beautiful soundtrack; but should you want a brutally challenging gameplay experience Hard mode is unlocked from the start.The combat is easy to pick up but the game constantly tests your ability with ambushes and tricky enemies. If Kaho's maple leaf and bow are not enough to handle every monster in the city, she can also equip usable and passive items that can cast spells or change her attributes on the fly. Her dodge roll grants great invulnerability and should allow getting past all attacks unscathed (I hear this is a requirement in Lunatic difficulty), but should you take a hit you have your estus flas- I mean, bellflowers to heal you. Boss fights vary in difficulty and memorability, but most are fun and challenging.Like the Souls series, the story isn't handed to you through cutscenes but rather (often optional) dialogue with various mysterious characters and the descriptions of items you pick up. However, this is a short game with less items and characters and chances to encounter those characters than a Souls game, and as a result the story ends up being simpler and shorter. Descriptions do give the setting some depth but some feel irrelevant and unconnected where they could have been tied into elements of the world. I feel that perhaps this style of story telling doesn't fit a shorter game like RutM too well, however it does wonders for the dark, depressing mood carried by the game.The fourth installment of Momodora is a hidden indie gem. It's hard for me to find flaws within it - while it could have been bigger, for its size it is a really well polished and enjoyable metroidvania with gorgeous art and a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,428550,21694530,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NinesThousand,If you liked games like the handheld Castlevania ones and Symphony of the Night in paticular you will feel right at home with this one even though it has its own unique style. Although it is rather short this game is very enjoyable and has a New Game + mode as well I do think its worth the price and the spritework is really good as well as the feel and the enviroments of the game overall.I managed to finish the game and get pretty much all the secrets in under 5 hours so I do wish it was longer cause I loved it but I saw some reviews of people that took around 8 hours to beat it so maybe I'm just really good at this after playing so many metroidvania titles. If you have the money I say check it out its alot of fun.
,Recommended,428550,21678668,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Syrence,"This game is a masterpiece, loving it so far, and the fact that it isn't so popular is almost heresy. I high recommend this game, if you're looking for a challenge, stunning visuals, beautiful music, and just an all around good time. 10/10 thus far."
,Recommended,428550,21707826,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Nietona,"This is a solid, perfect example of what a Metroidvania style game should strive towards. Plenty of different paths await you that you can take to find your way towards the next area. The game rewards your exploration - numerous times, I would explore and find bonus items, some of which being able to be used to go and unlock other things from previous levels. The combat is really enjoyable, with each boss being challenging, albeit doable.The graphics are beautiful. There's no doubt about it, this is one of the prettiest games I've seen in a long while, and the aesthetics blend into the music perfectly. My favourite area, Whiteleaf Memorial Park, was serene and beautiful, and the music... this is a game that I could just have open and listen to for hours and hours.The game is challenging - it isn't all THAT hard (though keep in mind I played on Normal difficulty, I'll do a Hard run soon) but some bosses can and WILL hold you up for a while. The bosses are quite charming with their variety and they definitely are quite fun to fight against, as well - you have massive witch ladies to a knight/archer duo, everything giving its utmost to take you down.The story isn't anything special, but it doesnt need to be. You're a priestess on her way through the land to stop the spread of a taint that has reached your homeland, and that's all there is too it. It's very simplistic, but it plays well into the setting and allows for some fun creativity in abilities that you can use to sprint and dodge your way through the Kingdom of Karst.Should you buy this game? Yes, without a doubt. It's worth every single penny."
,Recommended,428550,21768303,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jam,I like it.
,Recommended,428550,25250593,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mr. Esquire,"They Bleed Pixels meets Dark Souls style gameplay in Momodora. The controls are tight, the art and world design is stunning and the bosses are satisfyingly difficult to find, fight aand defeat."
,Recommended,428550,23115546,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,demidar,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is an indie 2D open-world action platformer spun-off from the main three numbered Momodora entries. You play as Kaho, a priestess who has come to the city of Karst to stop the spread of a curse that has affected her homeland. Armed with a magical leaf and a bow, she seeks an audience with the Queen to find away to put a stop to the curse.If you've noticed, I've tried hard to not describe this game as a Metroidvania. This is because I do not believe it is one, contrary to what the Steam Tags say. The key components of a Metroidvania, as compared to a Metroid, is the presence of an RPG system (leveling, numbered stats/attributes and an equipment screen). Momodora doesn't have a leveling system, but it does have an accessories system which grants some special passive effects, such as automatically attracting dropped money or allowing arrows to pierce through multiple enemies. Kaho's sole source of power growth are Max Health pickups hidden around the world, and story-critical items that grant additional utility and power to Kaho's basic powerset, such as being able to dodge in mid-air or being able to charge the bow to a higher level, both gained through exploration furthering parallels to Metroid.Speaking of the gameplay, it is much more Symphony of the Night than Metroid, mainly because Kaho hits things with her leaf as opposed to shooting things with an arm cannon. With an emphasis on melee combat, combined with snappy movements and a good degree of aerial control, techniques like short hop attacks or retreating aerial attacks/charged bow shots, combat feels both very technical and tactica. And you are encouraged to use those techniques, even basic enemies deal a lot of damage so you have to fight smart and not just wade into a throng of enemies, at until you are familiar with what each enemy is capable of. Of course, with such hard hitting enemies Kaho needs a couple of boons to help her survive. First is the dodge roll, which grants a fair amount of i-frames (invincibility frames) and can be used immediately after landing a hit, cancelling any recovery frames and allowing you to narrowly escape retaliation. The second is the leaf's property to make most enemies flinch upon a single attack. This is the reason why short hop attacks are preferable to landing the first hit rather than starting a combo on the ground, ground attacks have a bit of a windup whereas aerial attacks have a longer range and you retain forward momentum. It's these small techniques that made combat very enjoyable for me. And with the ability to continue charging your bow (for higher damage or multiple arrows) while attacking or jumping (dodge rolls break your bow charge), there's a lot to juggle and I never felt bored.I'll briefly cover the item system, so along with equipping two accessories you can equip up to three items that you can switch between while out and about. These items have to be used to have any effect (obviously), and range from healing, to buffs, and to spells. However, all your items recharge their uses when you hit a save point. That's right, the item system is similar to Dark Souls 1 and 2. Just a heads up in case you're wondering if you have any worries of running out of items, as this system will likely change how you play the game.Karst City does a very good job of portraying a hopeless situation. Besides the deceptive first area and another area later in the game, the general colour scheme of areas are darker shades of grey, off and muted colours to really push the decrepit atmosphere of a place abandoned by people with average lives. Most of the population have turned into mad phantoms by the curse and out to kill or drive away anyone who aren't similarly disaffected by the grim circumstances. There are a few NPCs you meet along the way, but they also display a lack of hope, despite putting on a brave or aloof front. I guess you could say that the atmosphere is reminiscent of the Soulsbourne series (though I find those games just a tad goofy).I'd like to take a few sentences to praise the artstyle. It's very clear that it takes its influence from Cave Story. Good pixel art is really hard to do. Good pixel art with such smooth animations is even harder. I can't quite tell how it was done, some of it is a littletoofluid. But whether it was done by tracing over and touching up a 3d model, or it was just painstakingly drawn pixel by pixel, or it uses some amazing pixelation filter (perhaps even combination of the three for different entities in the world, such as the tufts of grass in the forest area), the end result is a joy to look at. Not to mention that it's true pixel art, no squashing, stretching or rotating of low resolution sprites (think Terreria, where ""pixels"" would often be displayed at non-cardinal directions), all the art was done at a consistent pixel density and outputted at a specific resolution to look good. There's a few other games who do the same thing, obviously Cave Story (and Kero Blaster from the same developer) and Shovel Knight. It's always nice to see someone commit to true pixel art.Momodora is a great game, though it is a little short for a Metroid-like. My hard playthrough took me about 6-8 hours which probably inflated my time played as bosses could kill me in a single hit, but that's okay, it never felt unfair as their attacks are ofetn telegraphed with a circle graphic (think Metal Gear Rising's eyeshine effect). If you are in to Mtroidvanias--even if I don't think this is one--it shares enough DNA that you would probably get a lot of enjoyment out of it, and at $10 I think that's a pretty good proposition."
,Recommended,428550,23851001,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Aaragon,"Absolutely stunning. From start to end the game keeps you in it's world.It reminded me a ton of Dark souls while playing, and there was a ton of hidden secrets I couldn't even find on my first playthrough. Really great.Only con is the length, I got the true ending without guides in about 4 hours, but they were 4 hours I loved all the way, which is more than I can say for most games.Bottom line, well worth the price."
,Recommended,428550,23849939,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kevin,"Highly recommend this game - it can be a bit of a short game depending on how quickly you explore the map and complete the side content, but the ""Dark Souls"" like atmosphere coupled with the Metroidvania styled gameplay and charming pixellated art direction makes the game an absolute blast to play!"
,Recommended,428550,25285747,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ghegs,"I've always been of the opinion that a game should feel a bit too short compared to overstaying its welcome. Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight hits that spot. My first playthrough was just a hair under 4 hours with 98% map exploration rate and I found myself wishing it had been just a bit longer, with one more area to explore or another boss to fight. The game does have longevity in the form of additional difficulties and things like pacifist-runs for which achievements are given as well.The normal difficulty is a bit easy for people experienced in 2D action games, so those harder difficulties are appreciated. But despite the lack of challenge in normal difficulty, the game is a joy to play thanks to the smooth controls and lovely pixel graphics. Some people have compared this to Dark Souls but the similarities are few. There are no RPG elements of any kind, nor a wide array of weapons to wield. There are health items that are replenished at save points, but that's pretty much it as far as similar gameplay elements go. Momodora is more like a Metroid game or a later Castlevania title."
76561198129255911,Recommended,428550,25156396,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MEADOWLARK/BAUBLE,"momodora is an amzing game. I played it on hard and it was the perfect balance between challenging and fun. The atmosphere the game brings is very captivating.Also the combat keeps your mind very active on whats going on, from trying to beat each boss without taking damage to making your way through enemies to get to the save point."
76561198308955342,Recommended,428550,24374789,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,tobitanzt,"beatiful game with cool mechanics and great atmosphere. i did not find it as hard as many people made me believe it is, but it was fun. if i had to point one thing out that bugged me a little, than i would say the ending, which was a little too simple for my taste. but thats not completely fair, seeing how such a great overall experience was made by someone with pressumably very limited ressources. highly recommended! and whoever did this should get a huge amount of money in their hands and go wild :)"
,Recommended,428550,24315305,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,LordZagry,"I don't get why some people compare this game to the souls/bloodborne series, as they have nothing (except maybe the healing system) in common. It's not because a game is ""hard"" that it looks like dark souls....Talking about the game : Momodora is a classic metroidvania, you operate on a labyrinthine castle and reveal the map gradually, gain new powers that allow you to discover new areas etc.It's a really good game, due to his atmosphere, his beautiful music and decor. The gameplay is fast and nervous (you really feel the impacts when you hit).If you like game like old castlevania, just buy and play it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,428550,25356079,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Luluma,Honestly this is hard on so many level at only normal. But once you tried hard.. and insane.. That♥♥♥♥♥♥aint easy. 10/10 could do a speed run
,Recommended,428550,21674522,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,biri biri,"Only about an hour in, but this game so far is incredible. Very atmospheric, great art, music is excellent as well. The platforming controls very well everything is responsive and fluid. The enemies are strong and put a fear in you that if you make one slip-up you will die. The game will punish you and most bosses you will have to try to fight more than once as you will get 1-shotted often. Overall a very great platformer. Highly reccomended."
76561197972828427,Recommended,428550,24084577,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rift,"Very enjoyable 2D metrovania. I was able to find almost everything without a guide which is nice.I feel you can show off your skill in this. A bit like Dark Souls really.Anyway, I recommend."
,Recommended,428550,24068176,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Soap,"Amazing visuals, tight gameplay, and a satisfying minimalistic plot.It is super polished. The controls are very responsive, the platforming is just right, and, while difficult, the game never feels unfair.Also, there's definitely a Souls influence here (which is great!): dodge move, refillable consumables, and unintrusive story.All in all, Momodora is a great, albeit short, game."
,Recommended,428550,24168888,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,YumeinaOkami,"Really good if you like metroidvania games with a bit of a challenge.Great sprite design.Good replay value.10/10Only downside is that there's a way to get infinite health with two passive items equipped, which ruins the challenge only by a bit."
76561198042104407,Recommended,428550,23742282,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jams,"This is the most fun I've had playing a video game in a long time. The controls are splendid (I used a controller), the combat system is fast paced and difficult enough that nothing's too easy and the story's not agressively force fed to you.Buy the game."
,Recommended,428550,21675168,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nanachi,"Incredibly gorgeous and atmospheric, and plays like a dream.  It takes many of the best elements from both the Souls series (in regards to storytelling and item consumption in particular) and the metroidvania genre, and blends it all together in a lovingly crafted gameworld that immediately left me wanting more.  One of the most enjoyable games I've played in a long time.  My only real complaint is that I wish it were longer!"
,Recommended,428550,22742601,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Felicity Flynxify van Sugarpink,"""Momodora: RUTM"" is a pixely sidescroller that combines mechanics from the Metroidvania-genre and Soulsborne-games (Dark Souls, Demon Souls, Bloodborne). The story is simple but the map and gameplay offer enough depth to make up for that. Exploration gets rewarded with upgrades of your basic abilities and new spells. Bosses range from trivial to challenging though more difficult game-modes are either available from the start or get subsequently unlocked.Just like in games like Dark Souls you unlock checkpoints to save your game, refill your healing items, health and cure status effects. Unlike the formerly mentioned similarities however, enemies do respawn when just re-visiting screens or locations and don't stay down until you find a safe haven. This is very much referring to classic sidescrollers, which this game is alluding to visually and mechanically.All in all I spent around 4-5 hours to get to the end but could have easily kept playing for another hour to find all of the hidden (and optional) collectibles. Encounters with NPCs, that seem to be able to be handled in different ways, make me eager to get into the ""New Game Plus"".This is definitely a hidden gem. I got this game on a sale but would recommend it on the full price as well, ""Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight"" is more than worth both your time and money."
76561197995599842,Recommended,428550,23150595,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pinny,"I bought this game on a whim, I had some spare money in my steam wallet and I saw it pop up and found the artstyle interesting.  Saw a video on youtube that described the game as a metroidvania meets dark souls style game so by that point I was already sold on the idea.  So I played the game.  And I died a lot.  And you know what?  None of those deaths felt cheap to me, which is more than I can say about Dark Souls (cough cough).  I beat the game in a little over 3 hours, although I didn't bother checking every nook and cranney for secrets.  In my opinion these guys did an amazing job mixing the metroidvania style exploration with dark souls style combat.Pros:Awesome art style.  The animations of the player character and enemies alike are amazing.The soundtrack is quite good, especially the boss themes.The controls are pretty responsive.  I played with a keyboard + mouse and the only issues I had were with dodge (Q), use item (E) and swap item (W).  It could have just been a person issue, but something to consider.Cons(subjective):The game is difficult.  If you don't like the idea of a dark souls-esque metroidvania, you may want to get a second opinion.The combat, despite being dark soulsy, is pretty simple.  You have a three hit melee combo, and you have a bow that you can charge up to 3 levels.  That's it.  There are no fancy combos you can do, so combat comes down to either staggering everything to death with melee, or cheese bosses with the bow.Branching off of combat, bosses drop items if you manage to kill them without getting hit.  The issue with that?  Bosses don't always stagger when you melee them, and in the middle of a melee combo it can be hard to see the boss' tells that they're gonna attack.  Also collision damage is a thing, except for when you're attacking and a little tiny bit after you finish your 3 hit combo.  This isn't a huge deal, as the items you get from perfecting most bosses can be found/bought instead.  Problem is I hear a few of these boss items can ONLY be gotten from perfecting those bosses, so if you miss out?  You're SoL."
76561198045067653,Recommended,428550,23009054,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Neferpitou,"Beautiful sprites / animations. Neat controls, not perfect but pretty good. Overall enjoyable for anyone who likes platformers."
,Recommended,428550,23187957,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rennikz,"Momodora is definitely a game to be experienced and savoured, as well as simply played; and I'm very glad I did.Visuals-In my opinion where Momodora stands out is it's story and atmosphere, and it gets them spot on. The whole game is visually rich, from outlying forest to the dark, foreboding city. The dark and earthy pallet combined with subtle uses of vivid colour set the mood for the game very well. The animations are also very smooth and all seem to flow nicely, which makes the timing needed for the gameplay a lot easier (more on that later).Sound and Music-This games soundtrack is stunning, simple as that. Without spoiling too much detail, you will get into a fight inside a monastery, and this is one of the few occasions where I have  paused the game to just listen. I think it may be both my favorite scene and battle in the entire game, and the music plays a major part in that.Story-Story wise the game is deliberately vague, leaving you to push through to your goal and piece together information as you go. What little information you are given at the beginning is that the city is under the effect of a curse, that is now spreading to your homeland, and you have been sent to meet with the lands queen and find some way to end it. You meet very few people in the cursed city on your way, and nearly all of them leave a lasting impression.Gameplay-Despite all this the game is not a walk in the park by any means. The gameplay is surprisingly challenging throughout, and some trial and error is definitely needed. You know that favourite fight I previously mentioned? One of the reasons I got the chance to listen to that music so much was because that fight was kicking my sweet♥♥♥♥♥all kinds of ways. So much so that several attempts at it where simply an exercise of learning the bosses movement and vulnerabilities.The games difficulty definitely encourages observation and timing, and blindly attacking will get you sent back to a save point quickly. However, as your reactions improve and you learn more about the enemies, these same challenges become noticeably easier, leaving a strong sense of achievement. Helpful trinkets and improvements scattered through the game also make difficult encounters more manageable, meaning leaving a fight for later and searching elsewhere is a valid (and sometimes advised) alternative.Overall, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is definitely a game I recommend. The game may be short (about 6 hours for my first playthrough), but it is definitely worth experiencing for the metroid-vania fan looking for a dark tale, a beautiful world, and a challenge."
76561197966000830,Recommended,428550,24236105,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bet0,"Really, really good game, too bad it´s TOO SMALL.The story isn´t anything original, but it´s good enough to keep you wanting to proceed.The soundtrack is AMAZING.The art overall is really good, very polished. Your movements are fluid and fight, even tho simple, is really fun and challenging at times.It makes funny mentions to other games.IMO it´s a 2d castlevania/metroidvania fans must have."
,Recommended,428550,23991818,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,bl🎄b,"one of the best games based on the revolutionary war, red coat scum."
76561198085342981,Recommended,428550,31963119,Posted: 25 May,all,Artificial Preservative,"Great pixelart, music, and gameplay"
76561198028271942,Recommended,428550,33110867,Posted: 1 July,all,BlackMM,"One of the best of the Momodora series. Mysterious story but not opaque enough to have to digging through loads of background info. Fun world to explore and craft platforming. Pixel graphics done right.Fantasic combat where attack combinations matter; no offensive or defensive choice will be looked over when you're playing this game. No gimmicks or cheats in the combat, no superflashy screen effects to distract or cover up the action. If you like 2D action games like castlevania or metroid, don't pass this game up."
76561198103857748,Recommended,428550,33230741,Posted: 4 July,all,Tacojimen,"A beautiful journey told in a perfect ""Show, don't tell"" formula. Fun combat system, exciting map exploration, excellent soundtrack, awesome bosses, and a great replay value. One of the best sidescroller i played so far!"
,Recommended,428550,26726954,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sól,"Ah great, where should I begin?Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight takes the spot as my favorite game of this year. I have been eying this game for a while and I'm glad I did, this game is worth every dollar.The atmosphere of this game is amazing, the controls are tight, the fighting is spot-on, and the spritework is definitely my most favorite part of this game. The replayablity of this game is astounding, the bosses are unique. I could go on and on.The game even has builds using passive and active items that every player can switch between, whether that be a sort of priest-like build, or even a damage dealing build. There's even a room contributed to grinding currency that will help you later on in the game.In all of my 25+ hours of playing this game, I never regretted one minute of my time being spent on this game.This is the first time I have reviewed a game and I'm glad I have made this my game, because it sure as hell deserves it.Thank you, Bombservice, for making this game. I look forward to play more games from you, this is definitely one of my favorites, and I recommend this to everyone reading this. Absolutely amazing."
76561198025033815,Recommended,428550,33363933,Posted: 7 July,all,Fullscreen Bossfight,"Fans of games such as Castlevania: Rondo of Blood , Symphony of the Night, Circle of the Moon or The From Software games series and who enjoy the difficulty of games from decades past will enjoy roaming through forests, Victorian gothic structures, and underwater caverns in order to rid the land of corruption and evil.With tight controls heavy emphasis on exploration and intense boss fights, This is a game that tends to take it's influences and creates a compelling game that once you get going, is very hard to put down. Once I completed the game I had found myself wanting to continue to 100% map completion and item collection, something that I don't often do in games, as of late.If you enjoy most or all of the games mentioned, then you'll love this game.  Momodora: RUTM is definitely the game for fans of 2D pixel platforming  as well as fans of easy to learn yet difficult to master type games."
76561198021154908,Recommended,428550,33328380,Posted: 6 July,all,Falleax,"Really short, but incredibly sweet. This is a fantastic Metroidvania style game with plenty of little secrets and satisfying difficulty. The art is really cute and most characters are cute girls, so that's cool."
,Recommended,428550,24390349,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Solaros,"Momodora: Reverie Under the MoonlightThis is a great metroidvania!One of the best game I ever played!Atmosphere is awesome, and pixel graphic is pretty good!And other games from Momodora series are awesome,All the characters are nice.I gues you better find it out by yourself.The plot is fantastic and masterpiece!9.5/10"
,Recommended,428550,23685056,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Chiamires,"If there was a button between Yes and No I would probably press it on this one, But I do recommend it. It's a beautiful and fun game to play. But I wouldn't say it's worth the full price, It's way too short with only 4-5 play-time and the NG+ doesn't really have anything new in it. You should wait for a sale on this one."
76561198026525604,Recommended,428550,21891194,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,BrownDango,It was ok. 10/10
,Recommended,428550,24103935,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tashigi,Praise the Momo!
,Recommended,428550,22080258,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Noble Cactus,"A charming little metroidvania that knows just when to be glum and just when to be cute. Pick it up if you like cute and glum things, or even if you somehow like neither of the two."
,Recommended,428550,26909785,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bubblejunk,"I don't really know what to say about this game as I am pretty bad at writing reviews, but the game movement and ""battles""/fights felt fair and had just the right amount of skill to complete without getting hit. Got it during sale and the value I got from it at least for me was really worth and made me really look for possible sequel for Momodora and if such sequel ever comes out, I will most likely get it as soon as I can."
,Recommended,428550,29017333,Posted: 4 January,all,foodie [plasma],cute girl goes to spooky land and beats up the bads
76561198046968972,Recommended,428550,28810570,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,≥Yeeman≤,It's good. I wish it was longer.
,Recommended,428550,29552880,Posted: 28 January,all,Key of Serenity,"The fourth game of the Momodora series expands upon the strengths of the previous entries and provides a challenging and solid experience. The addition of a roll gives the combat a patient, Dark Souls feel, and players are given a wide variety of items to swap out and equip depending on their playstyle. While the game can feel a little short for those who don't feel the need to explore everywhere and collect everything, the memorable characters, gorgeous pixel art, effective atmosphere, and a bit of worldbuilding set the game apart from the other indie titles available. I'm definitely looking forward to the developer's next project."
76561198024255333,Recommended,428550,28921623,Posted: 1 January,all,Le Boku,"After looking at ""Momodora""s Screenshots I had expected a cute Anime-Side-Scroller. So very surprised when I got stuck in it s first few areas. Only after I had finally beaten the first boss entered the city I noticed what appears to be the biggest inspiration for this title: the ""Souls Series"".It takes things like the bonfire- and estus-system, tragic and vague character stories you might expect from a game in the soulsborne-style and applies it to beautiful pixelart, a stellar soundtrack and a simple but satisfying combat system and   and turns into one of the most enjoyable Games I've played in a while."
,Recommended,428550,29679419,Posted: 3 February,all,Nasthesy,"One of the best pixel art and game atmosphere I've stepped to in a long time, good job on the OST.Controls are responsive, Hitbox on point, fights are fair.I first tried this game on Hard mode and quickly learned that the name matches the difficulty perfectly well, so went in normal expecting some damage scalling and, oh surprise, the mob placement changed O.OI will keep playing to it in a forseable future and from what I experienced so far, no disapointement awaiting ahead.♥"
,Recommended,428550,23112374,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Captain J,"Momodora is a great game, although albeit with some (incredibly minor) flaws.-The lack of weapons beyond the leaf and bow. For pretty much of your entire journey these two things will be your bread and butter and while that's not necessarily a bad thing, some different weapons would be nice.-The lack of weapon upgrades. The bow can be given an extra charge and a boosted charge/fire rate alongside a multitude of effects. The bow is fine, it's the leaf that's the problem. It only has one upgrade and that's for story purposes. As a result bashing monsters with the exact same leaf but in a different color might bore some players. Again, different weapons would be nice but does not really ruin the game.-Combos. What combos? Other than the standard 1-2-3-Finisher there's no button combinations, no fancy attacks, just bash bash bash finisher. Again, that's not bad but since one of the things touted about this game is about it's combos well y'kinda raise people's expectations.Okay enough of the nitpicking, let's talk about everything else.+Difficulty: On normal, the game provides an ample enough of challenge to not become boring while not hard enough for a player to simply give up. There are of course, different difficulties to amp it up or lower. Personally it's just fine as is although now with some experience with the game, perhaps I should try it on hard?+Music: Most of the game's music is atmospheric, though that's not to say it's bad oh no it's great! Each track fitting the tone of the current situation, it works so well with the game. However, it does mean some of the tracks can't stand out on it's own but still they're great to listen.+Combat: The dodge roll mechanic (And then later on, the airdash.) just makes the combat incredibly fluid. Dodging around nimbly, firing arrows or battering away at a foe, it makes the fights very engaging. Kaho has a double jump which not only makes platforming easier but also gives her better air control in fights. Gripping and tight, the combat is simply excellent.+Story; Dialoguewise, not much is said. However, the game tells it story through it's atmosphere rather than it's words. There are times where an explaination would be nice or dialogue would've helped but overall the direction the game took was better for it, allowing the player to come to their own conclusions.+Adventuring/Exploring?: One of the reasons why people love Metroid, Castlevania, and the rest of it's ilk, is for it's exploration. Finding items becoming stronger as result. Or revisiting areas to pick up items you couldn't get before due to lacking a certain item. Well it's all here folks and thanks to the teleportation mechanic, exploring does not feel like a chore. It is in fact, quite enjoyable watching your curiosity being rewarded whether it be through an item or boosting your health. The game actively encourages the player to explore by teasing possible hidden routes which I wholeheartedly support.+Platforming: Again, the airdash and double jump makes platforming quite forgiving. You die as a result of your own mistakes, not the game screwing you over whether it through cheap enemy placement or through a stiff character. (Unlike the Belmonts.)+Control: The controls be adjusted yes but that's not what I want to talk about. Kaho responds extremely well to the player's control, not once have I died to irresponsive button inputs. The control is one of the most no brainer yet also the biggest thing that could make or break a game and they hit it out of the park.FINAL VERDICT:10/10.The game is excellent and aside from some incredibly minor issues, the game is simply amazing. A must have for any fan of the Metroidvania genre."
76561198217764667,Recommended,428550,26562335,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jadon,Had a lot of fun playing this. no problems what so ever. Nothing really needed to be changed.
,Recommended,428550,28099825,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MegaZeroTime,"For this game in particular, this is basically Dark Souls/Bloodborne in 2D side scroller platform with great soundtrack and varies enemies.Even so difficulty on this game is similared to Dark Souls as punishment from error cost high vitual life bar as well as this game is quite short.Still for those who look for small challenge platform game, i would recommend this game."
,Recommended,428550,28414127,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Derpking,"A very well-executed platformer game. Combat is tight and satisfying, and there are lots of unique enemies and boss fights which test different skills. The world is beautiful, varied, and fun to explore. My first playthrough only took about 4 hours, but there is lots of room for replayability if you want to find all of the secrets, try a harder difficulty, or go for the achievements. The soundtrack is nice too and fits well.For $10, this game was a very pleasant surprise to me."
,Recommended,428550,26563865,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,L!ght,The cutest priestess with a meple leaf
,Recommended,428550,22933625,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gaige,"This game caught me by surprise. It has a satisfying difficulty curve that makes playing on the higher difficulties not only enjoyable, but preferable. The visuals are great, and the atmosphere is pleasantly eerie. The music fits well with that atmosphere, giving the game an ominous feel.This game is however, incredibly short. It'll take a few hours to clear with 100% completion on a casual playthrough, probably closer to an hour for a second or third playthrough. Yet that doesn't hurt the game at all. In fact, this encourages mutliple playthroughs on the higher difficulties and even deathless or pacifist runs.All in all, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a fun little package that delivers on everything it sets out to do, and I think that it deserves your attention because of this. It was my first entry in this series, and I find myself eagerly awaiting the next."
76561198141302340,Recommended,428550,22929822,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,buddygawudd,"Probably one of my favorite games in a long time. It's inspiration is as much Castlevania as the inspiration for Freedom Planet is Sonic the Hedgehog. It takes a lot of elements from Castlevania, but also does a lot of things better.Pros:Movement and Jumping is the smoothest in a platformer I've played in a long time.Combat has a nice visceral feel to it.The soundtrack is AWESOME! If you can buy it with the game, definetly do it.While there aren't too many, the powerups are pretty much all useful.Unlike most Castlevania games, there is no grinding. You can increase your strength, but no level system.Cons:Comparably short (beat it in approximately 4 hours)And really thats all. The game is short, but luckily Momodora 1-2 are free and you can get Momodora 3 for pretty cheap. I recommend supporting this developer, I'd like to see a Momodora 5 someday."
76561197972906554,Recommended,428550,26508534,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ded,"It's a bit like a cutsy, 2D version of Dark Souls, right down to the gloomy atmosphere.Fun game. Good, responsive controls. You can probably finish it in 4 or 5 hours - more if you intende to find every secret."
,Recommended,428550,28891515,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lucky,"Without a doubt THE BEST impulse buy i've ever had on Steam. I am grateful to GAF, of all places, for shilling this game. Simple, fun, not too tough, and somber just the way I like it. Boss fights are the real meat of the game, and i'm happy to say that these fights are so fair that I honestly think everybody should just start on hard right out the gate. So well designed and I could never hate the game. You, if you're interested in a somber yet intense game, should definitely buy this on sale if you can. It beats the competition in it's price range and even some above it's price.Only two consSPOILER WARNING~short story but tons of replay value-There is aTRUE ENDING(If you care enough about what I said, you'll know what the spoiler is)"
,Recommended,428550,26506551,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,efwfadfqd,"While the game is pretty short (100% completion of the map + good ending in 4 hrs 16 mins), the game itself is excellent, and with the price it's at it's definitely worth the money.The combat is fun and the soundtrack is really good too. I got a bit of a Souls/Bloodborne vibe from the tone (one boss especially).Definitely would recommend it."
76561198087175815,Recommended,428550,26497149,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,inthelitterbox,"Really cool game to play, graphics are amazing, and it gives me a challange to beat every level. Definetly worth it."
,Recommended,428550,26506687,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Tobuketsu,"This game is so good that I'm taking a break for posting reviews only for waifu games and NEEDING to support this title. For fans of the soulsborne and metroidvania series, this game is amazing. My only negative feedback is that I wanted more of the game by the time it was done.Controls are tight, pacing is well done. Difficulty is challenging yet fair (normal and hard perspective) . The atmosphere of the game so well conveyed through such minimal elements. I genuinely cared about certain events that happened despite having such limited interaction with them. It was a compressed experience of playing Dark Souls for the first time, which I would consider the greatest game ever made."
,Recommended,428550,29954549,Posted: 15 February,all,Pancakes,"Great visuals, great audio, terrific music, fairly challenging, short length but they made good use of what was there. I actually beat it in a little over 3 hours (at one point I got up and went out) despite what my time played says. Refreshing to play one of these that isn't needlessly padded out. Overall a great Metroidvania."
76561198234603916,Recommended,428550,29948118,Posted: 15 February,all,hernandezlenny517,Nice playing it on hard difficulty really brings out the best out of the game.
,Recommended,428550,22713438,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MoominPappa,"Fantastic game, a little short but that prevents it from feeling padded.  One of the best metroidvania games I've played in ages."
,Recommended,428550,21679587,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TrashFiend,One of my new favorite platformers!
76561198066385188,Recommended,428550,32877052,Posted: 27 June,all,Wyzzardz,"Amazing game. Very beautiful. Pretty tough, but not impossible. Atmospheric. Awesome boss fights, and many collectables and secrets."
,Recommended,428550,21701370,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kris,ever wanted darksouls with cavestory art stylelook no farther.
,Recommended,428550,32874990,Posted: 27 June,all,Crazie Locs,shoutout to halfcoordinated
,Recommended,428550,32805382,Posted: 26 June,all,Trombe,"This is very short game, you can beat it in 5 hours and that will include secret boss and true ending.But quality is through the roof, so I recommend it, absolutely beautiful and fun game."
,Recommended,428550,32830507,Posted: 26 June,all,demon727,"Dude, where's my sequel?Seriously though, this game was a great ride! Controls were great, the aesthetic is great and the boss fights were decently challenging (or I'm a pleb).All in all, buy it! Especially on sale."
76561198082219313,Recommended,428550,25184019,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mikeu118,A really fun and enjoyable game reminiscent of Castlevania. A real bargin at that price though a somewhat ephemeral experience.
76561198150006393,Recommended,428550,32394367,Posted: 13 June,all,Kuuti,Can turn into cat ---> who needs more?
,Recommended,428550,30915084,Posted: 2 April,all,EpicDingo13,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a non-linear action platformer. It is the fourth game in the Momodora series. It is a prequel, so it doesn't matter if you've played the others. If you enjoy this game, I recommend that you do play the other Momodora games. The first two games of the series are free, and Momodora III can be bought on steam for $2.Gameplay:Momo IV has a heavy combat focus to the game. The combat system is very different from the previous games in the series. The combat consists of your leaf, bow, roll, and items. Your leaf is basically a sword. It is a melee weapon which is sort of like the basic shovel swing attack in Shovel Knight. Attacking three time in succession performs a heavy attack which feels incredibly satisfying due to the great animation, sound, and screen shake which accompany it. The bow is your ranged attack. There is a basic shot, or you can charge up a triple arrow shot. Your roll move allows you to become invincible for a short time while you dash in a direction. This is great for moving to different sides of a boss. You also have passive and active items. These are found or bought with money dropped by enemies. You have a health bar, and can heal by using bellflower items. The combat is incredibly fun and controls very well (at least on gamepad). The bosses are also the best parts of the game. Due to the games atmosphere, way of storytelling, setting, and gameplay, the game kind of like Bloodborne. For that reason, I recommend playing the on hard-mode if you’re a fan of challenge. Momo IV is also non-linear and full of secrets like Super Metroid. I loved exploring, backtracking, and discovering new things. The gameplay is fantastic and the game’s best aspect.Story:The game follows Kaho, a priestess from a cursed town. She has travelled to the city Karst to get aid from the queen to help her people. The game starts you just outside of Karst City, but when you arrive, you realize that city has been corrupted by evil as well. The story is conveyed through a few NPCs you meet, and lore is provided through item descriptions. The story feels like it was intentionally left kind of vague. It doesn’t feel too absent from the game, but it is not exceptional in any way. There are also two endings to the game which will determine how satisfying the conclusion is. The game does a good job at having an eerie atmosphere to it. You might be a little concerned about the anime nature of the game if you’re opposed to anime (like me), but it isn’t too anime, so don’t worry!Other:Momo IV’s art and animation are beautiful. The game has some of my favorite video game pixel art. I was also a big fan of the soundtrack. I was pleased with the length of the game. It took me just under 8 hours to finish (I was playing on hard mode, explored the entire map, and found all the secrets). It will probably take you around 6/7 hours to complete.In Summary:Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a non-linear action platformer. The game is full of secrets and places to explore, the combat is great, the graphics are amazing, the story is okay, and the soundtrack is good. The game is also anime but not to a cancerous level. 10/10"
76561198283251568,Recommended,428550,26585819,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bearded Automaton,"I'm giving this a YES PLEASE! with a side of wanting more. This is a really great game with a ton of replay value. Even after beating the game for the first time I felt like there was a lot I could still accomplish and I can't wait to see what new game+ has to offer. Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a charming Metroidvania that is a satisfying experience in every possible way. The visuals are really well done and at some points breathtaking. Boss battles are challenging but not frustratingly difficult. The musical score? Gorgeous. Controls? Fluid. Map? Easy to understand and has a percent counter to tell you about how much you have yet to explore. Secrets are well hidden but not impossible to find for those with a keen eye. And the story, while minimal, prefers to show you what's happening through its world instead of lengthy text, though there are a number of characters you start to feel for as the game progresses. Everything just works. And while the game isn't too long, other difficulties and new game plus extend the length of the game. And this is the fourth game in the series! So if you're craving more Momodora the first two are free and the third is only a couple dollars. I highly recommend."
76561198013524650,Recommended,428550,28933005,Posted: 2 January,all,Chris,"Momodora: Reverie under the Moonlight is a Metroidvania with simple, satisfying gameplay and a great atmosphere.Set in a region corrupted by an unknown evil, the game is made up of several interconnected areas full of enemies, platforming and some great bosses. In general, you won't be finding new weapons and powers, but rather fairly straightforward upgrades or items that grant passive bonuses.The game starts out at a good difficulty level without excessive hand holding. Enemies in the game are a threat right from the start.The art style serves the atmosphere well. The setting is reminiscent of the Dark Souls games with a story that simply exists in the background rather than being spoonfed to the player.Overall it's a worthy addition to the collection of metroidvanias on steam and worth buying if you enjoy this genre.The only negatives in my opinion are the short length, which is offset by a fair price, and a somewhat unsatisfying final area and boss."
76561197977703324,Recommended,428550,29709959,Posted: 4 February,all,CanadianBlue,"The art is nice, the music helps build the mood and the gameplay is challenging without being frustrating, I played on normal.  There is a hard option for people who enjoypainthat sort of thing.Solid game, worth the price. About six hours of gameplay for a single runthrough to get the true ending with no information known in advance. Speed runners or people with more platforming skill then I could beat it faster then myself I am sure."
,Recommended,428550,23808029,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Inkarnate,"Simply one of the best platformers I've ever played. Gruelling, witty, and dark; this series proves itself with this title that deserves it's cult status and possibly should be regarded as much more. If you don't own this it is most certainly worth the asking price."
76561198070804711,Recommended,428550,32895267,Posted: 27 June,all,Mishli,"If you like metroidvania games, but don't have hours and hours to set aside, this game will do you well i think. Fairly good skill requirements, not too hard to beat most of the bosses, but tricky to do every one without taking damage. It's a modestly short game, but I feel like it was great value for the price. Highly recommend if you like 2d sidescrollersOverall, great game, few minor complaints here and there, namely with nothing being explained, but besides that, it was a lot of fun. It felt a lot like a dark souls game once i learned that you don't get boss rewards unless you take no damage, so that meant i was playing at 1 hp and trying to learn everything perfect. Few of the bosses are kind of annoying, but solid game, solid controls and that one other thing..FEAR THE COMBAT KITTEN!!!"
76561198145204612,Recommended,428550,31172885,Posted: 16 April,all,Zalen,"This game was quite fun in my opinion. It was fast paced and required some skill and mastery to proceed through the game. There was some decent but not too complicated puzzles.  I also liked how the game catered to two types of characters. Those who sort of just want to explore  and find everything: They won't have to sacrifice exploration because many power-ups are hidden in the outside areas, this makes the game a bit easier and more tantalizing to journey in. To those who want the hard-fought battle experience: They can just go through boss after boss without the game feeling like it's getting easier, they won't get increasingly powerful but the bosses will, therefore it adds to the sense of progression skill wise. The music and sound was great. On the con side: To me there felt like there was a progression lull in the middle of the story. Your character pretty much stays the same in terms of ability for a good portion of the middle.Overall I had a great time. I also reccomend that you try not to use the map for a good portion of you're journey. Most of the game can be accomplished without it, and it adds to the sense of exploration instead of feeling like you are checking boxes off the map."
76561198029391027,Recommended,428550,27527409,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Admit One,"Juicy, pixelated goodness wrapped in an action-platformer's paradise, topped with eleven succulently flavorful boss fights, and served with a side of beautifully crafted, flame broiled backgrounds, and a blended cocktail of ambience and an atmospheric soundtrack.Delivered on a plate of the finest Metroidvania exploration and with a challenging, yet fair, difficulty on the house.Now try and tell me that's a meal you wouldn't love to eat everyday."
,Recommended,428550,33272799,Posted: 5 July,all,malaisling,"A relatively high production value, pixelated anime platformer version of Dark Souls.Along with superb art, animation, atmospheric music and environmental design, the game has very tight controls and decent combat. Incorporating many of the generic aspects of Dark Souls to the letter, including weaving shortcuts, checkpoint reimbursed healing items, arbitrary interaction with arbitrary and obscure character plots and so on.However of course the game also falls to the same problems as Dark Souls. There are various moments where the game throws too much of a fight out at once, at which point it is better to just damage race the threat. The obscure world building is not properly told nor telegraphed to the player, possibly in homage to the inane post-written lore of Dark Souls. And of course, random dips in the fairness of certain obstacles, enemies, and in the often human bosses. The game also has various general poor design aspects where the platforming required overly tedious precision and significant enemies being hidden off screen by the camera not panning quickly enough. This also being yet another two dimensional game which allows enemy projectiles to phase through walls, and have enemies damage the player simply by touching them, which also heightens the artificial difficulty.While only being a couple hours long the game diverges paths constantly, which can become very time consuming, confusing and tedious to constantly keep track of all the different paths and then back track to the diverging point to then explore the next path. This also being an exceptionally annoying trope of some games. It made both more annoying and more eventful by all the enemies and traps respawning anytime the player changes screens.As annoying and exhausting as the game could get at times it is still well designed, interesting and satisfying to play as a whole. Well worth the price when being compared to other linear gameplay experiences."
76561198103068692,Recommended,428550,32748187,Posted: 24 June,all,skinnytits,"Very fun game, I am 1/3rd of a way through now. Mechanics are super smooth and the game is decently challenging, though not a lot of tries are needed to beat bosses (so far). I would recommend picking it up if you enjoy Metroidvania-type games and if you enjoy a smooth, stylistic playstyle."
76561197989960659,Recommended,428550,27050239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Author-Man,"Fast paced, fun little metroidvania. Tight controls, tough but fair, lots of stuff to find, lots of replayability.also giant woman w/ big tiddies"
,Recommended,428550,22899275,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bakaboi 『♡』,this bring back memories its a metroidvania type game where you go search and find stuff while you are fighting bosses/monsters its been a long time since i find a game like this it has great story hope we see another game of the series
,Recommended,428550,23010268,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,BlackStarAkil,"As everyone else has said this game is an amazing metrovania game.love the sprite work, gameplay and music. the replay value is good as well and adds some more challenge to the game the only problem with this game is that it is short it took me about 2 hour my first playthrough but i hear that you can complete it within an hour if your good but still and amazing game that I won’t stop playing anytime soon."
76561198033452946,Recommended,428550,23015424,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kudas,Really fun and short Metroidvania style game. Clocked about 4 hours with 100% map completion. It was just long enough to hold my interest and not drag on like some games of this type tend to do with heavy backtracking. I would definitely recommend this game to any people who are a fan of this subgenre.
,Recommended,428550,23002030,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,"Really good game. 97/100Momodora 2 is available free to download, and Momodora 3 is also available via steam, both are much shorter experiences than Reverie under the moonlight, but it was fun to see how the dev has taken the series with each iteration of the game.Reverie by itself, is a fantastic experience. This game is making me seriously consider going on a darkish-metroidvania binge for a while.Game is atmospheric yo."
76561198076193160,Recommended,428550,30020299,Posted: 18 February,all,『GARAGE』 IS UNBREAKABLE,Positive review
76561198121434816,Recommended,428550,26489556,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nero,"Ever since I played the Castlevania games on PS1, GBA and DS I've craved the platforming map discovery genre known as ""metroidvania,"" and this game very much satisfied the craving.The only downfall to this game is the fairly short story and lack of content. I would be delighted to see some DLC for this game such as new areas, bosses and playable characters."
,Recommended,428550,25107653,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,mayonnaise,"Fantastic art, interesting ambiguous story and difficult timing-based gameplay. Clearly heavily influenced by Dark Souls. Similarly to DS, I'd recommend only playing with a pad; the keyboard controls feel pretty clumsy to me."
76561198061715750,Recommended,428550,26593201,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hentai Desu-Chan,Played it on hard. Did not regret.
,Recommended,428550,25104723,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,a gigglepuss!,"A lovingly crafted game. You get the same magical feeling playing Momodora as with other legendary titles of similar genres, such as Cave Story and Undertale. Momodora nails the artwork, gameplay, and music, but so do many other games. What really sets it apart is a sense of wonder and mystery that is impossible to desribe, but that you can feel within the first minute of playing.I loved every second of this game and I highly, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,428550,26592103,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,hoorahcane,"Awesome game!  Sweet, short, bloodborne meets castlevania aesthetic that was a blast to play.  The music and backgrounds are fantastic.  The action is tight and the platforming is fun.  Nice secrets and item progression to help fight challenging bosses.  Fans of metroidvania games will not be dissapointed."
76561197973717848,Recommended,428550,26598152,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,george_cr,"Feels like Metroid Zero Mission but with a better atmosphere i think. It  also has an easy mode which i personally love because i play games to relax, not to get frustrated. Ad in a female protagonist and i'm sold!"
,Recommended,428550,23090862,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Zetro,"Some of my top favorite games land in the Metroidvania genre and the souls series, and  you'll see their influence on this title, but with it's own layer of badassery on top. The combat is satifying, the items and really unique, the environments and exploration are great, and theres no such thing as a trash mob here.I had never heard of nor seen this game prior to a few days ago on steam when I noticed it was on sale and had Overwhelmingly Positive but it'd just released this week, So I decided to check the trailer out... end up stopping less than half way into the trailer, because Ihadto own this.I just finally completed the game for my first time and on Hard (theres also an unlockable Very Hard) and it was a solid 10 hours with at least 80% of the map explored and I'm hoping a good amount of the items but sadly maybe only 50% of secrets (eg: Hidden walls, rooms, collectibles/sidequests)"
,Recommended,428550,29723367,Posted: 5 February,all,breadstick lord,"It may look like weeb garbage at first, but it's honestly really good9/10"
,Recommended,428550,35098006,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,Great little metroidvania. Fantastic pixel art and smooth combat/movement.It's real good!
76561198357502927,Recommended,428550,29884022,Posted: 12 February,all,thialind1,"To be real, this would be my first MetroidVania game to play since I was 7. I recommend this game to people that have never played this type of game before and would like to try something new. I am also very suprised at how very little people know of this game, its great and easy to find were your going (not at first but I play dark souls) and the soundtrack and bosses are even more unique, even if you can cheese them. I am very glad I stumbled across this game on my first time on steam, buying a few others as well. play this game, you won't regret it."
76561198066961785,Recommended,428550,32605161,Posted: 20 June,all,SoulMan,"This is a very beautiful game with excellent controls and a good story. It looks as cute as a Momodora game should, but tonewise is much darker than the previous installments with a bit of a Lovecraftian vibe. I definitely recomend this to anyone who loves a good 2D Metroidvania game."
76561198025468353,Recommended,428550,21818264,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,WigWam,"Right away I was unsure about this game due to it's long tounge twister of a name.  I had never heard of this series before and I'm always cautious of games that look they might be trying to be heavy on the Kawaii.  Luckily my fears ended up being completely unfounded.  The visuals in this game won me over almost instantly.  From the very first area, all the way to the last this game features stunning pixel art.  It's the little touches like interactive grass, reflections in the water as you run along the dock, and fog rolling over the canals that bring this world to life.  These details show a level of quality that sticks throughout the entire game.The combat was fun, a wonderful mix of challenging but responsive.  Winning boss fights felt like a challenge and were very rewarding to actually finish.  The exploration works well as the maps are well designed.  There's always a reason to explore more whether you're looking for new items, more health, or little collectables.  The only thing I wasn't impressed by was the story.  it was alright but I felt that maybe I was missing out on some details since I had never played the previous installments.  Maybe this is my own fault but for a game that seems to be aimed at introducing new people to the series there were some details that would have been nice to understand better.Full Video review for those interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJ4xGkbEQ8w"
,Recommended,428550,33326965,Posted: 6 July,all,LokiFM,"This game is really really good! Although for me personally the ending wasn't satisfactory, the gameplay does make more than up for it.Really awesome graphics and if you like metroidvania style gameplay it's here!The controls do take some getting used to, it's one of those games that requires you to sometimes fully let go of your previous button before the charcter decides to /actually/ turn around or dodge and believe me... this will happen in a bossfight and get you killed if you don't adjust your input style.It seems like a replayable game, but I hope you like RNG. Pretty much all bosses have random attack orders and this could end up in your ""favor"", allowing you to just spam your ranged attack to kill them... or it can end up just requiring you to run around for 80% of the fight since the enemy is offscreen throwing stuff at you."
,Recommended,428550,25122310,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,greatarcantos,"This game is amazing, it's like 2d souls"
76561198036233434,Recommended,428550,25047266,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,hushicho,"Beautiful visuals and perfectly elegant sound combine with tight, responsive controls and an intriguing dark premise in Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight.At first, I was daunted by the difficulty, even at the easiest difficulty. However, I soon remembered my old adventuring skills from games I grew up playing. Despite the welcoming art style, the game is not easy in any sense of the term, but it is fair, and that's something a lot of games now don't have. You'll notice, when you play Momodora, that a mindfulness to level design is present here. It's subtle -- which is part of why it's so excellent -- but the developer clearly put a *huge* amount of care into making sure everything was fair.Speaking of which, the developer is also quick to respond to any question or request for help from the community, and clearly cares about players' enjoyment of the game. That really rated highly with me, especially when the game itself is already so well-made.The story is a little minimalistic, and that might be discouraging for some. It's also not a particularly happy story, but it is satisfying in many ways. The dark elements and horror really make the aesthetic work perfectly and, for me, that was part of the strong appeal of the setting's immersion.Some of the enemies might seem a little cheap sometimes, but really it's more that they're just challenging and later environments can be very tricky. Every enemy has a strategy, just like every boss has a pattern; an exciting added challenge is that if you beat a boss without taking damage, they will drop a special, usually very powerful, item. It adds genuine replay value, which is much appreciated.Overall, Momodora satisfies and keeps its appeal strong even after completing it. There's great incentive for returning to it, and the developer is so active in the community that there's no possibility you will ever feel abandoned, or that the game isn't a priority to its developer. I'm highly impressed by both game and developer and, as long as you're up for a challenge, I unreservedly recommend Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight."
76561197998766792,Recommended,428550,23748334,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BLaaron,I own hundreds of steam games and haven't reviewed a single one until now. This game is that good.
76561198069600303,Recommended,428550,21780761,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,pichupunch,"The art style was very charming and the graphics look so pretty! I'm currently playing it over again just because of the art and music. The bossfights are very difficult for me, but they were so fun to experience. The smooth transitions in the fight make it feel natural. Also if you like cats, i reccomend this game."
76561198059556140,Recommended,428550,29542978,Posted: 28 January,all,Val,Giant witch boobs.
,Recommended,428550,26550913,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ヤシキ,갓 - 하드게임
76561198121637804,Recommended,428550,22979992,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,wallstaples,"You're agirlnow, you're acatnow, you're a girl, you're a cat, you're a girl, you're a cat..."
76561198107669471,Recommended,428550,27068560,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FernandoIT@,"I bought this game because my favorite emoticons :momocat: and: momozzz: belong to this nice and cute game, I really love cats :) seemed right not? Now I do the review to complete the autumn sales badges :D...i think this is my best review.p.s. : pls devs add a couple cats emoticons ;)"
76561198250240500,Recommended,428550,21744256,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kanaan,"Oh... what a game. This is somewhere at the top of the list for me. Not sure where because I've played too many games but... yeah still there. This actually tops many classic platformers.I beat the game on hard mode so, if you're wondering what difficulty to choose: it's pretty brutal. You can get one-shotted in a couple of spots in the game (by definitely not one-shottable enemies). Be ready if you're going to take on the challenge, like I did.This game is amazing. Excellent atmosphere. Excellent gameplay. Classic.Not like Dark Souls (someone else said that).Get it."
,Recommended,428550,25906754,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fourl,"Very pretty and well designed game. If you like it casually, you won't really mind the length as you should hopefully appreciate all the work that went into the polish and the art of the  6~ hour first run through. However if you really it, and enjoy NG+ modes and nohit challenge runs, you'll find even more to love."
,Recommended,428550,25518767,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,osBear,it is good game
,Recommended,428550,24149571,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Darck~,Some gal in a white dress pulled a blood-red sword on me and danced all over my♥♥♥♥♥to some sexy piano music.  Then she did it again and again.  After I won I put that soundtrack on loop for several hours and suddenly the game got easier.  10/10.
,Recommended,428550,21874197,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,🌸,I love this game.
,Recommended,428550,21666251,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,BarneyEX,Game is gud.
,Recommended,428550,21629924,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,axfelix,"Really nice little doujinvaniasouls that I hadn't heard of until today. Great animation and aesthetics, solid-feeling controls (if a little too obviously Souls-inspired in terms of the weightiness and the delays). So far I'm afraid it might be a little too straightforward, but otherwise this is pretty much perfect."
76561197977554298,Recommended,428550,28176745,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nintendos Herbs,it fun
,Recommended,428550,22918602,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Nhan,"Underrated game, has that classic castlevania or dark souls feel to it.Honestly, you don't even need to read the reviews, just looking at the trailer, you can tell its going to be challenging and fun."
76561198217129693,Recommended,428550,32114782,Posted: 1 June,all,djangostar10,"Combat and controls are nice and smooth, Amazing soundtrack, and seamless exporation. As a metroidvania, it's perfect. Also, for those looking for a challenge, there are special rewards for beating the bosses without getting hit. One warning, this game is NOT easy. every enemy hits like a truck. It's completely fair though. you just need some skill to beat this one. I highly recommend it if you're looking for a fun and rewarding challenge."
,Recommended,428550,26499139,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Suntanned Cirnouli K.,"This game was well worth the money I spent on it, which is 7 dollars as of a recent sale.The gameplay itself is remarkably smooth, though one has to get used to the control scheme a bit. No big issue there; once you master it, it becomes as easy as breathing.The graphics are amazing despite being so scaled down, with every character feeling alive and unique instead of being stiff entities.The music, while not exactly memorable on my end, is perfect for the game. Calm, atmospheric, but intense when it needs to be and doesn't overtake the sound effects. Even when I had to re-fight several bosses, I still loved the music.All in all, it is a greatly enjoyable experience for those that like something a bit more difficult than your average video game.If I had to give it a number score, I'd give it a 9.1/10. Challenging, beautiful, and fun. What more could you ask for?"
76561198069212899,Recommended,428550,31037435,Posted: 9 April,all,Vcm D. Baws,"Cleary visible that this game draws a lot of inspirations from dark souls, so any dark souls player will probably like this game as well.Gameplay is really polished, controls are well done and feels great.The only annoying thing is that you need to to reach a save point after defeating a boss, or opening a shortcut or picking up an item, otherwise you lose it on death and need to start over.."
,Recommended,428550,23286316,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Rukey Greentail,"An one-of-a-kind 2D castlevania style platformer with amazing artwork, an eye catching story, tactical yet simple combat, and addicting overall gameplay. Buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,428550,23777889,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Starman Deluxe,Was expecting a megaman style game.Got pixelated Dark Souls instead.10/10 Would Recommend
76561198040413771,Recommended,428550,32007393,Posted: 27 May,all,|D.H.E| Leahcim,"Despite it's short playthough (played it on easy due to backlog, although it should still be short on more harder difficulties), it's extremely polished with it's gameplay, level and art design. The OST is in all levels excellent and if catchy too. Also, the most interesting aspect of this game is it's deception of cutesy art with subtle but effective tones of dark and morbid presentation with characters, although not showing much of the story around, show their desperation and actions amidst the events of the curse that has taken their city. The battles are hard and won't let you fight them by simply mashing the button, but rely more on the wits and patience of the player to strike hits and to evade attacks. The bosses are very well made and diverse too.In sum, an excellent game for your collection regardless if you know the rest of the series and even more so if you're a fan of the Metroidvania genre. I'd love to see more of the series and even more, get to meet the authors of this wonderful game which is a worthy note in the history of Brazilian Game Development."
,Recommended,428550,32493570,Posted: 16 June,all,DoctorHandshake,"Momodora is a treat to playHaving played other Metroidvania games in the past, I can certainly say this game fits as one of my favorites in the genre. It offers beautiful visuals complimented with engaging and action packed combat. The difficulty will keep you on edge and possibly frusterated at times but it's depth and player growth will make it all the more rewarding. The world is beautiful and riddled with secrets at each turn and the atmosphere is suprisingly dark considering the cute anime art style. Even though it is a bit short the pricing is well worth $10. If you think you'll like this gem, definetly give it a try."
,Recommended,428550,28108776,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Thedog487,"Its like dark souls, but 2-D, and with a leaf."
,Recommended,428550,23976394,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Munru,"TL;DR 4/5. Short but great game. Really well done pixel graphics. Fun gameplay mechanics. A great mix of the metroidvania and Souls-like genre.The fourth of the Momodora series, RUtM comes back with a revamped art style and gameplay, creating a great game that is satisfying to play and really put yourself into, where you find yourself saying things like ""I should have just dodged there."", ""Why did I go for that attack?"" or other things that'd be considered vulgar language.The music and art style is stunning and helps with the immersion in the game. Even if you are dashing through the zones, your character, the enemies and NPCs, all feel like they belong in that atmospheric background behind them.Seasoned metroidvania or avid Soulborn games fan, one can find something they'll like in Momodora: RUtM. And the only downside for such a good game is that you can't get enough of it. It is short (about 4-5 hours to finish), but its lengthy enough to feel dynamic when you play through it, making you wonder what abilities you will unlock, or what new items you will find whenever you step into a new area. So I recommend to give Momodora: RUtM a try atleast it is definitely a gem that seems to be overlooked and should be one game that everyone should atleast try and check out."
76561198045971991,Recommended,428550,24048253,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Selsenay,"Literally the only thing bad to say about this game is that I wished it was longer. This game is hands-down one of the best Metroidvania games I've played in recent years. The feel of the game, the story delivered subtly through the environment and a few lines of dialogue, it's all so wonderfully beautifully crafted. The controls are sharp; I never once felt like something was hard because the controls sucked (something you can't say about a lot of games). Normal mode was plenty difficult for me, but there's an easy mode for those that find the game too hard, and a hard mode for those that want a more punishing Dark Souls feel."
,Recommended,428550,29558639,Posted: 28 January,all,Mayu,one of the best platformer everbuy it ALREADY!
,Recommended,428550,29410568,Posted: 21 January,all,MattaN,weeb dark souls 8/8 would play again
,Recommended,428550,21734885,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Killeemegee,Worth the munny.
,Recommended,428550,29549218,Posted: 28 January,all,sodapopSquid,Smack them tiddies
76561198088225727,Recommended,428550,29877264,Posted: 12 February,all,WoolyMario,Awesome game with a great soundtrack.
76561198027328618,Recommended,428550,25561635,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Fugly,Great game. Just remember to enable V-Sync by using the .inf. Can't do it in-game.
,Recommended,428550,24986248,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Yakubi,"Momodora is a well realized Metroidvania-lite.  Progression is not tied to unlocking new movement abilities, but in progressing through areas and defeating the bosses that dwell in them.  There is a light inventory and ability management system that serves to enhance the tight and enjoyable combat.  I recommend a controller, as this game requires precise control in combat and platforming.  For those of you who like a challenge, the bosses reward perfect gameplay with diffuclt to obtain items and enhancements.Graphically the game is beautiful.  The spritework is some of the best I've seen, and the environments are varied and interesting.Length wise the game could be completed in one or two solid nights of game play.I recommend anyone who enjoys the Metroidvania genre to give this game a try."
,Recommended,428550,30039766,Posted: 19 February,all,Reoll,"Beautiful visuals, atmospheric music, smooth gameplay, and great replay value.I highly recommend this game."
76561197966690205,Recommended,428550,21935178,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Enthusiasm Holstered,"This is game is amazing, especially for the price.Tragic story, tight controls and lots of secrets. As if Dark Souls were made in 2D.I played through on Hard difficulty and it takes just under 10 hours if you take your time exploring."
,Recommended,428550,23915613,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JCtheDUDE,This is a really great classic metroidvania style game. I don't really have much unique to say about it but it was really good so I'm recommending it.
,Recommended,428550,24978346,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Squire Zed,I don't know where to begin.Beautiful art.Great gameplay.Fun bosses.An impressive little gem.
,Recommended,428550,32101403,Posted: 31 May,all,slimegirls,"25% cute anime girls, 75% monsters. really fun so far."
,Recommended,428550,34222428,Posted: 13 August,all,CoolSchmool,Masterpiece
,Recommended,428550,30460027,Posted: 11 March,all,Noctus,"Awesome game! It's been a while since i played a metroidvania game, so i'm having a lot of fun!The difficult in some part is annoying tho..."
,Recommended,428550,27768374,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Arana91,This game deserves the The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award
,Recommended,428550,30101453,Posted: 22 February,all,Vernex,"Maybe the playtime is a little bit on the short side, THERE I SAID IT.But that doesn't have anything to do with production quality or gameplay.Yes, if the game would be a little bit longer and abit more invinciblity time also the game would've been flawless.Anyway, i recommed. This is sum good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mah doodles."
,Recommended,428550,22857919,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Plastron,It's a good mix of a Metroidvania with some Dark Souls mechanics.
76561198091623315,Recommended,428550,23261046,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,cordawyn,"Classic Metroidvania-style game, a treat for fans of ""Bunny Must Die"" and similar games. The design and controls are very similar to the good old ""Switchblade"". Certain characters seem to be inspired by Tsukuyomi anime and the like. Lovely mesmerising background music. A bit too pixelated for my taste, but still sweet graphics. Overall, not *very* challenging, quite relaxing game."
,Recommended,428550,25004671,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kyajin,"Great little game made with a lot of heart. Solid attention to detail in level design and atmosphere. Surprisingly good amount of memorable characters and bosses, and a varied and excellent soundtrack to back it up. Not much else to say, it's a game that stands solidly within its own identity while taking inspiration from genre greats like Metroid and Dark Souls, and it doesn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,428550,30547779,Posted: 16 March,all,Djolk,"If you like platforms, dark souls, and cats this game fills all your needs"
,Recommended,428550,23949012,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,notvianbutstill,"great game with beautiful pixel art, nice music and, god, you can turn into a cute cat, what else do you want. cute pixel dark souls yeah."
,Recommended,428550,23941179,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lunatic,"I really enjoyed this game! The combat was addictive and I beat it in roughly 6-7 hours of playing it straight. Things got extra fun when I got to explore multiple paths.Pros: Tight controls | Addicting combat | Loads to discover | Well balanced difficultySadly there's some major game design flaws that'd be so easy to patch up. They almost kept me from playing the game. What the hell were they thinking making the entire screen flash red when you take damage? My eyes were killing me dear god! It's more noticable during the first area considering 80% OF THE COLORS ARE COMPRISEd OF GREEN.Alongside maximum eyestrain, the first area contains an enemy used to teach you how to roll. You have to roll past em to attack their backs, BUT THEY TURN TO FACE YOU |IMMEDIATELY| unless they're about to attack (NO WARNING, NO WIND UP), or just finished attacking! This gave the first stage an ungodly level of difficulty simply due to bad game design. (I'd start listing off more stuffThe characters lack full believability considering they use the same dialect and all have the same opinion. The delivery of the story is stale and it gives you questions it never answers.Cons: Eyestrain | Simple game design flaws | Stale characters/StoryConclusion: Overall the cons are ignorable; it's the gameplay that really matters. The game is fun and addictive :D and I might even re-beat it on newgame+ or hardmode! There's plenty of replayability with the achievements and extra items to obtain."
,Recommended,428550,23956001,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Eibon,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a charming mix of Iga-vania games with a splash of Dark Souls.Movement and combat are relatively fast paced and straightforward, which I appreciated. Variety comes in the form of active use items and passive items, which let you change the properties of your attacks, increased the amount of money you find, or trade health for a temporary damage boost.The game is fairly brief compared to its influences, but that, too, was a welcome decision for me; as I have less time to play games these days, Momodora: RUtM was a game I could find the time to complete."
,Recommended,428550,33211877,Posted: 3 July,all,Mazzew Sucks,A hidden gem among the steam store with wonderfull graphics and a soundtrack that sets a dark mood
,Recommended,428550,24194595,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kuroi_Mato_O,"rdein, stop killing everyone pls"
,Recommended,428550,23805171,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Unknown Zombie,"Cool art style and you get to slap a giant reindeer witch's♥♥♥♥♥♥In all seriousness, it's fun and has a cool aesthetic."
,Recommended,428550,23457461,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Owen,You can turn into a catand if you crouch you go into a playful pounce position11/10 game of the year edition wowmountain dew
,Recommended,428550,24333178,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,キリマンジャロ,ALL GOOD.I want OST lossless version download.
76561198037899286,Recommended,428550,21752827,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Blaaanky,"Great little gem. Fun combat system, real easy to master. Looks gorgeous.Saying all this, I think the game coulda been sooooo much more."
,Recommended,428550,30689052,Posted: 23 March,all,WIN EASIEL,"Isn't long, but well implemented 2D platformer with a few metroidvanIa elements.It's like ""Castle in the Darkness"" with ""Dark Souls II"" style.What's making this game great:+ Platforming & fighting mechanics+ Abilities & level design that exploits them well+ Exploring & backtracking with non-linearity like in Dark Souls II+ Art style, animation & rich backgrounds+ Characters (including bosses) are remarkable and progress along with the plot+ Items, secrets, collectablesIf any of forementioned points are important for you, I'd totally recommend this game.What isn't making this game better:- No 16:9- (IMHO) UI isn't aestetically good- Mob diversity per location isn't too rich- Too easy (even for casual player) bosses due to- 1) A bow (there just a few that are immune to it, IMHO everyone either should be immune or at least should have a high arrow resistance)- 2) Bosses have low damage (you can just tank even all the last boss phases on ""normal"")- Too scarce dialogues & main heroine silence that isn't justified in them- Too small NPC interaction in common- The plot is almost linear"
76561198103824735,Recommended,428550,30360876,Posted: 6 March,all,ThePunisher1028,Greatly enjoyed and replayed many times. Trying my best to 100% but boss fights are a challange!
,Recommended,428550,26566917,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ImmortalRush,Great gameplay. Interesting story. Immersion to the max. Bosses better than Dark Souls(mostly). Soundtrack is God-tier. And the pixel art is pretty good.10/10 would hit people with a leaf again
76561198086439163,Recommended,428550,29723040,Posted: 5 February,all,ununbium,tl;dr: Foreign mute shapeshifting girl kills more than 9 people and overthrows tyrannical monarchy with maple leaf before dying dramatically. 10/10
76561198000318945,Recommended,428550,21740451,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Trrcn,"Pretty good run and hit at things type game along the same lines as that game and the other one.  Momodora games are a work in progress and this is their greatest leap ahead, yet still has some things to hammer out like enemy placement and damage allocation if they want to be compared to how that Konami franchisewas.   If they want this franchise to only be difficult platformers they finally nailed the control scheme down which was the only issue of the previous games.It's around 6 hours if you play normally and get 100% completion so the $10 pricetag is fine.  Suprisingly enough it's the only indie title that isn't ripping design cues right from another japanese game or busy being some tumblr pet project with SJWs or hipsters at the helm.tl;drGameplay - 9/10Visuals - 10/10Sound - 6/10 (ambient dunegon BGMs and snorefest boss themes)Story - 8/10Overal - 8/10GOTY 2016"
,Recommended,428550,25026231,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,beardswin,Incredible pixel art and animation. Great level and game design. Fantastic music and atmosphere. Probably one of the best metroidvania like games I've played in the last couple of years.
76561198040766410,Recommended,428550,30459132,Posted: 11 March,all,michaelshigame,"8.5/10For big fans of Metroid 9/10For people who don't like Metroid or difficulty, don't play this game.This is a Metroid style game with Dark Soul's difficulty, atmosphere, and boss focus. Each boss is unique and interesting. It's a wonder how many they manange to fit into a 6 hour adventure ($10 at the time of this review). If I could pay $60 for a 36 hour Momodora, that would be heavenly.The game carries its themes gracefully, not afraid to be heavy nor light hearted. There's a boss fight where you have to hit a giantess' boobs, and the game is full of cat motifs. Who doesn't like boobs and cats?For fans of this genre, I recommend this game. If you're on the fence about the Metroid genre, play Super Metroid and Metroid Prime. Then, when you have depressingly realized that Nintendo has created then abandoned one of the best genre of gaming ever, Momodora will be here with open bosom, waiting for you."
,Recommended,428550,29309745,Posted: 16 January,all,Slippy Toad,You can transform into a cat.
76561198056798052,Recommended,428550,30780867,Posted: 27 March,all,QuiteSeriousNejo,"Pros:- Art style is beautiful.- Animation is very fluid.- Controls are very well done.- Simple to follow for newcomers to the genre.Cons:- Too simple for veterans of Metroidvanias.- Bosses offer no challenge.- Story is just not interesting.If you want to know more, check out my review on my channel.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_g4TLCMwxY"
,Recommended,428550,30382606,Posted: 7 March,all,Lani,"A very short and sweet Metroidvania game. Well put-together, with charming visuals and a lovely soundtrack. Definitely worth playing, if a bit short."
,Recommended,428550,32056554,Posted: 29 May,all,Hector Plz,"Great pixel art, soundtrack and difficulty. Highly recommended"
76561198220197852,Recommended,428550,32122066,Posted: 1 June,all,sunnidae23,One of the most fun metroidvania games I've played. The combat is fluid and the level design and monster design is good. The only problem I had in the game was the tedious quest to unlock the true ending.
,Recommended,428550,33157884,Posted: 2 July,all,Legacy,Good game but the death scream is really weird and jarring.
,Recommended,428550,25242221,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,teelios,The Royal Pinacotheca is all you need. That song is krey
76561198128163488,Recommended,428550,30720887,Posted: 25 March,all,Rook,"NEUTRAL REVIEW FLAGThis is basically casual metroidvania for those who mainly just want something pretty to look at and nothing more. Which I will admit that the pixel artistry in this game is definitely it's main strength and is very good.But to be honest I was expecting a much more impressive story than I got. Very disappointed. there basically ISN'T a story at all. it's just some random irrelevant people referring vaguely to a curse/plague and telling me to get out of the region repeatedly. STOP NOO DON'T DO ANYTHING, JUST RUN AWAY yada yada yada. We all know I'm going to do something. why have the NPCs urge me to just run away and not say anything meaningful? The entire story is vapid as hell.Gameplay is very simple, there is a severe lack of items and customization, and general exploration considering the genre it's trying to fit into, money is way too easy to just grind up so purchases really have no meaning, and a maple leaf? really? I'm going to kill evil by slapping it with an oversized maple leaf? ugh. at least have it have some sort of reasoning behind it. But of course, NOTHING in this game is actually explained, because as I said, it has no story.TL;DR UNTREATED ADHD GTFO YOUR PHONE: Very pretty. Basically no story. Gameplay too basic and uninspired for my tastes. Pass if you're actually looking for a story or good gameplay. the gameplay in this is just ""OK"". It's mainly just an art showcase platformer. nothing really wrong with that, but this is not metroidvania.I'll give it a positive simply because it's objectively good for what it is and it has no glaring flaws, assuming you don't judge it as a metroidvania or as anything other than a casual platformer, and the coding is solid, no glitches to really be found as far as I can see. It's simply not for me and I requested a refund."
,Recommended,428550,23511281,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,vani,Its the Dark Souls of videogames 5/5 was charmed and sucked in from start to the end.Im serious
76561198086918362,Recommended,428550,21644562,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Skredde,It has a cute cat in it.10/10
,Recommended,428550,21632651,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Miko,"This series has come a long way. That being said, you don't need to play any of the previous ones to enjoy or understand this one. If you're coming into this series start here, play III if you like it - then play I&II (which are both free and hopefully get put on steam so its easier to play them)."
,Recommended,428550,21644490,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Quizzle,"As a first time player of the series, I really enjoyed this game. It made me rage a little bit, but damn it was fun as hell.Favorite things about it: Challenging, and great atmosphere for the game. Boss encounters were the best for me.Things I didn't like: The amount of backtracking and guessing what to do next. The game is a little tedious to complete fully if you don't want to spend an hour or two trying to get 100% map completion. You can expect that in a metroidvania style game, but I personally prefer slight hints at what area to go to next.That's about it! Check out some of my playthrough with commentary it has the first few BOSSES and my initial reactions to the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4GyzLQlL_I"
,Recommended,428550,21641722,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Charred,"In short great game with some minor faults.   Well worth the asking price.Music - Really good.   Always matches the tone and environment you are in.Visuals - Really gorgeous game, especially in motion.   Love this  art style.Gameplay - Combat system is extremely responsive once you get used to it which doesn't take long.   Only complaint is that bosses are really easy with some trash mobs being much harder.Overall it took me 4 hours to beat the game and IMO was worth the asking price."
76561198019037873,Recommended,428550,21637824,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Blue5,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,428550,26939154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Implojin,"This game is the absolutely charming result of what happens when Metroidvanias meet Dark Souls.Play it immediately if you haven't.11/10, would buy Momodora 5 at full price, all praise to rdein for developing such a good game."
,Recommended,428550,21651175,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Malice,This game is hard and a unfair. I enjoy it a lot.
,Recommended,428550,23991169,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"Think if castlevannia and dark souls had a babygreat game, little on the short side but challenging boss fights."
76561197976151097,Recommended,428550,22891202,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Commando,Great little game. Well worth your time (about 8h) and money.
,Recommended,428550,23017010,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Dildozer,"The game's art style is beautiful, the difficulty ranges from ""Casual"" to ""Dark Souls+"" and the world and its lore is almost as mysterious as Dark Souls' or any other older game.The game gave me the same vibe I had when I first played Super Metroid (in '94) and the only two things it falls short of in comparison is playthrough time and inventory upgrades. With roughly 4 (long and fun) hours of gameplay for a single playthrough (not considering NG+, any other difficulty, and completionism) it averages around half of Super Metroid (not bad, but it could be a bit longer for my taste) and I think we can all agree that Metroid is a monster when it comes to inventory upgrades.The game's pacing is spot-on most of the time, it doesn't hold your hand and the lore is something you will have to find out yourself, if you want to (although it obscures even more than Dark Souls did).All in all, if you enjoyed Super Metroid or Dark Souls this game is a must-buy for your enjoyment.P.S.: I didn't even find any bugs!"
,Recommended,428550,33943017,Posted: 31 July,all,RUNE,"This game gets an overwhelming 10/10, but instead of explaining why just yet, let me start by giving you the similarities between this game and the FIRST Dark Souls game (since II & III were junk), which Momodora RUTM heavily reminded me of, in good ways.-Both games feature no dialogue from the main character, yet have a rich and fluent story told by the splendid world design and small gists of dialogue from the occasional characters you meet.-Both games have a dodge roll mechanic in which you have invincibility (iFrames) for a portion of the dodge roll-Both games have resting points to replenish your hp and healing item, both games have upgrades to the amount of healing items you can carry by finding more, and both games allow you to warp from ANY rest point to a handful of ""hub"" locations listed by name, and both only allow warping after completing the mid-point portion of the game.-Both games feature excellent, ingenious, and fluid world design, with once place always leading to another in an enormous and connected map, with shortcuts that matter and feel like a blessing, but Momodora RUtM does not break at all in its map design like the gargoyle warp point at the top of Sen's Fortress or entering the DLC areas in Dark Souls.-Both games focus on strategic enemy placement that allows you to choose how you strategize tackling multiple enemies at once using the environment and resources available, with an even bigger focus on incredible boss design-Both games: ""Door does not open from this side."" :c-Both games are relatively short for a skilled player and can be speedrunned, but the first journey through will always be the most dear, and you will be in both wonder and awe.Now here's my two cents on this game:I feel like I'm cheating by having this game in my library for under $10, since it's more than fairly priced and goes on sale (which is when I got it), and I wish I could donate money to the developers with a thank-you letter in a way that few developers (Hideo Kojima, Tetsuya Nomura, Yoko Taro, etc.) has ever inspired me to do so. This isn't so much as a game as it is a deceptively cute exterior hiding a challenging journey through a masterpiece of art  and difficulty that will stick with you for years and years. Getting 100% for the achievements is both easy and difficult, as you must be up to the challenge of clearing the game on Insane mode, where you essentially die in one hit from everything, and on that playthrough you will come to learn (through much frustration) just how well put-together this game is in both map design and enemy placement. But I'm almost there. And I won't stop until I have that 100%. It's just that worth it to me.Definitely buy this game if you're a fan of atmospheric games that don't ever pause the action. There's rarely any text (for those worried this might be a visual-novel sort of deal, which I'm personally fine with) and the music and design only complement an astounding visual masterpiece featuring fluent, solid gameplay with tiny portions of puzzle and large elements of frustratingly difficult but rewarding exploration and combat, at a pace that will leave you satisfied, even if you're a picky gamer. $10 is a steal on this one, I promise."
76561198179953257,Recommended,428550,32787664,Posted: 25 June,all,SoloPickles,everyone says it's a sidescolling darksouls (never played but i understand it) also some metroidvania sparkled in with the map and everything with items that can help you out upgradable♥♥♥♥♥♥and allah i don't wanna wright anymore i'm bored and i failed english end my life
,Recommended,428550,28547654,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lyneroth,"I've just started this game, 2 bosses in now and I am LOVING it. It has a very soulsbourne feel to it, from the style to the difficulty. Absolutely beautiful game I couldn't recomend it more!"
76561198077184124,Recommended,428550,28577230,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Metazealot,"Really fun game. Only downside is the duration - I beat it in approximately 5 hours. Despite brevity, the game was very immersive and controls well. The enemies and enviroments are varied and keep you on your feet. All around enjoyable experience. I'd love to see more games or content for this series."
,Recommended,428550,27754869,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MotherBoredom,You can transform into a cat. 10/10.
,Recommended,428550,27164152,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Curly,A great mix of metroidvania exploration and Dark Souls combat.  Highly recommended
,Recommended,428550,24357180,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Terrorsquid,"Momodora: RUtM is one of those games you get to play and soon falls in love with its art, music, gameplay and gloomy atmosphere."
76561198045657698,Recommended,428550,28579313,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Quetzalcoatl,"I would recommend this game to anyone that is likes the combat in Dark Souls and don't mind dying too much. This game does have some of your typical Dark Souls mechanics like invincibility frames and Estus Flasks (they are Bellflowers in this game). Also the way you fight enemies and bosses in this game is similar to how you would in Dark Souls, since you have to remember enemy attack patterns and movement in order to be successful and not take too much damage, since you are very fragile in this game. The animations this game is very fluid, which makes combat a very pleasing experience. One of the few things I disliked is how backing tracking early on is really frustrating, especially when the area you want to go is all the way on the other side of the map. And you'll most likely be backtracking a whole lot since it is required to beat the game. Although there is a warp mechanic, you get it pretty late into the game, and even so, you are very limited to where you can warp to.The last thing that I disliked is how one of the last bosses in the game had their closest checkpoint several rooms away. This annoyed me because the path to that boss from that checkpoint has several enemies that can half your health, forcing you to use your Bellflowers before you can fight the boss.Pros:- Dark Souls like combat- Fluid Animations- Challenging Bosses and Enemies- Interesting Ending- Replayability with New Game + and hidden collectablesCons:- Backtracking is a pain- First playthrough is short, if you don't do New Game +"
,Recommended,428550,23372288,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Neko Nya!♥,10/10 new favorite game plz buy
,Recommended,428550,21630077,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Syfurion,"Quite good, Nice Castlevania vibe with some Dark Souls here and there for good measure. It is rather short, finished a first playthough in around ~3 hours 20, buuuut as it turns out I got a bad ending, so there is some replayability to it in that sense.Controls are very responsive, and enemy hitboxes are quite fair in the sense that I never got hit by something that really shouldn't have. I have only two particular gripes: Firstly, No seperate button for the map, both start and select open the menu, so you have to shuffle over to it manually, minor but still. Secondly an ability you pick up roughly half-way through *probably* should've been it's own button, rather than taking an active item slot, slightly more inconvenient that the map thing, but still pretty minor.Overall? I quite highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys a nice, tightly controlling combat platformer with a bit of bite to it.Edit: They have added a map hotkey, so that minor negative is now moot."
,Recommended,428550,21632635,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NeonArcadia,"I absolutely adore this game. The pixel art, the gameplay, the characters, and the music are all top notch and entirely noteworthy. A deep and challenging experience, at a very enjoyable length. The game doesn't overstay its welcome for a single playthrough and I'm more than pleased to run through it for all the possible endings. Easily in my top 5 for 2016 already."
76561197993293288,Recommended,428550,21636177,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hypha,This is harsh. Evaluate Me!
,Recommended,428550,21666028,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,J O X,"Hey, that's pretty good."
,Recommended,428550,23265949,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kyle,rdein has a better understanding of what made dark souls great than the developers of dark souls 2
,Recommended,428550,24979342,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Jerba,"Gorgeus art with gameplay that requires skill in harder difficulties. My first playthrough (and so far only) was on hard. In the beginning it was annoying to die in one or two hits, but as I played I got better and could defeat bosses without taking damage.There's also wide variety of different items to go with your play style, I personally went for items that increased my damage."
,Recommended,428550,25937991,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Squarishlink[⚝AFUKNLEAF⚝],A ♥♥♥♥ING LEAF
,Recommended,428550,25939398,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Halodrednaught,"It's good, like really goood!I neeeeeed more games like this...more games need the feature of atacking the save point to quick save"
76561198031042643,Recommended,428550,25911199,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,chbing13,Kill things wtih a leaf. What else do you need? Next game in SoulsBorne series should add maple leaf sword and Kaho as NPC.
76561198000865311,Recommended,428550,34254655,Posted: 15 August,all,Ebiness,"A great metroidvania game set in a gloomy but interesting world. Definitely worth its asking price, 100% recommended."
76561198144067600,Recommended,428550,31779284,Posted: 15 May,all,Sniffles,Hitting witch♥♥♥♥♥♥with a leaf. 10/10
,Recommended,428550,27143891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,「蛍火」 Keika,"A huge step up in quality and design from Momodora III (and I loved this game), Momodora RUtM leaves the stage progression behind and offers one single map you can explore in the order you chose (post-SotN Castlevania comes to mind). The game looks beautiful and the spritework is incredibly cute and pleasant to look at.The music, while on the more ambiant side does a great job at conveying various mood through your journey.The combat feels great, even though the roll is a bit tricky to master since the invincibility frames are scarce. Bossfights are tough but not too hard and I've never felt the game was being cheap or injust to me.The plot is minimalist and is told in a way that invites comparison to Dark Souls or Bloodborne.It's way longer than Momodora III (which took me like 5 hours to 100%) but you will most likely finish it in about 10h or less, it does have some good replay value though, especially if you intend to 100% it, which is tough but far from impossible.Overall great atmosphere, great bossfights, lovely 2D art and a nice difficulty curve."
76561198043793946,Recommended,428550,22518672,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Grinja,"The Dark Souls of 2D. A really good metroidvania with heaps of atmosphere and exploration. Also it looks like you're playing as a white mage from Final Fantasy and theres mapple leaves, everybody loves maple leaves."
,Recommended,428550,34328382,Posted: 18 August,all,Simply complicated.,"A true indie metroidvania gem, recommended for all fans of the subgenre. The experience is short and yet satisfying."
76561198160792504,Recommended,428550,29059768,Posted: 6 January,all,Criller,"[I played it offline][NO SPOILER]MISC- Played the first run on Hard, hadn't been easy but not even impossible- At Hard most of the enemies will kill you with two attacks, but it isn't frustrating 'cause the attacks are telegraphed- First run took about 7 hours- If you played Nuclear Throne...PRO- 60 fps- Good pixelart- Good music- Good atmosphere- Good enemies and bosses- The Final Boss is great (mechanically speaking)- After you end the first run you'll unlock Insane difficulty, the truly highest difficulty- The Italian Localization is perfect- The girl is a redheadCON- The bow is way too much useful than the leaf (yeah you use a leaf as your main weapon)- There's a certain setup (I only say that's related to poison) which is a bit, only a bit, op :\- The poison is a bit op- The game is pretty (not entirely) linear- The NG+ isn't that greatFinal verdict: if you like metroidvania games, buy it! (maybe it's better if it's on sale)"
76561198152437902,Recommended,428550,29348920,Posted: 18 January,all,Nero Fil,Fight enemies with a leaf 10/10
76561197971325355,Recommended,428550,28973318,Posted: 3 January,all,Traeus,"This game is very, very good; and was clearly a labor of love from the designer. It has a lot of character in everything from the animations, the controls, to the excellent music.One of the most solid metroidvania titles I've played in awhile. If you like that style of game, I don't know why you are reading this and not buying. Seriously, gogogo. Don't worry if you've never played the other games, neither had it. It's fine. :)It is more difficult than most metroidvania titles, but not in a bad way at all. People will compare it to the souls games because the actions are really deliberate. Take things slow and methodically. Each enemy is a puzzle to decipher. There is always a way forward.I do have gripes about this game but they didn't sour my experience very much if at all. When trying to do hard or insane or just perfect boss runs you have to restart a lot to learn it. The menuing can get old. This only happens if you are trying to perfect the game though, and a casual run would not run into this very much at all.Also, I'm lame and complained on the forums about said issue and the dev was totally cool and awesome about it. Dev is a pretty cool person and really reaches out to people and is super nice! :) Mad respect.Just don't play this on insane. Is it supposed to be hard? Yes. But on insane it's really only hard because of RNG. If you know how the movements and stuff are done, you should be able to do it, but RNG can screw you mid action. The design isn't quite tight enough to make insane difficulty really work well, IMO. The first area is crazy on insane because of all the RNG in all the enemy movements.TLDR: if you like souls games, buy this. If you like metroidvania games, buy this. If you like good games, buy this."
76561198044102213,Recommended,428550,23784955,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cold steve12,"Similar to Souls, but a bit easier. Really nice pixel graphics and a wonderfull soundtrack that fits with the theme of the area. Overall very fun."
,Recommended,428550,25092346,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,mord,"A well made metroidvania type game. Visuals, animation and sound are good. View the screenshots and video on the store page for examples.The difficulty is well balanced. Normal difficulty is challenging enough to not feel like a waste of time.Initially the controls felt a bit clunky, for example you can't cancel out of a dodge roll and you can't change direction mid attack. Eventually I got used to it.The game is very short, around 4 hours, which felt a bit lacking."
,Recommended,428550,21648837,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,party_steve,"Everything I love about 2d platformers rolled into one.I'm a huge castlevania nut so the metroidvania style feels right at home. It has a very nice almost Cave Story like artstyle and it has a dark souls system of combat. Rolling gives you i-frames, and you have a limited amout of healing items until you hit your next save point. So far I am only 30 minutes in and have come across 3 bosses all with pretty nice mechanics. The game also has a nice eerie OST so far.This is a must play for any 2d action platformer lover."
,Recommended,428550,25812638,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CeaseofMorality,"Its like castlevania, except with more waifus11/10"
,Recommended,428550,21917932,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,mo1016,"This is a great Metroidvania game. The boss fights are great! I also appreciate the roll, hitting detection, arrow charge, and the combo mechanic, and then I found out you can be a cat! Is there anything this game doesn't have? I look forward to the developer's future games. I will get them all.I wish you can change difficulty setting on the 2nd play through...and maybe a boss rush mode?"
76561198044805415,Recommended,428550,24523326,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,GreenH,cool little metroid inspired game with a very smooth pixel animation and artstyle.
76561198160616374,Recommended,428550,35317546,Posted: 29 September,all,Soemtheng,"Jesus christ this game is a pure 10/10, go play it now!"
,Recommended,428550,23909318,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Chizzle,Have to smash a giant girls oversized boobies with a maple leaf to kill her5318008/10
,Recommended,428550,24502016,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tallcat,Short and sweet. Great art.
76561198097983458,Recommended,428550,35320055,Posted: 29 September,all,Sexiest Man Alive,Dark souls and Boobs = 10/10
,Recommended,428550,21629356,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Wurielle,From all the deadly weapons known to existence you chose a leaf?10/10100/100best game.BEST GAME.
,Recommended,428550,22404837,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,shrimp,yes
,Recommended,428550,31754112,Posted: 14 May,all,Earsenhorn,"Another Dark Souls inspired platformer, with fantastically executed music, art, and gameplay.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,428550,24598612,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Undefined,"Momodora RUtM is a metroidvania, souls-like game, and It is absolutely amazing.The art and sound is beautiful, and the gameplay is tight and natural feeling. It's a great purchase, and I would reccomend it to anyone looking for an engaging world and straight forward story, as well as a great challenge."
76561197968439522,Recommended,428550,24588945,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kaboom,"Great game in the Metroidvania style, excellent tight controls and beatiful pixel art."
,Recommended,428550,33848367,Posted: 27 July,all,Kirfio,Very cool game. Beautiful and delphik. I like this
,Recommended,428550,26485988,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Vicks,"Was loving this game up until the battery in my controller died and after I replaced the battery with a freshly charged one it wouldn't pick up the controller again.  Keyboard input worked, but wouldn't let me get to the menu and change back to the controller.  With as unforgiving as this game is, it needs to be able to pick the controller input up right away if this happens."
,Recommended,428550,21640201,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Teru,"It's probably been said before but this is a perfect mix of the MetroidVania formula.Big world to explore, tons of powerups and secrets to collect, an awesome atmosphere and OST.Everything's there. Now if only I could dodge better..."
,Recommended,428550,24981263,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Noob-Noob-San,Best 10 dollar game I've ever played hands down. Highly reccomended if ya like metroid+dark souls combined.
,Recommended,428550,24983543,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,A i M E R,Beautiful PixelartAwesome GameplayFunny Boss
76561198097988719,Recommended,428550,24979147,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,OCracks,This game is beautiful without a doubt. A mustbuy for platformer fans who want a good challenge!
,Recommended,428550,24800461,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tennaki,"Well, from the get go, you're gonna realise Momodora: RUtM takes its inspiration much from Dark Souls; it's got quite the difficulty to it, forcing you to take advantage of invincibility-frames with your dodge rolls, learning patters of your enemies, and deciding how you're going to face all of your enemies; cautiously & patiently, or going ham-sandwich. I saw the game over screen a healthy amount of times mostly because you just can't run into the game and hack'n'slash your way through.Momodora's got a pretty nice soundtrack, and a nice set of boss battles to keep you entertained. The visuals and sprites are animated so beautifully, too. It's very 'Metroidvania', so if you're just not advancing at all, you probably aren't supposed to be there yet, and all of these upgrades just speed up the pacing of the game in a satifying way.Had no idea how to get true ending btw had to google it, but I give it a 79/43. It's great."
,Recommended,428550,24902407,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Iretep,Fun and short. The games difficulty ranges from decent challange to easy mode depending on how much you want to cheese the combat.
,Recommended,428550,24813788,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Boibi,"This game is a metroidvania. You side scroll through a large 2D map unlocking access to new areas by gaining new powers. It sticks to the genre tropes pretty strongly, but it does them well so there's no problem here.Reverie Under the Moonlight is the 4th game in the Momodora series (or something like that, I'm not totally sure). That being said, you don't need to play the previous games to enjoy this one.The sprite art is really well done. It's very easy to tell what everything is by looking at it. The soundtrack is nice to listen to. It isn't particularly memorable, but it sets the mood well for the tone of the game.This game has a lot of backtracking, but thankfully you gain the ability to warp between certain save points so secret finding isn't a slog through stuff you've already done 100 times.The combat is well built. It especially shines during boss fights. You will be tested by the bosses. Thankfully your health items regenerate at every save point so you don't need to go grinding out more potions every time you die to a boss.I recommend this game because it has solid polish and it succeeds at doing what it sets out to do."
,Recommended,428550,22986695,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,NekoiNemo,"One of the most amazing metroidvania games on the market (aside from, well, Metroid and Castlevania games).Game also took some bright ideas from Souls franchise in terms of mechanics and difficulty. But, unlike Souls this game is bug-free and doesn't punish you for its shortcomings."
,Recommended,428550,21649604,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,darkkal,"This game was deceptively cute. A short game, but very fun nonetheless. I beat it on normal with moderate difficulty, im sure Hard is much more difficult. The combat felt very fluid, and while not very advanced, I think it benefits from being more simple so you can concentrate more on not dying to some tough patterns. If you like any Metroidvania, Dark Souls, or Touhou games, this is most likely the game for you.There is one thing that I didn't like though, and it has to do with how some of the characters are involved with the story.Not much background or resolution has been given to some otherwise interesting characters. They didn't really feel too connected to your story, although I guess the gist of it is that they're all on their own path and end up going their own ways at some point in the story. Not a big deal, but it probably could have added much more to the overall experience."
76561198152684589,Recommended,428550,32048403,Posted: 29 May,all,Ultralaven,"This game is another ""Hidden Jem"" in my opinion, I have not played any of the other games in the series, however, this is a fantastic game.  Beautiful visuals and music, challenging combat, multiple cats, and just very fun to play.  I completed this game on normal, and it's a damn good time.  While people compare this game to be a ""souls like"" I just think it's pretty fun.  Probably one of my favorite games of 2016 and ever."
76561198173863023,Recommended,428550,24991014,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FairlyBlue,"8-bit dark souls basically, really fleshed out with unique enemies and fun boss fights. need I say more?"
76561198099815829,Recommended,428550,28577964,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Heinzy Guders,It's a damn fine game that I picked up because it looked cool. I was not disappointed.
,Recommended,428550,28541879,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BloodEy3,I absolutly love this game the art style and the combat remind me of a 2d dark souls aboslutly love this seires and hope there will be more down the road :D
,Recommended,428550,29328548,Posted: 17 January,all,Shadaez,i played this to impress someone. it was good
,Recommended,428550,34654378,Posted: 1 September,all,[WW] Yoshino,Youre basically a loli who beats up hobos with a leaf.What do you want more?
,Recommended,428550,23973095,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Blazing-Pancake,10/10 The closest game you'll get to BloodBorne on PC.For now at least.
,Recommended,428550,29307570,Posted: 16 January,all,Caldaria,"One of the best platformers ever made.It is not as long as other games, but far more intense.Play on Hard for maximum effect.Also, this is a video game. Gameplay is everything.If you're looking for a story, go watch a movie.And yes, you should obviously use a controller.Every PC gamer should own one anyway.This isn't 1997 anymore."
76561198035516743,Recommended,428550,24516814,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JackoWaffles,Good Metroidvania title.
,Recommended,428550,25886876,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Isa╳us,"If your looking for a great story, this probably isn't for you. Everything else is top notch."
76561198023820594,Recommended,428550,30585994,Posted: 18 March,all,samble91,i loved it so much i just wish it was longer
,Recommended,428550,30857331,Posted: 31 March,all,ClaymoreJesus,"Momodora RutM is a wonderfully charming metroidvania game with an oppressively melancholy atmosphere. Enemies hit hard and your health is low at the start, so get used to dodging like it's Dark Souls, but when you get into the swing of it there are some fantastic bosses, wonderfully designed areas and a morbid but beautiful soundtrack. If you like these sorts of games in general, then this one you will almost certainly enjoy."
,Recommended,428550,25851398,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,⇜SQUIGS⇝,"Finished the game on Hard mode on my first time playing it and finished in about 2:19 minutes. The rest of the playtime I have is from being AFK and respawn times and the sort.Game plays similar to a classic Metroidvania title, but with stores to get most of your upgrades instead of finding them around the world. Health expansions are pretty much the only secrets to find in the overworld, and all passive upgrades (that don't use up an equipment slot) are rare, with only 4 to collect, doing fairly minor things (Air dodge, Faster bow charge speed, Bow charge lv2, and one that allows you to fast travel between same points. There's also apparently a way to upgrade your leaf to get the 'true ending')Combat has you dodging enemies attack with a dodge roll (and later, an air dodge), attacking enemies with either melee or ranged attacks, depending on how you want to play. The bow is bound to a separate button so you can very easily combo enemies after your standard 3-hit combo with melee.Other upgrades available are items that must be equipped taking up one of two passive item equip slots available to you. They do everything from letting you deal more damage, adding fire/poison to attacks, making enemies drop more money, to giving you health upon an enemies death instead of the in-game currency. There are also consumable 'active' items, which you must manually use. There's one that's used to heal, some that give damage buffs, one that turns you into a cat to reach areas with small entry points, and some more.The game in punishing but not unfair. Weirdly enough, I went through the game never dying to a boss once. Most of my deaths were from basic enemies, which is a change from standard Metroidvania gameplay in which the bosses are usually harder than the nearby enemies. I suspect this may have something to do with the fact that enemies do a surprising about of damage, and there's often many on the screen at once.The games bosses, past a certain point, can be completed in any order you wish with varying difficulty depending on what upgrades you have. There are about 8 bosses in the game total, with one appearing twice.The game features some damn amazing sprites and backgrounds, along with an amazing soundtrack.All in all, the game was solid, and I've heard that there are multiple endings but I can't find it in me to replay the game, especially after getting 91% of the map completed and around 70% of all items in the game, on my first playthrough of the game, on hard mode, with a total playtime on my save of around 2 hours and 20 minutes. The game is simply too short for the price of admission, and seeing as you can buy some amazing procedurally generated rogue likes with similar metroidvania gameplay with far more replayability (like Rogue Legacy or Nuclear Throne) for only $5 more than this, I can't recommend you buy this game unless it's on sale or gets a price drop.I also noticed that it's rather easy to become far too powerful in this game if you can be bothered fetching an item that grants enemies a chance to drop double currency on death early in the game. By the end of the game I had a setup that had me, no joke, 4 shot the final bosses first form, and 5 shot their second form (Two passive items, one called the Black Sachet that increases attack damage for a 5% chance to deal 10% damage to self on attack, another called the Necklace of Sacrifice that increases attack damage by 100% when low on health, which i found triggers at 25% health and below, and by using an active item that gives a 100% attack boost for 30 seconds in exchange of some health, and using the lv 2 bow charge which fired 5 arrows but only counts as one attack)Overall, I'd give this game a solid 8/10. It stands very strongly on its own merits, and will satiate you if you're looking for a decent Metroidvania title. That being said, as I said before. Wait until this game is cheaper, like on sale or something because it's honestly not worth the $9.99 USD they're asking for it."
76561198259499963,Recommended,428550,26531544,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,KAKIKUKEKO,最近也开始关注些像素画及像素风，于是就在商店看到了它。人物都很可爱，不管是色调和音乐还有氛围都很不错，至于经常手贱花样作死那就另当别论了。
,Recommended,428550,22058308,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Diejoubu,Metrioidvania with Dark Souls elements in the best way possible. Quality animation and a beautiful soundtrack. Can't ask for much more.
,Recommended,428550,21730568,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ER15,"First of all I'd like to point out that I literally just bought the game roughly an hour ago (explains my hours on record). I saw this game being promoted on by Temmie Chang, an artist that has worked on Undertale, so I figured hey this might be good. After seeing the trailer I immediately saved up to buy it ASAP.After installation and booting up I was greeted by this pixel wonder menu screen and mesmerizing music but... yeah.. Things go a little bit awry when I tried to configure the controls because there's none. I mean sure I could switch from 3 control schemes but that's about it. Admittingly I don't own an Xbox 360 controller or any sort of controller (I should get one) so that crosses out the controller schemes out the window.I looked at the button setup for the keyboard since it's the only choice I have and I was kinda disappointed because I cannot change the bindings. YES THAT'S VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU CAN CHANGE THE BINDINGS. Not that it's a major thing that will affect the entire experience though.I started a new game and everything reminded me of my castlevanias, and that was the magic charm I was expecting to come along this game. The character controls fluidly and tight, an important factor for games like this. She has weight to her movement which is great because it synergizes with the responsive butter smooth controls. The hitbox is sweet and precise and you can feel the great force of every attack you try to land.Graphics wise it's reminiscent of ye old retro pixels which is one of the reasons why I bought this game (and due to hardware limitations). Everything is done with heart from the character animation to the little tid bits that happen in the background. I have no complaint with the overall art style and presentation. Pure bliss.The music is superb. It reminds me of the good old days of the SNES. Not much to say.My only gripe about the game so far is the inability to change the keyboard bindings. It's a personal thing of mine to tinker with the config and adjust the controls to my taste. I frankly found it confusing when I was engaging in battle as I try my best to press the jump button only to keep slashing the air with my maple leaf blade. Although I am not giving this game a thumbs down just because of that. The game was released just a few days ago so I don't blame the devs for that but please do hear me out and add in an option wherein we can change the bindings.This is a fantastic game and my first Momodora game to boot. Cheers."
76561197970775193,Recommended,428550,26550047,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DasHurz,"Feels a bit like indie Souls. Beautiful artstyle fluid movement, great combat. The only thing that's a bit of a shame is that the story could be more fleshed out. Other than that the game is really really good."
76561198303256539,Recommended,428550,29492754,Posted: 25 January,all,Pure weaponised autism,Short and sweet 2D Darksouls/BloodborneYes that means buy it
,Recommended,428550,29079164,Posted: 6 January,all,Diphy,This game 10/10It enabled me to hit a witch lady in her boobs with a leafplus protagonist is pretty cute
76561198244494584,Recommended,428550,29107567,Posted: 7 January,all,sonicdog45,its like a 2d dark souls
76561198109912921,Recommended,428550,31201876,Posted: 17 April,all,Darth Maren,You like dark souls get it.You like great pixel graphics get it.You like good bosses that are fun to kill again and again get it.You like good games get it.
,Recommended,428550,26447733,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pancho,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredibly good. I can't possibly recommend it enough. It feels and plays amazing and it's gorgeous. Play it.
,Recommended,428550,31675829,Posted: 10 May,all,A living cotton candy,This game is harder than my exam on geography but needless to say this game is the best i've seen for awhile
,Recommended,428550,24637561,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,boy,"2D Bloodborne with many of the great features of a true metroidvania, I couldn't put it down from beginning to end. Also some of the greatest pixel work and most attractive character designs I've seen in a game like this.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,428550,31759323,Posted: 14 May,all,Two Wieners,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaa such a good game !
,Recommended,428550,23882425,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,YoRHa Luxanna,"First I wanted to try and write some funny review but..this game is so freaking great and the ""slap giant♥♥♥♥♥♥with a leaf"" joke so overused.Ffs, this is one of the top games I have in my Steam library, if you like games that are either hard, cute, awesome or all of those, just get it.You won't regret it.11/10, serious rating. Better than any AAA game I ever played.This game is so going into my Game Collector showcase on my profile and will NEVER get away from there."
,Recommended,428550,23853206,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wesker Frank,2d pixel art souls-like metroidvania with amazing music and art.A bit short but still a must buy.
76561198095520303,Recommended,428550,26854981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fausto Fitz-James,"challenging, beautiful art, good gameplay and a fine story. an amazing game."
76561198072397926,Recommended,428550,21634458,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,KYLE,10/10 would die again
,Recommended,428550,26515359,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,EmberSnow,this game is awesome
,Recommended,428550,26488308,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,egyptic,"Nice little game, I felt it was worth the price especially if you plan to 100% everything."
76561198009804796,Recommended,428550,25021541,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,エラー,Top quality metroidvania game !
,Recommended,428550,24122979,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LILSharkZilla,"I went into the Momodora series completely blind, and started from the first game all the way to this one. This one is definitely the best out of the whole series.And no, you don't have to play the series in order. In fact, I recommend playing this one first.Atmosphere is often forgotten in newer games today. That's where Momodora: RUtM scores the most points.Fun boss fights, great controls, good music, fun items to find, and absolutely fantastic sprite work and animations. (Seriously, some of the best I've ever seen in an indie game.)The only thing I really dislike about all the Momodora games is how short they are. On Momodora III, I completed the game in just 90 minutes on my first ever playthrough. Besides that, you should try this one out."
,Recommended,428550,31673898,Posted: 10 May,all,w_a_v_e_s,"2D Dark Souls, but like true dark souls not that broken ds2/ds3 games.9.5/10 for me.- Strong solid atmosphere.- Some really working Dark Souls mechanics mixed with Momodora's ones.- Challenging and enjoyable gameplay.- Fun and memorable characters.- Juicy graphics.- A lot of secrets and exploration for such game.This game inspired me to resurrect my own project from the dead. I have regained faith in Indie Gamedev once again. And that is my personal motives of thanking the developers, well done guys. WouldLOVEto see Momodora 5.:momocat:"
76561198201569494,Recommended,428550,32943973,Posted: 28 June,all,Shloop,"I loved the game so much that I let it beat me so hard until I was pleased.10/10 - ""Best beating I've ever received in my life. . ."""
76561198002549182,Recommended,428550,21694285,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Gufubu,nice !
,Recommended,428550,24035337,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Crazyguy1990,Literally 2D Dark Souls. Get it immediately.
,Recommended,428550,21808463,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,leafy,"Great platforming, beautiful animations and graphics, and an amazing story.(Also you fight with a leaf..)"
76561198090048211,Recommended,428550,33169076,Posted: 2 July,all,Humble52,Great game mates
,Recommended,428550,30876263,Posted: 1 April,all,Prestige,definitely a good game and the OST is so good.the game runs smoothly and works perfectly on my PC/laptop. The game is open the player so you can access some places in the game rather quickly and the characters in the game are nice  also the boss are memorable
,Recommended,428550,29605170,Posted: 31 January,all,LuxLacis,Really fun platformer with amazing pixelated art style and beautiful sound track. Really got me into 2D platormers.
,Recommended,428550,26530030,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[King of Caylus]  Hipster,"What a delightful game! Beautiful animation, challenging boss-fights, and a mysterious and bittersweet world to explore. I enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,428550,33524789,Posted: 13 July,all,TigerTank25,lol
,Recommended,428550,33943196,Posted: 31 July,all,soulgun007,"So I have beaten two bosses and I can say. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥MOTHER OF GOD IS THIS HARD. Now I have never played Dark souls so I dont know what hard is. This game is hard but fun. Every fight I am soo close to death. This game is great. Just  wish this game could be beatable with one hand. ♥♥♥♥ IS THE ART SO GOOD. I give it. 7 pairs of Mai Valentine's breasts out of 8.Art 9/10Music 8/10Death of Main Character Sound Effect-3/10Difficulty 9/10Depth 2 out of 3 dimensionsController Throwing Frustation 9/10What is it better than?Sonic 06Sonic Adventure 3Sonic and the Black KnightSonic BoomSonic and the Rise of LyricThe Emoji Movie (use the money saved from not seeing it, on this game)"
,Recommended,428550,29311211,Posted: 16 January,all,Nagi,is this dark soul  ?
,Recommended,428550,24980402,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TheLunacyKing,Exactly what I want from a Metroidvania.
,Recommended,428550,28848149,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,seaofthesky,"great soundtrack and art, gamplay is solid and game is great."
76561198119123927,Recommended,428550,34109364,Posted: 8 August,all,Awesome cat,"It's so pretty and fun, just get it! :ᴅ"
76561198073194236,Recommended,428550,30176704,Posted: 25 February,all,elduderino,Basically a 2D Soulslike/Metroidvania. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,428550,30203192,Posted: 26 February,all,「§NG」 sloth is my father,Masterpiece
,Recommended,428550,30236312,Posted: 28 February,all,鬼Ittla,there are cats in this gamevery cute
,Recommended,428550,30204608,Posted: 26 February,all,im_not_human,I loved every second of it.
,Recommended,428550,34192804,Posted: 12 August,all,Mintzs,This game takes no prisoners.Halp.
76561198091338358,Recommended,428550,26670037,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,gr8 g8m
,Recommended,428550,24229922,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Crowbar,Fantastic. This is the way metroidvania types should be made.
76561198075908627,Recommended,428550,34623808,Posted: 30 August,all,Boden,"Positives+Great character animation+Establishes atmosphere through world design and ambience quite well+Tight, responsive combat+Easy to pick up and play yet still challenging+Fun and challenging enemies, especially the bosses+Good soundtrackSide Points/Game length. I beat the game in about 4-5 hours, not a big issue because of the price. It has some replay value for achivements/higher difficulty though.Negatives-No real character developlment for the side characters. They show up from time to time but don't do or say anything of real substance.-There isn't much of a story to the game, what you know about the story from the first half hour is pretty much as deep as it gets with no real twists or character development.-Underwhelming final boss. Both in their reveal and the fight itself.OverallIf you really enjoy metroidvania style games this is an easy recommendation from a gameplay perspective, which you could argue, is the most important one. Just don't expect an amazing story here."
,Recommended,428550,21726847,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,12p Ronald,"Although a bit depressing at times, gorgeous graphics and music. Loved every second of it.Many difficulty settings from casual to a real challenge!"
,Recommended,428550,28605889,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nighthawk,short and sweet Metroidvania game
,Recommended,428550,28298747,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Cool Orphan,"Easily one of the most entrancing experiences I've had to date. The gameplay and controls are well polished, the music fits the beautifully done environments, and the variety of enemies and bosses added to both the challenge the game poses and the uniqueness of the areas. Momodora RUtM's story really makes you feel the struggles of the characters (and a few bosses). If you have the cash and want to a nostalgic experience or some fun out of a game, I couldn't urge you more to choose Momodora RUtM."
,Recommended,428550,28876227,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,five finger death punch,its just very good
76561198016333251,Recommended,428550,29314696,Posted: 17 January,all,Strogg89,If u love metroidvania games than u will love this too
,Recommended,428550,32757248,Posted: 24 June,all,Fl0r1B3L4,"This game is amazing, very well polished, lots of lovely details, a true Metroidvania experience.Don't get me wrong though, this game will kick your A$$ if you're not paying attention. You will die CONSTANTLY.Has secret rooms, backtracking with new abilities, stores, currency, upgrades, etc..Buy this game! Definitely worth it!"
76561198001656242,Recommended,428550,21707172,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,KlausGaming,If you mix up some of the mechanics from the Dark Souls games and mix them with Metroidvania you'll get something like this. The pixelated graphics are endearing and has a lot of detail. If you enjoy the genre there's a lot to like here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20F_cM-KgrU
,Recommended,428550,25015034,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,LunarLazuli,"Best metroidvania I've played in a long while. The aesthetics are through the roof and the gameplay is tight/satisfying. Hard mode is actually fairly challenging as well and I've been having fun playing though it. If you're like me and you always feel like there simply aren't enough good games in this genre, I highly encourage you to buy this immediately. I'm pretty positive you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,428550,25702939,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Beau,"This game just seeps with heart, everything about it is just lovely; the soundtrack is beautiful, the graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is beautiful. I could just go on and on about how wonderful this game is and I probably still couldn't do it credit. If you're ever looking for something to play for a good few hours and have some extra money on Steam this is definitely a must play."
,Recommended,428550,35355819,Posted: 30 September,all,cr0,"Perfectly crafted Metroidvania; peaceful music, a just large enough map, and satisfying combat. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,428550,34002128,Posted: 3 August,all,Heraclito,Amazing game.
,Recommended,428550,21787247,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,PiLi,short but GG
76561198232814664,Recommended,428550,28278963,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,KyojinKiraX,"Game is amazing and fun I actually enjoyed the concept it has a slight castlevania feel and the battling is nice too, I might have made some pretty awkward mistakes xD but other than that was an amazing experience and I urge all to give it a shot!https://youtu.be/nUSthW5d5p4"
,Not Recommended,428550,29369609,Posted: 19 January,all,code_geese,"Great atmosphere reminiscent of Bloodborne and decent gameplay, but it's too short and lacking gameplay mechanics to be a very good metroidvania and left me feeling unsatisfied, not helped by the ending."
,Recommended,428550,34046141,Posted: 5 August,all,Toffee,I feel abused... can I call child support...
,Recommended,428550,21905569,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Nice-sama,"BMR Rating 4.5 Out of 5.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlYKAqZb2lz0K6x9ut9JiOe3u0JZ0Rzj1The game looks great, specially for a Pixel Platformer. I like the story so far. Got a bit tilted on some bosses but feels good when you overcome them. The little red riding hood -kinda theme that Momo has really hits my good sides.Hey, if you're not a fan of platformer games, I get you, I get you man, trust me I don't like Platformer type of games too but you should try this and decide for yourself if the 'FUN' overcomes your 'Angst' for this game."
,Recommended,428550,22771866,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Tohloo,Eh its ok
,Recommended,428550,28990899,Posted: 3 January,all,eXcruciate,"A very well done indie game that if anything is too short, around 4 hours. It borrows a couple ideas from Dark Souls and uses them well. There is really no replay value though because once you know what to do, and yea the game is pretty easy, even playing through again on hard would probably still be too easy. It also has one of the worst ending designs I have ever seen. After I beat the last boss, she gets one last blow on me that kills me and it says I failed and the world gets cast into darkness or whatever. I beat her again just to be sure I hadn't done something wrong. I read that to get the good ending you have to have gotten some wind power and unlocked a weapon upgrade. No thanks. I'll pass on figuring it out just to get the good ending when I can youtube it.Great graphics, tight controls, great sound and music, and a lot of fun to play through once. But a really dumb ending design if you didn't find a specific item to use in a specific place for a certain upgrade.7/10 only buy on sale because it is very short with no real replay value."
76561198132375258,Recommended,428550,24921769,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,bad@GG,Dark Souls with waifus
,Recommended,428550,23679230,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,QM,"Probably one of the biggest surprises in recent indie game history for me. The previous Momodora games weren't anything special but this game... this game is amazing. There's not much more I can say that hasn't already been said though, but here's my reccomendation any way.Could do without the fan service though, as little as there is."
,Recommended,428550,26485073,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Spooky Ghosts,"Feels like Dark Souls, but in 2D not bad, you die here and there....."
,Recommended,428550,28398511,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BloopBucket,iz gud
76561197973589694,Recommended,428550,25065484,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MightyFox,"The game is definitely worth a $10 buy, if not more. My only real issues stem from a desire to see  stronger story elements, as those presented are quite fractured and leave a bit to be desired, but the gameplay is undeniably solid and fun."
,Recommended,428550,23814201,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bodey,i hit a lady in the boobs until she got annoyed with me and leftthis is a pretty good game
,Recommended,428550,23952356,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,rick,Darksouls platformer.Epic boss fights.Simple fun and rewarding combat.Great soundtrack.
76561198128395088,Recommended,428550,24790307,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,looking for answers,C H I C K E N : R E V E R I E U N D E R E D W A R D C H I C K E N H A N D S
76561197963791079,Recommended,428550,23810140,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jah,Great gameplay.  Great Soundtrack.  Replayability.  Medium to Hard difficulty.5/7
,Recommended,428550,28518379,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,✪ Lux,Big love
76561198013337409,Recommended,428550,34677799,Posted: 1 September,all,dongosaurus_rex,Cave Story meets Dark Souls. I'm really enjoying this.
,Recommended,428550,29306595,Posted: 16 January,all,A Good Boy,"i've played for 40 minutes so far and spent the last 10  wacking  big anime hootersthat's really all it takes to recommend a game, take note devs of the world"
,Recommended,428550,23798317,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ele Bathory,Loved the game~
,Not Recommended,428550,34265991,Posted: 15 August,all,Mal,"Cute, seems like it has potential but hoped it would be a bit more story based considering the buzz i heard around it"
76561198199220210,Recommended,428550,34115215,Posted: 8 August,all,Elijah,Its alright
,Recommended,428550,21699379,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Gorgeous game, fun metroidvania with a few secrets to find, sad that its so short and suffers from frame drops here and there, still, probably the best game in the series, worth its price and includes ng+."
76561197971649042,Recommended,428550,29037503,Posted: 5 January,all,Just Me ♥,If you want to win you must slap some boobs with a leaf.
76561198137987107,Recommended,428550,34117224,Posted: 8 August,all,MoopNoop,yes
,Recommended,428550,24036339,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,hdloki,This game is rad.
,Recommended,428550,29795914,Posted: 8 February,all,Party ghost,very nice big fun
76561198029751280,Recommended,428550,34007989,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
,Not Recommended,428550,24030419,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shirt Ripper,"I'm only writing this review because this game showed up in the Metroidvania bundle and most reviews claim it as Metroidvania-esque. On that I would humbly disagree. This game is more like a 2D Souls game minus the RPG elements. If that interests you, then you should look into it.My criticisms:If you compare this game to the two greats in the genre, Super Metroid and Symphony of the Night, it is quite clear it is not Metroidvania. Some aspects it shares, notably the map style and mechanically interesting boss fights/arenas. But it fails in what I think are some big important aspects of the genre and that is abilities, items/secrets, and map traversal/exploration.Momodora essentially offers little in the way of true exploration. You don't get a space jump, or a bat form, or a mist form. You only really gain one ability to allow you traverse new areas and it is very apparent where and what they are and it is more of a way of metering your way through the game. Super Metroid and SOTN offer a plethora of skills or weapons that dramatically alter how you will approach or revisit a level. Momodora does little with that.Items come in the form of equippable trinkets that are either active or passive. These offer small benefits like a heal, more money, or a vacuum for instance. None of these really help you explore the world like say Missiles, Super Missles, Bombs, Gravity suit. None of them also alter the way you play the game like different weapon types ala Alucard.There really is nothing to explore too. Sure, there are some hidden things, but they are truly unimaginatively hidden due to the previous two issues. There are no interesting abilities that allow you to explore new areas, so no hidden corners containing new Missile Expansions or Silver/Gold Glasses. Additionally there aren't that many items that can't just be purchased, so there are no avenues containing something interesting/equippable like Alucard's weapons or armors or cards.It takes away the aspects of Metroidvania that I really enjoy, notably progression through interesting itemization and exploration. What is left is a competent 2D platformer with a heavy emphasis on action combat. Its good at that. Its just not a good Metroidvania."
,Recommended,428550,31841075,Posted: 19 May,all,crowbar,"I had no idea this is a souls-like! How awesome is that? It also nails the Souls-like aspects. It also has good platforming mechanics, beautiful pixel art and nice music. Damn good game. Don't be like me and think it's just a cute little thing. It's worth playing!"
,Not Recommended,428550,29134362,Posted: 8 January,all,Lazurah,"This is not an absolute ""would-not-recommend"" by any means, but I didn't enjoy Momodora's particular mix of Metroidvania and Bloodborne very much. The mechanics that were taken from each genre didn't mesh well.The music is... somber. Which, given some of the creepier dungeon areas, isn't necessarily a bad thing. But it's across the entire game, even the boss fights. It's all on me for judging the book by the cover, but I was expecting something a little more intense.Positives? It was short and it's a great candidate for speedrunning. The final most difficult area and fighting the last few bosses were pretty fun. Proportionally though, I was frustrated by more parts of the game than those that I enjoyed.If it's crazy cheap and you're REALLY starved for a metroidvania/souls'em up, give it a shot, but otherwise, I can't really recommend it."
76561197973064953,Not Recommended,428550,29548889,Posted: 28 January,all,Just shoot ME!,another game taking the dark souls route heals and dodging didn't enjoy it that much there possibly a nice game here but I don't like the progression system. I don't like thats its marked as a metrovania game doesn't feel like there enough there to call it that rather its a action platformer. So again not the type of game I enjoy.
,Recommended,428550,31524144,Posted: 3 May,all,markp,good
,Recommended,428550,29307682,Posted: 16 January,all,Sleepy Sheepy,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing goodits like castlevania, but more cute girl, and MORE CUTE GIRL."
,Recommended,428550,21843244,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Aunt Bertha,Amazing game. Good job from developers. The atmosphere of the game really is what hooked me onto the game. If you get the chance buy the game.
76561198084804783,Not Recommended,428550,32403465,Posted: 13 June,all,Seven,"I spoiled myself a bit on this game's lore, and it all seems great. But I am not here to revel in the story, I am here to mention some gameplay issues I experienced.The game is beautiful, and so are the animations. But sadly it is the animations why I am not recommending this game.The movement is nice, but whenever you attack there is always a split second of vulnerability AFTER the attack has been thrown out. My first play of this game was on hard, in hard mode most enemies can kill you in one or two shots, which is fine. But due to hard mode's multiplied damage factor that split second is all the more necessary.But multiplying the fault which is the lack of responsiveness due to those animations projectiles move extremely quickly and are able to come from far off screen, most notably in Karst with the Witches. A witch will shoot at me without me knowing she was there, that is usually fine for I have fairly quick reactions to that type of thing. But most of the time I can't dodge that projectile, for i just completed slaying a wolf and thus am stuck in place for my face to get smashed in by heathenly magic.Another problem with the witches (this one is mainly a pet peeve) their projectiles lock in on you right when they are launched thus dissapating any hope of juking out the caster and thus having the only way to not get hit is to dodge the incoming projectile.Lastly, coupling with the attack animation annoyance. If you push the limits on an attack and wait for the enemy to get extremely close you both take the damage. This has killed me so many darn times."
76561198010335843,Recommended,428550,33243971,Posted: 4 July,all,Plebleb,"It plays like a Castlevania game post-SOTN. In fact the theme is kind of similar, the enemies are of the gothic horror variety, etc. The combat is just slow enough to be engaging but not slow or difficult enough to be compared to Dark Souls (which is a good thing). One thing they did a really good job on is the atmosphere: the dark, grim locales do a good job of painting an abandoned world that local baddies have since taken up as residence. It's a little disappointing that your main ways of attacking stay the same over the course of the game. Overall I wouldn't say it's as good as a Castlevania game but it's not bad for an indie."
,Not Recommended,428550,23261294,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,sven,"This recommendation is NOT a rating, it is simply what it is, a buying recommendation based on my overall enjoyment of the game.The Good:Very nicely animated.Good art direction, nice art work.Nice music tracks that don't get on your nerves.Plays okay (it's not, say, Castlevania: Symphony of the night, but definitely not bad either.)No game breaking bugs during my playtime.The Not So Good:Useless double jump (seriously, why is it even in the game in this state?)Hard to spot insta-kill areas.Outdated damage model (do enemies really need to damage the player when you touch them? Even though they have attack states? I had hoped we could have left this Vampire Killer/Castlevania bullcrap damage model in the 80's.)Getting hit pushes the character in a stun while being flung in the air (again, that 80's damage model), this becomes a problem when fighting enemies or bosses in areas where 'the floor is lava', as when you get hit but tried to do a dodge roll, will result in you flying of into the instakill areas of the map, seeing the air dash is on the same button mapping.Bad difficulty settings curve (Easy is insultingly easy, normal is hard, and hard will make you want to smack your controller against the wall.)Bosses have attack states in which they are not on the playing field (basically invulnerability states) so your damage buffs time out before you could properly use them while you got to play dodge ball.)Bosses are not challenging, they are an exercise in perseverance and patience, as all the bosses for some reason needed to be bigger bullet sponges than bosses in Borderland’s ultimate vault hunter mode.Healing items simply heal too little, the fact you need to use 3 to even fill the standard health bar shows a lack of balancing (especially with the amount of damage even the lowest level enemies do.)A lot of stat boosting items are just fluff, what use is a 50% damage boost when a boss has such a massive health pool it will feel like you’re swinging a wet baguette instead of a sword anyway, same goes for the bow, why have arrows that will pierce through enemies and keep flying when there is almost never a situation where so many enemies are on screen (in a straight line no less) where that would be beneficial.Not enough to actually do in the world, sure you can backtrack and collect some useless worms, but there simply isn’t that much to explore and discover.Now, that ‘bad’ list seems to offset the good by a large margin, but it is also very dependent on what I find annoying and unnecessary for modern action platformers.This game borrows a lot from late 80's early 90's platformers, and quite frankly, i've played those, and a lot of stuff from those games always annoyed me (player and enemy hitbox overlap always damaging the player, not both, for example), and I had hoped we could have evolved a bit from those outdated gaming mechanics, but for some reason every 'retro' styled game somehow needs to tick of those checkboxes on the 'metroidvania' must have game mechanics list.And that’s a shame, as the game does a lot of stuff right, and with a little more balancing, better designed items and better difficulty settings, it might have been a lot more entertaining to me, unfortunately, I find I have little fun playing it.So, to iterate, it’s not a bad game per-se, but, up to a certain point it just doesn’t do it for me anymore. Now, if you have no problem with those outdated (or oldskool, depending on your preference) mechanics then by all means, get this game, if not, maybe avoid it (or atleast at full price.)As for my recommendation, in all honesty, i wish Steam offered a neutral option, as it truly isn't a bad game, and recommendations are more often than not seen as a Metacritic style score/rating of either 10 or 0, which it isn't."
,Recommended,428550,31871925,Posted: 20 May,all,Ｒａｄｉａｎｔ ★,Very nice game
,Recommended,428550,23811857,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DESGAIZU,"2D souls esc game, ♥♥♥♥ing great!"
,Recommended,428550,34568572,Posted: 28 August,all,Happy Carrots,boobie witch
76561198045373162,Recommended,428550,23651523,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Nomad Scavenger,Wolf's easy guide to fighting giant Undead Witches.Step 1. Locate giant undead witch.Step 2. Locate said witch's chest.Step 3. Hit chest repeatedly with leaf.Step 4. ????Step 5. Profit!10/10.100/100.Best game.BEST GAME!Like 2D Dark Souls with cute waifu material.
,Recommended,428550,21621857,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zen | BDNation,buttery smooth platformer
76561198054496580,Recommended,428550,21625349,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,blueleaf,fun stuff.
,Not Recommended,428550,34401002,Posted: 21 August,all,Kalthramis,"Crashed 3 times in the first 40 minutes of play. Sound effects attempt to be 'old fashion' bit noises, but miss the mark and are just clunky and hard on the ears. Gameplay isn't as tight as you'd expect and the game suffers from 'well I'll just sit here and range it to death.' First 3 bosses are all unimaginitve and unintersting, and are more frustrating as they just force you into corners with invisible walls or one shot you with the game's clunky i-frames.The art is absolutely amazing, but the rest of the game does not stand up."
,Recommended,428550,21633381,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,S A M O I L,This game soo amazing  10/10 - samoil
76561197989810834,Recommended,428550,21623760,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sterski,Why oh why did I choose hard mode?
,Not Recommended,428550,29208291,Posted: 12 January,all,AstralReturn,"I had fun with the game, for a while.  If you have $10 you want to spend on a game that takes less than 5 hours to get the full experience of, then go for it, but the game just has too little substance.What I liked:-The art was good, as well as the animation-The difficulty was well done throughout the game, it never felt too hard or too easy-The gameplay was fun, and fast pacedWhat I disliked:-The story didn't feel like a story made for the game, more like something that was an afterthought of the gameplay-The bosses were unbalanced compared to the rest of the game, two of them were far too difficult, where as the rest of them were as easy as the rest of the normal weak enemies-The game was far too short, if I hadn't bought it durring the winter sale, I would have been far more upset-The pacing is really off, the game starts off far too slow, then gets fast paced far too quickly, then it suddenly gets slow again midway through, only to end suddenly, right when I was finally getting into itAll in all I don't see why this game has as good of reviews as it does, the game is fine enough, but not 97% of the reviews being positive good."
,Recommended,428550,22132817,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"Finally, a game tagged with Metroidvania that actually is one.Bonus, the pixel art is very well done.  You stop even noticing the pixels with a lot of the scapes.The only strong gripe I have against this game is the length.  It's more of a long demo of a game than what feels like a fully fleshed out experience."
,Not Recommended,428550,29383038,Posted: 20 January,all,killkenny,"In a short term, I would recommend the title, but it has some flaws as well.and beware, this is no ordinary platform genre.The positive aspect of the title is the art style and challenging platform design.aaannnd that's about it.from looking at the art styles and cats, it reminded me of Shantae and Castlevania.but nope. just nope nope nope.The atmosphere is way darker than what I expected, and this is where the downside of the title kicks in.There simply isn't narration nor character development.There are great potentials of how both protagonists and antagonists develop stories, but the writing andlack of interactions with characters fail to do so.Having more scenario would have made the title more completed.Due to lack of narration, the completion of the title is not as satisfying as it should be.In addition to unfinished plot, soundtrack is not convincing. and lack of variation in gameplay.Even though there are numbers of items, only few are used and lacking in enemy designs do not help with the matter.In conclusion, I would recommend the title at a certain price, but it provides a unsatisfactory experience at the end."
,Not Recommended,428550,35100268,Posted: 21 September,all,Spare Tuna,Can't say it any better than the reviews by DEATH and CyperAleksi. Those reviews are spot-on to my experience.
,Recommended,428550,21618986,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sirylcat,Quite a masterpiece of an indie platformer.
,Not Recommended,428550,29314410,Posted: 17 January,all,Dige,"On a score out of ten, I'd give this game a six and I wouldn't recommend it. Read after the break to find out why.*Graphics (8.5/10):I'm not going to cut corners here. This game is quite pretty. A lot. For a sprite based game the characters are detailed. The environments are awesome. And the effect layer over all of this is great to look at. The item sprites are less good (I'm looking at you Magnet Stone, aka grey pizza), but hey, thats not why I gave it an 8.They fade to black on a few tranistions for far too long. The title screen was bland and other than ""press start"" didn't have a whole lot going for it. Some of the background sticks out and I contemplated interacting with nothing. And some important items were left behind due to actual interactables sometimes being covered with grass.*Story (5/10):I honestly wanted a little bit more. I'm going to spoiler the whole next section to avoid spoilers and get straight to the nitty gritty. If you want a spoiler free review, check the conclusion of this section.As an additional note, this is the first game of the series that I played, and by no means did I 100% the game, but I did get to the credits, and I'll explain why this is in the conclusion as well.Starting off, we have the silent protagonist. And not one that is actually silent mind you. But we just don't know what she's saying, and we're left to guess what's implied. Most of the main characters I met on the way were very Mary Sue/Stu. They had one motive. And most of them died.Your motive is to save your village. Thats it. You make a neat friend on the way. A knight girl. You even help her kill a mad arsonist demon. But she dies in the end. And has little to say to you other than plot device stuff.The villains that I did run into had absolutely no story to themselves, although a couple of them did have a one liner or two.Heroes: ""omg this place corrupt, did u kno that? ur a little girl. don't die""Villains: ""u cant stop me/us.""Excuse me? Did I not just tear through hordes of monsters, and here I stand in the last level for you to tell me to ""be safe""? Why? I mean, okay but wow.No notes or literature in the whole game. Other than the sparse text boxes from the few NPCs you run into you don't get a whole lot to digest.Most NPCs have 1 -2 coversations. Some have 3. Some, you don't actually talk to. You just get a passing by text box ""why me?"" or the infamous ""make it stop"". Classic.In conclusion, I went in wanting cool story, and got very little. If you're looking for more than a reason why you're doing all this, look elsewhere. If there is more story in post game, or inside different difficulties, I rather doubt it would have been enough to keep me here for that reason alone.*Sound (7/10):Most of the music was good. I rather enjoyed the music inThe White Rose Garden Place. Sound effects for the most part felt satisfying. I do wish I had a way to spammewing as a cat. None of the music hit me really hard to the point I would look it up later, or add it to a playlist. Ah well.*Gameplay (6/10):This is what most people want when they play this game. When I was looking into it I didn't go in blind. I'm no fanboy of the souls games, but I am a person who enjoys a good amount of difficulty. I'll talk about difficulty first, then get into mechanics.Most of the bosses in this game have A LOT. OF. HP. If you do not upgrade your damage, you will be very sorry. Possibly. You fight with a leaf. And you are sometimes fighting a colassus harbinger of plague and scourge. So keep that in mind. I see a lot of people throwing around the ""Fake"" difficulty trope a good amount, but not explaining why this game has false difficulty. I'll do my best to explain why this is.Reasons this game is falsely difficult: Being poisoned can kill you. You can kill yourself with items that ""sacrifice HP"". Most bosses have 100x the health of trash mobs in the area. Beating bosses without getting hit rewards you with awesome loot, but going into this game blind, you may or may never know. Some enemy placement is quite unique, but if I can just dash by everything after a certain point, then whats the problem? There were traps that reset just to troll kill you (and honestly killed me far more times than monsters). Some monsters with ""tells"" (before they will big attack) for some reason have a lag between the tell and action. They make take a few steps and then attack, or not. All bosses have 5 different attacks or fewer. They also tossed in the mob with the ol' many copies but one does a different thing. Lasers. Tracking missiles. Arrows never have hit-stun even on small mobs.WHEW. Alright. So it didn't go outside the box with any of the bosses. The final boss hasthree forms like any final boss shouldand more or less was not very impressive. One miniboss had two attacks.All in all this game has just a few sections.One intro level. Four content levels. A small pitstop. And the final level.And the content levels were small. And the elevators unskippable (and sometimes a trap, and there is no way to get off that ride.).Actual game play mechanics? Not bad, but nothing new. Double jump. Dodge roll. Melee. Ranged.Air dash/dodge with a 1 sec cooldown.The biggest plus?Playing as a cat and skipping literally everything due to 2.5x movespeed. Ducking under most projectiles. And having a very tiny hitbox. Just for the sacrifce of arrows.***Conclusion:Would I recommend this game? No. Only because it isn't one I could tell a friend about. The story was severely lacking. The places to go and explore were sparse. The collectibles were just bugs. And the boss fights were just meeting par. This game doesn't break any molds. It feels like a lot of buildup, but for a sad fart at the end and nothing but plain bread in the middle."
,Not Recommended,428550,30327207,Posted: 4 March,all,Loathe,"as much as this game is nice and all, its extremely short and content just seems limited or unfinished. as for the price, for 5$ more you can buy Hollow Knight which is a massive content-wise game and gameplay beyond its initial price. this game doesnt give that sense of satisfaction but enough to not get a refund."
76561198003770249,Not Recommended,428550,29389570,Posted: 20 January,all,Honeybees,"Fell in love with this game instantly, so pretty. Then quickly fell out of love with it once I started playing.I chose the normal difficulty, it said the setting was for peoiple that are used to side scrollers. I have beaten most of the old 2D Metroid games and the GBA castlevanias, so I figured this was my mode. But instead it was more like a hard mode. Fine whatever, I can Switch to easy mode, instead of playing stealth brag normal mode.Switched to easy, and it was waaay to easy. Like, special kid in a helmet easy. Blech."
,Not Recommended,428550,28743661,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ill_Koala,"I don't mean to be the odd one out in opposition to overwhelmingly positive reviews, but I can't recommend this game. A few minutes in, I thought it would be cool, but as I played (albeit for 14 minutes) I found this game horribly underwhelming. One of the features the game is sold in is ""combo, dodge, and skewer enemies with arrows""- by that, it means (up until the point I played) use the same 3 hit combo, alongside the one variation (a jump attack) to slowly pummel your enemies, roll in a weak attempt to dodge, but probably roll into and get damaged by another enemy despite your efforts, and charge your arrows for what feels like half a minute to shoot and have your efforts be of any use (otherwise, you shoot one arrow that deals minimum damage). Besides that, theres the issue with painfully unpolished dialogue. Most games like this will have at least a couple different lines of dialogue for you to read or listen to when you interact with NPCs, but most in the game only have one from what I've found. There's even one priestess who'll ask you to donate 15 munni (which in this game is kind of a lot, considering farming feels like it takes ages and has little usefulness in the end), and will guilt trip you if you say no, but will just ask again with no change of dialogue if you say yes. Alongside that, I swear the bossfights are easier the standard enemies who'll just surprise, flank, or attack you even if you dodge. After one boss fight, with full health I literally got killed by a damn floating skull. Not to mention, given the uneven and sparse placement of save points, if you die in combat (which is even easier to do than in Dark Souls) you lose everything you earned since the last save, and chances are you'll end up painfully far away so that you'll need to traverse the monotonous terrain again just to get back to where you were and potentially die again. Now don't get me wrong, I like the art style, but if you have to stare at the same place for an extended period of time because you're constantly dying for little to no reason, you get over the beauty and realize lack of inspiration and recurring patterns in the gameplay.I'm pretty sure I'm missing out on some pretty cool stuff, if not interesting plot later in the game, but for once I just can't bring myself to get over everything that bothers me about the game."
,Recommended,428550,21621432,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dasginosis,F*ck it! Time to die endlessly again and again.
,Not Recommended,428550,28669910,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,the end?,"I got this game in a previous sale, and rather quickly returned it. It's not like the game is terrible, but it just didn't feel fun at all. The sound design was awful, which really put me off, and the combat was too jarring at first. None of the pieces ever really came together for me, even after the first three bosses. The visuals were nice, but otherwise I didn't find much to like here."
,Not Recommended,428550,24016459,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,KushCabbage,"Im gonna be honest here, I really liked the art style from the screenshots so I decided to buy, but I am having no fun. I expected a MegaMan X/Shovel knight speed and platforming, but the game is much slower and more calculated. I cant call this a bad game, but I found it slow and dull. (The art style is still apealing however)"
76561198357826866,Not Recommended,428550,34136796,Posted: 9 August,all,make love no war,"I like the protagonist. She's cute.However, I have to say that the control is terrible. A for jump and Q for roll. What kind of idiot designed that? Whenever I found specific movements were necessary, I just stood still right where I was or just conducted the unwanted move because I pressed the wrong button, thanking to which I was stupidly killed for many times and IT'S NOT MY FAULT!Another annoying thing is that I would lose my HP when I accidentally touched the monster and it was not even attacking me!!! Like... I just walked to a friendly monster or landed on a sleeping witch, why the hell do I get hurt?!  How vulnerable my girl is? This rule is very inhumane!!!Please do develop on this game."
,Recommended,428550,34163054,Posted: 11 August,all,Frendle,"Amazing game.  The gameplay is precisely tuned, controls feel great, and the difficulty falls under ""tough but fair"".  This reminds me of Castlevania Symphony of the Night in a lot of ways - it's basically like if you took that game, made it more challenging, and filled the game with cute pixel girls.Progress generally revolves around figuring out the correct sequence of moves and attacks to best get through each segment, then perfecting it as you travel around getting the things you need to progress and getting various powerups.  It's difficult to just brute force the game, and instead it requires a bit of thought, in addition to some reflexes and precision.If you like metroidvania style platformers, then this game will satisfy your needs."
,Not Recommended,428550,23954590,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Phil Mastro,"Although it's not a terrible game, part of the reason I wouldn't recommend this game is based on its overwhelmingly positive reviews. I just don't think it's that good, and I think its score should reflect that.Let's start with the good. The game is beautiful. The character animations are wonderful, and the designs are great. It's a Metroidvania game, and any Metroidvania is better than no Metroidvania.Sadly, everything else kinda peeves me. The controls aren't bad, but I always seem to be running into enemies. The double-jump's second jump is painfully short. The active frames for the attacks in the 3-hit combo are very short, and enemies often sneak in between attacks and hit you. The range of the melee attack is a bit dire, and the 3-hit combo makes the main character move forward, which can make her fall into pits or walk into enemies between hits. I can't seem to get the timing for the 3-hit combo right without mashing the attack button.Most of the areas are dark, which makes enemies and traps hard to see, which feels cheap. Enemy damage is kinda nuts, for most of the game 2 hits is enough to kill your character, which makes the tiny health upgrades seem useless. Walking into enemies doesn't hurt, but jumping on them does. Enemies spam projectiles from way off-screen, which is super lame. Boss fights are practically impossible using melee attacks, but easy (but painfully long) with ranged attacks. The game is pretty short, at about 4 hours for a playthrough.I always feel bad slagging a game like Momodora, because the devs' hearts are in the right place. I feel like a few small adjustments could have made the game much less frustrating. If you are looking for a good Metroidvania, I would go for Guacamelee before buying this game."
76561197961618697,Not Recommended,428550,28538964,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,neworest,"I'm a lot into platformers, especially in metroidvania style (eg. all 2D-castlevanias, Ori and the blind forest, but also Indie games like Lyle in Cube Sector, Within A Deep Forest, Doukutsu Monogatari). I do not like this one though. The tiles/background pixelart is inconsistent, sometimes on a good level, at (most) others very average or less. Same goes for the characters - some have a very good style and are fluently and naturally animated, while others, especially normal enemies, look boring. There's some ambient music and some piano pieces, but none of them offers a catchy theme/tune. Biggest problem is the gameplay. The character movement feels stiff, slow and boring... and somewhat wrong. Enemy movement patterns are also stiff and monotonous. Their projectiles show some variation, but aren't very challenging. Unfortunately, there was no relevant story to make the 3-4 hours of gameplay somewhat enjoyable. All in all, this game shows some good elements, which could use some technical improvements in all categories (graphics [improve consistent colour keys, learn to develop more creative, unique designs, for example by studying different art styles and combining them], music [don't just play chords and scales up and down; improve theme melodies that are implemented in different variations], controls [improved fluency], gameplay [more diverse enemy movement], storytelling [show the story by the help of events, don't just tell it] )..."
76561197990706414,Not Recommended,428550,23258724,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,psqr,"The game's graphical style is okay, and its exploration is mediocre for a Metroidvania style game. The mechanics are simultaneously imprecise and unforgiving, with combat that feels sloppy and ungratifying. The NPCs each tell you a few lines when you talk to them, and the lines feel shoe-horned in with no particular rhyme or reason. The enemies are fairly varied, and have a good mix of styles. The bosses are unimaginative and frustrating. Finally, the sound quality varies a lot, but never gets better than “average for 1995”, and frequently so bad that you’ll want to mute it (the character death and mage magic sounds in particular)."
,Not Recommended,428550,32056318,Posted: 29 May,all,Fancy Pantsy,"Woooooooooo.I like to describe myself as a really picky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because I find it really difficult to enjoy a lot of games. Seeing the flaws in games is one of my favourite things to do which goes hand-in-hand with my really picky tastes. Now enter Momo4a which has little-to-no flaws for me to complain about being accompanied with some of the most beautiful pixel art and polished gameplay imaginable. Naturally, I love the ever-loving crap out of this game. But why am I giving it a negative review? Because it has arguably one of the worst plots I've ever played through, and this was the straw that broke the camel's back for me.Momo4a is the fourth installment in the Momodora franchise but has little connection to its previous games since it's a prequel of sorts. Playing as a priestess named 'Kaho', who is of course neither Momo or Dora. Story-wise there's a lot to be desired. A basic plotline of 'Save your village from the curse by getting the Queen's help!' sets you into a good adventure that'll last you about 5-6 hours in your first playthrough. There is almost nothing when it comes to a story in this game, items yield brief descriptions of what they come from and/or what they do, boss-specific items tell you literally nothing about the boss itself and how it originated, large amounts of locations seem relatively unaffected by the apparent 'curse' in this game. ""OH BUT YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY LOOKED LIKE BEFORE THEY WERE CORRUPTED!"". Please, it's ridiculous when you go to the garden area for it to still look like a normal garden with any form of corruption to it at all. Same with other locations in the game, for example, the dungeon emerged in water would probably still look how it was in the game without the so-called curse that's ruining everything.On another note, the bosses. The bosses make up the main real 'plot' of this game when enemy-types that don't really fit are shoved all over the place (seriously, a floating catgirl with a scythe in a submerged dungeon?). Some characters seem somewhat fitting in place of the story, Pardoner Fennel & Archpriest Choir made some relative sense when you put two-and-two together. But other bosses were just wildly out of place. An unnamed angel boss which served no purpose except to show off a mimic/ghost mechanic that literally only it could use the entire time, Lubella the giant blue demon lady who showed up a total of two times (more than anybody else the entire game) and then seemingly disappeared which makes you wonder 'Why didn't she die during the first fight?'. Lastly the Derelict ghost duck that shows up once serving no plotpoint at all except 'So this location can have a boss fight.' These three bosses among a few others were so useless and honestly could of easily been tied in with the rest of the story. And I mean a whole lot more than just 'oh thank god they died!'. Where did they come from? Who & What are they? What do they have to do with the curse?This all adds up and emersion or any form of engrossing yourself into the game takes a massive hit because of it. While yes, the locations are pretty, they don't look remotely destroyed or cursed in the slightest, half the bosses barely fit into the narrative and even some of the enemy types just don't match their environment.Good gameplay is lovely, fantastic even, with an amazing soundtrack and beautiful world, it's easy for anybody to love this game. But it's so difficult to enjoy it when you have these red flags stopping you from being engaged with the game."
76561197996568827,Not Recommended,428550,29610857,Posted: 31 January,all,Emperor Cool,"Fun game like the third game, sadly the developers decided to screw over gamers using PS4 controllers. It works in Momodora III but in Reverie under the moonlight it doesn't even work even if you set it on controller. Please fix this silly nonsense."
,Not Recommended,428550,33240940,Posted: 4 July,all,cardomajig24,"Momodora:Reverie Under the Moonlight claims to be a metroidvania that takes a priestess named Momo through a dying world to defeat the dark powers that rot the land she lives in.What it does is manages to feel and be less linear than other games but I feel is more or less  the same but with more backtracking. The combat and level design is what really drives me away though. The enemies are very slow and telegraphed and instead of simply making tougher, more bosslike enemies, there are multiple haphazardly crammed in rooms, jumping around and firing projectiles, to which one might say ""use your ranged attack."" To that I ask why? Why balance the difficulty of your game around boring ranged combat? Ori and the Blind Forest did this and it makes combat feel boring and uninvolved. Sometimes you're just supposed to outright ignore enemies. So in the end, this game is for people that like Momodora and its previous iterations, so if you liked 1&2 you'll like this game, if you didn't, you won't like this one. It's that simple."
76561197991351795,Not Recommended,428550,26547053,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TjMaelstrom,Criminally short and way too simple. Map is incredibly tiny and exploration is very underwhelming. Combat is dull and repetitive. Nothing about this game is rewarding. Metroidvania fans should not buy into the hype.
,Not Recommended,428550,25937254,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MikoHyena,"Way too short to justify the price.If you're wondering about my playtime, I left it on overnight. Twice."
,Not Recommended,428550,26512428,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dead Baby Jokes,"I am not very fond of the fighting elements, very short attack distance and very unforgiving. The roll mechanic just seems to roll you right into enimies and cause you damage. This happens constantly, lots of frustrating deaths.  I am always looking for a good metroidvania but this game didn't scratch the itch for me, inspite of the fact that everyone else seems to really like it."
,Recommended,428550,21620643,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Prowlingmonkey,So far so cute
76561198078138235,Recommended,428550,28796636,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Flowslikepixelz,Spoilers : Kaho dies.
76561198043443141,Not Recommended,428550,30677699,Posted: 22 March,all,RageMonster,"If you are looking for something like Castlevania, don't stop here. This is not the game you are looking for. It is also poorly checkpointed, and the storyline isn't satisfying."
,Not Recommended,428550,29306011,Posted: 16 January,all,Kurumi=life,"the art style is amazing but you just can't play this game without a controller... this game belongs on a 3DS not PC...i don;t want to give this game a No, but the control and the blackbar next to the gameplay is just too annoying."
76561197991085701,Not Recommended,428550,24146421,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ferden,95% completion in 4 hours. Game controls are kind of annoying - full animations must finish before next animation can begin. So you can't quickly dodge even though you can see the attack coming. Healing and other items have a timer that seems very slightly unreasonable.Overall 4/10. Buy on sale or don't bother.
,Not Recommended,428550,24886772,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MrVariant,"The difficulty spikes way too much after the 1st boss as I show in this videohttps://youtu.be/SZ3GnMzl2GUI honestly like the graphics and attacks (Charge with bow, sword attack and double jump), but sadly they have wizards firing through walls and 2 shots kill you, so it's impossible for me to fight these wolves while dodging wizard blasts, especially when they are out of range; they're cheaper than Mario's Hammer Bros. The roll doesn't really help much as you are fighting wolves in the meantime. You are also vulnerable for a moment while trying to heal and the healing item is only good for recovering 1 hit, making it completely pointless if a wizard is gunning for you when you use it."
76561198178125274,Not Recommended,428550,33549662,Posted: 14 July,all,Knightslayer,Horrible mappingthats it im not touching this
76561198076364963,Not Recommended,428550,23853948,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,quathle88,"WHY IS THIS GAME SO HIGHLY RECOMMENDED? I mean sure its beautful, but the gameplay feels awful.I started off with, okay this got rave reviews, lets give it some time to get good.Then just trying to power through it until it gets good.Then deciding most of the positive feedback is from the second boss fight.This is coming from someone that generally loves metroidvania btw."
,Not Recommended,428550,22155145,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"You can only take two hits before you die. If you're going to be THAT rude, you should at least give me something as mechanically interesting as Volgarr at the very least. Castlevania-level quality would be nice but that game didn't need to two-shot you to be interesting.Momodora Reverie just is not at that level.It's bog-standard with only a couple of tricks: Lifted from Dark Souls was a silly refillable health potion and other buff items system that really isn't necessary outside of a Souls-style game (Insultingly, the refillable health potions don't refill enough of your health to undo the one hit you can take. But they aren't slow enough that you have to stop the fight to heal like you did in Souls. Why not just double my anemic health bar?). Worse, you have a roll. Don't get me wrong, if you're making an action game like Shank, Dishwasher, Streets of Fury, Aces Wild etc, a roll is welcome. But Momodora is closer to a low-budget two-hit-kill Mega Man than any of those games, and your roll never feels right*, it never ends up in the right position, and, combined with the ridiculous forward momentum on the melee, the combat feels graceless and greasy.Oh, and that's all you do. Because like Momodora 3 the levels are just there to give you stuff to hop over, a bit like Kirby only less fun.*Of course, thinking about it, your character's sprite is massive. There's no way you're dodging between or around ANY shots beyond one or two, so of course we need a roll with iframes rather than let you duck and weave like any other Mega Man-esque game."
,Not Recommended,428550,21770938,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,*^SaoSin^*,"NOW CONTAINS 100% PLAYTHROUGH WITH BAD END.I really hoped that my point of view would've changed with time. I thought that adding more story and complexity could've worked out good for this game, and it did. Since the previous Momodoras were lacking only these. Although covering up this hole, digged up another hole. This time immeasurable for me. This game is completelly diffrent from her older sisters.At first everyone will notice that this Momodora is rather silent, it gives straight feeling that our adventure wont be happy this time. Ambients and low vibes of enviroment are the only sounds to be expected for quite a bit, this game is not energetic anymore. Unlucky for you if you want to play hard mode for bigger challenge, you will get frustrated by this ""silent aspect"" rather quickly. You die in 3 hits on hard and each section demand precision then, as a result ambients only frustrate you, because they make you more nervous instead of relaxing you. That was not a problem before. Conecting to this mood Momodora was usually cheerful, this time it is sad and sends only chill with melancholy down your spine. Each character you will meet along is giving you more of these negative emotions, they are desperate without hope, meanwhile others just becoming mad and posessed.I am cursing a lot during sessions with this game. Especially further in the game with RNG Water Bats which are going to be my worst nightmare from this game... popping out randomly from screen sides sometimes making me unable to leave section. Niiiice, death spikes are annoying. Save points are rare, thats good. Enemies are variant and sometimes surprising, but difficulty is not nicely balanced. Saying shortly - hitboxes. Few things are killing instantly few taking half of your hp sometimes, activating immortal mode is fun by taking hits from stepping into enemies it works great with bosses but not with other things RNG as hell. Attack from behind insta death. Boss patterns half RNG you cant predict what skill order they will use mostly. It is better to rush them. Final Bosses are damn dissapoitment, they have slow patterns without RNG.~~I finished whole game and I feel nothing. Its prolly because of bad end which was explained in 2 sentences, kicking me out to menu. I dont get it was that suppose to motivate? I will clean the map for 100% prolly with solution since this does not explain anything. Play time 7 Hours.Summing up I still like the game dont get me wrong. Its mysterious and you want to know more. You want to be that priestess in Game World who still has hope for saving everyone. I am being intrigued but not satisfied anymore by getting through the Game World even if it is still beautiful. Soundtrack lost energy and magic, and that is killing my joy not the difficulty I've chosen. BTW Still no swimming animations *smile*."
,Not Recommended,428550,21827136,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lynn⛧,Way too short. Barely any exploration. Bosses that seemed random and didnt fit with the flow of the story. Tedious rooms. Found out about warp far too late having to run around and check every dead end to see if the key I got was for that door. Basically feel like I wasted my time. The game had potential but it lacked any substance at all. I am extremely disappointed.
,Not Recommended,428550,23246440,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,MetalOverlord,This game was recomended for me from Dust: An Elysian Tail and Ori and the Blind Forest. It was not realy what I was looking for. If you like games that are more of platformers I would not recomend this game.
76561198063326640,Not Recommended,428550,22710414,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,dark-hero-18,"This game sure is a 'Metroidvania' with a heavy touch of 'Dark Souls'But even Dark Souls is, to some extend, FAIR.On 'Normal':The first enemies almost 2-hit you. Rolling behind shield-bearers almost never work, because they switch their own direction almost instantly.And you have to have God-like reaction speed, because the enemies announce their attack in less than a fraction of a second.Oh and did I mentioned INSTANT-KILL SPIKE TRAPS, which are very easily overlooked sometimes?Checkpoints are as rare as Shiny-Pokemon.'Easy-Mode' isn't any better.You LITERALLLY get your health maxed out, so the health-upgrades you collect are useless. Why bother exploring?I don't understand all the positive reviews for this game. Do I just suck or what?"
,Not Recommended,428550,33032479,Posted: 30 June,all,MegaTrace,Good game but WAY too expensive for a 2 hour game.
,Not Recommended,428550,23813309,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ok,"It's really kind of boring to be straight with you. I played for a little bit and I was pretty disappointed in its gameplay. Just like every other 2D sidescroller dungeon crawler (except for terraria). If you like those games, go ahead! Good story and amazing art, just not too original.(Really all I'm asking for is a refund ;-;)"
,Not Recommended,428550,25078506,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,rock hard and fully chubbed,"*dont even read my review, because i hate the game that you fanboys love*if you like torturing yourself with one-hit kill spikes and abysmal level design, this is the game for you. im sorry but i dont hate myself enough to force myself to endure this tormentTL;DR - IF YOU HATE YOURSELF, BUY THIS GAME, YOU'LL LOVE ITgo ahead and say that this is a bad review just because it's a negative review for a game that you love for any reason that you can just barely grasp on. and you know what? you guys may be right. this may be a good metroidvania game. it might have cool story or characters or progression or whatever. but as a person who REALLY wanted to enjoy this game, i just couldn't do it.maybe sometime in the future where i can actually feel good for myself for outplaying a boss, and not by spamming roll and the bow.maybe sometime in the future where i can actually use some controls that i feel good about usingmaybe sometime in the future where i am given a bit of leeway when it comes to jumping or fightingmaybe sometime in the future where the levels are actually fun to go through, not just another level filled with enemies placed in annoying locations, platforms placed in annoying locations, and items placed in annoying locations behind INVISIBLE ENEMIES that attack you while defenseless because of a dialogue box that is unskippablebut as it is right now, this game is just a god damn torture simulator. i couldn't force myself to enjoy it for anything that it is worth."
76561198022617683,Not Recommended,428550,31339000,Posted: 24 April,all,noodlecake,"I'm really surprised by all the positive reviews. I bought this on release and it's the only game I have ever asked for my money back on. While it looks fantastic, and the platform feels fairly tight, there are some infuriating design choices. You're constantly being shot at by things off screen, and most of the projectiles pass through scenery so there are just projectiles coming from all over the place seemingly at random.The difficulty curve doesn't seem to be a curve at all. It starts off incredibly hard. There were other issues that I can't remember. I bought this around release day and onlyplayed for about an hour.I generally love these kinds of games, especially when they look this good. I've played all of the popular PC Metroidvanias and loves pretty much all of them:Owlboy, Cave Story, Guacamelee, Spelunky, Dust: An Elysian Tale, Hollow Knight.Granted, expecting games to be as good as the best examples I've played is pretty unfair. Like expecting other AAA RPGs to be able to match The Witcher 2 or 3 in terms of quality, but I felt like some of the design choices in this were game breakingly frustrating."
,Not Recommended,428550,24073078,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,BLACK SCIENCE MAN,Not good
,Not Recommended,428550,26457495,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,darkbochi,I was expecting something like Momodora 3 but it turned out to be Dark Souls.
,Not Recommended,428550,24149920,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Techbane,I was expecting Anime Castlevania.What I got wasYOU DIED
,Not Recommended,428550,29276390,Posted: 15 January,all,schpeltiger,"If you're looking for a good, fun action platformer, please look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,428550,24360579,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,monoculo_jim,"30 minutes in some vendor offers you an artifact that basically tells you where every secret in the map is.Sorry but if I wanted to have my hand held like that I'd buy a AAA game, at least the graphics would be better."
76561198018223355,Not Recommended,428550,30846723,Posted: 30 March,all,Dr Wilbur,Xbox one coltroler with direct imput only. Not a PC game.Xbox controler emulator didn't solved the problem.
,Not Recommended,428550,33304763,Posted: 6 July,all,Pavel Pate,"it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the levels are just straight hallways sometimes with a staircase or pit always with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ post-processing effect. the enemies are either a fat guy who contact damages you with his gut, fat guy with homing attacks, or fat guy with bombs. boss include qualaag ripoff but centipede, big ♥♥♥♥♥ witch, boredom,etc. if you want good metroidvania get hollow knight or salt & sanctuary. if you want to masturbate to anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥s like %100 of positive reviewers get a life. Sad!"
76561198322314335,Not Recommended,428550,26482219,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Adolf Queefler,"Not bad, but not good.  Would rather have my money back."
,Not Recommended,428550,34093405,Posted: 7 August,all,Dahnyull,"I don't normally write reviews, but I feel like I should for something that's getting so much praise that I hated almost instantly. Everything hurts you. Everything. Got to get close to hit an enemy? Too bad, it randomly decided to do its dodge move towards you and does full damage. If I'm going to successfully dodge every attack an enemy does, but die anyway because it shoulder bumped me 3 times while I was trying to get in range, the game is getting flushed.Edit: Get Dead Cells instead. It's better than Momodora in literally every category."
,Not Recommended,428550,23802907,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,thatsage,"No widescreen. For a game released in 2016, I don't see a legitimate reason."
,Recommended,428550,23246033,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sнɔʀᴊɔк,"This little gem of a game was something I bought on a whim out of curiosity- the game looked nice enough and it was cheap. It's truly a masterpiece; the graphics are gorgeous, movement and combat is fluid and gracefully executed, the bosses are fantastic [and challenging], the music is lovely and well fitted to the atmosphere of the game, and the NPC's as few as they are are lovable. The only real complaint is that the game is rather short and I desperately want more. Works best with a controller. Buy this game."
76561198025434087,Recommended,428550,30677401,Posted: 22 March,all,robertdrake910,"This is a solid metroidvania that doesn't mess around when it comes to combat difficulty.  You'll be dying right from the start unless you focus and get your attacks right.  The platforming tends to be easier, but is more punishing of mistakes with insta-kill spike pits.  That said the controls are very tight and responsive, so veteran platformers should have no problems.The game is very short, I completed my first run in only 5 hours after having collected nearly every secret in the game, but well worth the modest price tag.  It also has a new game+ feature which might just give you another 5 hours of fun.  Overall I'd certainly recommend this one if you have some free time on a weekend."
,Recommended,428550,30647373,Posted: 20 March,all,>K·§·A<´°Sþíké¸°°»»,"Takes me back to my Castlevania days, worth the play if you are into games like that with a little more story involved."
,Recommended,428550,30660161,Posted: 21 March,all,HighAF,"Great Game! The game play was smooth, the pixel graphics great and the difficulty was just right."
,Recommended,428550,30663112,Posted: 21 March,all,Aseemi,"Has well made characters, nice artwork as well as backgrounds, and responsive controls.Can be difficult, but it is fair. In general, a very good game and is now certainly one of my favorite platformers."
,Recommended,428550,30535655,Posted: 15 March,all,Respighi,"This installment in the Momodora series is easily the most polished and most fun of them all. The controls, when used with a controller, work very well and never cause any problems. The game can be satistfyingly difficult but never unfair. One of the game's strongest points is how artistic it is. Not only are the pixel graphics amazingly animated and beautifully executed, the color palette of Kaho matches with every area, and the use of color to enhance the environments makes it all the more nice to look at. The music in the game works wonders, too; there are some pretty tunes, and they contribute well to the atmosphere. Reverie Under the Moonlight is just my kind of game, and is one of my favorites I've played recently, both in terms of gameplay and art design."
,Recommended,428550,30604905,Posted: 18 March,all,Nico,"I don't have much to say about this game, other than simply stating the fact that this game has reached the spot of my #2 favourite game of all time.I love the artstyle, the animation is lovely, scenery is beautiful, soundtrack is breathtaking.This game is simply perfection10/10"
76561198044444896,Recommended,428550,30689861,Posted: 23 March,all,Volkazo,"Never played metroid or castlevania so can't compare. Playing with an XBox controller, plays perfectly. Game is fun, can play small or long sessions. Got it at 30% off but honestly the full price isn't exagerated I like the design, the sound, music. It's a great little game to have in your library if you miss NES/SNES era."
,Recommended,428550,30683299,Posted: 23 March,all,Velhenn Valron,"Amazing experience for the price. The 8bit soundtrack is excellent, nice atmosphere joining cute and sadness together.The game is really responsive and can be quite unforgiving at first.Dark Souls in 2D featuring kittings and zombies!"
76561198043782822,Recommended,428550,30494455,Posted: 13 March,all,P o p p y,"Definitely worth even more than it's price tag. A great mix between metroid and dark souls, which happen to be two of my favorite kind of games.Pros- Great visual/animation and sound design overall, some of the music is worth purchasing this game alone.- Gameplay - Mind you I've only played the 'Hard' diffuculty as I prefer a challenge, but the gameplay on hard is actually nothing like it would seem; your main weapon IS a leaf after all, how good could it be? It's amazingly fun.- Exploration is almost as rewarding as the first legend of zelda game. Once you get to the main area, you can go practically anywhere you feel like it, and you can go to the hardest of areas first if you desire so, and there's always a nice item once you clear an area.Cons- Storytelling is there... but it's kind of poorly done. I still honestly have a shoddy idea what the story about, but I get the gist.The character you play is is some kind of priest who came from her village to stop a curse from spreading, and the one causing the curse is some witch.Of course there's more to it than that likely told in game, but this is a little tl;dr.- On hard mode, FAR too many things one-hit kill you. This made some of the game feel like a chore. Still, it was my own choice to play on hard mode, so I don't 100% hold it onto the game.Overall, this is a wonderful game and I'm honestly a bit sad to see that not too many people have even heard of this.9/10 buy it rn"
,Recommended,428550,30692267,Posted: 23 March,all,Samao,"Beautiful visuals, excellent controls and satisfying combat mechanics make this game totally worth the price."
,Recommended,428550,30718880,Posted: 24 March,all,Blue Ϟ Lightning,I really wanted this game and it was exactly what I dreamed it would be-dark souls metroidvainia goodness
,Recommended,428550,21651424,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Toothpaste,Very atmospheric and challenging! Could not stop playing once I started. Highly recommended if youre a fan of Dark Souls and Castlevania
,Recommended,428550,21666784,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,silentscarlet,"Overall, I believe the game is worth the £6.99, and perhaps more.+ Art is very good+ Story is pretty decent+ Gameplay is easy to pick up+ Boss fights are fun and rewarding.0 The game is about 3 hours long with 97% map exploration (map exploration is the way the game describes your completion), but the game does offer a NG+ mode, and at least two different endings. I am still going to play this some more.- The way the game handles spikes can be frustrating. If you hit spikes, you are insta-dead.- Sometimes it's not clear where you're supposed to be going, only for you to find out that you have to backtrack."
,Recommended,428550,21667082,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mostly Safe,"A very fun metroidvania game that challenges you all throughout the game. It take a rather decent step away from Momodora III in most ways. Most notably is the art style. It's damn good. Everything looks fluid, colorful, and realistic for all animations making it a very pleasing to look at. Another change is the difficultly. I feel like the Dark Souls and Bloodborne was being played while making this game. The amount of dodge roll, the amount of damage you take, and the flower animation stand out to me the most but there are pleanty of other things you feel is very Dark Souls about the game and while 90% of other games try it as well, this is one of the few that does it right. Enemies feel placed in a way that punishes you for trying to rush and with the amount of damage that is done, on hard at least, makes you slow down to a steady pace that's neither too slow nor too fast. Another nice change of pace is the length of the game. Momodora III takes only 1-2 hours on your first run and can be speed runned under 10 minutes while Momodora 4 took me 5 hours on the first run and I'd imagine the speed run being around 30-40 minutes.My only real complaints is the music and the items. Most of the music is just ambiance that doesn't stand out except for bosses and 2 areas and while the boss music is okay, the area music is forgettable. I actually only remember 2 pieces and one of those is because I died like 15 times on a certain boss and the other was the final boss fights. My other complaint is how the items aren't exactly balanced and a lot do the same thing. There's like 5 ways to boost your attack but once you get to the end, you have a deadly dou combo that makes the game too much easier. I feel like Momodora III handled these two much better and hopefully in Momodora 5, we'll get a combonation of the two games.Overall, it's a huge improvement over Momodora III. If you're a fan of the series or have just looked at the game and thought ""that looks interesting"" then you won't be disappointed. Very solid 4/5"
76561198056165314,Recommended,428550,21664344,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,relcat,"Essentially, this game is amazing and quite the improvement over Momodora 3!"
,Recommended,428550,21659916,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jacob,Fantastic game just like the previous game before it!
76561198044713781,Recommended,428550,21660179,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,EmperorZephyr,"Quite a few reviews appear to be comparing this game to Dark Souls and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. I would say this is only partially correct: I honestly find it more akin to Bloodborne in setting, with its dark city riddled with plague and monsters.The game follows the short but sweet route: most gamers blitzing the game will find it only takes a few hours to see most of what it has to offer, and will probably hit the final boss of the game by the 4th or 5th hour mark if they do not spend a good deal of time grinding or gathering every ivory bug they may miss.However, each area is so beautiful its difficult to describe. No two places look alike, and although every area is not exceedingly large in scale, all of them utilize incredible sprite work to give each a wonderful personality.If  your a fan of explorative RPG platformers that prefer you see the ending a bit quicker than usual, this is a good game to give a shot. You won't spend as long as you may think in the city, but you will certainly remember it fondly for every dark corner you searched for lore and loot."
,Recommended,428550,21660767,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sleepy Snarf,"Beautiful is the only way i can describe this gem...Combat is simple yet complex, the music is just... gorgeous.It has my metroidvania fix that ive sought for quite sometime.Its cheap and very fun to play. do yourself a favor... buy this game."
76561198040721882,Recommended,428550,21673200,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kelgryn,The gameplay and art direction for this game are fantastic. I can't wait to see speedruns of it.
,Recommended,428550,24153257,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,LittleLuigi737,Yes. I'll be writing a more detailed Review when i got all the achievements.
76561198103706672,Recommended,428550,24179166,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,m0E_tv,"Short game but at the same time very enjoyable, if you have the cash to spend on a game then i suggest you buy this one"
76561198042139122,Recommended,428550,24175834,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,homeyscottman,Super Great! excellent sprite animation and pixel artwork. only about 6 hours long but so fun i immeadiatly started playing again to get all the Acheivements. So all in all i'd say an 8 hour game.
,Recommended,428550,24176036,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW,"This game is a great metroidvania with beatiful colors, sprites and music. While short, I felt like nothing was rushed and everything was fleshed out. Very difficult (on hard at least), but fun."
,Recommended,428550,24212058,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,teej,"This is game is a perfect improvement on Momodora III. It's one of my favorite indie games of all time. The other games were mostly a way to cope with the lack of Cave Story content left to be experienced, by playing a Cave Story-esque game, but Momodora:RUtM is its own game that really developed its own feel, away from Cave Story and other indie games. It's definitely worth the money. With multiple endings and plenty of secret collectibles, this game is far more than a linear adventure game. It's pretty much as open world as a platformer can get. I'd give this game a 9.5/10"
76561198140056203,Recommended,428550,24215120,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Jack B Nymble,"OS: Windows 10Played with: GamepadPlaytime:  5-6 hoursSolid platformer with excellent visuals (character design, backgrounds, animations). Challenging enough I often found myself dead outside the boss fights. Well worth the full asking price and a great deal if you find it on sale. Not much backstory beyond the occasional reference to how the Queen's curse spread to the protagonist's village. Character development is nonexistent but on the plus side you get to beat up enemies with a Maple leaf, sometimes while transformed as a cat.Momodora 1 and 2 appear to be freely available (unless you are feeling charitable) from the developers personal webpage:https://rdein.itch.io/Momodora 3 is available on Steam as well. Haven't played it yet, but planning on picking it up to see if it adds anything to the overall story."
,Recommended,428550,24215385,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PimPam,"The story's simple. A preistess whoes trying to save her land from a curse.The game looks really good.The platforming is simple. Not that many endlless pits and instant death spikes.The combat is easy. You can either slap enemies with your magical leaf or use your trusty bow and arrow, and you can dodge roll attacks.Music fits the area to me.It's a short game. You can beat it in about 3 hours if you're playing on the easy difficulty. 4 or 5 if you're trying to complete the map and on normal. Maybe a bit more if you're trying to get EVERY item and trying to beat it on the harder difficulties.I think this is a good game and also a good intro to metroidvania games for people who didn't really play those types of games."
76561197996323458,Recommended,428550,24217453,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mawootad,Amazing game.  Bit short but other wise 10/10.
,Recommended,428550,24219006,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Raz-Senpai,"A smooth and great platformer. It gives off dark souls vibe in how hard it is. The fighting system is great and I like how the game stops for a millisecond whenever you hit an enemy, Overall its a really good game if you wanted to get your platformer/Metroidvenia dose.It gave out what it set out to do if that makes sense lol."
76561197968547326,Recommended,428550,24196878,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,The Despair Uranus,"This is one of the rare games that actually does get better after the beginning.Try not to judge the game on the first couple of hours. Once you get past the dodgy hitboxes, uncomfortably stiff controls, enemies that only telegraph some of their attacks, a dodge roll that leaves you vulnerable to contact damage with enemies, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ambushes, two-to-three hit deaths, the lack of healing in the first two areas, envirnomental hazards that sometimes kill you and sometimes do nothing because you have to go through them, enemies who can surprise-lunge at you or hide their projectiles in the foreground objects, enemies that spam projectiles at you from offscreen, early bosses that rely on rote-memorization because they have more attacks that kill you out of nowhere than you have hit points...Well, once you get past that nonsense, it seems to be a fairly nice game. For some reason, the first two areas are significantly harder than the third and fourth. I nearly quit and tried to get a refund, but kept at it due to the reviews. The powerup that increases your max HP gives you an insultingly small amount, but unlocking healing items doubles your available HP. I'm not sure why the developer put all of that behind a wall of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Paid $10, fairly happy with it so far."
,Recommended,428550,24089472,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dzjontn,"Very nice 2D platformer with beautiful spritework and music.Definitely worth a try!Might be a bit hard, but it feels so good when you can get to the next savepoint.Glad I stumbled upon this gem.Simple but effective combat and plenty of items to collect and use."
76561197972348026,Recommended,428550,24089494,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lorc,"A combatcentric metroidvania with heavy souls influences. Very restrained in its systems, quality over quantity."
,Recommended,428550,24089903,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Luxury,"This is one of those games that I keep coming back to the store out of just pure curosity if I want it or not. I eventually cracked, bought it; now currently enjoying it. It's a bit short I've heard but other than that the overal game is gorgeous in its own right. Pixle art is amazing, the music matches with the scenery perfectly, characters are interesting enough to keep me playing, upgrades are entertaining and make me play more to see what I get later on. Overall, this game kinda gives me a bloodborne esque at one point, the broken decrepted backgrounds, the moody music to add with it; all in one complete game. I completely recommend this game, but sadly only for sale due to it being quite short I've heard. I give it a 8/10"
76561198119337654,Recommended,428550,24086968,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Parkreiner,Solid game. Controls are tight and the combat has a nice weight to it.
,Recommended,428550,24124033,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Acceptable Ghost,Solid metroid style game!
,Recommended,428550,24103320,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,xenoffense,"I've been trying hard to find games to fill my metrovania hole. This game came close, it was too short ultimately. Fun though. It's challenging even on normal, not salt and sanctuary challenging but challenging. I would have liked to to be longer and with more upgrades but you only get 4 or 5 notable upgrades and one (the upgrade to maple leaf) can be easily missed even though wheter or not you have it effects the ending you get!"
76561198169921233,Recommended,428550,24124344,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DarkLordTaterTot,This game is beautifully animated and has an exellent soundtrack but its also rather hard.This game has alot of similarites the Dark Souls with illusionary walls and limited healing items that only refill at limited check points. Dying is less forgiving in this game thoughGreat game if you like metroidvainia and/or challenging games
,Recommended,428550,24119540,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Arkaen,"This game feels great! It feels like a mixture of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Dark Souls. It's my understanding that there's more than just getting to the ending, so I'm very excited to continue playing and explore the world.I did a playthrough on normal, with my last Metroidvania experience being Symphony of the Night when I was a kid, and it took me about 7 hours. I was able to reach the final boss without any guides, but looked up extra information after killing the boss to help direct me to smaller bits of content I didn't notice."
76561198030666391,Recommended,428550,24338029,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nocturnushero,"Cute 2D Souls. Soundtrack is amazing, character models are great and the gameplay is well tuned! Only wish I could have more."
,Recommended,428550,24305013,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AlexWrench,"A short, lovely platformer-adventure. Beautiful environments, animations, and music complement an open level design full of shortcuts, secrets, and wildly creative bosses. Draws influence from Wonder Boy In Monster World, La Mulana, and good old Castlevania SoTN, with some quality-of-life touches courtesy of Dark Souls. Not a tough game on the first pass, but there's a new game+ and Insane difficulty for players looking for a little more.Lovingly crafted but never imposing, Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight is a solid game on all fronts. Highly recommended for ""Metroidvania"" junkies, or for anyone looking for a comfy platformer to round out their library."
,Recommended,428550,21659184,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NSman,"Art is great, combat is great, nice little Metroidvania.  Good game."
,Recommended,428550,21635501,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,NinjaPlanets,"Set it on hard mode for a very Souls-like experience (I know, you groaned after reading that, right? but seriously dude. SERIOUSLY.)  You'll get one or two shotted a lot, but it's a bit like Hotline Miami where you memorize the layout, come up with a plan, then execute it.  Feels extremely rewarding to hit that next save point that you fought so hard to get to."
76561197998184344,Recommended,428550,21635518,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TheXee,"I never really got into Dark Souls, and I think its because I wasn't a fan of really difficult games.  Momodora has disprovent that for me, by taking that format and applying it to the metroidvaina-style gameplay that I've always loved.Now, I've only played a little of it so far, but I can tell that this is going to be one of the games I go back to many times in the future.  Never is the game so difficult that its frustrating, but its far from easy.  They really did a good job of brining the idea that if you die, its your fault.  Ambushes have tells, traps have triggers, you'll be able to figure it out if you stop and assess a room before rushing right in.  Its a huge change of pace from normal metriodvanias, and it works well.One thing that helps it along is the tone.  A contrast of the bright, cutesy characters set across an opressive backdrop really blends well.  I feel that it helps keep from being too stressful, while at the same time making sure to keep you on your guard, that this isn't a game where you can just turn off your brain and blaze through it.You can see the love for both Dark Souls and Castlevania that went into this.  The developers unabashidly pull all sorts of gameplay elements from the two; from map layout, to the healing and combat mechanics, the map, even the setting itself.  But that's not bad by any means.  The game doesn't have any new gimmicks it wants to throw at you, and because of that, the developers were able to mesh tried and true mechanics and in the process, make something truely unique in the process.Also, its like, nine dollars.  Rarely are you going to see something with this level of polish for that cheap."
,Recommended,428550,21635973,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,安田月夜,"Souls like but not that hard(also contains difficulty settings); very good quality on its pixel art and won't let you miss anything should be saw (enemy and its attacks, background can be easily identified); and very good balance on play pacing.Very good game experience for me."
,Recommended,428550,21635021,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tobirama,its cool
,Recommended,428550,21682130,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,bikwin,I highly recommend that you use a widely accepted currency that is equal in value to approximately 10 US dollars to purchase the newly released electronic game Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight for the personal computer.
,Recommended,428550,21679199,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kerokronch,"Couldn't recommend this enough. Great game! It's only about 4 hours long but for 10 bucks thats about the right price. Gameplay feels great, awesome music as well. Looking forward to a sequel!"
,Recommended,428550,21676293,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tsuk13,"I've just started and I may update this review later but this is the biggest surprise of a game yet for me. This game feels sublime to play once you learn the combat and its tight deliberate mechanics. It is some of the closest I've come to that feeling the first time I played through Dark Souls of mystery challenge and perseverance. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys metroidvainias and Dark Souls. From the art to the gameplay, this is an indie masterpiece.Update after finishing: Took me about 3h30m for my first playthrough and iI have to say my only complaint about this game is I wish there was more for me to play which is not a bad thing and I felt like it was a good length for the pricetag. I have a feeling I may run through this game a few more times and maybe even check out speedrunning it. Loved this game highly recommended."
,Recommended,428550,21677111,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,motheatonn,"I'm not a reviewer, but here's what I liked about this game (cause it deserves attention and compliments!)This game is real good. It's cute and challenging, with a great atmosphere and design that just might prove how much the *Souls games lean on metroidvania mechanics - which are the two comparisons that can't be avoided here, I guess... On it's own, though, it's still a really well designed exploratory platformer with fairly tight combat and movement, compelling character and world design, and great music that compliments the scenery and action.Boss Fight Highlight: PARDONER FENNEL.Favorite Enemy: the floaty scythe flingers!"
,Recommended,428550,21677619,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Rogu Bogu,"A bite-sized Symphony of the Night, Momodora is an essential purchase for any lovers of that game or people who want to get into the genre but are strapped for time."
,Recommended,428550,21681286,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bill Teh Butcher,"soundtrack: 9/10gameplay: 10/10a bit short, but challenging and fun. best 8 bucks i've spent on steam in a loooooooong time"
,Recommended,428550,21681695,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,OniSuika,"A simple but wonderous game that took me completely by surprise. As the honest trailers and screenshots may indicate, this is a simple little Castlevania-inspired side scroller with some notable influences from other franchises, most clearly Megaman and Souls/Bloodborne. Gameplay feels tight and responsive with passive and active items allowing for a multitude of play styles, and the difficulty is unforgiving but fair, for the most part avoiding robbing you of large amounts of progress upon each death. The music and the charming visual design really bring together this great package, which is nothing short of a steal for its price, offering you a solid 5+ hour playthrough with some good reasons to replay. The Momodora franchise found itself a new fan in me with this game, and I wish it a successful future and more games like this one."
,Recommended,428550,21655130,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,TwilliK,"Very enjoyable metroidvania game. Run around, smacking people with a leaf, and probably dying a lot (unless you use some cheesy strats, which you probably don't need by the time you can use them anyway).Took about 4 hours to get the true ending with 100% map (but not 100% items, missed over half the bugs and at least one health upgrade), but they were 4 very enjoyable hours."
,Recommended,428550,21655164,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Muscle Moose,"It's pretty damn good.Having followed Momodora since the beginning, Reverie Under the Moonlight is a very welcome installment to the series. It introduces so many new mechanics, such as rolling, combos, and bellflowers. Looking back at the nature of each game, RUtM is definitely the most technical. 1 and 2 were Cave Story-esque without the focus on mashing, 3 was extremely button-mash heavy, and RUtM is definitely—and people are going to hate reading this—Dark Souls-esque. You must take advantage of and master every mechanic provided to you.The graphics and music are byfar the best in the series. With solemn representations of a dark, wet ruins, and the emotional timing of the score upon discovering somethinghuge, Momodora 4 definitely delivers a deep, soulful, and beautiful experience."
76561198081255796,Recommended,428550,21641591,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AMO115,"So i felt the need of having a new game when i came across seeing this and i am completely pleased with it.the chalanges in this game are great to fight agenst.the artstyle is just beutifull to look into and get lost in it.the soundtrack is amazing and gives great mood of the setting, it can easily bring a tear to your eye in some cases.for the price this game is more then worth it."
,Recommended,428550,21645343,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,civilpaw,"Excellent. If you enjoyed SotN or GBA and DS games that followed, buy this."
,Recommended,428550,21649281,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,GrimRabbit,"Momodora: RUtM is a 2D Side-Scrolling Platform game which has you travelling to various locations in an attempt to take down the corrupted Queen who has infected Kaho's village of Lan, in all seriousness, this is a really good game, as someone who plays 2D Side-Scrolling Platformers often, I highly reccomend this game to anyone who is also a fan, the game itself is fairly short, but I find it has good replay value, I've found myself playing through this game multiple times already and I am currently speedrunning it and planning to pick up 100% for it fairly soon, once you actually find where everything is, it's hard to forget, although I still find myself making mistakes over and over again and if you're looking for a challenge, I reccomend trying to beat Hard Difficulty and even Insane Difficulty which you unlock for beating Hard, I am yet to beat Insane Difficulty but I wish any who try the best of luck."
,Recommended,428550,21648360,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,CaptainButt,If you enjoy old Castlevania games or the Souls saga: this game was made for you.Short but with replay value.
,Recommended,428550,21686759,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Worm Harvester,"This game is a fairly straight forward Metroidvania that seems to draw inspiration from the Souls games, or more specifically Bloodborne. The combat is solid and really clicks once you've learned the rhythm of it. It has a fairly deep inventory system with interchangable items that have passive or active status effects.  Playing with combinations of these items can help alter your approach to tackling a difficult boss or section of enemies and makes it so you never feel like you're banging your head against a wall. The art direction is great and it has an amazing soundtrack that is varied and immersive. Overall great game and in my opinion one of the better indie metroidvanias out there."
,Recommended,428550,21675945,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Todi,"I really like the dark fantasy setting of this game.The art looks amazing and the controls are smooth. Sure, the keyboard-controls can't be remapped, but that's just something you get used to.Oh, and don't get too attached to the characters.Since it's a Prequel I won't criticise the ending ... ;_;"
76561198012273110,Recommended,428550,21630527,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lazy Madman,so i started the game and was given the option to pick a difficulty. I'm not the kind of guy to go with easy and i feel like I've played enough platformers to be better than normal so i picked hard.I have already died 4 times in the 10 minutes I've played.Gotta run before you can walk.I'm loving it.
76561198057282235,Recommended,428550,21662321,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[LKC] JakeLore,"I  bought this game when it came out then i beat it yesterday. And i can say it's quite fun though i don't if it's me but the game felt quite short so i decided to play it again but on a harder diffculty. Buy this game even if you haven't played the other games before, just buy it!"
,Recommended,428550,21658965,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,EVISCERATED FETUS,"i can honestly say this is one of the best 2D games i have ever experienced the gameplay and level design is super solid and i dont think ill ever be able to get over the beautiful artwork and boss fights,I would heavily recommend playing this if you even have the tiniest bit of intrest to play it."
76561198038756085,Recommended,428550,21658215,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Warwhick,"Its an unbeleivably good game. boss battles are creative, story is intriguing. the only complaiant i have is with the controls(a to ju,p was a bad idea) id give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,428550,21653263,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SlimJimRandySavage,"I'm about an hour into this game and I have to say that this game is fun and quite hard. One of my favorite things about the game is when I find a new enemy and I don't know what kind of attack to expect, I wind up getting wrecked because I underestimated how strong they are. I really like the dodge mechanic that when timed right can make you avoid any attack. I would recommend this game anyone, especially if they're looking for a challenge. The gameplay is great, the visuals are very pretty, and the story so far is interesting. I got the soundtrack as well and I think its fantastic to listen to."
76561198046175100,Recommended,428550,22075981,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Dr. Tinus,Great game!
76561197979836352,Recommended,428550,22076819,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Netro,Beautiful and wonderful to play
76561198000942107,Recommended,428550,22078023,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,KneeKnocknRich,"An amazing game. graphics good, animations crisp, hard difficulty a challenge, insane is to crazy for me ."
,Recommended,428550,22048882,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Titosor,"Short, but sweet. Very well made and oozing with atmosphere."
,Recommended,428550,22019240,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,sere,"Definitely the best in the series.  Sprites are slightly bigger, animations have become smoother, player movement reigned in, return to trania style progression and bigger in scale than Momodora 2.  and the soundtrack continues in the Momodora tradition of catchiness pleasure-clashing with appropriate atmosphereics and mood.  All around more production value and clear tells of a developer that absolutely loves what they are making.  Momodora owes somewhat to Cave Story but with this entry, it surpasses it in nearly all categories and completely replaces it as a game you can't live without."
76561198088321922,Recommended,428550,22049381,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Gamehead-Ste@m,"ProsGreat gramplayDecent storyConsShort = Finished it in 5 hours. I wished there was more. It was good.Art = Being kinda picky, but I wished it was better looking like other side scrollers (Dragon's Crown)."
,Recommended,428550,22052550,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,DisconnectedUser,cute!
,Recommended,428550,22070855,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,tivor,Cute 2D Dark Souls
,Recommended,428550,22072968,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,stuffsz,"When I first saw Momodora, I thought it would only be a decent game with some really interesting visuals. And while that is mostly true, it completely suprised me. The quality of most of its aspects are incredibly good and they manage to create a really unique feel throught the experience.Starting with the art, being probably one of the main selling points of the game, I can only say that I found it amazing. All of the characters, animations, and more spefically, the world and enviroment of the game are all rich in details. It also has lot of personality to it. When playing through the game, there wasn't a single enemy or area that I disliked in this sense, everything seemed beneficial to the whole atmosphere presented.The music is really solid, and most importantly, fits the other elements nicely.Most of what I said about the art also applies to the music. Other than that, I don't have too much to say about it. It's just really great!The story is a little subjective. Due to the game being somewhat short, it doesn't have too much depth to it. However, the developers were aware of those limitations and kept it simple and straight-foward. This may not please everyone, but I really enjoyed it. It doesn't force too much information about the facts that take place but still conveys a strong enough message. Again, if you are looking for something with a extensive story, deep development or other factors along those lines, you will probably be dissapointed by it.The thing that surprised me the most was the gameplay, since it managed to achieve a great balance between being simple and complex. You have a attack button, a ranged attack button, a roll button and a spell button which together end up being really intuitive. The game takes advantage of those mechanics by having enemies with different attack timings, some with projectiles, and positioning to enforce the use of the controls in a really diverse way, following the same formula. The only minor problem that I had here, is that spells and items were somewhat ""limited"", not adding too much choice in this regard.Following what I said, I felt that a lot of the items and spells weren't introduced properly, which made some of the inventory system a little awkward. Some of it has to do with the location and progression system envolved, which I found poorly timed and explained. Some really interesting options are only available much later in to the game. The other problem is that to get a lot of the items, you have to kill the bosses without taking damage, something that the game does not explain at any point. In my 1st playthrough I missed a lot of them, which would've made the gameplay a lot more interesting.The difficulty is based around the checkpoints and your health. In a general way, it makes it so you have to be really careful around the enemies, since your characters is pretty vulnerable, being able to only take a couple hits. The checkpoints are also located somewhat far from each other, so that influences a little bit in to the difficulty as well. All that added, makes you restart frequently and have to remember and create strategies for each of the areas. I found this really fun in hard mode and super interesting in insane mode (mode where you mostly die in one hit).Well, with all that said, I would strongly recommend picking the game up. One thing you should note though, is that a single playthrough of the game is somewhat short, taking only about 4-8 hours. If you plan to do all the achievements and consequently, more playthroughs, you will get around 15-30 hours of play time.If you enjoy completing everything the game has to offer, you will definitely like it, since the content is very well created. If you don't like doing multiple playthroughs and fulfilling the achievements, you will end up with a small playtime. In this case, your decision will revolve around your opinion on the cost x value proposition, as even though the game is a great experience, it won't offer you too much replayability."
76561197995209261,Recommended,428550,22017092,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,branewalker,"This game is a modern classic in the grand traditions of Symphony of the Night and Cave Story.The graphics and music are beautiful, the controls are crisp, the combat is fun and strategic, the pacing of the game is tight; it's hard to say it does anything wrong at all.Reflecting on this game is reverie itself."
76561198073486011,Recommended,428550,22126509,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Az.,Great game
,Recommended,428550,22126780,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,peterliu99928,"Nice animation and gameplay, adequate diff. Very nice."
76561198034935991,Recommended,428550,22182371,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"This game is a metroidvania with an unique Dark Souls feeling. It has GORGEOUS pixelart graphics with beautiful animations, excellent controls and a very nice and fitting atmospheric soundtrack.You are a priestess that uses a maple leaf as a weapon. What's more awesome than that?!The story could be deeper and the game itself is very straightforward. It lacks that feeling you have when you play other metroidvanias, when you need to get a new ability to reach a certain area(you can morph into a cat to reach narrow places, that's all). It could be better in that aspect. The map is fairly large but you don't get to revisit some areas more than once. Also, the game could be longer.Despite those flaws, it's an amazing game. It's very challenging due to it's unforgiving style. Those who played Dark Souls series will immediately relate, because it's just like that: you die, you get back to the last checkpoint; unless you get used to dodging, you can get whooped in just one hit; the game doesn't tell you what to do or point your next objective on the map, it's all up to you to find out; You even have Dark Soul-esque recovery items that replenishes when you get to a checkpoint. With all these features, it becomes a very rewarding game.8/10. Solid, beautiful game."
76561198070051586,Recommended,428550,22187330,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Thundersmack Legend,"I had a ton of fun with Momodora: RUtM, as is evidenced by my playtime relative to that of everyone else's reviews.Most of the other reviews you'll read for this game will compare it to Dark Souls, and yes, that is a good comparison: The enemy attacks do a lot of damage, and it takes a bit of skill to beat this game, however, there is an easy mode, and I think it is accommodating enough that anyone who's played video games before should at least be able to handle the game on easy with few problems.The controls and mechanics are tight, and excellently polished, and Kaho controls very nicely (this is coming from someone who actually did beat the game on insane mode, where one hit will kill you, and I never would have even attempted that if I thought the controls weren't tight enough)There's even a new game plus mode, which I haven’t actually tried yet, despite the time I've sent playing this game, most of it was getting 100% completion, beating all of the bosses without taking a hit (which gives you extra items, and is practically mandatory on hard or insane mode) and getting all of the achievements in the game.TLDR: I'm not normally a huge fan of platformers, but this one is a blast with a bit of challenge, but it's by no means impossible. It is reminiscent of Dark Souls, and I mean that in the best possible way.The reason I even found out about, and decided to buy this game, was because of this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KKT-xv_VBYAnd I have no regrets, so maybe check it out."
76561197993019788,Recommended,428550,22185920,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[r4sh] KabaL17,"A mix of Dark Souls and Metroid, this game rewards exploration. No hand holding here, you choose where to go, who to fight. Music is great, Gameplay is well balanced, Highly recommended"
,Recommended,428550,22130483,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,FunOrange,"Solid gameplay, beautiful animations, and rewarding difficulty makes this game a joy to play."
,Recommended,428550,22191810,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Brütal Yoshi,"Great metroidvania that's much like 2D DarkSouls, with CaveStory-esque art, and extremely smooth animations.And when I say Darksouls I don't mean just because it's a difficult, but it actuially uses common souls mechanics, with a focus around bosses."
76561198144641375,Recommended,428550,22192058,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Below Zero,"""Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight""is definitely not a bad game, though it IS lean on content after you get all HP upgrades, bugs, and items. If the development team felt like adding anything else, I'd recommend a new playable character in the form of the Pardoner Fennel or the Knight character. Those two have reason to fight the queen just like main character Kaho does.In addition, of the NPCs introduced in the game's 4-6 hour runtime, several do stand out as moderately developed characters in this grim kingdom of dangerous monsters. Askorn, a skeleton looking for his wife, receives some closure should you look for it while Eri, a girl who Kaho meets upon entering the Grave area, leaves more questions than are answered when you give her back her hope (Why do you have this item, Eri? Are you not telling us something about yourself?). Others who give you some guidance or world-building text and either are forgotten or become your next boss fight. I have not taken the Birthstone to every location in question with this statement, but it is unlikely that the cat-lady girl in the Monastery says much else than what I have already seen from her.One of Momodora's greatest strengths is the fluidity of the sprites. Naturally larger sprites move less fluidly, but when many smaller characters/monsters or Kaho herself move, they do so in fairly graceful motion. I point in particular to the Pardoner Fennel boss fight, which is as close to a straight player-versus-player battle you will get.Speaking of the boss fights, I would consider many of them to be very good, though also very dangerous. However, every boss has a reward item you can obtain should you not take ANY damage for the duration of the battle.This one mechanic changes some or most fights from ""fair"" to ""time to kill yourself, you touched a pixel of the hitbox and took damage... for the 20th time in a row."" In particular I now point to the Heretical Arsonist boss as well as the Lupiar half of the Lupiar-Magnolia fight. After the Arsonist fight, you obtain the air-dodge... A skill that would have made the Arsonist much easier to obtain her item early. In regards to Lupiar, on the other hand, her part of her tag-team fight becomes difficult the moment you try to no-hit the fight. The reason for this is Lupiar is immune to your (essential) arrows, forcing you to risk touch-damage on a melee-based enemy.Ignoring this mechanic, bosses in ""Momodora: RUtM"" will provide you with a fair challenge, learning their attacks and dodging accordingly. You WILL die to many of them your first time, but proper mastery of ranged combat, healing, offensive items, and leaf-smacking will see you triumph.Speaking of items, I was surprised to find no items that specifically were about reducing the damage that you take, which is shockingly high. Rather, items are broken down between ""do damage,"" ""healing consumable,"" and ""utility during travel."" During your first run, you WILL have the Ring of Candor equipped to find all the secrets as you travel, right up to any given boss fight, likewise with the Cat Sphere.As for the music... the less said about Karst City's ""ambiance"" the better. Excluding that one track, the music illustrates the nature of each respective area of the world, the best probably being the Forlorn Monastery's very, well, forlorn and echoing theme. Nothing I'd listen to when walking about, but it carries the meaning while you are playing.Overall: B+- Get this game is you like the ""Metroidvania"" style of action adventure gameplay."
76561198077134316,Recommended,428550,21888913,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mr Snow,This has got to be the best game I've reviewed this year.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnGjbNVQHJc
,Recommended,428550,21915536,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Squareslug,"A bit of a metroidvania type game with the atmosphere of a dark souls title (stated by others). The game isn't overly difficult on normal settings but the earlier parts of the game can be pretty brutal if you aren't patient.This is the third(?) in a series but my first time checking out any of the titles. There isn't that much story to be seen here as the action and exploring takes precedent. Nice visuals, fun exploration, and beautiful music help keep the game afloat. The game was about five hours in total. I enjoyed my time with it overall but became bored in some some spots."
,Recommended,428550,23801052,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ignitehawk,"Very short game, but a very high-quality sidescroller that was enjoyable all the way through. The art is gorgeous, the animations are smooth, the combat feels responsive and impactful... it's well worth the asking price, and this is coming from someone who usually feels like games should provide at least 2 hours of playtime for every $1 spent."
76561198002556693,Recommended,428550,23795471,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fanciful Unicorn,"I had a blasty blast with this series. It is long enough that it is well worth the price, and short enough that you don't mind playing through it again to get the achievements. I played it on hard and found it rather challenging (took me 9 hours to finish a blind run with 100%), then I played it on Insanity and realized I didn't know what challenging was. I managed to finish insanity quicker, but I didn't get 100% and I knew enemy patterns and locations, so it was made a little easier.The controls are solid, the graphics are well done, and the story, while incredibly simple, was told well.Check this game out! It's well worth the price, and any fan of the Metroidvania sort of games will like this."
,Recommended,428550,23809597,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,OD,"Do you like Metroidvanias? Challenging difficulty? Got 10 bucks in your wallet? Momodora:UM is well worth your time. Taking heavy emphasize from games like Metroid/Castlevania and then wrappng them up in a neat beautiful sprite filled package; Momo is simple and fun.It's got a great story which is easy to get into mostly because it doesn't boggle you down with large amounts of text or cutscenes. The best part is it doesn't require you to play previous  games even if this is the 4th in the series. But you'll most likely want to check them out if you like this game enough!Gameplay is super easy to pick up and very responsive. You have a standard jump, roll, and two forms of attacks (Arrows and Melee). Don't let the simplicity fool you though, this is a tough game for the inexperienced; especially on higher difficulties. To help you on your journey though you also have an inventory system which allows the use of both passive and active items, which gives the game very ligh RPG elements.Presentation wise, the graphics are very pleasing and everything pops out enough to give both your character and the enemies a distinct visual definition to know what is going on in all the crazy dodging you'll be doing. The levels themselves do a very nice job at conveying that Castlevania feel in the GBA titles. To go along with it is a soothing and well orchestrated soundtrack that really set the mood for each level/event.The only downside for this game is that it is a bit short. But that's not to say that there isn't something to do for those who want to pursue a harder difficulty after they're done or even 100% the game. If you really like Metroidvanias and want a little more 'oomph' in your action platformers, you should definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,428550,23826000,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hentai Man,Died 15 times in tutorial zone... I love it!
76561197987683667,Recommended,428550,23685227,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GamerBelow,Please purchase this game.....There is nothing else to say it is the best purchase I have made in regards to my recent gaming life.
,Recommended,428550,23993620,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,NaCl,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is an action-packed metroid-vania platformer which manages to deliver almost perfectly in both atmosphere and gameplay.Overall, the game is pretty damn good. M: RUtM stays loyal to ye olde platformers that many of us have come to love, and even I, who has never played any of the Metroid, LoZ or Castlevania series' games, came to love this game. Note to self: gotta play those old-school platformers when I can!The good+ Tight, responsive controls+ Great soundtrack+ Fair yet challenging platforming+ Beautiful pixel art and design: backgrounds, character sprites, enemies, look great.+ Actually interesting and original characters.+ Good enemy variety.+ Fun boss fights+ The animations all have this*Wham*to it, you know what I mean?+ Lots of secrets and easter eggs to find -- I searched everywhere but probably missed a dozen!+ The story keeps progressing at a steady pace...The average...but the game itself may be a little too short (for those who don't have a knack for secret-hunting and backtracking: my first playthrough was about 8h while searching every nook and cranny)Sometimes the bosses are very easy, other times they may be very difficult.The bad- If you backtrack, enemies don't aggro to you and ambushes become pretty much obsolete (but let's be honest, I really found nothingactuallybad about this game.)Critique and opinionsNow, this part onwards may have spoilers.If you've read the review without playing the game, simply skip this part.There were some things I wished would have been done a little bit better. The game is amazing, don't get me wrong, but some things could've been different, at least in my honest opinion. You could use your Bow and Arrow to simply cheese most of your enemies, even some bosses. I hope the devs will design their future releases trying to counter ranged weapon spamming.The sudden difficulty gaps may be subjective, but I think it would've been nice if some bosses would've changed places with each others. Actually, every boss felt like a cakewalk afterPardoner Fennel.Talking more about bosses, they could have used a bit more attacks. They usually have only 3~5 different attacks, and some of those even are ridiculously easy to dodge, even by standing still (example: Final boss' final form's 2/3 attacks were straight aimed at the player, 1/3 was easily dodged by standing beneath it). If a new Momodora game comes out, I'd definitely like to see more attacks, and maybe phase 2's during bosses.The conclusionAll in all, this game is amazing. If you're still wondering whether you should buy it, go ahead. It's worth even the full price. It definitely has no real flaws and it's a joy to play from beginning to end. The developers can -- and I hope they will -- improve and bring us even better games in the future.I can't wait to play Momodora 5 when it comes out!!"
,Recommended,428550,23848701,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,мallυne,Fantastic game. I will most defintely check out the other ones
,Recommended,428550,23844158,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,★ ＰＨＯＮＥ,"Reminicent of ""Seek audience with..."" and may the good leaf guide you.FINE 3                              FOUL 0"
,Recommended,428550,23844632,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Squishy Pink Cat,"Not only does this game have a lovely soundtrack and appealing graphics (with smooth animation to top it off), but it also provides a great level of challenge which, while frustrating at times, is also very satisfying to overcome.It's also got a really fun combat system and draws some inspiration from Dark Souls in terms of gameplay, so if you're a fan of that series then chances are you'll also like this~"
76561198063584331,Recommended,428550,23840995,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Phrygis,"The game controllers really well, is really fun, awesome boss fights and there's lots of exploration, what more could I ask for?"
,Recommended,428550,23771559,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tribby,"Amazing little game, highly recommended.For some reason I was under the impression this would be a cute/twee themed game but it's actually p. sombre and morose. The atmosphere, music and visuals are all cool as heck and it feels like a complete metroidvania experience that you can 100% in 5-7 hours. The controls are tight and mastering some of the boss fights without getting hit felt really good.Definitely buy this if you're in the mood for a short but sweet (& a bit sad) metroidvania game. :]"
,Recommended,428550,23879629,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dastardly Red Panda,Great little Metriodvania with a bit of Dark Souls mixed in for good measure.
,Recommended,428550,23877764,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Curry,"Great ost, awesome graphics, a mix between the atmosphere of bloodborne and castlevania, uterly good feelings when you play and fight bosses.It's probably the best indie game of 2016."
76561197970436355,Recommended,428550,23879130,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Moonspine,"A solid Metroidvania which takes obvious inspiration from Cave Story. Beautiful art, fluid animations, a beautiful soundtrack, and solid gameplay. It's pretty short (I finished my first run in a little under 5 hours), but it's absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,428550,23845013,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rosesbubble,One of the best metriodvaina games i have ever playedit feels like a heavy mix of darksouls and Symphony of the Nighti had about 8 hours of play but could be more or less depending on how much backtracking and secret hunting you want to do
,Recommended,428550,23845158,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rainbow Crash,Dark souls inspired 2D platformer / action game. Very well polished. Worth to try it if you like Dark Souls or Megaman Zero.
,Recommended,428550,23845667,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Turbografx16,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥ metroidvania.Good, as you might expect."
,Recommended,428550,23847606,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Brenn,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight, is a solid 2d platformer with very impressive pixel art, and an above average combat system.It has an ok soundtrack and the story / tone do not end as well as they starts but if you can sweep thoose two things under the rug this game is perfect for anyone who likes anything similar to Salt and Sancuarty, in a metroidvania kind of style, just a bit easier.The 10.00 price tag guarantees a few hours of gameplay but if you think that is too hefty but still want to play other games in the genre I suggest Rouge Legacy, Salt and Sancturary, or Darksouls.Overall Momodora is a really fun and pretty game!"
76561198108894778,Recommended,428550,23845787,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Besenstiel!,I could write an hour long report about why this game is awesome. I could also just accuse you of beeing a heart and soulless demon for not falling in love on first glance with this game.
76561198119832672,Recommended,428550,23846030,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MicroSol,Attacking a giant witch by tickling her breasts with a maple leaf...10/10 Best boss fight IGN
,Recommended,428550,22145832,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Celtic Samurai,"I remember keeping up with this game since it was called ""Momodora IV."" The series has only grown bigger and better with each installment, and this game is a testament to that. Reverie Under the Moonlight is by far the most refined and fleshed out game of the entire series. At first, I thought that this was going to have the more linear structure of Momodora III, but then the game slowly but surely branched out into multiple paths. The combat is incredibly satisfying; the game does a great job of letting you know that you were damaging an enemy (and that enemies were hitting you). The soundtrack is beautiful and truly lends itself to the atmosphere of the game. The enemies are laid out to actually compliment the level design and to make you think differently about each encounter. Though the power-ups themselves aren't quite as satisfying as other metroidvanias on the market, I still got pretty giddy at times. Where this game truly shines is its boss battles (although at one point the pacing falters); they give you a very good challenge without being unfair, and they get progressively more difficult to reflect your progress. Between this game and Pony Island, 2016 is off to a very good start.9/10"
76561198138236807,Recommended,428550,22257539,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,En Ost,"Awesome game, it actually paid for itself, i got a foil card worth 18 euros while playing it. Wow."
,Recommended,428550,22230117,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Lowkie,I guess i just suck♥♥♥♥♥at metroidvania games becasue i can't even get past the first level10/10
76561197990042613,Recommended,428550,22221745,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,oft wears hats,"An anime-inspired mashup of Castlevania, Dark Souls, with a pinch of Metroid.  Wonderful soundtrack, fluid, challenging gameplay, and gorgeous animation.  Not terribly long, but a very fun ride.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,428550,22231854,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,mudjoe2,"really just one of the best games ever made, buy it"
76561198066832065,Recommended,428550,22259259,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Light329,"Really nice game I would recommend it.Pretty much it does feel like a 2D ""Dark Souls"" game if you play it on the hard mode.you can get about 7 hours out of it if your going for a normal endingMaybe 13 hours if your going for the good ending without a where to guide.In the end pretty good game for 10$"
,Recommended,428550,22208511,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,M_Cubed13,"This was a really fun platformer with a decent challenge, and great artwork. I really liked the character design present here. It's amazing what the developers pulled off with those small pixel sprites. The controls are extremely tight and responsive. I never felt like I was fighting the controls, and knew when I died it was my own fault, which provided a good challenge and great satisfaction when you polished off another boss.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a solid platformer, especially if you love the beautiful modern pixel style as much as I do. Can't wait to see what else the developer comes up with!"
,Recommended,428550,22207001,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,M.,"A great post-Dark Souls metroidvania with intuitive and responsive controls, solid combat mechanics, challenging and varied boss fights, and great pixel art and animation."
76561198043533759,Recommended,428550,22134035,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,TheFlamingSloth,"Great gameplay and style. Very much reminded me of Dark Souls, in both the combat and storytelling, which, in my opinion, is a very good thing. Overall awesome game."
,Recommended,428550,21995448,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Sono【=◈︿◈=】Rika,"It's a Metroid-Vania game with 2D souls-styled combat. Controls are tight as hell, and the feedback from attacks feel absolutely delicious. Who knew hitting things with a leaf could feel so satisfying?The art and animation are great as well. The pixel sprites are smooth and fluid, and the characters are all very cutesy, despite the darker, more taxing atmosphere that the environment gives off. It all feels very Touhou inspired as well, due to the high amount of female characters, and since the main character is a priestess. It's like a perfect blend of Touhou, Castlevania, and Dark Souls, as far as the atmosphere and art goes.Anyways, I could ramble on about how gorgeous the game looks and make comparisons to other games for days but no one would want to read it and at any rate the main thing to take home is that it's a really freaking fun game. It's worth it. Buy it."
76561198064102466,Recommended,428550,23699668,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,NinjaManZ,"This is a marvelous game. Sprite quality is astonishing; probably some of the best animation quality in a pixel art game I've seen in quite a while. The gameplay is fun, and relatively simple, the game itself can be challenging at some points, but after getting used to how things work, it becomes pretty simple. The music is great; quite a few themes I really enjoy. My only complaint is that it sadly is a relatively short game, but I still recommend it, as it's completely worth it, in my opinion."
,Recommended,428550,22162543,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,oMuffin,"Wow... Feels like this game came up out of nowhere, and swept me away.For starters, you're left a little curious as to which fork to take, but take the wrong one and you'll be met with either a quick death, or a dead end (at least until later).Pros:- Great Artstyle- Great Soundtrack- Great Level Design- Beautiful Animations- Battle Mechanics are Flawless (at least to my knowledge).- Normal Difficulty is good even for players who like a challenge, but would also like to progress though the story sooner. :)Cons:- A bit short, but oh well.Overall just an amazing game, a must buy imo! 9.8/10!! -0.2 for the length of the game.-----Side note: I believe this was just an issue on my end, but I couldn't get my ps3 controller to work with this game."
76561198086700303,Recommended,428550,23589977,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,hotbox167,love it
,Recommended,428550,23594483,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Arstgratia,"This game is great! It is worth to spend your free time and is addictive.Gameplay 4.5/5Soundtrack 4.5/5Concept 5/5Features 4.5/5I am waiting for the next sequel, in a better graphic"
76561198043565211,Recommended,428550,23749601,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,blackhook,"I enjoyed the previous Momodora games, but this one isn't even in the same league. Beautiful spritework and a setting that people may have compared to Dark Souls, but that's not really a bad thing.While I have little to no gameplay complains, I do kinda find that the story, the little there was, could have been a bit better. From the cover art I thought that some characters would have  a bigger role (or even be playable) but that was never the case. The final boss encounter is also surprisingly disappointing for this game and I think this game deserved a better finale.That aside, great game!"
76561198068042671,Recommended,428550,23653835,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Minami,"Great game, sad but cute. Wouldn't recommend it for the full price, though, because it's very short."
76561197993457818,Recommended,428550,23716291,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LordBanana,"It's about as Dark Souls like as a 2D platformer can be, in a good way."
,Recommended,428550,23771916,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,souraphyz,I don't feel that there's much replay value (there are a lot of hidden things and I think there are two endings but I don't quite remember) but the game is seriously great and worth the money. You won't find yourself putting more than 50 hours into it but you'll definitely want to take a look at the three other games.
,Recommended,428550,23770063,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,T3chromancer,One of the best games in my Steam Library
,Recommended,428550,23705306,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,wozenbelt,"I like this game. It's like a Cave Story/Dark Souls blend that doesn't make me want to set the world ablaze. It does sometimes, actually."
,Recommended,428550,23689962,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Coji,Can turn into a cutesy cat and hit people with a giant leaf.  Perfect.
,Recommended,428550,23745221,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RazorBlood+,This is a good platformer and skill based gameplay reminiscent of the Castlvania: SOTN and Metroid. Or any other 2D side scrolling you can get.Recommended
,Recommended,428550,21653376,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sugoi,"Great little metroidvania with fantastic art and animation, moody soundscapes, and challenging but satisfying gameplay.While it takes some inspiration from the Souls games (lore heavily relies on reading item descriptions, healing is limited and restored at rest points, animations require some commitment and can't be canceled), it is very much its own beast.It is a little on the short side, but the reasonable price and added challenge modes ensure that you'll get far more than your money's worth.Absolutely recommended for genre fans."
,Recommended,428550,23816810,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ryanbomber,"Super-satisfying, stylish, and just overall enjoyable metroidvania. Only real complaint is that it's a little on the short side, but I enjoyed every single minute of it. Highly recommended."
76561198103487857,Recommended,428550,23814108,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Seras,"As someone who really enjoyed the Castlevania games for the PS1 and the Nintendo DS, you'd figure that I would enjoy this game. And as you guessed, I really enjoyed this game, close to if not just as much as my favorite Castlevania games.After playing those games it  always puts a smile on my face to hear the term ""2D Dark Souls"" being coined a lot for games like this. It makes me feel more and more like Dark Souls is a 3D Castlevania. But that's besides the point.I really like this game. My only regret is not paying the full price, as the game deserves every penny it's asking for. It captures everythign I enjoyed about the games I mentioned already and it does so with it's own really neat art style. I was actually surprised to see that this game actually puts some story in between the gameplay, since most games I've played like this tend to just be all about gameplay with minimum story to bring.I highly recommend this to any platformer fan to play through once. I personally have started playing it again just to see all the details and secrets I might have missed, but I can see others not wanting to do this. It also has a NG+ but I hear that it doesn't add too much other than giving you a reason to play the game again like I have."
,Recommended,428550,23815293,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gelitenbro8jelly,I love it being the first metroidvania style game I have played. I was blown away with how much fun I was having defeating bosses and fihgting enemy mobs. I mean who doesn't wanna beat up people with a maple leaf for hours on end.
,Recommended,428550,23795677,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,gpj252,"if you liked momodora 3 and you like dark souls, this is the perfect game for you, the dev has kept his design, characters and story that were so amazing on previous momodora games and improved upon it, he took some inspiration on dark souls with the new cure system, the kinda ""bonfiry"" check point system and the ""charms"" that work as the rings in dark souls, and man, he did it very well, he also got the dificulty up and made the game more appealing to hardcore players, i was able to finish momodora 3 without taking a hit in 7 minutes(to be exact, 06:43:24 since i was speedrunning it on stream), but momodora 4 wont let me not get hit, the game is really unforgiving, ""oh, you wanna go trough there really fast not paying much attention? take this wolf to the face"" ""oh, you are waiting for that enemy to turn the other side to do the jump? SURPRISE SPELL ON THE FACE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and other situations like that, you have to be constantly moving, constantly going to that new ""bonfire"".the bow was also a really good adition to the game, letting us do a little bit of ranged combat and giving not so hardcore players a handcap since they can just fire from distance at most enemies, the shielded enemies are also a really nice addition, with the new roll system you have to roll behind them to be able to hit them without being stopped by their shield, this adds a new layer of challenge on the game.overall, i was really impressed, went expecting more momodora, instead i got a hybrid of momodora and dark souls, and i am SO HAPPY for dat, this, is a masterpiece."
76561197991712941,Recommended,428550,23816617,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Neil,"Fantasic atmostphere, great music, gorgeous art and charming animation, challenging (but fair!) gameplay, tight controls, a story that's interesting while being far more show than tell. The character upgrades are satisfying to earn and use, and don't come off as useless or empty filler. Items you find and gain offer customization for varied gameplay styles, and the difficulty levels available offer enough of a spread to match up with the ability's of most any person so that they can experience the whole of the game they purchased without ending up completely stuck, and even help them along in raising to the challenge of higher difficulties if so desired. There are plenty of little secrets to encourage and reward exploration and challenging yourself to play to your best ability.I bought this game blind having heard of but never played the previous games in the series from rdein and came away incredibly impressed with the quality of the game. Seeing the continued support for translations and the active involvement of the developer in the discussion forum both addressing technical issues and answering game-related questions that people have is super encouraging. Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is absolutely worth the price in my mind. I look forward to future games from the team!"
76561198036964186,Recommended,428550,23829055,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Doroki,If you like castlevania or dark souls check this out.It's not salt and sanctuary but it does give you enough challenge and has incredible esthetic.
76561198035306127,Recommended,428550,23854800,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Taobaki,Great game and art style. Has Metroid/Castlevania and Dark Soul elements. Biggest problem is its length. Maybe they could expand the game?
,Recommended,428550,23928033,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rashy05,"I get to kill a giant witch by slapping her boobs.-10/10But really, this game is amazing with absolutely solid gameplay and dark souls tier difficulty. Super fun game."
,Recommended,428550,23929425,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Beico,"Great game, fun exploration, amazing bossfights, best played on hard."
76561198035399253,Recommended,428550,23910111,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ty,"Okay this is it this is the game that makes me write a reviewDid you like the GBA/DS Castlevania games?Buy this.You didn't play them?Look into this and then buy it.You didn't like them?Reconsider, please, for this."
,Recommended,428550,23903423,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,リアス・グレモリー,"I dont have many hours in the game but i have to say, it is perfect.it reminds me of dark souls a lot and i love that game. has a lot cool enemies, fun boss fights, rage quits and the soundtrack is amazing, all of that in a single 2D pixel art game. i can't congratulate the creator more for this game, i wish them the best of luck on their future games but i'm sure if they are 1% as cool as this one they are in a road of success.10/10 i recommend and i recommend again."
76561198067607029,Recommended,428550,23914997,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Xray,"Fun and solid comat.Nice underlying story, but it in the sorta Darksouls method of telling and that is ♥♥♥♥in figure it out yourself method, which it does well.Cute Charaters.A difficulty for everyone, easy for people who just want to check it out, normal of look for some challenge, but not frustrating, hard for people looking for a tough challenge, and if hard wasn't enough you have insane to make you go insane."
,Recommended,428550,23926935,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,à la crème™,I honestly don't know what to say other than it's ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198066429516,Recommended,428550,23913346,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Staropikmin,"Overall this is a fun and satifying game. Can be difficult, but once you get a good grasp of the dodging its not as bad. The main things I disliked were instakill spikes. Two particular spots irritated me. 1. A section where the checkpoint was just a bittoo far away. 2. In a boss arena. But other than those situation I greatly enjoyed this game and say that it is worth the money."
,Recommended,428550,23774697,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,✪ Midway,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlightis a great 2D platform game withgreat music, challenging bossesand definitelyDark Soulslevel of rage quiting."
,Recommended,428550,30775939,Posted: 27 March,all,NumberKruncher,One of my favorite Twitch streamers started playing this game and I was immediately sold!The mechanics of this game are so well implemented.I can't wait to see what these developers come up with next!!
76561198202131964,Recommended,428550,30781062,Posted: 27 March,all,itsCrazyLeddy,"This game is a very interesting one,as I thougt it would keep the same style of Momodora 3.When I saw the first trailer,I couldn´t believe.It was magbificent.The graphics were polished and I wasnáble to find any major bug in the game.The story is involving and the way that it is presented and explainded has been made in a great way.I give it a 10/10."
76561198058238134,Recommended,428550,23082943,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Cirno,"Momodora RUtM has single handledly been one of the best purhcases I have made on Steam, part of me is even ashamed I couldn't give the developer the full price as I had gotten it while on sale. From the beautiful sprite work, great soundtrack, solid mechanics and well presented story, Momodora RUtM has everything you should look for in a 2-D platforming adventure game. Please do not allow the very few negative reviews on this game discourage you from picking this up."
76561198024693981,Recommended,428550,23084382,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Moola,"This game is criminally underappreciated. Never heard about it, saw it in my discovery queue and bought it on a whim, and I'm very glad I did.The Good:-It's absolutely gorgeous. It felt like every new area I entered I had to stop and take in the scenery. probably one of the most beautiful games I have played, especially pixel art games.-The animations are very clean and smooth.-The bosses, enemies, and characters all have very interesting designs.-The music, though it's not extraordinary compared to some, it's still quite good and certainly adds to the experience.-The controls are very tight (once you get used to them)-It's quite a challenge, and it's very fun to play.The Bad:-It's short (I beat it in 6 and a half hours or so casually, but trying to do everything I could find) Which is not inherently a bad thing, but this game really leaves you feeling like you want to play more of it.-healing is a little tedious, it seems like every enemy attack deals more damage then one health item recovers.-The difficulty curve is a little strange, to me it seems like the first area is by far the hardest area, or at least has the most awkward enemies to fight.-while most secrets have some kind of clue to where they are (the map, usually) the bug collectibles seem to be hidden in almost evil locations, you pretty much have to attack or jump at every wall as both characters to find them.-Not being able to navigate the menus with the mouse or things like the enter button is really confusing to get used to."
76561198079481310,Recommended,428550,23385308,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sp00ky,"I loved it. These types of games are generally not what I'm used to playing or usually play, but I absolutely adored this game.The combat system had a really nice flow, the inventory and item system was perfect, the music was amazing and the variety was brilliant. I loved every minute of this game.I highly recommend this if you're up for a challenge, regardless of whether or not you play these types of games. I just loved it. 10/10"
,Recommended,428550,23460656,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Libra_frost,where medium is hard and easy is to easy
76561198048295196,Recommended,428550,23492810,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Coral [BDay in 7 Days],"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is the 4th [Yes, 4th] game in the Momodora series. Not that I've really played the first 2 yet.But I played Momodora 3, which got me into the series to begin with. Enough about that though. Let me properly review this game.For starters, the sprites look MUCH better in this than in 3. This game has more story than 3, and the music, Sweet cheese and crackers. The MUSIC is better than the 3rd.However... Even if I liked this game more than what I mentioned a bajillion times before, it doesn't mean its the best game I've ever played. [That goes to Freedom Planet]I'm not gonna name out the few flaws it has, for times sake. I'm gonna let you play it to decide.Overall rating; 7.3/10. Great game"
,Recommended,428550,22990388,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Zhuinden (人^▽')～,"Okay, I have no idea about any of the previous 3 Momodora games, so I only have this to rate.The simple verdict is that what we have here is pretty decent, but the length is rather... short. 5 hours for 10 EUR, might be worth it for some I guess, I'd consider waiting for a steeper sale, like -40% or more.--- Pros:+ I like the piano/strings driven soundtrack, it's pretty+ combat against melee-driven bosses is interesting, you have to utilize dodging well (air dashing is cool! feels like megaman X with invincibility frame)+ metroidvania+ overall I enjoyed it--- Cons:- I finished it in pretty much 5 hours including lots of deaths (and as a result re-tracking), and if i had followed a guide I would have had all the ivory bugs and stuff too. Essentially, there isn't as much content as I would have hoped for the price. Of course, maybe I just shouldn't want to compare it to Metroid Fusion in my head?Still, you only get 4+1 extra powers, out of which one of them is just the ability to warp between statues. So it's more like 4 if anything.- platforming is sometimes frustrating because of insta-kill spikes in the dark room so you kinda think you can fall down and you'll end up in another room, but NOPE it's spikes or NOPE it's insta death in THIS water but not that one.Then ""Retry"" puts you back to the previous save point, so if you mess something up, you have to do it all over again.And the enemies do a LOT of damage, about 2-3 hits and you're dead. Feels like playing Wings of Vi or something sometimes (and I played on Normal).- the requirement for the true ending is rather.. obscure.Anyways, it was fun, but I wish it had been longer, like Metroid Fusion or Cave Story. This was much shorter than those; kinda like a successful Rogue Legacy run, just with a slight bit more looking around for which way you have to go.Oh, and if you hate dying a lot, you might want to pass on this because the insta-kill spikes and the high-hitting enemies would get on your nerves."
,Recommended,428550,23044615,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wüstenfuchs,"Super fun game, kind of short, but has tons of side quests and collectables."
,Recommended,428550,23054278,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Babar,"Very cute little game! Definitely worth the price tag.It's a metroidvania, lots of places to explores, power-ups etc...Lenght to complete is about 6 hours, difficulty has some serious spikes here and there.Atmosphere is excellent and the stellar soundtrack really gives this a nice, emotional experience.Great buy for me."
,Recommended,428550,22992798,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,kyjun.ruu,"This was a random buy for me and ended up being of the best games i've gotten off of steam!  This game is beautiful, Plays great and, the soundtrack is ridiculously good!  This game deserves a lot more attention than what it gets!  10/10 I would reccomend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,428550,22988945,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Rob Prim3,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a good metroidvania game with a few flaws.A TL;DR of my personal opinion and some Pros./Cons. are further below.Here are some thoughts, that I have about the game:It has a basis combatsystem with one normal melee combo, an aerial attack, a ranged attack with unlimited ammo, a dodge roll and some active and passive items which can be found/bought while you pogress futher.The fighting in this game fells simliar to castlevania symphony of the night with its mix of melee, ranged and spell attacks. It gets quite challenging, if you deal with multiple enemies and environmental hazard at the same time.The enemies are good but could have need a bit more variation. Most of them feel like a stronger re-skin of an already existing one. But the boss fights are overall well made and fun to beat.The difficulty in this game was the first that thing, that suprised me.The first mobs (even on normal) will hit you hard and kill you easily if you don't learn their pattern quick.If your are new to 2D plattformer with combat elements you might have a tough time in beginning.Later parts of the game will feel easier, due to the upgrades you will find.The second more pleasant suprise was the fantastic soundtrack.Some of the tracks are on the same level as with OST's from the metroid games IMO.The 16 ingame songs alone, add alot of value to the game.Another very positive thing is the visual presantation of the game.The Gorgeous backgounds, sweet pixel arts, and visual effects and pretty good animations were nice to see,Not much to complain about, besides a small lack of more outstanding rooms.Some parts of the map feel a little empty and like an unnecessary dead end.The story in this game on the other hand is kinda standard.You the heroine from a little village, seek a powerful queen in order to stop the evil that is spreading in the world. Some NPC's will give you futher infos about what happend and a few of them even got some nice little questlines that you can follow. Unfortunately the game leaves you with quite alot of unanswered questions after the ending. The ending itself feels really unsatisfying, if I compare it with other simliar games, like Guacamelee, Cave Story+, Valdis Story: Abyssal City. There are two endings but a longer, more fleshed out epilogue would have helped and I think the NPC's you meet should have had more direkt impact on the ending.TL;DR:Pros:+ beautiful soundtrack+ nice artstyle+ cool areas+ good combat+ nice bossfights+ challenging mutiple dificulties+ a few NPC's with interresting short questlines+ New Game Plus Mode with slight changesCons:- only a few enemy types- no in depth story, charackter development and lore- underwhelming endings- not enough fleshed out rooms- no significant changes to the metroidvania formularFans of Momodora series will without a doubt like it and metroidvania veterans should give it a try, if they are looking for a good approximately 5 hour long title inbetween bigger releases of the genre."
,Recommended,428550,23318156,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,PetiteLaine,Amazing game loved it!
76561198015081451,Recommended,428550,30785260,Posted: 27 March,all,Sevn87,"So many great things about the game, other reviewers already pointed out. Personally I like that its short I run into one boss after the other and I am loving it. Thanks for the great game and thanks for not wasting my time."
76561198002534901,Recommended,428550,23274457,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Wiegraf Folles,Short but truly excellent Metroidvania with some Dark Souls flavour. Liked everything about it except for the giant breast boss. I am eagerly anticipating a sequel.
,Recommended,428550,23310943,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kero Kero,"""Thank you for playing!""F*** you.Thank you for making a great game.<3Time for a pacifist run."
76561198058308546,Recommended,428550,30783764,Posted: 27 March,all,kirinelm,"This game is the best kind of brutal.  If you're a fan of games like Mega Man or Dark Souls then Momodora: RUM is going to be a great fit for you.Hard, fair, and fun."
76561198214592032,Recommended,428550,30784367,Posted: 27 March,all,phillipshead,"An enjoyable but short 'vania romp. I played on Hard, which pretty much forces you to master boss reads, as many attacks will one-shot or very nearly kill you. That being said, this is a good thing in the long-run, as beating bosses without taking damage gets you a special challenge reward you can't acquire elsewhere (with the exception of fire arrows which can be purchased). Placement of the shrines you can warp to isn't made clear, but you can warp from any shrine.All in all, good value if this is your thing. Can be enjoyed in an afternoon for the price of a good lunch."
,Recommended,428550,30782784,Posted: 27 March,all,endermanslayer2,I speedrun this game and it is insanely fun
,Recommended,428550,23152171,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,James,"At first I found the game quite hard. However, once I got used to the combat system, it became almost a bit too easy. Boss fights were easy to win normally, so I tried to win every boss fight without taking any damage since that there is a reward for not taking any damage + made it much much harder.This is not to say the game is bad or not worth getting. I really enjoyed playing this game. I especially love the graphic and the combat system. Controls were responsive. I look forward to future games made by this developer."
76561198048562119,Recommended,428550,22699985,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Korvilyn,It's a really great platformer with some fun pixel art! Get it!
,Recommended,428550,30764753,Posted: 26 March,all,Stabby McTaco,A short but sweet Castlevania-like game that doesn't disappoint.
,Recommended,428550,21686706,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Momokii?,"If you aren't convinced yet by the other reviews that this game is damn good, well, here's mine.Momodora: RUtMis an action platformer/metroidvania style game and is the fourth game of the Momodora series. Looking back on the still excellent Momodora III, it would be hard to believe thatRUtMis improved in nearly every aspect. But it is. You don't have to have played Momodora III to understand the story becauseRUtMis the prequel to the series. Here's the backstory of the game (without spoilers, of course):The story is about Kaho, a priestress from the village of Lun. As a curse spreads through the lands, she gets sent to the source of the corruption: the city of Karst that appears to be now under the reign of an undead witch. Kaho's mission is to seal the curse away.There are three difficulty levels plus one that unlocks if you finish the game on hard, I think. Even on normal difficulty it's hard as hell at some points(I'm looking at you Pardoner Fennel). Anyways the boss fights are overall intese but never unfair and also very fun. You need to see through their attack patterns and use your skill to dodge and counter attack. If you just go berserk on your enemies you're as good as dead.In comparison to the sequel, the graphics have been greatly improved. The sprites are now larger which allows more detail but the devs still manage to stick to the series' retro style. The artworks, pixel art and animations are just beautiful. On top of that there are even reflections on the water and the light effects look great. Many little details, like the waving grass, make the game very atmospheric. Except of the starting area which is a lush forest,RUtM's setting is mostly dark and gloomy which adds to the intense atmosphere. The music finally complements the atmosphere. In fact the music is great. For the first time ever I even bought the OST.RUtMis a relatively short game but it offers a great replayability. It took me approximately 5 to 6 hours to complete with 100% collectables. But to get all achievements, you have to finish it 3 or 4 times.Conclusion:One of the best (or eventhebest?) metroidvania style games on Steam. In my oppinion it's on the same level as classic Castlevania games. Very atmospheric, nice boss fights. The title ""Reverie Under the Moonlight"" is just as lovely as the game and reminds on beautiful Touhou game titles like ""Embodiment of Scarlet Devil"" or ""Subterranean Animism"". For only 9,99€ (USD $9.99) it is definitely a must-have."
76561198119539195,Recommended,428550,22975287,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Shifty Zora,Good Game
76561198190214531,Recommended,428550,22959429,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dio Brando,"At the moment I'm writing this review I hadn't beaten the game yet,but I had a lot of fun while playing it,it's simply amazing.Amazing soundtrack,nice challenge,interesting bosses,characters that DON'T make you throw up when you talk to em,cool artstyle and locations,what else can you ask for?Definitely reccomend it."
,Recommended,428550,22966967,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dog Run,A look into an old gaming style i loved back in the days of castlevania. This type of game i will always love. A bit conky very rarely but nonetheless didnt take away from gameplay. Simple story and design. A nice break if youre looking for a side game to dedicate a few days to.
,Recommended,428550,23087723,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,皮在癢,"My first steam review and it goes to this game...If you like platformers, pick it up. If you like adventure games, pick it up. I like many started with this installment, and have not played any of the previous games, but did not find myself confused by the story or atmosphere. You're a girl with a maple leaf, and it's awesome. My first hour of the game was absolutely terrible. I played it like a bullet hell platformer. This game, like many have said already, is very much like darksouls. You must plan how you gow through a screen, and more times than not attack spamming will only get you killed, ESPECIALLY on bosses. The learning is brutal, but totally worth it. A fantastic game that isn't afraid to provide a challenge."
76561198301517368,Recommended,428550,23093924,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,aisellers666,"This game was the perfect length for what it was, any shorter would have been too short any longer it would have started to get boring. The controls are good, there's some sweet power ups, and some really good secrets. I liked the old school graphics style and the boss fights were about perfect difficulty. I think it could have used a couple more weapons and skills(like wall jump) but all in all it as pretty sweet. 8/10"
76561198202569775,Recommended,428550,25406602,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,my name jeff xxd,"Absolutely worth your time, straight forward story line and slightly difficult game play. Very recommended if you're into this kind of content."
76561198046195005,Recommended,428550,25406995,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ringtail,"((See negative comments near the bottom))Wonderful!! Reverie Under the Moonlight is a perfect example of a game being high quality not because of graphics, retro nostalgia or a never before seen gameplay mechanic, but caring attention to detail and an appreciation for the little things. Combat is solid, relying mostly on your skill and tactic rather than just having the best weapon. There are upgrades to increase your damage and effects, but what's nice is that most of these upgrades come in the form of items you equip at the cost of your pocket space, which is also where you equip something like say, the item that magnetizes money to you. Essentially, this game forces you to have a customized playstyle. Your limited space for equipables leaves you to stop and think for a moment about what your inherent playstyle actually is. Which is good, because with all the exploring and backtracking that is par for the course in Metroidvania games you'll have plenty of opportunity to experiment as you hunt for goodies.What's more the story and presentation is excellently executed. As someone who hasn't played any other games in this series, I had a fairly good idea of who I was, what was going on and what I was doing. Things never go into much depth, but it serves as a tight setup for the actual game. There are a few moments where you have to make decisions on behalf of your character, and I remember them being relevant moments of gameplay that actually affected me. Mostly because the more morally just choice to make was the one demanding the most sacrifice. I always love it when I inadvertently get the Happy True Ending my first playthrough just because I myself decided to go the extra mile for the sake of just doing it. I wanted to see everything the game had to offer, which actually brings me to the negative.This game is a bit short. It's still fairly robust I'd say, but even with the map getting completely explored you could beat this in a day if you plan your schedule around it. The map does its job I suppose, showing where the save points are and giving a small indications as to what areas still have rooms to explore. However that being said, why couldn't this practical map be a part of the warping between bells ability? When you get the ability to warp from place to place, you have to pick and choose from a typed list of the named locations. Which is awkwardly impractical in use because I don't always remember what areas are named what, I just know I need to do more in the bottom corner. I'll be honest, I hardly used the warp feature at all. Even when I finally found the bell that was closest to where I wanted to go, it just made me wonder why I couldn't be allowed to go to any bell rather than one of the few at the entrance of an area?... Last but not lease, I sometimes wished the visual cues were more varied. It was hardly an issue really, until the later boss fights when the attack telegraphs got mixed with the blips that indicate the air dodge is recharged.Other than that, Reverie Under the Moonlight is an excellent game. You can just tell it was a labor of love, and even if it never rises to popularity I will always appreciate it for being what it is."
76561198154622516,Recommended,428550,25472893,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Froppy,Had a lot of fun with dis game the combat was solid looked amazing and was worth it if you want to stick with it. But I'm bad at vidya games and gave up. Give it a look though.
,Recommended,428550,23974480,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SupersonicXX9,"As someone who is a huge fan of the platformer genre, as well as metroidvania games, I love this game. In my opinion, the art style is great, the gameplay is very fluid, and overall the game thus far has been very enjoyable. I myself think I'm having as much fun with it as I did first playing Shovel Knight, which by far has been one of the best games I've played in quite a while.Pros -Great gameplay.Beautiful art style.Enjoyable and challenging boss fights.Appeals to the less hardcore players as well as the people who enjoy a challenge.You can transform into a cat. Yay?Cons -Awfully short game.Some content is very difficult to achieve.I think Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is an amazing game, and I have no regrets on purchasing it. If you like metroidvania games, or maybe even Souls-like games, this would be a wonderful game for you to pick up."
76561198053979500,Recommended,428550,23917188,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,arcticFeline,A pixelated sidescrolling hack-n-slash? P-pleasegiveittome!
76561198250982962,Recommended,428550,30807301,Posted: 28 March,all,anncallihan,"Great music, great animation, great mchanics. I've only finished my first playthrough and I can't wait to start again. This is a simple game that is easy to sit down and enjoy with little stress or frustration. I'd say get this is you want a small, but managble, challange. The cats are an added bonus."
76561198040959643,Recommended,428550,23883351,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Onyxbear,"A really solid game all around. Well animated, good platforming, simple-yet-varied combat, interesting boss fights, and some great music. A bit on the short side, but there's some decent replayability for the completionists."
,Recommended,428550,23883605,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Glavenus,Pixel Dark souls 10/10
,Recommended,428550,23935228,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Minneyar,"Momodora: RutM is a slightly short but tight, challenging Metroidvania.  Don't let the cute, well-animated graphics fool you; this is a difficult game, and the setting and story are saturated with an atmosphere of melancholic despair.  You'll die a lot, but the game is never unfair; it'a always because you didn't play well enough.  When you do reach the end, victory isn't quite everything you had hoped for.  I've seen a lot of people compare this to Dark Souls, and while I hate the ""every difficult game is just like Dark Souls!"" comparisons you always see thrown around nowadays, this game really does have a similar atmosphere.The important thing about a Metroidvania, however, is the gameplay, and Momodora is spot-on.  The controls are tight, combat is satisfying, and there are secrets hidden everywhere.  There are a lot of branching paths a a wide variety of different types of areas and enemies.  The boss fights are great; they're all unique and fun, although the later ones are perhaps a bit less challenging than the earlier ones.  I could complain that the game is a little short; I finished 100% exploration on normal mode in about six hours, and I'm sure I could do it much faster on a second playthrough now that I know where everything is and I know all of the boss patterns.  That's a reasonable length for the price, though, and every one of those hours is a great experience.My biggest complaint about the game compared to other games in its genre is the lack of upgrades.  One of the key components of any Metroidvania is the gradual unlocking of new powers that increase your offensive capabilities and mobility.  Over the course of the game you'll acquire a number of ""active"" items that you can equip and use to do things like heal yourself or increase your attack power, and you'll acquire more ""passive"" items that add effects such as poison to your ranged attacks.  You can only have a small number of items equipped at once, though, which means you'll probably find a couple you like and then never use any of the others.  Outside of equippable items, you'll only find five permanent new abilities; two of them are upgrades to your ranged weapon's charge attack, one of which just makes your melee weapon do more damage, and only two of which actually provide new mobility options.  At the end of the game, I didn't really feel like I had many more options that I did at the beginning.Still, that's not really a big problem, so don't let it discourage you.  If this game sounds at all interesting to you, it'll be worth your time."
,Recommended,428550,23900689,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MagnusXL,"This is a rather solid metroidvania given the price. It controls smooth and is rather fun to play. This game is rather short (it can be defeated in around two hours), though there are a fair number of secrets to discover. You are actively rewarded for skillful gameplay (bosses drop an special items if you defeat them without taking damage).All in all, it's a well presented title that is worth a look if you are into this sort of game."
76561198011638870,Recommended,428550,23906117,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SpartanAlex,Among the best metroidvania on steamBeautiful music to go alongTight combatAmazing pixel art animations
,Recommended,428550,26512201,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,notrecksie,"This is the first 'Metroidvania' kind of game I played that I actually felt like finishing, it can be played in a non-linear fashion and it doesn't waste your damn time making you go back and forth and back and forth through the same god damn areas trying to find a key item. In spite of what the few negative reviews say, the controls are overall smooth and easy to get a read on.Very solid game, good pixel art and nice soundtrack. Easily worth seven bucks."
76561198203863313,Recommended,428550,26512324,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Al Pal,The best out of the Momodora games
76561197970711490,Recommended,428550,26547992,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Midknyte,Great game!  2D sidescroller in the style of Castlevania Symphony of the Night.  Definitely scratched my platformer itch. :)  Thanks to Playism/Bombservice.
76561198040124290,Recommended,428550,26505357,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Vuelix,"This game is great! Bought it on a small sale and couldn't put it down until I beat it. The game took roughly 5 hours to beat, but it's also inexpensive and has NG+. Keyboard controls are okay, but a controller is much nicer in my opinion. Definitely would recommend for any fan of Castlevania, Metroid, or Megaman."
,Recommended,428550,30906193,Posted: 2 April,all,TonTon Stealer,"A very good game, for the anime style, the gameplay, and the music.just a too short experience ! ! !by the way still happy to buy it to support the producters to make more games like that."
76561198042214085,Recommended,428550,26529344,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jason,"This is a beautiful game with a great soundtrack, tons of atmosphere, and a great retro vibe. I definitely recommend it if you like Metroid-style games.However, the difficulty is inconsistent and overall imbalanced, and that, unfortunately, is my biggest take-away from this game and what I am going to talk about the most.Enemies hit hard and often quickly, and you will end up replaying segments of the game repeatedly until you have gotten good enough at each room to reach the next save point. That's basically the flow of this game, trying to survive between save points.That in and of itself isn't bad, but the game presents you with a health bar that looks generous but is anything but. At the very beginning of the game already you will take what visually appears to be massive damage, dying in three or four hits to the most mundane of enemies. Relative health isn't really a fair point to complain about, perhaps, but it LOOKS like so much more than it is, especially when each upgrade is miniscule to the point of being almost imperceptible.The second boss is literally capable of killing you in two hits, even with every health upgrade to that point, and she employs a move that's lightning quick and very difficult to dodge. The fight immediately before her involves a randomly moving enemy who telegraphs WHEN he's going to attack but not HOW so it's incredibly easy to get trapped behind an expanding, insanely strong attack that you have no way to get past.It's enough to get frustrated very quickly.Easy mode, rather than just having the enemies deal less damage, starts you off with all of the health upgrades, robbing the game of much of the fun of searching for things.How enjoyable the difficulty of a game is, is of course subjective. If you want a gorgeous game that's old-school in both its appearance and its challenge factor, this game is for you. For me, however, at the end of the day, I have enough Metroidvanias to choose from that have more balanced difficulty and don't often punish you severly for a single error that I don't see myself bothering to finish this game."
,Recommended,428550,26529776,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NeoLux,Very well designed old-fashioned action RPG. I especially like the fact that little instructions were given to the players and much is left for us to learn by ourselves. Though I do think that the 'magic's for this game are not as interesting because they fuction only as a clue to solving puzzles in maps rather than helping with the playthrough itself.Highly recommended for someone who like old-fashioned hard core RPG and wants some pixel cute girl who wields a maple leaf as your heroin.
,Recommended,428550,26567697,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DyJuice,"10/10, amazing soundtrack, tight controls, beautiful graphics, challenging. The best game I have played in years."
,Recommended,428550,26563580,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zig,"Great side scrolling action/rpg.  Lots of souls inspiration via clones of bonfires, eventually warping between bonfires, tough enemies, dodge rolling, very tough boses, estus health pots that refill at bonfires, etc.  The controls are tight and the exploration is fun without becoming tedius.  The graphics are pretty while maintaing nostalgia.  Very light/hidden on story like souls as well.  Very fun adventure."
,Recommended,428550,26526217,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DiamondEater,"Bought this game during a sale for $6.99. After playing, I would have definitely paid the original $9.99 price tag. Fun and rewarding metroidvania style game with a little bit of Dark Souls thrown in. For example, a checkpoint save system (think bonfire) that refills your health and useable items while also saving your game. Beautiful art direction in both sound and visuals. I would put the soundtrack in the top 3 for best I have heard in the past year. I only wish it was a longer game. My playtime says 6 hours but I finished in about 5. That other hour was taking breaks and what not (I actually played the game straight through in one shot). Would definitely recommend if you are into metroidvania games."
76561198044423148,Recommended,428550,26527144,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Valtus,"Momodora is a castlevania/metroid-type of game, where you go around places searching for items and power ups. The game is quite short, but its good for doing multiple runs. Unless you don't like doing those, then the game might not offer you much.The weapons are fun to use. The Leaf Sword and Bow are really familiar to Megaman Zero series' Z-saber and Z-buster. Leaf Sword deals nice sum of damage and its fast. You can perform a 3 hit combo with it. And the bow hits from the distance and has a charge ability! MMZ is one of my favorites because of the combat feels good. And this game is no different.I completed the game on hard mode right away, so I can't really say how hard the normal mode is. All I can say about hard mode is that prepare for one shot deaths. It's not too hard, but some of the bosses might be annoying because they have a lot of attacks that can one shot you. So if you want to get into the combat system and how the enemies play, I recommend the normal difficult.I've been looking for a game like this, but I wish this one would be longer and had a bit more bosses. It kinda got me hooked and made me want more. I really want a Metroidvania game with Megaman Zero combat.Good game, though. Maybe I would still suggest for a discount first before buying."
,Recommended,428550,26550046,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Linkblade,"This game oozes a Dark Souls mood. A dark and sinister city in front of an abandoned and decaying Castlevania-like castle.You immerse in this dull and frightening environment. The music and sounds are very well performed, so that most of the time I felt the uncomfortable horror this game radiates.- 2D Platformer with open world, collectible (secret) items hidden everywhere, backtracking of map (Metroidvania)- Difficulty rises throughout the game from too easy to harder than casual games, though on hard mode still easier than Mega Man.Difficulty ScaleIWBTGSuper Meat BoyMega ManMomodora: Reverie Under the MoonlightSuper Mario Bros.Once you know the attack patterns of your enemy it's almost a peace of cake. The thing in this game what makes it hard, and that is a negative point, is that you have to repeat long ways after dying to get this knowledge, which can be a chore. Once known it is not that hard to perform the required task. Another negative point are the elevators, which cannot be exited once unintendedly started. Then you have to wait the whole way down and up again.But I enjoyed this game! It is very immersive and rewarding with many hidden secrets to discover!I can recommend this game to everyone who likes a dark mood à la Dark Souls mixed with decent 2D Platforming and japanese anime pixel graphics."
,Recommended,428550,25771895,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ＩＤＯＬ　ＴＲＡＳＨ,"ＫＩＬＬ　ＡＬＬ　ＴＨＥ　ＷＡＩＦＵＳFun game with good controls and its own fair share of exploration. I like how the story is elaborated upon by the environments and the items you receive rather than directly through dialogue, which encourages going out of your way for secrets, and in some cases, perfecting boss fights. I like doing bosses on Leaf%.Also has a very nice soundtrack.Just be sure though, to ＳＡＶＥ　ＴＨＥ　ＦＲＡＭＥＳ，ＡＮＤ　ＫＩＬＬ　ＴＨＥ　ＷＡＩＦＵＳ．"
76561198085485576,Recommended,428550,26067174,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Queen Marcy,"I just recently finished the game with 100% map completion and collectables and after this I can say that it was worth the time spent to do it. The atmosphere in the game is amazing as it gives off a very desolate vibe, like you are truly alone in the world exept for some occasional freindly faces which help to brighten your spirits before you are inevitably killed by the monsters that enhabit the world. One complaint that I do have is that there is a lack in enemy variety, with most of the monsters being reused in multipe areas and the ones that are unique to specific areas not feeling very special. In contrast to this, each of the bosses feel very unique and are an enjoyable challange while they last. My favourite boss was pardoner fennel as the boss theme was outstanding and the sword animations pleasant to the eye. In conclusion Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is an amazing atmospheric semi-metroidvania game with great boss battles and generally fun gameplay."
,Recommended,428550,26105627,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ripsteakface,"What an excellent game! Playing on Hard definitely made the experience much more worthwhile, enjoyable, and longer (it took me 7 hours to nearly 100% the game my first time through). I am deeply grateful for the developers and to everyone else who worked on, and was involved with, this game. Thank you."
76561198025712513,Recommended,428550,26181615,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,OnionHead,"I enjoyed this game more than I expected to.  The combat  has alot  of weight to it,  The game was pretty challenging, but not annoying or cheap.   2d platformers are a dime a dozen on steam but this is one i'd definately worth a try."
,Recommended,428550,30892402,Posted: 1 April,all,"Volhariin, the Outback Nigga",Criminally underappreciated game.9.25/10
76561198020829307,Recommended,428550,26435665,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheRavenkind,"This game brings back all the classic gameplay i used to love as a child and even more gameplay mechanics such as dodging that i enjoy in modern games. it reminds me of studio ghibli with it's characters and castlevania with the gameplay,This game is worth buying if you love 2D action platformers."
,Recommended,428550,26381212,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gunzie,"The classic style of 2D platformers like Castlevania and Metriod, with some modern inspiration from games like Dark Souls. A very well done game. This is the 4th entry in the Momodora series, but it is most definitely the best. The new visual style and design choices are truly top notch. Bombservice has taken the series in a direction that I believe will spell out some great success, and I can't wait to see what else they have planned for the future."
76561198132824678,Recommended,428550,26329453,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,gravitationaltim,"I really adored this game, for fans of platformers (namely, Metroidvania), it's a must-have. I was surprised when I realized that the main content can be completed in about 5-6 hours, because it felt like a large, rich experience. Not that it's the paragon of all platformers never to be topped again, but everything about it seems to be focussed on the player's enjoyment. Beautiful, smooth graphics with dramatic scene reveals, a good deal of different monster patterns to learn, surprises, secrets, and multiple endings... it's a good time! I would find myself drifting off at work wanting to get back into playing it.As someone who seeks out challenging Metroidvanias for a good time, I'd say this is a 5/10 on the difficulty scale. Not only is it small enough that you don't have to write notes to figure out where to backtrack, but once you get used to the controls, it becomes very intutitive. Even if you are aren't a pixel-perfect expert, you'll be able to handle the bosses once you learn their moves. There are challenges like no death, pacifist, or special rewards for taking no damage in the boss battles, so seasoned MV players shouldn't pass it up either. Don't expect much story, but the real MVP is the gameplay. It feels fun to play, and I really look forward to seeing more from this developer."
76561197999926598,Recommended,428550,25390342,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Nabokov,It's good. Buy it.
,Recommended,428550,25456566,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,♥PanPakaPan!♥,"in my opinion this was all around a great game, it took me about 8-9 hours to beat this and get most if not all of the items. if you like 2D platformers with a nice story, amazeing fluid animations and combat, i can not recommend this more for you."
76561197974734944,Recommended,428550,25355681,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,RUSTYWARCOW,"Good game. Solid 7 / 10. Not great, but definitely fun to play. Wish it was a little more challenging. Bosses especially. After having recently come of HLD, which felt very well balanced and had great heart thumping boss encounters, this aspect was a bit of a letdown. But, again, a good game.One piece of feedback for the devs: improve your map. Colour code areas, and mark locked doors as well as points of interest -- beyond save points and chests. At some level it's fun to remember where stuff is and then backtrack to it... but, near the end of the game I found myself wandering around a bit too much just to find out how to continue."
,Recommended,428550,24867634,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,zyph,A relatively short but challenging game with great mechanics and replayability. One of my favourite games this year.
,Recommended,428550,25504939,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Saiyan,"Pretty short (3-5 hours) but REALL well designed. Combat is simple but impactful and every enemy has a noticable tell for their attacks. Bosses are challenging and satisfying to beat, and they reward you with really powerful items if you don't get hit. The map is sizable with optional paths and secrets like illusory walls."
,Recommended,428550,25543924,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,XelNya,One of the best games I have had the pleasure of struggling through easy on.
,Recommended,428550,25442786,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kojiro,"I can say this game is worth of its full price. Really well done sprites, fun and slightly dificult gameplay, nice story and a good soundtrack. If you like metroidvania and old school gaming, this is definitely a game worth of playing."
,Recommended,428550,25491091,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,The Mighty Biscuit,"Almost perfect. The game is responsive, animation is fluid, combat is fast and challenging.  But the way it handles its two difficulties is frustrating."
,Recommended,428550,25740914,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Azezo,Sad ending : |
,Recommended,428550,25790766,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Snee,"Tight controls, rewarding and challenging combat, satsifying exploration, beautiful art and a charming and surprisingly dark story, Momodora delivers on almost every level."
76561198055713718,Recommended,428550,26055401,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ErogeGarden,"this quenched my dark souls thirst ...has awesome bosseshas i-frameshas replenishable healshas triggerable checkpointshas decent enemy designis kinda grittyrun it on normal its like running with 25+ vigourrun it on hard or harder its like running with ""5"" or less vigourgo hard for your much needed dex♥♥♥♥♥challenge :D"
76561198013549332,Recommended,428550,21741313,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Kaban","I played Momodora III a few months ago, and rather liked it. I thought it was an overlooked gem, worth checking out, but probably not something you would lose sleep over missing out on.This game, however, is without a doubt something I would be sad to miss.It's well-crafted, beautifully drawn, mechanically solid, and utterly captivating."
76561198006571615,Recommended,428550,25832686,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,(=VvV=) Brickhouse,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight, was the most refreshing gaming experience I have had in a while. The game looks beautiful, well polished, great gameplay, and has a great soundtrack to boot. If you are intersted in retro style games or just want to enjoy a well made, atmospheric game definitley check into Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight."
76561198087279698,Recommended,428550,25833150,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tim From HR,"This is a fantastic game. It's somewhat short, but for $10 you can't go wrong with this game. The graphics are stunning and the gameplay is smooth and fun. 9/10, could be a little longer, but the other difficulties give it replayability."
,Recommended,428550,30888270,Posted: 1 April,all,Bitchman,"Beat the game on a seperate account.-Hack and slash-Difficult-Very detailed pixel graphics-Different endings-Cool features such as when you beat a boss without getting hit you get a rare item.-Seemless transitions between screens, no loading time.-Generally polished game feel. It feels like it was under development for a long long time.-Mechanics are skill based. (Such as dodge that makes you invincible for the duration of the roll)-Secrets, lots and lots of secrets.(When you beat the game you get a new game+ feature and an ""impossible mode"" where you get hit once and die. Very very good.)"
76561198349318408,Recommended,428550,30888559,Posted: 1 April,all,BlueDust409,Love it
,Recommended,428550,25991985,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,eX.Hunter,"This game is fun , It has Interesting art for a 2D game and you can use different weapon combos which is also nice.It's kinda challanging in the beginning but once you get good at it , it will be so much enjoyable."
,Recommended,428550,30895098,Posted: 2 April,all,Pantsman,A beautiful metroidvania with with simple and polished gameplay.This game offers a great experience for new and experience gamers alike.
,Recommended,428550,26496063,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ＶＡＰＯＲＳＯＵＬＳ,Cute anime girls + Dark Souls = This beautifully crafted game
76561198065272179,Recommended,428550,26495488,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,GAABBE,"This game is down-right beautiful. Definitely one of the best of the metroid-vania genre, to my knowledge. Simple/challenging. Art is fantasmo. HIDDEN STUFF. All in all, great game.(Pssst! Would also make a super bombtastic H-Game)Just so you dev folk are aware..haha"
76561198070797335,Recommended,428550,26569765,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,krbshake,"Good all around game, fun to play, good pacing, beautiful graphics with ambient music and sound effects.  The game can best be described as Shante meets Darksouls.  Only complaint is it doesn't work on fullscreen on my computer, but I have some weird screen size on my laptop that isn't compadible with lots of things, I forget the exact dimensions but it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  Anyway, this is a solid game I would reccomend picking up, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,428550,26572484,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,CrashBomber,It's a pretty good metroidvania game that has a great look and solid soundtrack.
,Recommended,428550,26570964,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,EndTEmpire,"This game is INCREDIBLY well done! I thoroughly enjoy playing this game and it peels like a game I could play through again searching for more secrets!I'm not spectacular at pros and cons but,PROS:-Very fun fluid gameplay (fighting enemies is fun)-Good controls (does what you ask it to)-GIGANTIC map (lots of areas to explore)-Tons of secrets (lots of little secrets here and there)-Items! (Tons of different items for you to use as you see fit!)-BOSSES! (The bosses are fun and unique, and they may have you dying a few or more times in your attempt to beat them)-Good, clever AI (The AI in this game is smart. Sometimes bosses will change their attack patterns mid fight and COMPLETELY counter what you were doing before hand)-Good replay value! (After you beat the game, you have the option to: ""start from the begining with some changes?"" So far I only notice some more enemies (which is fine!), but I think there's more to it.) (Also this game is just fun to play          again in general.)-Nice artstyle! (This game looks REALLY good! It makes the game just that more enjoyable!)-MUCH MORE!!Cons:-I kinda wish it were longer (It is NOT short though)-Not much else really. . .This game is definantly worth your time if your down for a fairly difficult 2D platforming game with good combat mechanics! (Also there are three more games to the franchise: Momodora I and Momodora II (Name your price on itch.io), and Momodora III ($2.00 on Steam) go check them out!)"
76561198114520504,Recommended,428550,26619959,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Louis,"Really nice and relaxing game.Good story and wonderful gameplay.Would buy it again.(On a sidenote: The animations look really smooth, considering that it is a pixel-style game. Don't know why it fascinates me that much but I love it!)"
76561198046511904,Recommended,428550,26623122,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,jaystarfox123,"no cave story or super metroid, but it scrathes the metroidvania itch.7/10."
76561198118626595,Recommended,428550,26623412,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,lgaraway,"I rarely enjoy indie games. But this one got me hooked right from the start. Not only have they put time and effort into the animations and game mechanics, but also into the story. The story is told through the game itself not by reading a long paragraph of words. Not that I dislike games that have these long paragraphs, but it adds a sense of realism to the game world when the story is told through what you see, not what you read.The dialogue is also pretty good."
76561198241109280,Recommended,428550,26730331,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Phantom_Raze,"Cute but melancholic little metrodvania game with Dark Souls elements (atmosphere, bosses, bonfire, estus system and dodge roll). If you like any of the above stuff, then pick up this game by all means.Also, try to perfect the bosses if you can. You'll be rewarded by an item."
76561198051135004,Recommended,428550,26707000,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pyrowolf,"Great game. Tight controls and great art. Only complaint is the game is very short, roughly 3.5hours."
,Recommended,428550,26626099,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,𝓕𝓻𝓸𝓰𝓜𝓪𝓷,"This game is great.Good things about the game:+Beautiful graphics+Vague but understandable story+Very rewarding and solid mechanics in combat and movement+Great music+Great world and charicter design+Great map organisation for a metroidvania+Secrets are actually secret+Load outs can be varient between defense, exploring, or offence+Not a serious collectithon like other gamesThings that could be better:-Lack of VSYNC option-Game was a bit short-Locked in 4:3 aspect ratio-Normal diffaculty was a bit too easyOver all if you like metroidvania's and enjoy the world and gameplay design of Darksouls then this is a great pickup"
76561198067951569,Recommended,428550,26612876,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Doomlilith,short but sweet chibi metroidvania fun.
,Recommended,428550,26606385,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tatorties,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a execellent 2D Style game with pixel graphics. Personally I would recommend the game for you if you like action, pixelated and intense moments so on...What I liked about the game :Really personally I liked everything, the fact that you can explore everywhere you can (Atleast at the places it doesn't restrict you! Of course, edge of the game) the combat-style was well very good didn't feel like a cheap mash you had to time your attacks or get countered, interesting story too that you puzzle together yourself.Minor thing I disliked :The fact that, you can actually get stuck at certain points of the game confused where you are sometimes. Even losted because most of the map is like a giant maze, restrictions to areas (Need to discover keys, etc.) so it gets annoying when you back-track because you missed a key or something like that (This happened to me alot D:)BUT except from that, it was a execellent game. Thank you for reading! :D"
,Recommended,428550,26610589,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Brothello,"The biggest drawback to this game is it is too short. It can be beaten in four hours by someone who has no idea what they're doing (me).All kidding aside, this game is like a cuter guacamelee. If you think that sounds fun, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,428550,28507023,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,riftplayer3,"Id like to say im not a person who plays alot of these types of games but have played undertale and a few other sorts (Like LiEat, fantastic game btw) But this game was so enchanting to me. The music, the artstyle, the mechanics! They just shot out at me and its truly a wondeful game especially for those who like a little challenge cause its way more than a simple button masher, The game throws you into the world with a bow and a leaf and thats all you get for the rest of the game and it definatly gives you a good challenge. I could go on about the mucis too, but this is a game where youd get more out of the experience rather than a comment. So enjoy!~"
76561198011461080,Recommended,428550,28503731,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,taoisman,"Five key points of a perfect platformer: smooth controls and graphics, powerful mood/atmosphere/emotions, satisfying combat and movement, rewarding sense of progression, and finally sufficient depth of gameplay.This game is anime Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. One of the best games ever made.The only complaint I have is that it's too short, but that's personal preference."
,Recommended,428550,28380663,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,James Tiberius Twerk,Great Metroidvania style game with a great soundtrack and amazing gameplay.
,Recommended,428550,28335404,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,싱니,I'm very bad at this game. I give up :(
,Recommended,428550,28213399,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,zombo,Really fun game. Metroidvania as hell.PROS:+ double jump+ aerial attack+ niche weapon upgrade+ BANGIN' soundtrack+ passive modeCONS:- wish it were longer (still comparable length to price (hardly a con))LETS FUKKEN GO
,Recommended,428550,28213848,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Galaxy Eyes Saifa Doujin,"This fantastic piece of work tastes like a spicy combo of megaman and dark souls. Its very well made and does not hold your hand much. This game also does hardmode the right way, in which you aren't going to beat bosses through luck but through the fact that you completely mastered the fight. It also has a nice soundtrack which only helps.Worth every penny.Buy It."
,Recommended,428550,28211615,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheMadDragon,So Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is my first introduction into Momodora series i enjoyed this game vary much. The beginning is slow but speed up after the first area the game is fun the sound is fantastic the controles are very responsive and the bosses have a level of get ♥♥♥♥ed similar to Dark Souls. I will say if your looking for a fun game with challenging boss fights Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a game i think you might just fall in love with.
76561198049796948,Recommended,428550,28266259,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,SykeMun,Kaho used leaf bladeIt's super effective!
76561198122205081,Recommended,428550,28260092,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Solid Snail,es precioso
76561197971877162,Recommended,428550,28275465,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"A very exciting metroidvania action platformer.  I'm actually glad I started with this game first as it's the prequel to the series.  If you're looking to reminesce your childhood playing on the SNES or Genesis, then this game will fill that hole.  It's not too difficult but can also be frustrating at times.  Much like in Metroid, you can go into other areas in a non-linear fashion to find more upgrades for your health.  There are a few surprises too much like in the Souls games if you explore enough.  Also, much like the souls games, you use areas to rest at to save the game and replenish your health items, of which you only have a finite amount.  Once they're gone, you need to save again.  All in all, a fantastic game."
,Recommended,428550,28190256,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,HitThroughSteel,"Aesthetic and awesome game, with very nice controls.Quite challening when playing on hard."
76561198072188540,Recommended,428550,28228669,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kiyou,"Well designed combat system, cute characters, great BGM. Try it and you won’t regret.The only pity is there is almost nothing about those featured bosses(e.g the girl who fights with a red blade), wanna see more story of them."
,Recommended,428550,28636737,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bielochka,"Stunning, astounding. Unique in its own kind. Momodora gets you from the beginning to the end, with the original and creative characters that you can find and hardly forget after finishing the game, their own personalities make them feel alive to us, the mystery behind them, it's just brilliant.The music is so catchy, it always fit with the different scenarios that the game offers us.Boss fights are pure epicness, and the difficulty is the right one.And, the dynamic and enchanced graphics of the game. Who said that a 2D game can't have such graphics? I think each time I play and close my eyes, I can feel like I was inside the game, so screw the Virtual Reality things that are so popular nowadays, play this game and forget about everything, just for a moment.Do I recommend it? Yeah, waste every single cent you've got for this game, you will enjoy it so much."
,Recommended,428550,28620145,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,toonami99,"This is a good game if your into platforming with a hint of metroid like mechanics.Pros:-basic combat mechnics that suit the character-Good boss battles-good map design with various areas to exploreCons:-The characters dont really flesh out enough, there no additional info from the character interaction nor info on their back ground. For example the witch, I wanted to know more about her and why she came to the city.-the game is short, thats not nessarly a bad con, it was a good lenth, but for others looking for a big adventure, you may be disapointed."
,Recommended,428550,26641921,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nick,"Momodora: RUTM is for anybody who enjoys deep action-adventure oriented 2d sidescrolling platformers. It's a lovely mixed bag of what shmups, beat em ups and metroidvanias have to offer.Gameplay is solid, straight-forward but complex, and thanks to the ability to dodge on the ground (and later in the air), use a bow and arrow and your leaf melee weapon allows you flexibility to a little varied on how you tackle enemies. It has your typical Metroidvania layout and will please explorers who want a great sense of atmosphere and completionists who want to 100% the game by letting them searching every nook and cranny for upgrades. The art and aesthetic are fantastic, you really get into the world this game paints (reminds me of Super Metroid in the respect of how great its atmosphere is). Music is ominous and beautiful; great soundtrack!It's crazy to see how far this game has evolved from the previous Momodora games, where it had its humble roots as a solid Cave Story/Touhou-inspired game series with unique twists to something that really is its own. If you're into games like Shovel Knight, Hyper Light Drifter, Metroid, Megaman, then check this out; it's a pretty cheap game for a great experience."
,Recommended,428550,26850023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rase,"Strong Story and incredible gameplay feeling, a must play to Dark Souls Fans."
,Recommended,428550,26849255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ryan,Very fun
,Recommended,428550,26874905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PrincePerfect,This game scratches the Metroidvania itch perfectly along with beautiful pixel art and silky smooth animations.
,Recommended,428550,26842401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yowkow,"A great metroidvania inspired game, beautiful art and good soundtrack. The only problem is that it's about 5 hours long, but it's still a good purchase and a great experience."
76561198070102706,Recommended,428550,26913121,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sumolagann,"One of the best metroidvania games created. Personally my favourite. Combat, atmosphere, progression is all great. Only con I can come up with would be that it could be longer with more content, but what is available is very good."
,Recommended,428550,26912197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sky,"The soundtrack is beautiful, the art is amazing, and the controls are just how they feel like they should be. This game was an experience, and an enjoyable one at that."
76561198015172420,Recommended,428550,26796648,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,artofwar,"Solid gameplay, great artwork and ambience.   It is fairly short, but I liked it enough to run through it multiple time to get all the achievements."
,Recommended,428550,26851342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HappyKoromaru,"A lonely girl. Lots of small things you're going to want to avoid killing at least for one run. A few big things that you're going to want very dead after their assault on you leaves you dead and cursing their existence.Overall, a properly priced ""git gud"" 'vania that one returns to once in a while to revisit the gorgeous world contained within with one of the smoother soundtracks out there."
76561198102022052,Recommended,428550,26931299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dude117117,Pros: You hit things with a leaf.Characters are cuteMusic is REALLY GREAT.All around great levels.Cons: Things hit you back
,Recommended,428550,27532709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ShinyTyphlosion,Probably one of the best platformers I've ever played.
76561198067446107,Recommended,428550,24523915,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,masterswordlink,"Full price or on sale,this game is good so you wont be disapointed for purchasing.The devs have come along quite a bit with this newest title and it shows.More like this and I couldn't be happier.Gameplay of course is metroidvania and the bosses can be tough but as you progress and get new items you can work your way around and kick some♥♥♥♥♥♥Storyline is simple but haunting and the music,sound effects,create a perfect atmosphere for playing.I give it a perfect 10/10 for me,I am sure you will enoy it as much also."
76561198095162266,Recommended,428550,24484948,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Nemesis,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is the best in the series. As usual, the game has taken the things that worked in the previous games and gone ahead to try and improve. It has been a delight to watch and play this series as it has evolved over the years.This game is mainly a platformer with a soulish feel to it as it features hidden walls, tough bosses, and challenging gameplay. Further examples include,  the 'bell flower' which serves the same purpose as the 'estus' and the prayer bells which are essentially the bonfires. However thats about it for the similarities, Momodora is less punishing and there is even a choice of difficulty from the begininning.Like in the previous games the platforming is solid but unlike the previous games you actually start off with the double jump this time around which was pretty cool.The sound design is as good as the previous games perhaps a step up if anyhting. You will definetly be appreciating the tunage as you play.The creator has improved the aesthetic and made this one look the best in the series, the 16bit graphics are phenominal and the colour palette is very mood; Colorful but washed out is the best way I could describe it. The characters are taller this time around too, which is a welcome change.The metroidvania in this game is more present than the 3rd game which indifferently to the series level design tried to be more linear.This game is truly fun and worth the money. I recommend.9/10"
,Recommended,428550,24535816,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ⓦⓞⓡⓛⓓ ⓟⓔⓐⓒⓔ,"An excellent metroidvania experience with strong influences from the Souls series, all wrapped in a beautifully constructed pixel world with a fantastic soundtrack.Well worth the money, especially if you want a challenge.(Don't play it on Easy, there is literally no point)."
76561198085623498,Recommended,428550,24189937,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MaoShi,"Movement +Combat +Difficulty +Exploration +Audio +Visuals +Length 'alright'Am I a total sucker for metroidvania games? YesThe story left a lot to be desired,especially with the bad ending I ended with (Assuming there's multiple endings).Kinda just left me saying ""ok."" at the very end but I don't really look to story when playing a video game anyway.Everything was great and executed really well with no real flaw IMOOnly thing I experienced was the difficulty scaling. I died way more times to 'Pardoner Fennel' (second boss) than to the final boss. Though that could be me getting used to the controls and combat. (All those health upgrades probably helped a ton as well :P)Would totally recommend this game. 9/10"
76561198028025315,Recommended,428550,24190013,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,crazed99,"Smacked some crazy witch lady's ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, 10/10 game of the year."
76561198041410209,Recommended,428550,24462411,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wei Tu SekSee,Slapped a giant witch's boobs with a maple leaf. 10/10
,Recommended,428550,24817838,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ChickenPotPie,"Luuuuv it. Da graphics, da plot, everything dat ya would wish fur.Wishful Thinkin?"
76561197989533103,Recommended,428550,25024898,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mizzy,"If you like metroidvania games.. well, what are you waiting for !?!???... Seriously, it is a very good game."
76561198029317459,Recommended,428550,25027328,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Beast Tamer,A great metroidvania.
76561198041583107,Recommended,428550,25027642,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TalussAthner,"Really good Metroidvania type game. The gameplau has a bit of a feel of Cave Story plus Dark Souls to me with tight combat that often requires thought put into the situation you come up against. Besides all the this the great pixel art graphics, atmospheric soundtrack, and mysterious but interesting story help it be an even better full experience than just a bunch of good gameplay."
,Recommended,428550,25063531,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DrRetard,"Well worth a play through, doesn't take long and the game is extremely well put together."
76561198307903608,Recommended,428550,25069509,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Cosmos,This game is awesome to say the least. The combat is great and the music is very enchanting. Would highly recommend anyone to play this game! Graphics wise it looks good and pleasing to the eyes. Cant wait for a sequel if there will be one. :)
,Recommended,428550,25058017,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ravioli Ravioli,"Sprites are cute, animations are nice, controls are pretty fluid once you get the hang of the buttons. Also kind of sad at times. Overall a very complete experience, would recommend."
,Recommended,428550,25078062,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Blue Wing Raven,"This is an excellent game. It keeps giving you items and abilities to let you progress further into the game so it is not so linear. However, I feel like if I were to stop playing for a few days, I would be lost on where I was going. There are many secrets and some deep dialog in which I had to just stop and absorb the emotion behind what some characters say. It had great visuals, art, and music. The gameplay was very fluid and responsive. It’s game like these that need to become popular and praised.Older styled games like this, Shovel Knight, and Cave Story seem to have the most fluid and enjoyable gameplay, along with great pixel art.However, I have just beaten it, and the ending kind of sucked. It was a good ending, but it was just so fast and the final boss was too easy. I wish I could have seen something like a cutscene of the world being cleansed and everyone happy or something other than text telling me I brought peace to the world... It was also a very short game, I beat it in less than 5 hours, but I guess I can replay it. It says there are some changes to the game once you have beaten it, but I have not explored that yet. I would have liked to have seen more to this game, more weapons, more characters, more environmental interaction (from weapons)... just more.I would highly recommend this game if you have the money to spend. I liked the experience and I am sure that I will replay it some day in the future."
,Recommended,428550,25023495,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TwilightAmory,"I bought this game on a whim months ago and never touched it, but I decided to give it a chance.Absolutely no regrets. It's a phenomenal game and I wish I had played it sooner. The pixel art is great (especially the bosses and water effects), the gameplay is incredibly challenging but rewarding to learn, and the music is pretty decent as well. If you are looking for a good metroidvania style game, you've found it. The only real downside is that the game is fairly short, but that's helped by its high replay value, with such optional challenges as a pacifist run or killing all the bosses without taking damage.In short, buy this game; I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,428550,30848426,Posted: 31 March,all,MeltyScarlet,"This game may be part of the Momodora series, but coming from the other games, the atmosphere of this game and the simplicity of the controls conjoined with the story telling give it a great game that leaves you determined to see it through."
,Recommended,428550,25059705,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zhire,*load up game**put insane difficulty**insta regret**proceed to get destroyed by pixel*10/10 would go die again
76561198045228979,Recommended,428550,25078704,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Abeyll,"That game is amazing and will suit every Metroidvania lovers.Difficulties are on point, enemies are fun and varied enough for this short game.The story is also simple, simple but nice.I hope to see more from these developers !"
,Recommended,428550,30846348,Posted: 30 March,all,lemin,would smash...
,Recommended,428550,24985976,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GunGuitarist,"The story telling in this game is like-for-like Dark Souls, and I love that vague, cryptic style of story telling, especially when it's dark fantasy. With an amalgamation of Dark Souls and Metroidvanyia elements, smooth, fast combat, and challenging bosses with good phases and patterns, it's hard not to recemmond this game. The developers did a grade A job with this one."
,Recommended,428550,23303174,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,OMGparticles,"There aren't enough great Metroidvania games out there (yet), but this one is definitely worthy of praise. I played through the game on Hard and NG+ and was pleasantly challenged. The game clearly takes inspiritation from the Dark Souls series and applies it to the classic metroidvania formula in a way that ends up feeling really solid. The difficulty is there but like Dark Souls it is presented in such a way that you can learn from your mistakes and don't feel too frustrated (most of the time at least). There are plenty of secrets to find and it seems like there might even be multiple endings, though I've only found one so far. The power-ups feel impactful and the consumables refresh their charges at save points (think Estus from Dark Souls). The consumables were never explained however, so I went through most of my first run without ever using them.All in all I really enjoyed this game, and plan on running through it again. Hope to see more games like this from the developer in the future. I might consider checking out some of the previous titles in the series as well."
,Recommended,428550,24281034,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,kwc_17,Awesome game! A must-play for metroidvania fans.I eagerly await the next Momodora.
,Recommended,428550,24246371,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dewdel,"Cavestory meets Castlevania, with a nice, dark, bloodborne esq undertone.Momodora: Get Rekt and keep playing!very easy control scheme, especially with a game pad and with interesting side missions, characters and content to be worth the light price tag :D"
,Recommended,428550,24360255,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),ProsThe game is very similair to the megaman ZX games.ConsOnce you get to 50-60% map completion it is very easy to get lost. Finding what you have to do next is like finding a needle in a haystack.Sidenote: not dark souls/not castlevania
,Recommended,428550,24369567,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Bastardizer,A 4-5 hour long love affair. What a game. Sublime execution in terms of the world building and game mechanics with the most charming visual style. For everyone who crave for the solid metroidvania experience with some twists.Pros* Graphics and style.* Interesting characters.* Bosses.* Things to collect without boring backtracking.Cons* Short.* Some of the equpment is useless in the context of the game.
76561198056624027,Recommended,428550,24384591,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mafagafinho,"Excelent game. Tight controls, gorgeous music and visual style, charismatic characters and quite unpredictable turn of events in the storyline. If you're a fan of platformers in general, I can't recommend this game enough."
76561197963997456,Recommended,428550,24385302,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Combat Mime,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight's metroidvania gameplay is very competent and its story, while a bit short and anti-climactic at times, has great atmosphere and kept me interested all the way to the end. The difficulty is well tuned, providing rewarding challenges without being excessively frustrating, the music is lovely and the overall experience is very enjoyable.But with all that said, what really blew my mind was the downright gorgeous pixel art and animations, which make this game a real pleasure to navigate and gave me a good case of nostalgia for the golden age of sprite art. It's a disappointing trend that indie games with this level of artistry are too often not recognized for their rare quality and in our rush to cross the uncanny valley, a lot of us have forgotten the wonderfull and charming place we have left behind.The only complaint I have is that the game felt short and the story seems it was wrapped up in a hurry. Some characters are introduced and bow out of their respective acts with masterful storytelling while others seem to suggest such a story but ultimately disappear abruptly leaving me puzzled as to whether I had missed a zone in the game. It's important that I do make the distinction: Momodora is not lazy; nothing about it feels unfinished or lacking attention to details. Its experience speaks for itself and the passion of its creators. It's just that this game feels as if there were portential that could have been tapped into by the end of a playthrough but maybe that's because it just left me wanting more."
,Recommended,428550,30825454,Posted: 29 March,all,Xezile,A unique yet familiar art style and gameplay.
,Recommended,428550,23733889,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,anders - afk from 12th to ???,"Um, can i just say this game is a perfect 10/10 for what it tries to do? the controls are thight, storytelling, atmosphere, animations everything is on point. struggeling through the game the first time is awesome. You discover secrets, learn about the world you're in, and you really get scared like in dark souls when you don't know if you are gonna make it to the next checkpoint (which are bells AND THAT IS AWESOME because you literally hit checkpoints to save). There is an achievement which requires that you do not kill any common enemy and it's so different how you play when you want to get it. the bosses (which all are unique and epic) drop special items when you kill them without getting hit, these are pretty hard to get but some of them are extremely powerful."
76561197975090366,Recommended,428550,24422619,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,VoodooLife,My favorite side-scroller since dawn of sorrow
,Recommended,428550,24425145,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Burn,IF you are a fan of metroidvania and difficulty (such as dark souls). I would highly suggest this game.
,Recommended,428550,24311371,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dubyateaeff,Have not played any other games in the series but this one makes me very interested in the world and characters. First playthrough and beat within 5 hours so a bit on the short side but that's the only strike against a very solid and beautiful metroidvania. Can't wait for the next one.
76561197995352047,Recommended,428550,24310372,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ehtna,You get to be a cat and go searching for bugs.
,Recommended,428550,24308551,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,onibatsu,"I have not finished this game yet, but so far I would definitely recommend this game.The art style, atmosphere and feel are terriffic, control is pretty tight (though I really wish I could use my ps4 controller natively). The challenge of the game is pretty moderate, it feels like an older Castevania title.  Looking forward to spending more time with this title to finish it, this is a fun game and feel this is a studio worth investing in by buying their game(s)."
,Recommended,428550,24308996,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Nev626,"One of the best metroidvainia games i have played in a long time!Beautiful sprite work, and soundtrack!Felt like an instant classicI had a hard time putting this game down before i finished it!Played through on Normal had a decent amount of challenge, cant wait to try HardOnly bad thing i could say about it, is it felt a little short.P.S. Found out after beating it that its the fourth in the series of Momodora games!Keep rockin guys!"
,Recommended,428550,24323959,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,excessive umlauts,Please play.
76561198038904855,Recommended,428550,27529534,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Synaptic,The love child of Dark Souls and Symphony of the Night. Not many games feel this good to play.
,Recommended,428550,27535764,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mekkx,"As a fan of metroidvania games, I bought this game thinking it would be like most other games of that genre. This is true to ome extent, but it is my favorite game of the genre. It focuses less on the movement options, but makes up for it with everything else about the game. The music is fantastic; some of my favorite video game music ever. In addition, the graphics are great, and go with the theme very well. The gameplay is fun, and it never seems easy. If played on the harder difficulties, you will find yourself getting  ery frustrated, but something about the whole experience pushes you to keep going. I never thought that a game could be so beautuful, and somehow Momomdora Reverie Under the Moonlight managed that as weel as an amazing sountrack and fun gamplay. If you are a fan of Metroidvania games, or are new the the genre, I cant recoment this game enough. The only thing negative about this game I have to say is that I wished it was longer. I played it twice, on different difficulties, and both times I finished wanting more of the game. Again, if you are thinking about getting this game, Just buy it, and play it."
,Recommended,428550,27571595,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gregory Hawke,"Combining the spirit of the Souls franchise with the gameplay of Symphony of the Night, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a joy to play. At its core, this game is basically a 2D Metroid-style exploration game, with an emphasis on melee combat. Most of the map can be tackled in any order the player sees fit. Adjustable difficulty settings allow for the game to be accessible to people of nearly all skill levels, so even though I started this review with a comparison to Dark Souls, casual players need not be scared off and expert players will certainly find a challenge in the higher difficulty levels. The game even includes a New Game + mode right out of the Souls series, with tweaked enemy encounters during your subsequent playthrough.The pixel art is gorgeous and the soundtrack is appropriately moody, but the real reason to play this game is the basic kinesthetics of play. The simple action of moving, jumping, and fighting are expertly honed to just feel good, weighty, and impactful. Simply put, just moving around the main character alone is worth the price of admission. Add to that smart level design, moody atmosphere, well designed boss encounters, and a vaguely defined melancholic story (right out of the Dark Souls school of story telling) and the result is an exemplary exploration based 2D platformer."
,Recommended,428550,27562163,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ILikeSaladForks,Challenging and with a great atmosphere. I just wish it was longer.
,Recommended,428550,27441518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,awolfcalledbed,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  Goog freaking game, expecially for the price, I mean, wow.  If you like platformers like FEZ, but hated the pointlessness of that one, you'll love momodora. The gameplay and the controls are excellent.  The graphics are top-notch, the sound effects are Atari-like, and the music is very emotional, but low-key.  My only minor complaint would be that there's no setting for turning on screen-sync, because once in a while there's tearing.  But it's rare compared to most games.  Mos' def worth a purchase imho."
,Recommended,428550,27577231,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tciecka,"A great platform based exploration game with a strong but silent (like Gordon Freeman) female protagonist.  If you like any of the side scrolling Metroid games from Nintendo, you will be very happy.  The gamepad controls are extremely responsive and the in-game menus are setup to allow the pad to execute everything without need for your keyboard.  The story and characterization are somewhat vague but they provide enough detail to keep it interesting and driving you on to the next area.I have not beaten the game, as yet, but it seems that, like Super Metroid, it would be an awesome game to speedrun.Highly recommended at any price!"
,Recommended,428550,28248072,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ky,Great graphics + Great music + Great controls + Great boss battles = Good times.If you are on the fence about buying this game - Just buy it.Quit sitting on THE FENCE.
,Recommended,428550,28024602,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pantsu on Climax'd Magic,Cat
,Recommended,428550,28126338,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,anime is for geys !!!,very nice
76561198062012613,Recommended,428550,28124561,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bravo075,"If you're a Souls fan you will definitely love this game. The game has an open-world-like feel to it and a lot of the areas are interconnected which makes opening shortcuts not only useful but satisfactory. Much like a Souls game if you rush through on your first playthrough you will end up dying a lot, but the mechanics are very easy to master so you'll be slaying bosses in no time. The atmosphere of the game is also very well made, the music and ambience gives it a dark tone and the character sprites are consistent with the world.I recommend this game 100%, my only con is that it feels a bit short, but I do understand that the team behind this is rather small and a game like this takes a lot of work to do. Kudos to the devs, keep it up."
,Recommended,428550,28105289,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Akane Tendo,This game is so damn fun! It is definitely worth the time; so check it out.
76561198077593486,Recommended,428550,28109328,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dali,"An amazing platformer with a great soundtrack. The game captures the violent mythology atmosphere and the areas work perfectly with the crisp spritework. Has pretty damn good bosses too. Like many others here, the game felt a bit short. I'd recommend playing on hard because thats when the game shines most truly showing its ability to make you play while always preparing for what lies ahead."
,Recommended,428550,28067229,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Neviel,"Really cutie game with awesome ost and unforgettable style of pixel art :3I did enjoy it, it was definitely worth its price"
,Recommended,428550,28316215,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,OnlyCrisp,One of the best games I've ever played. Short and sweet with great challenges for everyone.
,Recommended,428550,26620368,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zabieru,"Awesome Metroidvania-style game. I really recommend if your kinda bad at these, cause it's a really nice introduction to the genre. Finding secrets are about the best part of the game! I highly suggest."
,Recommended,428550,28492912,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nicole Hazel,Love the game! It's got some very detailed level design and challenging gameplay. The sprites and backgrounds are just beautiful. Please buy this if you like Metroidvania and Souls-like games. This should be great for you.DEVS: This game would be perfect for consoles and handheld devices. Thanks! ;P
,Recommended,428550,28091012,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Loman,"A very enjoyable 5 hour game.If you enjoy Metroid or Castlevania type games you'll enjoy this.btw, the setting and story touched on a Dark Souls type vibe. So bonus right?"
76561198128691598,Recommended,428550,28204682,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,IAmMOJOJOJO,one of the best metrodvaina games i've played in yearsthe only bad thing about it is that if you know what you are doing then you could finish the game in one sitting(of about 2-4 hrs)
,Recommended,428550,28100674,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Killzone729,"I will not write a very long review as plenty of individuals have gone into much detail on this game. But after starting it tonight I could not ignore the opportunity to write a review which I seldom do. This game is one of the best 2D sidescrolling games I have ever played. Comparable to Dust: An Elysian Tale in regards to the addictive gameplay abeit simplistic.There were two things that stood out to me when reading prior reviews. The first was smooth gameplay. I don't typically think that would be used to describe a ""bit"" graphic stylized game, but here it could not be more true. The animations are extremely fluid and the shadowing effects are beautiful. The ambience of the world due to this is incredible. Which speaking of ambience, the second to mention thing is the soundtrack. The music is on point in this game giving an overall creepy and hopeless feeling in the world you are playing.I am not currently done with the game but the map shows me at 69% completion for finding all of the rooms. For record Steam shows my play time at 4.7 hours at the time of this review. I plan to finish this game very soon and look at what else this developer has done as they clearly know how to make one hell of a game.Finished Edit: I have just finished this masterpiece of a game and all the way up to the end it was fantastic. While I would like to go around and finish getting collectibles and achievements, I personally feel it would detract from my experience. I also have an insanely large back catalogue of games to finish.For anyone on the fence about getting this game. Do yourself a favor and buy it!"
,Recommended,428550,28114328,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,andrejugaxaters,"Overall, this game very exitced! Character, movement, background, musics, stories, secrets.Although of appearance such as pixels, but this game is so incredible. I do not regret buying and playing this game until completed."
,Recommended,428550,28333993,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,The Sound of Dunder,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is unabashedly a 2D Dark Souls game, and it is wonderful. It's a 2D metroidvania with a dark atmosphere, many dodge rolls, really great art style, solid animation, and a short-but-satisfying play time. It's 10 bucks, so it's a steal for how solid of a game it is. It also seems to be on sale pretty often as well."
76561198347667677,Recommended,428550,28494742,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lonelysolaire,"You like DarkSouls? You like 2D pixel games? If your answer is yes, then this game is right for you"
,Recommended,428550,27530918,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HalfNHalf,"This is a Dark Souls-esque, 2D platforming Metroidvania, single-player game, if you were at all skeptical.More importantly, this game is awesome.The art is some of the best, most fluid pixel-art I've seen.The dialogue/story/atmosphere is reminiscent of and just as enthralling as what I experienced in the Dark Souls series, without being a ripoff; It's got a more 'Miyazaki' quality anime style to it.For seasoned Dark Souls and/or platformer gamers, I'd highly recommend this one.  If you're well invested in *both* genres, go right ahead and start on hard difficulty.  It's well worth the challenge, and it fills you with that appropriate sense of hopelessness and struggle that you'd want from a Souls game!Lastly, it does have an 'extreme' mode, for all you hardcore gamers."
76561198083719944,Recommended,428550,30945450,Posted: 4 April,all,Dr. Pibb Can't Shoot,"There's an achievement for giving your dirty mushroom to an imp girl. I would say 10/10, but this game goes to 11.Also it's hard. And I don't mean the mushroom..."
,Recommended,428550,27478700,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trillions Tems,"Seriously, if you enjoy incredibly tightly-controlled platformers, and have even a passing interest in Castlevania-style games, this is absolutely for you."
,Recommended,428550,27426665,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Player-kun,"This game is like a mink, it's cute and adorable.But it'll nip ya, a nasty one too."
76561197986035416,Recommended,428550,27392120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ToreCore,"Fantastic metrovania type platformer with melee and ranged combat.The scenery and background story is reminiscent of Dark Souls with very cool enemy designs and environments.Somewhat short with some replay value in the New Game + mode.Overall, I absolutely loved it and wished it was longer or had a sequel."
76561198047006607,Recommended,428550,27366793,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grd,Just play it.
,Recommended,428550,23766636,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shaffler,One of the boss's weakpoint is her boobs. What are you waiting for!?
,Recommended,428550,27379981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TehTyde,"Very challenging, but very fun. Changed the keys around a bit and really love it. Gameplay is clean and the level design is excellent."
76561198045684241,Recommended,428550,26953982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neon Lad,DO YOU LIKE PLAYING THE ORIGINAL METROID TITLES?HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF CASTLEVANIA???HAVE YOU EVER WANTED DARK SOULS TO BE HARDER AND IN 2D?!?!?!IF ANY OF THE ABOVE APPLY THEN YOU MUST PURCHASE THIS GAME NOW!!! ACT FAST AND START WASTING YOUR LIFE PLAYING THROUGH THIS CAMPAIGN 28059385 TIMES TODAY!!!!!10/10 would spam arrows again.
76561198126325025,Recommended,428550,27361910,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,princess-m-alice,rlygood/10
,Recommended,428550,27273849,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zaketh,"The comparison to Dark Souls is almost impossible to make, but it really is such a good take on the formula in 2D. The controls are super tight, the fights are fun as heck, and all the art/music/atmosphere has that signature Momodora Charm. I didn't think it was possible ot make a game that I liked more than Momo 2, but this one far and away takes the cake."
,Recommended,428550,32093866,Posted: 31 May,all,Goris,Fun and cute. ~7h for a playthrough
,Recommended,428550,32056539,Posted: 29 May,all,Tomato,A short but sweet intense action platformer. Great atmosphere and gameplay. Satisfying exploration and challenge. Definitely worth checking out.
,Recommended,428550,32136418,Posted: 2 June,all,Gedon,"A definite improvement over the previous titles, though it feels something to be desired. (Some spoilers included)Momomomomo 4 is very nice. The graphics are beautiful, the platforming is tight and the combat mechanics work pretty well. However there were defnitely parts where it seemed like there would be more to something but that was not the case. The cat sphere is a very good example of this! First of all, the witch lady being a reoccuring boss fight made it seem like she was going to be a big thing. However you only fight her twice, and her death in the second fight was so anticlimatic that I was expecting her to come back all the way up until I beat the game.Anyways, once you beat her you are cursed into a cat form! Which you think would now be an interesting mechanic like the morph ball in Metroid that is used often to navigate and do puzzles. However once you get out of cat jail the cat sphere is hardly ever used. If you aren't looking for collectibles I think it's only used once or twice after you get it, which feels quite dissapointing.Also, I know that getting everything beforehand doesn't help, but the last boss felt like the easiest in the game, even with the extra form you get to fight if you have the tea leaf. In fact, that form is even easier than the first two! Granted I played on normal difficulty but, I feel like they should've balanced that boss to make them at least a little tricky even if you have max health and healing items. I didn't even use all 10 of the healing items I had in that fight, and I had 4 full heals in reserve just in case that got never used....I'd say up to the 3/4 mark though the game is quite enjoyable, due to not knowing what is or isn't coming and the difficulty being challenging but fun. There were a lot of cool moments in the game that hyped me up for more like that to come but it never really did.I'd say this game is somewhere between decent and good, though I can't think of a word for that.7/10 had fun but also felt dissapointed a lot"
76561198091482639,Recommended,428550,32169054,Posted: 3 June,all,kokushun,Animations are amazing.
76561198210188036,Recommended,428550,32154836,Posted: 3 June,all,Aquastorm,damn this game was awesome! i love it!:IF_VII:
76561197993703914,Recommended,428550,30440404,Posted: 10 March,all,Primate,Cave Story meets Dark Souls in this excellent game. Artwork and animation is top notch. I would love to see more from this developer.
,Recommended,428550,32211920,Posted: 5 June,all,Yushio,"I'm so glad I found this game, it reallt is a 'hidden gem'I love these kind of gamesThe art style is amazing, and along with the soundtrack it creates a unique atmosphere.The gameplay is excellent, and I enjoyed every moment of it, I just wish there were a different ending.I look forward to what the creators produce next."
76561198256733737,Recommended,428550,32214740,Posted: 5 June,all,LionheartLV,"This game is amazing. Played this game without any expectations but the game blew my mind. The animations are amazing, the music fits perfectly.  The combat is so smooth, fluid and feels great. The game can be a challenge but there are multiple difficulties so players can play at their own skill level or play through every difficulty like me. I haven't played many 2-D side-scroller metroidvania style games before but this game reinvigorated the way I feel at these games and got me to play many other ones, but I still haven't found one where I love as much as this game. This game is definitely one of my favorite games that I've ever played."
,Recommended,428550,32213029,Posted: 5 June,all,Rowsdower,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a Metroidvania action platformer. What makes this game great is not only its fluid gameplay but its story and setting.You play as a priestess named Kaho who wishes to talk to the Queen of Karst because a plague of demons has invaded originating from Karst has invaded her home. Upon arrival in Karst you find that the population has become insane from all the demons. After the forest level the game has a dark and foreboding atmosphere which really captivates you in the story.Gameplay is simple. You move with the arrow keys and can do the following, jump, roll, perform a melee attack, cast magic, and shoot arrows. You refill your magic items and health at checkpoints. You have two types of magic items: active and passive. Active items work upon activation and you get a certain number of each item before you have to refill it. Some active items include healing items, attack up items, and attack items. Passive items affect your stats or ability. One can increase your resistance to status ailments, another can increase the speed of your arrows, and another can give your attacks flame damage. It is not overwhelming unlike other games where you get so many abilities so that the game has a steep learning curve.As I said before this is a Metroidvania style game so you can go back to previous areas and unlock new passages. Karst city acts like a central hub for this game and later in the game you get the ability to teleport between certain checkpoints. There is also a side quest where you can find 20 bugs in the game and you get items for each five bugs you find (maybe it's five).The simple and fluid controls, customizable playstyles, and an exportable world make this game a must buy."
,Recommended,428550,30453524,Posted: 11 March,all,Quantum Abs,"Excellent, very enjoyable, and relatively fast paced.  it is mildly difficult at times, but is possibly one of my favorite games now."
76561198098024001,Recommended,428550,30458300,Posted: 11 March,all,Lord TNT,"Having played and enjoyed a little bit of the first Momodora game, I went into this one expecting something good. What I did not go into this expecting was something THIS good. Like, seriously. This game is great. If you're a fan of exploration-based action platformers (like Cave Story), then I'd say that this game is an essential. Buy it."
,Recommended,428550,26837753,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Diecinueve,"This game is charming. The sprites are very well done while being accented by the level design and subtle sound track. This is a title that may start off slow for you, but once you get the game going you will find yourself playing it till finish. And that may be the only knock against it. You could beat the game in about 6 to 7 hours if you choose to mess around with secrets. Even with that, this game is worth picking up and playing. It is a true Gem of the ""Metriodvania"" genre."
,Recommended,428550,28657679,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Phantom Lazer,I turned into A kitty.  10/10 game of the year.
76561198138777595,Recommended,428550,28705389,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KickflipMcPebble,"I really goddamn love this game. It's my first indie/pixelated/thingy game that i've played. Would I play it again? Hell. Yes. But seriously, apart from the trouble with controls and unclear parts such as the wind dash (might have just been a lack of me paying attention/sucking) I think it's a worthy investment."
,Recommended,428550,28730173,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AlphaBlob,"This game is a great metroidvania, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,428550,28675719,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,❣Flair❣,"Chibi Souls confirmed, but no really it's a pretty overall good platformer, with a challenging learning curve for people new to the genre, but a very satisfying payoff. Would recommend :)"
,Recommended,428550,28660885,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dik Fuk (The Dong Smasher),"Fantastic little Metroidvania that kept me so interested I beat it in one sitting!The artwork is fantastic.Controls are super tight.The animation quality and level design is top tier.Only one con however, the game is too short.Definitely buy this game and play it! You will NOT regret it!"
,Recommended,428550,28615041,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jammin Hyaku,"Two words to describe this game, 1. Frustrating, 2. Woah.Saw this game last night, and decided to pick it up as well as Momodora 3 this morning, both for under 10$. What a steal, these are amazing indie games. While reverie under the moonlight is great, the only, ONLY, thing that bothered me about it is how much it copies from the Dark Souls/Bloodborne series. Other than that its amazing. The pixel graphics are beautifully done, soundtrack is lovely, and the bosses are very difficult. I only played on easy and got quite frustrated at some of them, but was well worth getting through the hard times. Game took me about 5 hours, however i got the bad ending and went back to do some criteria to get the good ending, which took about another hour. Overall spent 4 hours in Momodora 3 this morning and 6 hours in Momodora 4 this afternoon, and was time well spent. Recommended!9/10"
76561198026522836,Recommended,428550,28614064,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,psychicllama,is good game
,Recommended,428550,28632783,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Darksider,"I really have a good time playing it.A cool metroidvania with its classic pros and cons. The bow make the game a little too easy, I think. And I couldn't really get into the story, because like most of metroidvania game, the lack of narrative make it difficult... But eh, for the time it last, it was a blast !I would have really appreciate an art book !"
,Recommended,428550,27547177,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jools64,This is a fantasic little game. A bit on the short side but every other aspect of the game is so carefully crafted and enjoyable that its still worth every penny.
76561197964797343,Recommended,428550,27529143,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ptaa,"Great metroidvania with a great atmosphere, tight controls and fantastically pretty pixels."
,Recommended,428550,27160727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,deadcrazyoldman,a really cool and challenging metroidvania style game.  Worth playing
,Recommended,428550,27136858,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,minusInfinite,At one point I placed this on my Steam wish list and then promptly forgot about it. To my memory as to why I'm not sure. That aside I'm really enjoyed the 5 or so hours I've sent on this and while I have yet to get to the end I feel completed to do a write up about it.Full review -http://www.minusinfinite.net/2016/05/game-review-momodora.html
,Recommended,428550,27231265,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,эстетический,This is my favorite game released this year. Great platforming with diffecult enemies and bosses. Pick it up if you're looking for a solid 2-d platformer.
,Recommended,428550,27063851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neo,"A small, yet fast-paced game that is fun to play and takes a lot to master.I would recommend this to anyone, especially those who want a challenge with the harder difficulties."
,Recommended,428550,27056393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abi,"A fun little game with a surprisingly interesting story, smooth and satisfying gameplay and gorgeous pixel art."
,Recommended,428550,27042951,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,room of mush,"This is a really good game. The art is nice and is well designed and gives the world depth and feeling by the contrasting areas. The soundtrack is probably one of my favorite ones that I have heard. The controls are crisp and easy to pick up but offer quite a surprising amout of depth. The boss battle are all really enjoyable and can be fairly challenging. Oh, and the insane mode is actually really really hard, so that's fun if you like that. The story is a bit sad, but great games tend to be. Also there are quite a few secrets."
,Recommended,428550,28745020,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Awoo of the Senate,"This game felt like it was done to perfection. The gameplay was challenging and fair; the characters felt good to listen to and see. The story itself was really well done, and the music and artstyle were amazing and dit really well with the story. The progression of the game actually feels like you're getting stronger as you go, and the items in the game actually gave me a bit of choice in what seemed to just be a simple action platformer. The ending was amazing and is something that needs to be experienced by everyone; not just watched on YouTube and forgotten. The controls for the game (on controller and on keyboard) I felt were wonderful, and helped the game along the way. Deaths in this game were plentiful, but could've easily been avoided with the games dodging mechanic, ability to pause the game to take a moment, and the reusability of healing items when you reach a save point. All in all, the game is just amazing, and completely worth the price that its given. The four and a half hours it took me to get everything in the game was time well spent, as I couldn't stop wanting to play it up until the very end to see what would happen to the protagonist.Tl;dr: go and play this game. Its fully worth its price point, even at 4-5 hours in length. The gameplay, visuals, story and soundtrack make this game a 10/10."
76561198069650691,Recommended,428550,28741191,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Avengeful_Fox,"Key thing to remember with this game is:If you don't learn how to dodge-roll, you're gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,428550,21676893,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Yomawari,"i bought this game because i saw that amazing trailer. and yes, its really cool :Dthe normal mode was really hard even at the first stage, but the easy one made me feel invincible. i need something between them :|"
,Recommended,428550,21681032,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Toasty484,"My first Momodora game, and probably not the last. Challenging and enjoyable combat with the sense of wonderment and discovery that makes it, like everybody says, a mix between Castlevania and Dark Souls. Easily worth the asking price of ten dollars."
,Recommended,428550,21670579,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vycodyn,"It's difficult to explain why this game feels so amazing.  A large part of it is that it effectively embraces nostalgia; it feels and plays like a game you might have played on Sega Genesis or Super Nintendo, but it has the added bonus of being so fluidly animated that it feels like the BEST version of the game you might have played.  It's hard, but it never feels like the difficulty is a punishment: you die, you learn, you get better, you continue on.  The soundtrack is phenomenal.  The character design is very anime-ish, which might be a turn off to some, but it feels appropriate and the sprite based animation makes it a joy to watch in motion.  I haven't gotten very far, but I've been highly enjoying it.  Can't wait to see what else this developer does."
,Recommended,428550,21672403,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nacho The Fox,I like this and the fact the weapon is a leaf is awesome.
,Recommended,428550,21673782,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DarkestKnight94,"I don't normally go out of my way to write reviews for anything, but in this case I feel it is 100% warranted. Dark Souls and Metroidvania are my two all time favorite franchises, and I feel that this game is a perfect incarnation of them both. This is the greatest cure for the itch I have had for this type of game, and I couldn't be more thankful for it. From the standpoint of the game itself, it's all around fantastic. The graphics and art are beautiful, the combat is simple yet satisfying, and the challenge level is just right.This is a franchise that I pray evolves and lives long. 10/10."
,Recommended,428550,21674077,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gr3nade,"Pretty damn fun. Played on normal mode. Easy is a COMPLETE joke. Normal is fairly challenging. Hard looks like you get nearly one shotted by everything. It's somewhat like Dark Souls in that its pretty unforgiving if you ♥♥♥♥ up as well as the atmosphere and story; it's a pretty grizzly tale. I finished the game and the ending I got makes me pretty much certain that there are more endings to the game so I'll probably beat it again and try to figure out how to get a better ending. The pixel graphics are fantastic as well. Boss fights could use a little work, just seemed a bit repetetive, some were better than others. Nothing really stood out as far as music goes but it was pretty good. But the biggest flaw in the game is how short it is, I beat it in four hours, not going particularly fast. I will probably play it again, which is partly because the game is short, so maybe it's not that bad a thing. A little more length and more interesting bosses would make this an absolute masterpiece. Still a great game though 8.5/10."
,Recommended,428550,21674151,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Yarpblat,"I don't normally like Metroidvania type games since in my experience they tend to err on the side of overly obtuse and diffcult.  Momodora however gets it right - the game is easy to wrap your head around, has modern amenities (in-game map!), a great soundtrack, and multiple difficulty levels."
76561197977151500,Recommended,428550,21669293,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Subis,"Great game, had a ton of fun with it."
76561198053439522,Recommended,428550,21719449,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Joebiggie,"Bought the game at full price at launch, and I can't even be mad that it went on sale.Awesome pixel-art graphics, challenging bosses (with rewards for actually playing well against them/not taking damage in the form of power up items for your character), open-ended exploration, great atmosphere, appropriately sparse and well-composed soundtrack never feels intrusive, absolutely amazing game. Seems designed for speedrunning and challenge playthoughs (i.e. pacifist runs, multiple difficulties etc.) Long enough to feel satisfying and short enough that it doesn't overstay it's welcome. Buy it now and thank me later"
,Recommended,428550,21723646,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Moose Loaf,"Super fun metroidvania game - lots of secrets, fun bosses, tons of items, and a good ost.Very challenging on higher difficulties (would definitely recommend normal on your first playthrough).My only complaint is that I wish it had a couple more areas (there are only about 6), but that's just cause I didn't want it to end."
76561198121334224,Recommended,428550,21720656,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,jakerussell17,"The combat system is so cool, judging by the game's graphics I didn't think fighting could be this challenging and unique. An amazing piece of art for lnly $10"
,Recommended,428550,21720946,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dr.Crash and Bash,You can turn into a cat 20/10 hope this game is loved even more! (gives you a challange aswell)
,Recommended,428550,21828503,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DesertPogona,This game is great. Don't use a guide. I got really into exploring and figuring out what to do and what NOT to do.It starts out REALLY hard though.
76561198102806210,Recommended,428550,21829001,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,themightyboost,"It's good! It's a fairly standard metroidvania that takes about 5/6 hours to beat.It's very challenging, but has lower difficulties if you can't nail the dodging mechanic. Very much worth the low asking price.There are very few traditional ""ability upgrades"" that unlock new areas, it's more the kind of game where you can get around nearly everywhere from the start. But there's still a lot of exploration to be done.Graphics are brilliant but I can't say anything good about the audio unfortunately. There's almost no music throughout the whole game to give off a certain feel/ambience but I think it hurts a lot more than it helps. Sounds are contrastly pretty loud and grainy sounding.You don't have to have played previous titles to enjoy this game (I haven't)"
,Recommended,428550,21702121,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Mollord,"The Momodora series has a quality and care about it that sets it apart from many games of its ilk. The newest game in the series is a beautiful piece of work in every one of its qualities (the gameplay mechanics, the backgrounds, and the characters and world lore). $10 is worth it for anyone, but if you're a fan of Castlevania it's absolutely priceless."
,Recommended,428550,21699571,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Super Sonic,"When people described this as having elements of Castlevania and Dark Souls, I was instantly sold and I’m glad I was. What I discovered was a highly original title with familiar elements, making for one awesome game. The combat is fluid and on point, the atmosphere and music are intense throughout and the graphics are stunning with some amazing animation. A single play through will probably last 4-6 hours depending on how you play but there are multiple difficulties and new game + to add some extra replay value. It is certainly a short and sweet experience, but it left me wanting more."
76561198189070763,Recommended,428550,30733014,Posted: 25 March,all,CrimReaper,"A very fun metroidvania, good gameplay, story a bit confusing but I've personally played it for the gameplay , I liked some bosses and hated others, all in all a good experience , took me around 8 Hours to finish on hard so it's a bit short if you ask me , the fast travel is a bit confusing and the shops should show up on the map but these are minor issues"
,Recommended,428550,21894092,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Icarus Amadeus,"A truly enchanting game. Highly reccomended.Although this is the forth title in the series, this was my first . Going to go back and  pick up Momodora three.Hope to see the first two installments on steam at some point in the future.Thanks to the creative team for this work of art."
,Recommended,428550,21679716,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ebrietas,"The game is fun and the aesthetics are nice. There is a sort of visual shift after the first stage, its a good one.The difficulty is pretty rough at first, but gets progressively more lenient if you gather all the good items and optional upgrades and secrets.And now the keyboard has custom assignable keys, so you can set it to whatever you're comfortable with."
,Recommended,428550,21780304,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,My Nationalist Pony,If you like the handheld Castlevania games you're gonna LOVE this.
76561198168159384,Recommended,428550,21936288,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,blutank,good sidescroller audio seems a little eh but great overall love the atmosphere
,Recommended,428550,21938476,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,RoxiiBee,This is an amazing game!
76561198045887118,Recommended,428550,21928801,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Omniscientguest,Died on the second enemy. 10/10
76561198084485684,Recommended,428550,21949004,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Eversmen,"Game is  a must have 2d game loversAmazing game,  perfect animation and game play , amazing sound track .Downsides  :  it is short but the ending could have a better narrative to it... also past the middle of the game there are almost no dialogues."
,Recommended,428550,21955216,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,d00d3n,"This game is fantastic. It has great gameplay with the Dark Souls-esque item system, the focus on dodging and the interconnected design, but what really sells the game for me is the graphics and soundtrack. The game excels at giving each area a unique ambience, to the point where it is satisfying to just walk around while seeping in the atmosphere."
76561198048404089,Recommended,428550,21730575,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ImGerik,"Oh how I wish I had the skill to program a game this awesome.Beautiful, cute, and smoooth. Such a great little package of a game. 1010"
,Recommended,428550,21723538,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Aruz,"Very fun game. The game length feels just right, with a 100% playthrough on hard taking me around 4 hours. Combat is simple in a good way. You have a 3 hit ground combo, an air hit, arrows, and a roll that you're invincible in. The difficulty in combat comes from timing and knowing when to dodge attacks. Items allow for some customization in your playstyle, and the variety in them is great. The game gives some nice freedom in the beginning, allowing you to visit locations and fight most of the bosses in any order before the final two ares (unreachable until you get 4 crests by beating the bosses).Speaking of bosses, the boss fights are great. Almost all attacks the bosses have are telegraphed before they come out, making it feel fair whenever you receive damage. Most of the bosses are pretty unique battles too, so there's some nice variance in those fights (though there is one repeated boss battle).Story is... relatively light. Characters come and go rather quickly while not saying much, and the story itself is rather predictable. I'd say that's the weakest part but it is by no mean bad, just not as fleshed out as I'd like. The ambience is great too, most of the game has a very grim atmosphere to it. Easily recommendable, very fun, worth the money."
,Recommended,428550,21682771,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Stungun,"Just did a runthrough of the game, 100% on Normal. Now here are my thoughts. Just a disclaimer though -- I am not a long time fan of the series, in fact this is the first I'd ever heard of Momodora, and thus I have only played this one.If you want to know what you're getting, just look at the trailer, cause what you see is generally what you get; it does an excellent job of summarizing what to expect. But the about section definitely seems to oversell just what it can deliver in my opinion.Graphics/Artwork: Excellent style. The art style is similar in spirit to Cave Story, only not having as rigid of restrictions on sprite definition, resolution, and colors. I'd say that the artwork attempted to portray their vision using graphics that are as minimalistic as they could be without sacrificing the expression. The end result is very pleasing to the eye. Also, the character sprites (especially Kaho) are very expressive.Gameplay: Don't let anyone fool you -- the combat isn't that intricate in this game. You've got chargeable ranged attacks and your melee attacks work out to just a generic three-hit-combo move. Apart from that you have roll-dodging and jumping (and later on, air dodging) as your evasive movesbut the controls might wind up frustrating your attempts to take advantage of all of this at once.Items generally take some time to use (and can be disrupted by attacks) so it's foolish to use them when you're at risk of being hit -- you need space to use them. Combat is still interesting though, but you might seriously consider just avoiding the more problematic enemies rather than fighting them.Difficulty: Oh man, this game is frustratingly hard... at the start. When you first start out, you don't have many options at your disposal and the difficulty comes right out of the gates hard. Throughout the game bosses can be expected to deal a third of your health bar in damage. As you progress through the game though (assuming you explore a lot and hunt things down), the odds will swing drastically in your favor;  if you 100% the game, the final boss isn't hard at all, so long as you remember to heal.Controls:When I did my first run of this game, keybindings could not be customized which I took great issue with, considering I found the default QWEASD layout for action keys to be cumbersome -- but it has since been patched so this is no longer an issue.You can use a gamepad, but you're forced to use one of two preset configurations. This is bad for me since my USB gamepad's buttons map to a rather strange layout. This kind of restriction only makes sense on console games, where the type of controller the player uses can be predicted.Story: It's not as engrossing or involved as the description would have you believe, IMO. There is very little dialogue. Items can give hints towards some background of the setting, but there's still a few unanswered questions (I wonder if playing the other games would make them make sense in context?). Clearly some thought went into the various NPCs and bosses of the game regarding their personalities, motives, and feelings... but in the end it only expresses itself in a handfull of dialogue. Really, though, that's all that a game like this really needs. But I feel that ""compelling personalities"" is not something that canquitedescribe the characters of the game... in how they are shown.It seems like there's a lot we aren't seeing. Stuff about the setting, the characters, and so on that's still locked away in the creators' minds.Music: It does a great job at expressing the atmosphere of areas and events. There's honestly not much more I can say about it. One gripe I have though about games like these, is I'm getting sick of buying the soundtrack bundle only to find the game music is already there in the game's data files, in easy-to-read .ogg format -- and I just paid $2 or so extra basically for album art and MP3 tags. Please, developers. Stop doing this. Stop trying to sell us something we already bought. If you try to sell the soundtrack my first assumption is that the audio files are packed, encrypted, or otherwise not accessible as easily as just opening the folder and double clicking on a tersely named .OGG file. I may just stop buying soundtrack DLC entirely if this keeps up.Replayability: There's going back to collect anything you missed, NG+, and increasing difficulty levels. Enough to keep most people coming back a few times. And for true masochists you can always try minimal item runs.So overall, we're looking at this game, priced at base $10 US ($12-13 if you buy the soundtrack with it which I don't reccomend, for the aforementioned reasons). So, to someone unfamiliar with the series... Is it worth the asking price?If the gameplay trailer looks fun, I'd reccomend it, assuming you have no problem with punishing difficulty. If you have your doubts about the game from anything I've said here, I'd wait until it goes for 50% or more off. If you are prone to ragequitting, I'd not bother with the game at all.Personally, I don't regret having picked it up."
,Recommended,428550,21797940,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,snorlax,"Castlevania fans rejoice!I've been following the developer (rdein) for a long time and Momodora: RUtM (Momodora IV) is his best game yet. Metroidvania fans will feel right at home — a lot of the reviews so far compare it to Dark Souls (mainly because you can roll to dodge), but Momodora IV is actually much closer to its genre namesakes, Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Super Metroid. That said, rdein is a Dark Souls fan and the game's atmosphere draws a lot of similarities from it.My controls: Dualshock 3 with Xinput wrapperGAME MECHANICS:+ They put a lot of effort into making all the hitboxes and attack animations feel just right. (I had a chance to help rdein tune attack hitstun animations while he was developing this game so I know he cares a great deal about how his game plays, and feedback from the community.)+ One of the biggest drawbacks of previous titles was clunky movement and combat, but in Momodora IV the movement/controls have been vastly improved — possibly the best you can make it with this game engine.+ Attacks are smooth and act like you expect them to. There's enough of a learning curve for each weapon to keep it interesting.GAMEPLAY:+ The game is linear but exploration-based. There are enough secrets to make backtracking and exploration worth it.+ New enemy types throughout keep the game fresh and challenging. Boss fights are a treat!+Multiple endings give decent replay value.+ Items have variety without being overwhelming.- Item management is a little clunky because you have to cycle through active items during combat.ART DIRECTION & STYLE:+ Backgrounds for each level are absolutely gorgeous.+ The music is fantastic and matches each level.+ Unlike the previous titles, the theme and atmosphere is darker, yet it keeps the story simple. Draws similarities from Dark Souls and Bloodborne while keeping its own unique style.+ Characters have just enough backstory to make them interesting, and re-appearances throughout the game are compelling.+ Dialogue is well-written and follows the game's theme, and dialogue animations are a nice touch.+ Character sprites and overall character design is great — which isn't surprising since rdein draws all concept art himself.FINAL SCORE: 9/10I wish this game was longer! Hopefully Momodora V will be a much longer game because I loved this one."
,Recommended,428550,21804964,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Vapor,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a great step forward in the series. While staying relatively short in the grand scheme like the others, easily being possible to speed run in a little over thirty minutes if you absolutely know what you're doing, a first run through will take roughly six hours. This game actually takes advantage of a non-linear playstyle much like Metroid or good Castlevania games (Metroidvania). Before this game, Momodora had only teased at most around a game that could follow this format, but ultimately felt entirely linear. As it stands, this game lays a really fun foundation for a game akin to great titles such as Symphony of the Night, with very evident nods to the Castlevania series being present within this game."
,Recommended,428550,21805043,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,- ̗̀ I'm The Same Anon  ̖́-,"I really like how the controls are, but one thing I'd like is the ability to change the controller controls, as you have allowed the change of keyboard ones.This game is fun, yet challenging, and I will admit that I am having some trouble adapting to the enemies attacks, and it leads to a quick death. I enjoy this type of thing. It makes me want to learn how to dodge their attacks and think up new ways to beat them. I really like what you do. Keep it up."
,Recommended,428550,21916490,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,hoppoinu,"Just finished this game with True ending.This game is very fun, but I think fighting with bosses by bow make this game too easy, it would be more fun and challenge to fight bosses with melee only.I love animations and soundtracks of this game too.but I dont like warp system since I cant remember names of each places in the map.7.5/10"
76561198077264908,Recommended,428550,30510754,Posted: 14 March,all,downonmyniece,"While I really loved the time I had with the game, I am not entirely sure it's worth the money.If you play on normal, you will likely only spend about two hours to finish the game.However, the little content there is, is superb. The map layout is quite clever (you can kill the four main bosses after the first real boss in any order you choose), there are loads of small secrets that are genuinely worth finding, the controls are tight, items feel distinct, the music and graphics are beautiful.As a bonus, there's two more difficulties that have additional enemy and item placements, so I can get over the shortness of the game.Overall, I think if the only complaint I have about a game is ""I wish there was more of it"", it has to be a pretty good game."
,Recommended,428550,25278204,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Bersimon,"Loved the concept, graphics are SUPERB, animations are SMOOTH, everything is lovely and flows gently. A really great platformer. Congratulations!!! Gameplay is kickass.Now, if I were to say something bad about it, would be about it's storytelling. The NPCs you find and talk with usually have some really boring dialogues, and the worst defect of all, is that all of them sound like the same person - we know it's a developer who writes their dialogue, but that should not seem obvious. Yet all of them are without personality, they all have the same attitude, same manner of saying things, all the same boring ""everything is doomed"" talk. I've talked to every characther, up to all possible dialogues and they utterly bored me. Except maybe for the imp girl.So, as a constructive critique, I would suggest that better attention be put in the dialogues, in actually crafting the NPCs with distinctive personality and useful things to say. It's okay if one of them is there to tell the story to the player, but all of them repeating the same mantra without any relevant new details is tiresome. Which was dissapointing, because I really liked the concept of the characthers and expected them to tell me interesting things."
76561197964343119,Recommended,428550,29221392,Posted: 13 January,all,Quest,A brilliant little game that'll likely steal the heart of any 2d platformer fan.
76561198138936799,Recommended,428550,28616899,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,djumbreon,"Its not a very long game, but for whats there. there's a good 4-5 hours of fun to be had. Its one of those games that are for people who like the idea of new game plus modes to extend your playtime. While enjoyable the game doesn't have much content past a couple hours.The gameplay itself is a Metroidvaina type game with the combat and narrative aspects of the dark souls games. For lack of a better word the experience of it was a nice surprise. I definetly intend to back and playthrough this game a few more times to find things such as hidden items, pathways, and even alternative endings.In the end, for a game with a great art style, a beloved style of play, and even its narrative, that while short, its totally worth the money to put into it.FInal verdict: 9/10"
,Recommended,428550,28609584,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,(XXIII),"Beautiful game with a perfect pixel art and charismatic characters and boss fights (Lubella is one hell of a bouncy fight).The OST is also pretty good, leaving you some vibes to the dark souls OST tho most of the people like to call this ""The blodborne of the cave storys"". Either way, the developer is a bro and i'm looking forward to see what's his next work."
,Recommended,428550,28606490,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BruceWillyyy,"Excellent metroidvania with some souls-like elements.Really the only thing that could be a con is the length, but it seemed just right for me."
76561198127692561,Recommended,428550,28752390,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hatler,"it's like dark soul but it's 2D and pixelized, and easier (unless you play it on hard or insane)boss fights are fun, some of them are hard and some of them are easy.the armor arrowproof girl can one hit you if you don't upgrade your health.the boobs of decay gives you two hours to prepare before each of her attacks.that trader looks like a prick too bad i can't kill him.no idea what are the detail of the storry but don't care either.afterall it's a good game, would give it a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,428550,28738782,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,winsomemastix,"This game surprised me. Excellent Metroidvania gameplay for enticing exploration, blus incredibly fluid pixel animations with tight gameplay. That Mario-esque momentum makes the platforming feel really smooth. There's a Souls-like map design philosophy where progress is often a loop back to a bonfire (in this case bells) that will restore all of your healing items and miscellaneous consumables. I didn't notice much story: go beat the evil queen, slap some weird bosses around, give a bunny some bugs. But never you mind that. Momodora sports gorgeous visual stylings and a no-nonsense combat system I think any old-school gamer is going to love."
76561198042342015,Recommended,428550,28766334,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ericc555,"Just a quick review...2 solid thumbs up. Very interesting story, solid controls, and engaging gameplay. Obvious dark souls simularities, which is one of the reasons I bought it.  Another great game in this vein is salt and sanctuary.  Anyway, have fun!!!E"
76561198126948390,Recommended,428550,28772171,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rotarypublic,"This game is tight! Charming and clean artstyle, consistent and snappy gameplay."
,Recommended,428550,29090415,Posted: 7 January,all,eyy vato,"Incredible animations , good 2D gameplay style , good difficulty and Divine character development ,"
,Recommended,428550,29089712,Posted: 7 January,all,Sonic 06,"basically this game rules and I beat it in one 6 hour sitting but the replay value is pretty good. I'm gonna play it again and probably beat it in one sitting. again. if you like tough as hell action games with c r a z y boss battles, rolling, double-jumping and (later) mid-air dodging.....metroidvania style progression.........beautiful graphics........smoothanimation....uhhh???buy this game it's well worth 10 bones and if its on sale just grab it. it's a jam"
,Recommended,428550,29079718,Posted: 6 January,all,Luprii,"A solid Metroidvania with consistent design in gameplay, looks, and sound. The game does a good job of being challenging without being cheap.While upsettingly short, the piece-by-piece narrative helps carry it to its conclusion while giving it a lot of life. The items and weapons let me gear the game to my playstyle or to my needs from one moment to the next."
76561198314221594,Recommended,428550,29075944,Posted: 6 January,all,Expressly,"This game is a secret gem. Please play it. It's too beautiful, simple, well-made, and just plain enthralling not to give a try. There are so many crap side-scrolling games on Steam that seem clunky and unpolished, but this? This is golden."
76561198004565666,Recommended,428550,29078570,Posted: 6 January,all,brickey.8,"I somewhat recommend this game, if you're looking for quality over quantity and don't mind possibly needing to look at a guide/map.Pros: Good combat, good controls, great bosses. Levels have good atmosphere. Levels can be beat in any order. Secrets are hidden at a level where you need to think hard but can find most without a guide.Cons: Somewhat short (beat it in about 5 hours with more than half the secrets). It's not always clear where to go since there's lots of keys that open exactly one locked door necessary for the plot. I had to use a guide after getting three seals to find the entrance to the level with the fourth, because I really couldn't find it. You do eventually get to warp between save points, but you can only select a handful of them so it feels half-baked and there's still backtracking.One thing to note is that this game is no pushover. Enemies and bosses can be hard to dodge and everything does a lot of damage. I would not recommend playing on Hard mode until you've beaten it on normal."
,Recommended,428550,29077008,Posted: 6 January,all,Ricken,"Think Dark Souls meets Mega ManI bought this on a whim because I love me some anime tiddies and I've been really getting into Mega Man Classic recently. I'm pleasantly surprised by what I've experienced.I played Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight with a SNES controller and it honestly made my experience all the more fun, I definitely recommend doing this.Pros:+ Great art (Very similar to the tones of Bloodborne and Castlevania.)+ Fantastic OST.+ Engaging Combat. Especially on hard mode.+ Great world design. Each area of the game links into other areas that allow for great shortcuts as well as more ways to uncover secrets.+ Interesting and fun enemies. With the exception of a few; one which I shall go into detail on in the cons. The mini-boss in Karst City is very fun and really helps drive in early that rolling is great and jumping over attacks is also very much viable. Going 1 on 1 with most enemies will undeniably end in your total victory, however, the intricate level design, coupled with interesting, different enemies, creates a fun environment that tests your ability to plan your attack. N I C E.+ No levelling system, lots of tasty upgrades. This makes the game more interesting, more rewarding and far more skill based than ""I'll just grind until I can ♥♥♥♥ing wreck the next boss"". It certainly made beating Derelict Frida all the more satisfying for me when I figured out how best to attack him whilst dodging his attacks and then being rewarded for my efforts afterwards. This brings me to my next point.+ Great boss battles. They're just fun. Hella fun.+ Great lore and side plot. You can really empathise with characters and their intents, and in my head I can just imagine Souls style voice acting to go along with it.Cons:- The bow. It makes a handful of enemies and boss battles too easy. For example,there's a Mimic in one of the areas of the game that stays perfectly still, whilst orbs form around it in a circle. You can literally stand just out of range of these orbs and proceed to turn the poor creature into a ♥♥♥♥ing dart board. Keeping in mind that this particular enemy is such a trope in game design that it's difficult to get wrong at this point,I'll admit I was very underwhelmed.- Too short.I genuinely don't have any gripes with this game aside from those points. It's pretty solid and I would definitely buy more additions to this franchise. The bow lets combat down in some aspects but I mean, to get around that, just... don't use it. Easy.TLDR:8.9/10If you want a Mega Man/Metroid/Castlevania experience, this is the game to buy.Gimme more."
,Recommended,428550,29056260,Posted: 6 January,all,Chino,Basically imagine 2D side-scrolling version of dark souls (although its no where near as good as dark souls)its well worth the $$$ for ~10 hours of gameplay (unless you wanna get the achievements)
,Recommended,428550,29055370,Posted: 6 January,all,Watashi,Fantastic Metroidvania x Souls.
76561198010044827,Recommended,428550,28960603,Posted: 2 January,all,Royen (Kitty to some),"My god have I not enjoyed a good old fashion hard game in such a long time. Tight controls,satisfying gameplay,Sock♥♥♥♥epeoplesexy.netapproved!!!!"
,Recommended,428550,28962967,Posted: 2 January,all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"A pretty great game from start to finish. This game takes inspiration from metriodvania's and souls games, it wears this on its sleeve and it works pretty well, with an original story that feels very well done. Short but great action side scroller.Pros:-Fun and quirky boss fights-Swift and intricate gameplay-Good soundtrack-Great visuals-Strong platformingCons/Middling Things:-Somewhat short, doesn't bother me but may bother some-Not a lot of achievements.-Hides its best fight behind an endingOverall great game, highly recommended even at full price."
,Recommended,428550,28190689,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Diabel_Hanta,"Obsessed and in love with this game. Simple, yet intuitive with easy to use controls; as well as rage inducing difficulties, but they're completely fair. On top of it all, the music is just motivating, emotional and memorable.This game surpasses it's three predecessors in terms of gameplay, difficulty, and music and is my favorite in the Momodora series.Indie gaming at it's finest as well as being one of the most well developed Metroidvania in my book.Side-note: Story is really whatever and unoriginal, but the lore is interesting and easy enough to follow.I recommend this game and is a must play for veterans of this genre.Tenouttaten9/10"
76561198043982869,Recommended,428550,28962017,Posted: 2 January,all,Wintermute,The monster girl designs where great and so where the witch♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,428550,28998011,Posted: 3 January,all,GoiD,I just love it
,Recommended,428550,28998540,Posted: 3 January,all,Fandorex,"This game is great! The combat is satisfying, the music is wonderful, the characters are endearing, even if we don't see that much of them. This is one of those games that leaves you wishing you could spend more time in its world."
76561198057525537,Recommended,428550,30994377,Posted: 7 April,all,jess-979,"For the time I spent, this game really left a great impression with me. The gameplay is simple metroidvania, with a lot of exploring and items to eventually get. It starts of a bit slow story, and opens up into a dark, but satisfying world. The main character is great. The characters you mean have a lot of emotion to them and actually feel like they're apart of this decaying world. This was the closest game to a Souls-like feeling, of trying over and over again, adapting and getting better, with an atmosphere that just fits so well.This really got to me, and I hope other people check it out. If you like games that are metrovania-style with a bit of souls-like atmosphere, this game is definitely worth the 10 bucks."
76561198202184324,Recommended,428550,28987392,Posted: 3 January,all,aubertns,"Very fun Metroidvania-type game. A bit short, but god replayability if you want to complete the game 100%, do all difficulties and achievement.Very fun platforming with good controls. Good soundtrack and nice pixel graphics. The difficulty is just right: it can be difficult at times, but the well placed checkpoints means you never have to redo long parts of the game, so it never gets frustrating."
76561198084657727,Recommended,428550,29345985,Posted: 18 January,all,Celtic Steel,"A beautiful, atmospheric, sometimes challenging and always enjoyable indie platformer that takes a big drop of Castlevania SOTN, a pinch of Dark Souls and mixes it up into something a bit magical.Despite its short length, Momodora is something really really special.  The game has this really wonderful, dreamlike atmosphere due to its minimalist soundtrack and the dark fairy tale meets Studio Ghibli art style.  Mechanically, the game is sound, with solid platforming and generally enjoyable combat.  The boss battles are pretty cool, although they could do with a bit more balancing with some being too easy and some very frustrating.  But overall, for me, this just came together to be something more than the some of its parts, and i loved it.The only bad thing to say about this game is that you can get through it in about 4 hours.  I want more.  I want depth.  I want different weapons and armour.  I want a bigger game world.  i want more bosses.  And i'd have gladly sunk another 20 hours into this if the content was there.that said, I'd still rather buy something like this over another generic ubi-sandbox game, as I've had a much more meaningful few hours in this than i have in a number of much larger games.  If you don't like these 16 bit style games, I doubt Momodora is the one to convert you, but if you do and don't mind the short run time, I can't see any reason not to give this my full recommendation (i did get it on sale though)."
76561198197396729,Recommended,428550,29332883,Posted: 18 January,all,kolashes,Super enjoyable game. It gave me a lof nostalgia to the castlevania series such as SOTN. Only real downside to this game is I wish it was longer. Either way still totally a great game.
76561198166846269,Recommended,428550,31018018,Posted: 8 April,all,Erkington,"This game is probably one of the best I've played in awhile. The graphics are pretty, the animations are smooth, the characters are interesting both to look at and to talk to, the bosses are fun to fight, and there are plenty of secrets to keep you interested."
76561198279212451,Recommended,428550,29196088,Posted: 11 January,all,machineguntim,"Beautiful game, with a good amount of challenge that can be frustrating at times. They did an excellent job on pretty much every aspect of this game, and I hope they make another in the same vein."
76561198100446519,Recommended,428550,28809973,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Eggs Machina,"Do you like Dark Souls/Bloodborne? Then this is the game for you. Do you like metroidvania games? Then this is the game for you. Do you like games in general with a cute aesthetic and a dark setting? Like, thousand-year door kinda stuff? Then this is the game for you. It is, however, a bit short. I beat the main story and got the true ending in one session, which was about 4 hours long. However, there are secrets, collectibles, and goals to strive for. I think this game is great. Definitely a test of skill."
76561198054719949,Recommended,428550,28869964,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Yeely's‹₣ħ›,"It was almost chance that I ended up purchasing this game, and I am so happy that I did. This game is icnredibly fun, it plays smooth, its very beautiful in all aspects (music, the nicely done pixel graphics, the animations), and its challenging. I just finished my first playthrough before writing this and I know im going to be doing a few more, I'll be playing through all the other Momodoras as well. This game feels great to play, it's planned well with the advantages of the linearness of a sidescroller and has a bit of darksouls feel to it. I haven't looked anything up but I hope that there are more Momodoras coming because this has easily become a favorite series in my book."
,Recommended,428550,28901213,Posted: 1 January,all,Momotaros,"Although relatively a short game, Momodora is quite an amazing game.It has great replaybility with it's New Game + and nice difficulty curve where you slowly learn the pattern's of the bosses with each attempt. I'd like to compare it akin to Dark Souls, although I'm sure there some that would beg to differ. The amount of freedom you are given is very nice as you can go into different area's in any order, with some rooms being blocked off leading to the need to backtrack.The sprite work is well done with smooth animations. The soundtrack is beautifully composed, with each track fitting properly with each situation and area. The character and enemy design fit very nicely within the world of the game.The story is pretty simple, you go on a journey as a priestess to stop a crisis from reaching your homeland while facing many perils along the way. The endings differ depending on certain factors that I won't spoil. Items have descriptions that give you lore about the world, again similar to Dark Soul, The characters a pretty interesting, however I've only delved into NG+ recently so I'm unsure of if different scnarios happen with different choices in dialogue.The controls run smoothly and there is a controller support that is great appreiciated, but it still plays fine with keyboard and mouse. I have not run into any frame drops either so I'm sure this will run on most rigs since mine isn't anything highend at all.All in all, Momodora deserve the praise it's been given and if you're a fan of Metroidvanias then you must add this to your Library.(although I originally just got it cuz it's similar to my steam name, but I'm glad I did buy it!)"
76561197986075831,Recommended,428550,28898623,Posted: 1 January,all,Khris,"Beautiful and very atmospheric Metroidvania-game with an interesting mix of dereliction and cute.Solid gameplay with well balanced difficulty, not easy enough so you can just breeze through it, not too hard either."
76561197970990703,Recommended,428550,29047514,Posted: 5 January,all,morphismus,"I've just finished the game and I really enjoyed it. The controls (XBox gamepad) are quite handy, although I would have liked to remap some buttons (e.g. roll on LB). Graphics are colorful and animations very cute. The soundtrack perfectly contributes to the magical mood. I've played on medium difficulty and sometimes needed several tries to defeat a boss - it felt challenging, but not frustrating. If you like Castlevania (e.g. Castlevania: Symphony of the Night) , you will certainly have fun with this one. If you have problems with screen tearing/stuttering, then you need to enable vsync in the config file - why is this not enabled per default or an 'offical' option in the settings dialog? However - I strongly recommend this game and hope, that some day there might be a successor with a similar graphics style and gameplay."
,Recommended,428550,29153243,Posted: 9 January,all,Shimakopter,"Wow... Just wow... This game is great on all different kinds of levels. The controls are smooth and you get feedback immediately. Design of the levels properly allows you to use all of the movement options in the game. Bosses are very fun, and spaced just perfectly to allow you enough time to get excited for the next one. Music and artstyle only increase the corrupted feeling you get from exploring the world. It's replayability and collectables have kept me coming back to it even after I finished it. And finally, who wouldn't want to play as a kickass, leaf-wielding, priestess."
76561198107985938,Recommended,428550,29185450,Posted: 11 January,all,PogoStickGuy,"Imagine that Bloodborne, Dark Souls, ShovelKnight, Metroid, and Castlevania all had a child, that is this game. This game is a perfect 10/10, short enough for interesting speed runs,  but long enough to keep you busy; packed full of secrets and hidden items that make this game a deleightful adventure. Every second of my 4 play throughs so far have been a pleasant experience that i havent experienced from playing a game in a long time. I may not be good at describing how good this game is, but I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys a Metroid-vania adventure."
,Recommended,428550,29095993,Posted: 7 January,all,xander,"Sometimes all I want to play is a simple 2D side scroller that doesn't bog you down in boring puzzle solving and too much story, but is instead, like dark souls, about good combat and great gameplay and quiet discovery. That's what this game is, and its amazing."
,Recommended,428550,29127429,Posted: 8 January,all,[STaB]@BLeeP,"Great Metroidvania with a relaxing difficulty. Soundtrack is good, and the graphics have a very nice aesthetic. Only negative is it comes in a bit short at around 5 hours."
76561198055277280,Recommended,428550,30003825,Posted: 18 February,all,RyoZ,Cute souls
,Recommended,428550,29617991,Posted: 31 January,all,TheFanciestBard,"The Good: Extremely polished for a 10 dollar game. Animation, art, music, and level design are all top notch. The world flows naturally and the difficulty is extremely fair. It's much like Dark Souls in the sense that if you go in playing this like any other 2d side scroller you'll die, a lot. NG+ also steps up the difficulty to provide a fresh experience, but doesn't count towards rewards for beating it on Hard or above if you played on Normal or Easy your first time.The Bad: A normal playthrough clocked in at 6 hours for me and this was me exploring almost the entire map as well as snagging most of the items that weren't boss drops and getting the true ending. It's definitely a quality over quantity game but I would have liked a little more. Ending was a little sudden and final boss felt a touch anti-climaticOverall: The fact the only downside was wanting more is a good thing for a game that was something I beat in 2 sittings. Definitely worth your money and has only very minor flaws. I will be eagerly looking forward to the next installment. 9/10"
,Recommended,428550,30069156,Posted: 20 February,all,Niggasaurus Rex,I did get this game on sale and I recommend waiting for the sale as 12$ for this game seems a bit much in my opinion especially since played all the way through you might get about 8-10 hours from this game. Anyways its a nice little game fun and fast-paced although sometimes it feels like its a little easy almost like a softcore bullet hell. Pretty good buy nonetheless and worth the time.
76561198357150999,Recommended,428550,31050963,Posted: 9 April,all,Th3h0und,"Great game, loved it. Good soundtrack, well designed levels, well worth the money."
,Recommended,428550,31042840,Posted: 9 April,all,Burncore,"At first i dint get much attention from this game but when I start playing the game in hardcore (My first try) it was soo epic, even it remind me of dark souls series because you can doge whit a forward roll. Well I got to admit I have much fun as the “cave story” game.The art and the soundtrack are made prissily for every stage of the game and the characters are well.Not much to say, I like this game and if you what to now more check the review or play the game."
76561197996005983,Recommended,428550,29534486,Posted: 27 January,all,Fishing Boat,"If you like 2d action, this is what you're looking for. This game is fantastic, worth the full price. Beautiful characters and settings, and tight level design and polished, simple, smooth action."
,Recommended,428550,29545792,Posted: 28 January,all,Common Sense Bro,"It's no exaggeration when I say it's got such a ""2D Dark Souls"" feel to it. I mean, it even does the boss health bars similarly to how DaS does 'em! The atmosphere, again, just like DaS.Point being, you love the Dark Souls franchise? You'll love this gem.p.s. big witch boobie slapping is in it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,428550,29559520,Posted: 29 January,all,PhoeHammer,"Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a well-polished dark sole inspired platformer. There is defiantly something for everyone here. The easy mode makes the game more accessible to people who don’t want to ‘get good’ or aren’t very good at platformers. While the harder modes focus on learning the games mechanics and mastering each enemy encounter.The sound design is very well done and the 16bit error inspired visuals are very charming. The game might be locked at a 4:3 aspect ratio but if you don’t buy the game because of that you’re going to  miss out on a fantastic game.The game is open world and there is strategy in picking the path you choose to complete the game. There are two endings – a good and bad.The keyboard controls are not fantastic. It’s annoying that the jump and accept are stuck on one key. The same thing is true for back and short attack controls. The game dose support the 360 controller which dose make the game's controls feel un-clunky. It is of note that there is a key mapping option for the keyboard that allows rebinding of keys. The controller support however does not support button remapping. The provided controller layout is well thought out doesn’t hinder the game play.The options menu is nothing to write home about but the following options are there:-sound volume {slider}-music volume {slider}-screen resolution {1x,2x,3x,4x and Full Screen}-graphics quality {high, medium and low}-screen shake {on/off}-vibration {on/off}-Control type {controller/keyboard}-Custom keys-Language-Default {resets options}The developer is very friendly and activity watches the games form. If you have any technical difficulties the developer will more than likely do their best to help you.All up a very fun game that was well worth the price of admission. My only regret is that the I ran out of level to discover and the game doesn’t have any DLC that adds new arears."
,Recommended,428550,29557330,Posted: 28 January,all,Rayne,2D Dark souls with a metroidvania feel. Also gigantic tiddies that you can smack with a leaf.
76561197982524590,Recommended,428550,29513015,Posted: 26 January,all,UMU,Great game.
,Recommended,428550,29436261,Posted: 22 January,all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,"Much better, longer, and atmospheric than Momodora 3. Short, but sweet metroidvania. I look forward to future Momodora games in this same graphic style."
76561198250128808,Recommended,428550,29438082,Posted: 22 January,all,sirby9019,"As a ""soft"" metroidvania, I loved it!"
76561198109683197,Recommended,428550,29438578,Posted: 23 January,all,NeferDaze,Beautiful game. I just wish they added proper wide screen support...
,Recommended,428550,29442850,Posted: 23 January,all,Spencer,"It's a pretty short game, but it is very polished and quite challenging, especially on the harder levels (do not choose ""Easy"" though, it is really too easy). It feels like Dark Souls in 2D.Overall 9/10, your weapon of choice is a maple leaf"
,Recommended,428550,29419692,Posted: 22 January,all,Captain-Rapist,"the character design was gorgeous, the animation was great and very promising.I really want more similar games like this to come in the future"
,Recommended,428550,29420707,Posted: 22 January,all,Sugoi!,"Nice game , i love it!"
,Recommended,428550,29467305,Posted: 24 January,all,Duck,"After running through the game four times to get all the achivements, I can pretty safely say that there wasn't a single moment where I didn't like the game. If you're like me and can't find enough good Metroidvania sytle games these days, this is the one to play."
,Recommended,428550,29453335,Posted: 23 January,all,Flexi98,I love how on the second boss you're literally slapping the witch's♥♥♥♥♥♥with a leaf.
,Recommended,428550,29451920,Posted: 23 January,all,insightofland,how is no one talking about this game what to heck is wrong with everyone you play a little white riding hood and you spank monsters with leaves but then things get dark and big ol vampire boobies what a hoot also i gave a girl tissue and she put blood on it and somehow it is good nowmomodora more like give-me-more-a haha 5/5 kisses
,Recommended,428550,29453432,Posted: 23 January,all,darksoulsplz,"I'm writing this review after 7 hours of playtime. This is a good game. Great even, but it is short so decide what about 4 hours of your time is worth. I spent this long on it hunting for various things and collectables, so the game isn't that long unless you really grind for some stuff.Good soundtrack, but suffers from using the same boss theme multiple times. The pardoners dance is great because it meshes with the area song; but some other bosses just use the same song.Its mostly open world, so that's pretty neat, but it narrows up at the end of the game.Combat is good, I appreciate how easy it is to stunlock most enemies, and some bosses. very few ways to mix up combat, in some respects. For example, fire damage can be obtained at one point, and I never took it off after that. If the game designer should choose to put in more damge types in the next game, make sure they are meaningful, not just choose which does the most damage.Overall, worth the ~$6 I spent."
,Recommended,428550,21915461,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Aerione,Great metroidvania with good level design and a Souls-esque map progression while also having a fluid combat system.Good bosses and sadistically placed enemies who will frequently 1-2 shot you on Hard difficulty makes up for the relatively short playtime.
,Recommended,428550,29450448,Posted: 23 January,all,Soul,"Solid game. Controls are tight, Decent replay value, Good soundtrack, Level Design and enemy placements were good, Extra Boss rewards for Flawless Victories was a nice touch.Downsides; New players might find the controls to be deterministic. Meaning you're commited to your characters actions, not alot of canceling one animation into another.Personal Grievances; Another Passive, and possibly an Active, slot unlockable somehow would've been nice for playing around and tailoring a playstyle. Say the reward for beating Insane mode."
76561198045175470,Recommended,428550,31711812,Posted: 12 May,all,Parzival,"Really enjoyable metroidvania with tight controls, combat feels almost darksoulsy, and the checkpoint/healing item system is definatly in that style. The atmosphere is great, the gameplay is fun and the story while not incredibly deep, was interesting. Only real problem could be considered that it is fairly short, though still a thoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish."
,Recommended,428550,28931610,Posted: 1 January,all,Chiots,Simply one of the best metroidvania titles there is
,Recommended,428550,29105667,Posted: 7 January,all,[Rx.] Vydalia,Good thing the death scream is adorable.'Cause you're gonna hear it a lot.
,Recommended,428550,29098531,Posted: 7 January,all,Rasin Bron,This game is like cute Darksouls and makes you feel bad when you die. You'll understand when it happens.
76561197961216983,Recommended,428550,29098697,Posted: 7 January,all,Face.Palm,"I'm an FPS/MMO player. This is the first side scroller I've bothered to finishing. Pretty enjoyable. Some of the side bosses were more difficult than the final boss. Great music and ambience. Pretty short, could be longer. Overall excellent game."
,Recommended,428550,28699034,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kazhe,Kawaii SoulsPrepare to moe edition
,Recommended,428550,29010786,Posted: 4 January,all,Rorroh Snowcat,"There's a reason this game has an Overwhelmingly Positive rating.  After finishing this game all the way through, I'm really happy that I picked this game up.  This game is an absolutely fantastic piece of art.The mood is set pretty well, with the dreary fate of the city set unquestionably in stone.  You know the fate of these people, and you know how dreadful everything has become.  The level design is phenomenal, being memorable and made in a way that definitely hammers home the mood.  Then the art itself is absolutely amazing, with animations that flow really well!  The art is quite possibly my favourite part of the game, the second being the level design.  The combat is pretty great too, and keeps its momentum pretty well once you get the hang of it.  I played on Normal difficulty and it had a pretty nice difficulty to it, without holding your hand or walling you off.There are, of course, some negatives to this game, which is unfortunate considering how much I loved it otherwise.  For one, some of the items that you get in the game seem too weak to be useful.  But hey, I guess the option is there at least.  Another one, which is incredibly unfortunate and what I've been dreading to write, is that the characters.. well, I don't care for them nearly as much as I'd like to.  And believe me, I really,reallywould like to.  Thinking about who they are and where their lives have taken them, there is definitely immense potential there, but it just doesn't hold up well.  You meet these people and interact with them, often more than once, but you aren't given enough background for these characters to really get a true feel for who they are.  It would have given so much more depth to the story, and solidified the mood that much more.  Now, don't get me wrong, I felt for them here and there, but the feelings subsided much more quickly than I had hoped for.  And that's a shame.Overall, this game was amazing and I want more.  Thankfully this game is the 4th game in the series, so it looks like I've got some more to look forward to!  I might play this game a couple more times first though, because I'm seriously in love with this game.  For those who are worried about starting with this one, I didn't feel like I was really missing out on too much information.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198214389829,Recommended,428550,28956411,Posted: 2 January,all,GlitchySquid,"Good game, but it's very short. Hardcore gamers can finish this it in a few hours. Would reccomend for casual gamers looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,428550,29028045,Posted: 4 January,all,PeptoBismol,"I don't know where to begin with this game.It's hard. Like, REALLY HARD.I ♥♥♥♥ing CRIED trying to play this game.Just don't play the game on Hard. Or Insane. Because I did. And it SUCKED.But good game. 10/10"
76561198166070948,Recommended,428550,28925883,Posted: 1 January,all,isaac13_13,"Momodara... It's a bit difficult. It's tough to understand at first.But once you get it? Once you realize the challenge you're up against?It's VERY worth it.Playing through this game twice, I've enjoyed it. I've enjoyed the challenge, of a semi-difficult game, that isn't that hard once you get to know it.I like this game."
76561198081285835,Recommended,428550,28984329,Posted: 3 January,all,AlexF (Master of the Rice Field),"I don't leave reviews very often, but I have to do it for this day. The combat felt satisfying because of not only the fluid animation and good movement control, but the challenging boss fights. They are not braindead fights in most games; if you don't learn bosses' patterns and have a good grasp on how to control your character, no matter how much health or damage you have, you can't get pass them. It was my first time feeling sad beating a boss, because the experience of fighting it was very satisfying and the fact that I beat it means I won't get to experience it again.I give it 10/10."
76561198153197696,Recommended,428550,29214221,Posted: 12 January,all,SaberMacro,"Believe it or not, this would be my first experience with a Metroidvania-esque game.So, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a pixel adventure like you have never seen before. The world is under the curse of the now-insane Queen of Karst, the place of which we were thrown into by the narrative. The atmosphere is dark, but sometimes solemn. Everyone in the kingdom is either fleeing from the curse, slowly becoming insane, out to get your head, or all of them combined. There will be allies along the way, but most of the time, you are alone. You're alone with yourself and a leaf to carry, and that leaf is your (very potent) weapon (of mass destruction) for today's journey.And when you're alone, you'll die a lot. Guaranteed.It's no exaggeration to say that Momodora is in a way, difficult. Most would say that it's as difficult as Dark Souls. I who have played Dark Souls before, would say otherwise, however. It was by no means, easy, but the level of difficulty in this game is by no means, Dark Souls. If I have to give my two-cents on this, I'd say Shantae and the Pirate's Curse is harder than Momodora, but that's just my experience.Alright, now let's review its pros and cons:Pros:+ Beautiful Pixel Art+ Intriguing lore with a story to go with it+ Stellar gameplay with fluid controls+ Power-Ups that compliments the game+ Very Fun+ Lubilla's BreastCons:- Too Short :(- Needs More Content :(- I can't finish Insane at all :(- I need to git gud :(It's definitely worth its full price, and it's even better if it's on discount. I hope someday, we all can play its sequel, or its prequels before Momodora III, because I hear this game is its 4th installment. I need more Momodora in my life :D"
,Recommended,428550,29496513,Posted: 25 January,all,Cyril,"While I wouldn't say this game has any particular qualities that make it unique or stand out amongst the crowd, it is definitely a very well-made game that's pretty dang fun front to back. The combat feels great, melee attacks have a lot of weight and ranged attacks are quick and useful quite often. The platforming is also pretty solid, though the game has much less of a focus on it, but the jump and dodge moves both feel pretty good, dodge is also well-utilized in boss fights. The level design is pretty solid, just enough checkpoints to keep the player from worrying too much about having to find saves, a pretty decently sized game world (though not particularly large), lots of side areas and secrets to explore and an in-game method of keeping exploration for secrets from feeling tedious, a nice and vibrant graphical style that has pretty good atmosphere. It's just a well-rounded game on all fronts, there's really not much to complain about. There's even various difficulty settings, for people who like that. Don't quite know if I'd recommend it for $10 given its brevity but it's certainly worth checking out regardless."
76561197999876965,Recommended,428550,29496920,Posted: 25 January,all,Alcedes,"An excellent metroidvania with some serious Dark Souls in its DNA. Oh, who am I kidding, this is basically 2D Dark Souls with anime girls. The soundtrack is pitch perfect, the gameplay is super-tight, and the art is gorgeous. While the game is short, it's quite challenging, and very satisfying. Well worth picking up!"
76561198056902770,Recommended,428550,26634387,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lios,Lovely spriteworkAmazing atmosphereFantastic musicResponsive controllsWell hidden loreVaried enemiesGood bossfightsWhat's not to like?
,Recommended,428550,29594948,Posted: 30 January,all,beeswarm17,This is a solid metroidvania with great atmosphere and smooth controls.
,Recommended,428550,29573237,Posted: 29 January,all,NeoGeoMVS,really really good game... worth the price even when not on sale.
76561198303238654,Recommended,428550,29578189,Posted: 29 January,all,sashike,"Intriguing Metroidvania title and the fourth in the Momodora-Series, whose predecessors are also recommened.But this one cleary stands out and shines, because of its much higher production value and beatiful pixel art.The game plays great. The controls are tight and the combat is super fun, especially the plenty and well designed boss fights.Some jump passages and a few annoying enemy placements seem a little bit iffy, but they're far from a deal breaker.Where the game absolutly excels it, is its amazing atmosphere, which truly immerses you in the game.Every location is unique and is brimming with history and flair.And even though the story isnt anything to brag about in these kind of games, it gets suprisingly deep and almost heartbreaking at some points in this one, thanks partially to a lot of memorable side characters, which are scattered around the map. There are lot of collectibles to find and a few sidequests to fulfill, besides the main-quest.Higly recommened to fans of anime-styled action-platformer, metroidvanias, and seeker of 2D-darksoulsesque games."
,Recommended,428550,29720687,Posted: 5 February,all,kotori.xopowo,"The graphics and atmosphere of the game are beautiful and the combat is actually fun. My only complaint is that it's a little short but multiple difficulty settings and lots of hidden things you miss on the first playthrough encourage you to replay the game after you beat it. If you're thinking about this game at all, just get it. You won't be disappointed."
76561198173671661,Recommended,428550,29814968,Posted: 9 February,all,patrick,"Where has this game been hiding!? I only happened to come across it (via some labyrinthine searching for indie Metroidvanias) and it's a real secret gem...This is a beautifully-animated, wonderfully atmospheric game with some very satisfying exploration and platform action to be had. It's fun, challenging, and has a tremendous ambiance and pacing - the magic formula for fans of games like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Cave Story, Knytt...The most special feature of this game for me is perhaps a little odd, but there is something very humble, graceful and unpretentious about Reverie Under the Moonlight. It's full of beautiful little graphical touches, charm and (often) tricky-as-hell platforming sections, but it never, ever seems to rub these details in your face as you play.You can totally speed past the game, blasting through the action, or you can stop and soak in the mood of this crumbling, pretty world - it's up to you. Therein lies the real magic, for me, of a good exploration game - you really do feel like you're uncovering the environment for yourself, at your own pace. By letting the details of this little dystopia simply be, the developers make you feel like you're uncovering something special when you notice the swaying torches, the fluttering birds, the fading paintings, or the hundreds of other tiny visual treasures in this game.I should probably give a more practical summary of things I loved about this game! So:- Gorgeous gothic atmosphere, with endearing and quirky characters- Rather creepy and oppressive at times (the first location is really misleading, tone-wise, we're not in cutesy Totoro country here at all)- Great sense of progress. I'm not a completionist, but I found myself hunting down new locations and secrets for fun - the game helps you with backtracking via a warp mechanic, powering-up your own abilities, and even finding hidden collectables- Memorable music and locations - such loving attention to detail in the sound design and textures too- Some very satisfying movement mechanics to enjoy (later in the game, especially fun)- An ambiguous story and vague character interactions leave plenty to the imagination - in a good way, for me- It all proceeds very organically and there is just enough space to get lost, if you're not paying attention, without letting the areas become overlong or tedious.In summary, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight feels like a wonderful crossbreed of The Count Lucanor's* scope, mood and graphical ambiance, and the progressive platforming action of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. I was totally absorbed by it throughout and I'm looking forward to searching through volumes 1-3 right now.If the developers are reading this - thank you for making such an immersive game, well done, and please keep it up ;)-P*Another slightly well-hidden Steam gem, for fans of creepy pixel fairytales, and highly recommended"
,Recommended,428550,31025265,Posted: 8 April,all,claymario,"Honestly one of the best games I have ever played, this game combines my favourite genre, my favourite art style, and flawless gameplay, to create an untouchable masterpiece. I personally found this game rather challenging, even on normal mode, and due to that ended up spending more time getting back to certain areas, rather than continue on (which is fine, I really didn't mind). I have never played a Momodora game in my life before this, but I may just buy the rest after playing this one through."
,Recommended,428550,29788616,Posted: 8 February,all,jessevale,"This game is a delightful, shorter-length Igavania with a Dark Souls bent. Although quick to pick up and play both per session and per playthrough, the skill ceiling is high enough to satisfy speed and challenge runners, with rewards available to players who defeat bosses without taking any damage. This game is a must-have for anyone wishing for a compact action-adventure + light RPG experience while taking a quick break from their many hundreds of hours of Souls mastery.I'm torn between hoping that the sequel remains a concise, tightly-designed adventure and hoping to see the explorable map increase in size, better designed individual areas, and the addition of RPG elements like upgradable weapons, equipment, and leveling up skills.  I think that the game could use the latter, but in a way that matches the short and sweet design philosophy of the series overall. Just a few more items & upgrades to really ramp up the satisfaction of exploration and discovery via small rewards.An open world level design is complemented by things like character builds, which encourage players to expand their knowledge of the game to do things like sequence break in order to obtain equipment earlier than they would otherwise. As it is now, the only reward for mastery of the game is mastering the game."
,Recommended,428550,29770157,Posted: 7 February,all,justkingdion,"I love me some Metroidvania, and this game delivers that so well. This immediately became my favorite Steam game once I picked it up. Very fluent controls and many options for different play styles makes the combat always engaging. For anyone who's a fan of Castlevania, Metroid, even Dark Souls, this is a must have!"
,Recommended,428550,29392469,Posted: 21 January,all,Darxim,"It's a good little Metroidvania game.  Also, please do be aware that hard mode is actually HARD.  I'm talking you take two hits from anything: dead.  There's an Insane mode after that, where you start with most of your equippable items, and all the stuff you found is already found, plus you keep all the money you had (not much left to buy with it, though).  I haven't noticed a notable increase in difficulty in tht mode, but that could be because I'm far more familiar with the gameplay now, and the items from last game help out a lot, too, so I'll probably be suffering later on.It's not hard like in games where there's a lot of ""Gotcha!"" surprises, where you just have to memorize the game to win (although there is a little of that, but only a little).  It's also not hard like in Dark Souls where the controls were designed by 1000 monkeys at keyboards, and if they'd just fix the controls it would be easy.  The controls are actually quite good.  It's a lot easier once you realize that every enemy telegraphs their next move in some way, many of those being a white circle the pulses outward (easy to miss if you're not looking for it).  I guess what makes it really hard is just how quicly you die.  I'm used to taking more than two hits before I die.  If you don't find all the health powerups, you'll just die in one hit.Gameplay feels smooth, and there are some good abilities.  It doesn't tell you how to use air dodge (unlockable ability), but you just hit the Roll button while in the air, so now you know.  My complaints would be that you can't put notes in the map, the game doesn't pause while looking at the map, and if you let go of the map button, the map closes (it's not a toggle).  Also, when using the warp, it doesn't show you where these places are on the map, just gives you names, so until you memorize them, you have to warp around to see where you end up.  Also, if you're using a DirectInput controller, you'll need to use Joy2Key or XPadder to play with it, as it doesn't support them.The ending kinda sucks.  It's just text and then credits roll.  It's not what we're playing the game for, I just expected a little more there.Overall I highly enjoyed it.Edit:  Insane mode is indeed harder as you go.  Having all the health powerups at the start made it easier then, but now I'm often dying to things in one hit when at full health."
,Recommended,428550,29709941,Posted: 4 February,all,Frootsy Collins,Symphony of the Night + Bloodborne + Really Cute Characters and Animation + Not Too Long = You should buy and play this game
,Recommended,428550,29702352,Posted: 4 February,all,Saucer,"A Castlevania-esque with the estus system from the souls series, this holds up pretty well. You have limited heals wich are practically used as extra lives for whenever you screw up a roll or don't evade an attack properly. This one actually makes the game easier in certain regards. Instant resets infront of the games most peaking boss fights makes for a fun but sadly easy experience. The game is cute and fun and the whole deal with all the characters who only provide dialogue, but have quests that you follow through to the end makes for a great time.Thumbs up."
76561198252146098,Recommended,428550,29623728,Posted: 1 February,all,Shifty Mole,"My introduction to this game came about when I saw a screenshot one day of Luboo--I mean, Lubella. I love Castlevania-esque games, too, so that was an added bonus. If you easily rage quit games and never come back to them or are impatient, save your money because this game is not for you.If you're like me and never played a game like Dark Souls/Bloodborne before, this game will make you rage when you first get into it. You can't run in leaf blazing. Even the smallest enemy early on does a fair bit of damage. You can easily lose the majority of your health by not paying attention. There are traps scattered around you may not see the first time you enter a room.The bosses can be the most frustrating battles or smooth as butter depending on how you approach it. Pay attention and learn how to avoid attacks. Dodge is your friend. Once you do that, the bosses are much easier. After raging on one particular boss, I came back to them later and learned how to bypass their attacks.I'm a sucker for nice pixel graphics and Momodora is no different. The game is gorgeous. The water level was not only serene yet deadly, but it didn't have any of the problems I usually have with water levels in games. The enemies are cute, but that didn't stop me from smacking them around with my leaf.I wish the map included locations of shops, but that's a minor personal nitpick and doesn't affect gameplay.The controls were a little awkward at first. For the first couple of hours, I kept going into a panic and hitting the wrong key. Eventually, I got used to the controls and knowing which finger to push became second nature. I don't think the keyboard controls are a fault of the game. It's highly likely my brain was trying to do three things at once.Unfortunately, I don't see much replay value. After almost eight hours of taking my time to explore on Normal, I found all the Ivory Bugs, completed the map, and fought a hidden boss. Unless you want to test yourself by trying out Hard Mode, Insane Mode, or going for all the achievements, I don't see too many people coming back to the game. After you play through it once and explore everything, there is nothing left to surprise you.I don't know if I just got better the more I played the game, but the final boss was laughably easy. Their True Ending form was a complete joke. There is a certain boss I'm sure people who have played the game can agree is much harder than the final boss.Fighting with a leaf is funny, but the story is nothing special. I mainly used the bow, too. With games like these, story isn't too important, however. You can probably guess what will happen at the end. I didn't really care about the story. The only character I cared about was the skeleton-looking man, but he kind of vanished mid-way into the game. I ran around and never saw him again.While I do love the game, I have a hard time saying whether the price is worth it. If you enjoy Castlevania, Metroid, Bloodborne, or Dark Souls, or challenging games--absolutely! Go right ahead and buy it! You'll be able to tell if the game is for you within the first area, but it really picks up once you get to the city. If you're not sure, wait for a discount or try it out and refund."
,Recommended,428550,29235710,Posted: 13 January,all,Solum,"An excellent Metroidvania with a sprinkle of Dark Souls and a surprising amount of polish. Four hours may be a bit short for some people, but I personally feel like I got more than my money's worth!"
,Recommended,428550,29243035,Posted: 14 January,all,KidGalahad,"In short, it's a cute Bloodborne.Graphics:To be honest, I usually dislike pixel based games because I feel the market is oversaturated with it but this game looks great. I think it would have been better to have been 2d renders but it looks nice. It's creepy but the main character keeps it from being a full on horror game, which might work against the atmosphere if you were hoping for that.4/5Story:Honestly, I don't really know what's going on. It's sort of like the Souls series in that you pick up the story in fragments.3/5Controls:Very tight. You can turn on a dime when you're doing just about anything.5/5Sound:Mostly good. The main character's shriek gets annoying everytime you die.3/5It's a fun platformer, and this is coming from someone who dislikes platformers but again, it might be due to the fact that it's essentially a 2d Souls game."
,Recommended,428550,29252881,Posted: 14 January,all,Pharaoh Amaranth,"Very fun. Reminded me of a mix between the Megaman Zero games with Dark Souls like healing and bonfires. Yes, the game is a bit short and it's easy to get lostif you don't realize you can pause the game at any time and look at the map like I didbut it was very fun nonethless."
,Recommended,428550,29254596,Posted: 14 January,all,jeremy.coatney,"This game has a very specific asethetic and atmosphere to it that blend well with the gameplay and excellent soundtrack.From the in-game items to the enemy types nothing feels out of place in the setting presented to you. With the possible exception of some of the character's wardrobe choices.The game has smooth well-tuned controlls and well done animations and effects.There are very few actual dead-ends when navigating through the Metroid-style environment looking for hidden items, bosses, and cash. Even when you do run into them, there is very little back-tracking necessary to get back on track."
,Recommended,428550,29262370,Posted: 14 January,all,nerolapis,Meow :3
,Recommended,428550,31065623,Posted: 10 April,all,sugoiboi48,good game wife said she approves of the christian themes found within
76561198039191673,Recommended,428550,29328958,Posted: 17 January,all,Snakeboss14,"+ Beautifully creepy world to be explored, filled with secret items.+ Great ambience music in most areas.+ A bunch of items with different effects and a nice description that's just attention to detail if nothing else.+ Fun combat gameplay that rewards you for playing well against fun bosses.+ Beautiful graphics and animation.- At no point did I have the idea of what's going on with the story.- I have no clue of who are these boss characters, what are they doing there, and why are they attacking.- I don't find the need for NPCs, they're not memorable and honestly don't contribute to the story or overall feel of the game.- Very short, even when collecting everything.Overall, I'd call this game a must-play for any lover of Metroid-style games. Definitely has that lonely and creepy feeling. The story is definitely not a strong point, but the gameplay and exploring definitely make up for it. It also lends itself quite well to speed running or playing it with some added challenge. Even if you're not familiar with the genre, I'd still recommend buying it because I definitely had some fun with it and can't wait to replay it after completing my first playthrough."
,Recommended,428550,29280154,Posted: 15 January,all,Lagalot,Great mix of modern action RPG combat mechanics presented in a beautiful pixel art world. If you dig the souls-born franchise and Roguelike/Metroidvania games then you are in for a treat.
,Recommended,428550,29388967,Posted: 20 January,all,Ytse,"Ive got about 1 hour into the game and so far I am liking it. The controls are super smooth and i'm sure with a bit of practice, combining dodges and arrow. Also the animations are really well done. Only thing I can say as a downside is... Normal mode felt a bit tough so I switched to easy mode but easy mode felt too easy. Easy mode was too hand holdy, giving the player a rediculous amount of health right off hand with 2 passive items. I just wished the enemies would hit 1/2 as hard  but all these extra items are a bit insulting. Really liking the game so far though!"
,Recommended,428550,29309533,Posted: 16 January,all,meiows,"I usually don't write reviews but I feel I HAVE to for this one.First off, for the price, you have nothing to lose. This game is on sale a lot and in fact, I just picked it up for $6.99!Anyways. This is such a fun little platformer and the story is very interesting too. The gameplay ranges from easy all the way up to challenging as hell. With this one, I get hints of Dark Souls and Undertale. It's like someone mashed the two together and made a really fun, challenging game!The art style is so pretty to look at and showcases a super nice and modern pixel art. I'd love to see more games in this style. The soundtrack and sounds are also very atmospheric and add a lot to the game.I'd give this a 9/10, with my only con being that I wish it was a little longer, as I finished it in less than a day! However, I still have yet to play through the harder difficulties and get ALL achievements."
,Recommended,428550,29306924,Posted: 16 January,all,Logoth,"An excellent, under appreciated game that I can't reccomend enough. This is one of those rare indie games like Freedom Planet that actually understands design and why retro games are fondly remembered as being the peak of the medium.This is the fourth game in a series that started a humble and from what I can see, cave story inspired platformer and the evolution between all of these games is a treat to behold. Every mechanic and detail is polished incredibly well (though not perfect), and I can't wait to see where the developers go from here.The game is difficult at first, but incredibly satisfying to master as dodge rolls, air dodge rolls, projectile charging, melee attacks and consumable magic all have their indispensable uses against the dangerous beastiary of this game. I won't go into the explicit details but know I can't recommend this game enough.I completed my first play through on Hard  Mode and if you're a seasoned player looking for a satisfying game, I suggest you do the same.Buy the game, and buy a copy for your friend."
,Recommended,428550,29290489,Posted: 15 January,all,Savior,"This game is amazingly beautiful. I'm in love with everything, the style, the music, the gameplay. Totally recommended."
76561198067802735,Recommended,428550,29316921,Posted: 17 January,all,sirFoolishness,"A well crafted game, gorgeous animations and visuals.Recommend for fans of Souls-like games."
,Recommended,428550,28022350,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Hi, I'm Mogzxi!",Granted me a hatred for dagger throwing imps. 10/10
76561198016390158,Recommended,428550,27943582,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moral Panic,"Great game. Perfect length and doesn't overstay its welcome, great music, great visuals and solid gameplay."
,Recommended,428550,29520070,Posted: 27 January,all,Amateus,"It's very good. VERY good, but sadly it's a bit short."
76561197981870978,Recommended,428550,29426105,Posted: 22 January,all,Cronosaraya,"Note: This is my first (and possibly only) review on Steam. I generally don't like writing reviews because I'm not much of a word smith. Plus, I usually waste way too much time proof-reading and editing. But, since one of the developers was so helpful and nice in the forums when I asked if I could run the game before I even bought it, I felt I was obliged to at least state my opinion of the game...In short, like has been stated by many other reviewers, if you enjoy old-school Metroid and/or Castlevania SotN, you will probably love this game. I know I do. :)"
,Recommended,428550,29478483,Posted: 25 January,all,Fake Panda,"Very good Metroidvania, if you're into that sort of thing. It's got pretty good level design and interesting characters and bosses. Very beautiful pixel art going on, as well."
,Recommended,428550,29474281,Posted: 24 January,all,Maratae,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,428550,29479080,Posted: 25 January,all,Bluefir,"Overall id say this is a good game took me about ~8 hourish to complete it, i started on the hard difficulty, only difference between difficultys i see is the amount of hp you have, hard itll take 1-2 hits to kill you insane just one. honestly the game seemed more challenging than i thought id be, also a bit shorter it was an enjoyable game it has alot of polish and is very fluid  the character does what you want it to and its very beautiful, my only  complaint is i thought id be a bit longer.Difficulty 6/10Gameplay 9/10Length 4/10"
,Recommended,428550,29479947,Posted: 25 January,all,Kingineer NSW,It's masterpiece. One of my favorite games of all time
76561198005300509,Recommended,428550,29489456,Posted: 25 January,all,(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*: ･ﾟ✧,"This game is amazing, highly recommended if you are a fan of 2D castelvania or the souls games."
,Recommended,428550,29432499,Posted: 22 January,all,Shirnosai,great game  great art great difficulty if you like platformers i recummend
76561198067907495,Recommended,428550,29434311,Posted: 22 January,all,Dry Cumshot,"(IF YOUR CONTROLLER IS NOT WORKING, USE x360ce32bit!)I played all the previous games, and this is probably the most exciting one.I hope they put out a 5th in the series and with higher graphics and more satisfying weapons and challenging enemies.The bosses are really unique, and are actually easy with arow spam lol.. would be cool to get some enemies on which arrows are worth nothing.Lore 10/10 if you're into readingGameplay 10/10 fastpaceArt 10/10 improved by alotOST i personally love devil may cry OST and this is also some very good ones.I don't mind buying the next game for 15euros.I hope to see a large world to get sprinting for some special attacks"
76561198037639438,Recommended,428550,29433488,Posted: 22 January,all,Spaz,This game is really scratching my metroidvania itch. The gameplay is simplistic but deep... kinda like an inch wide but a mile deep. But haven't played enough to give a validated opinion on that... that's just my first impression. I'm really enjoying the aesthetics of the game and the art is really pulling me in. I wish the game was in 16:9 that's my only gripe so far.
,Recommended,428550,29426455,Posted: 22 January,all,PFTM,who need castlevania : stupid shadow when you have this? (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Region Blocked )10/10
,Recommended,428550,32314073,Posted: 10 June,all,HAWK,I really really loved that boob punching systemyou should try it once
,Recommended,428550,26575604,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GodArmz,"Much darker than Momodora 3, but was still enjoyable (challenge-wise...know the atmosphere can get depressing and tiring at times).A definite improvement over it's predecessor on a technical level and a great addition to the series. If you're even slightly interested in this game: Buy it."
76561198139946733,Recommended,428550,32324943,Posted: 10 June,all,Mista Mato,"I love pixel graphics so this game was a piece of art to me. The gameplay was fun although frsutrating at times. The pacing and length of the game are great, and any more would have probably been too long."
,Recommended,428550,25709465,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Khepri666,"Excellent game. It could be a little longer, completing 100% was a bit quicker than expected, but that doesn't diminish the greatness of the game."
76561197976715143,Recommended,428550,21708126,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Deadite AGK,"Fight with your strangely powerful leaf the overcome this dark, yet also vibrant land of foes out to kill you.This is a 2d action adventure game with elements taken right out of the Souls series, Metroid, and Castlevania. Video review of the indie game Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5cRHEIUq-0&index=6&list=PLkWo_cgaAOB80SHcDpCWBPgeAjfdroE8r&t=35s"
76561198049947727,Recommended,428550,32784809,Posted: 25 June,all,familyplayer,"As someone who has played every Momodora game, I have to agree with the developer on saying that this is the best one without any doubt. To give a quick summary without saying too much, this game is a 2D Metroidvania style game with some Souls elements. I would say it's Metroidvania in exploration, but in combat, it's got some things like Souls. i.e. a heal item thats useful but needs to be well timed. If you're worried about needing to play the previous games, don't worry too much as their stories don't need to be known to get this game's story.TL;DR Play the damn game if you like Metroidvanias"
76561197962186548,Recommended,428550,32730187,Posted: 24 June,all,CreamedCorn,One of the best games I've ever played... ever.
76561198030690472,Recommended,428550,32694428,Posted: 23 June,all,maestro,"Momodora: RUtM is a metroidvania platformer that I've come to enjoy. At the time of writing this, I've only put an hour and a half into the game thusfar, but I would have to say that it has been a pleasant experience thusfar!Graphics: 8/10 -- It goes for the retro style, harkening back to the old 8-bit style of NES platformers, and I feel that it achieves this very well. It isn't a lazy sort of retro 8-bit that we've seen in many other games; the spritework and the environment art show attention to detail while maintaining that 8-bit retro feel. Even things such as detailed idle animations if you let your character stand still for a second are here.Sound: 8/10 -- This game is called ""Reverie Under the Moonlight"" and the background music very much fits the theme of the game. It's a dark and depressing world, and the themes I've encountered thusfar are good, while the boss battles are good for getting you psyched and pumped up for a fight. The sound effects are also pleasant -- not too overbearing but yet exactly what they need to be. My only nitpick here is the character's death scream; not really a complaint but a personal preference is that it is a bit... unsettling. Fitting, but unsettling. Personal opinion.Controls: 7/10 -- The game's movement is nice and snappy. Your character does exactly what you tell her to do, and the game's physics are very solid and fluid, and consistent. The double-jump mechanic takes a little to get used to, but once you do everything feels nice. I subtracted one point for lack of legacy controller support, though. I don't like using xpadder to use non-360 controllers. Platformers REALLY need to support non-360 controllers, because I am not going to want to play a 2d sidescroller with an analog stick, so I use a Playstation2 controller hooked up via a USB adapter so I can get a nice solid D-pad. So, please consider adding this in either a patch, or any future Momodora games. People like me would thank you kindly for it.Gameplay: 9/10 -- The game is very basic (in a good way!). You have your short-range melee, a ranged, a dodge, a double-jump and an active item. That's it. That's all you should ever need in a metroidvania IMO. This game does it quite well.Challenge: 9/10 -- Selectable challenge difficulties FTW! The fastest way to make me happy. I started the game on Normal (there's an Easy) and the challenge feels about right. At first the game felt a little cheap becuase it is so easy to die, but restarting from last save is fast and easy, no loading screens or anything and save points are dispersed around and it isn't too hard to get back to where you died for another try. Boss fights seem a little long, though but I bet later on, after a few health pool upgrades and healing items, it won't be so bad. The first boss or two, though? You might need a few retries but they have predictable patterns and don't feel TOO cheap. I think they did rather well here.Overall: 8/10. Very solid game, and well worth the price point. The only cons I can think of, is the lack of legacy controller support and I put 75 minutes into the game and already have 40% of the map explored so the game seems a little short. But I don't mind that so much, for such a pleasant experience."
,Recommended,428550,23001678,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Cornelius Agrippa,"The game took me by surprise and it ended up being so ♥♥♥♥ing satisfying. The learning curve is just right and it got me hooked. I think what makes it so good in terms of gameplay is the extremely fluid and tight controls.When it comes to level design, it's your metroidvania-style world. Everything neatly interconnected and rewards the player for exploring. The game as a very high replay value.The story is minimal but it keeps you aware of what’s happening and character design is nice.The music and sounds do a great job blending with the environments and it's immersive (muh immersion)The game’s length is well worth its price. If you love platformers or metroidvania style games, 100% go for it. I hope more games come from these guys."
,Recommended,428550,32819003,Posted: 26 June,all,"Cliff ""Fuck Me Daddy"" Ferguson","This game is pretty god damned tight, and I mean that in the best way possible. Controls feel good, the combat is hard without being cheap or feeling shallow, the chunky pixel art is by far the best I've seen in years and the player progression is natural and rewarding. Never once was I so stuck that I needed to look up a guide, but I also had to use my brain every step of the way. As far as Metroidvanias, and video games in general go, Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a PERFECT game. Nothing needs to be removed or added. Mad respect to the dev.If you want something to fill the void of Dark Souls or Hyper Light Drifter, this is an easy reccomendation."
,Recommended,428550,32911192,Posted: 27 June,all,ChinaD011,i want dark souls community to leave.
,Recommended,428550,33062726,Posted: 30 June,all,Ash,Fun game with great visuals and satisfying combat.A sold 8/10.
,Recommended,428550,33005454,Posted: 29 June,all,GhostCat,"This is my first Momodora title that I have experienced, and I've gotta say; Wow, what a great game. I won't go into any spoilers with this, but if you're looking for a fun and yet challenging adventure: look no further. This game draws you in with it's pretty aesthetic and keeps you playing for its neat puzzles, fights, and secrets. And mentioning secrets, good luck finding them all! I had to pull up a guide just to find the last few certain little bugs (Collectables, not like the glitch kind of bug. Just thought I had to clear that up). Heck, I've beaten the game and still haven't found all the different items scattered throughout the map! If I had to mention anything negitive, It would have to be that the story kinda lost me. (But to be fair, I wasin't putting my complete attention into it. Plus, I have no knoledge of any of the other Momodora games' lore.) I noticed that during some of the boss battles that contained important dialogue, I was missing the meaning behind most of the bosses' words. But thats my only complaint about this game (Which is probably just my fault anyway, lol.). By the way, this didn't hinder my gaming experience in any way, and was more of just a pet-peve.Anyway, I'm definetly going back to do another playthrough of this after I'm done writing this review. Gotta get all those items and achievements that I missed! (FYI, I'm going to be attempting the Pacifist and No-Death achievements at the same time) Good Luck and happy playing to those who found this review helpful! (P.S, Try beating those bosses without taking damage, its worth it!)"
,Recommended,428550,32996198,Posted: 29 June,all,NanoDill,"This game is absolutely fantastic, has a memorable soundtrack and a good story. Definitely worth a purchase if you like Castlevania-like games. In fact it's just definitely worth a purchase, end of."
76561198054039826,Recommended,428550,33013203,Posted: 29 June,all,Varler,"Overall, the game is okay. Not great. I'd recommend only if you have an itch for metroidvania stuff.Visuals are REALLY beautiful. Excellent pixel art and animations. Sometimes you just want to kill all the enemies on a stage and stick around to inspect the art; it's that good.Combat feels only decent. Some animations run too long, and some attacks (melee!) make you move forward involuntarily. Some actions cancel charging your ranged attack. When rolling to dodge works, it feels good. When you run into an enemy and suffer contact damage, it gets annoying. Finally, the way you use items is a bit clunky: you have to tab through a list of items and find the one you want. If you value good combat, all of this might irritate you.Difficulty curve is weird - I'd say the game gets easier as you progress. You gain additional abilities that makes moving more intuitive and responsive. At the beginning, it feels sluggish.Soundtrack is alright. Nothing too memorable, but each helps set the mood for the environment.Story is a hit or miss. There is little dialogue, and most of the story is told through visuals and gameplay. Some people like minimalistic storytelling, leaving you to guess/fill in the gaps. Some people really don't like it.The game is short.TLDR; Has flaws, but probably worth. Buy on a sale for sure."
,Recommended,428550,32896097,Posted: 27 June,all,supermolp,"I am a casual gamer, I dont like to have a hard time playing a game. Even though I found this game challenging, I couldnt stop playing it until I realized I had completed it. I recommend this game becuase I had a good time with it."
,Recommended,428550,32938726,Posted: 28 June,all,Engifar,"This game is beautiful. Smooth animation, punishing but fair combat, depressing gothic atmosphere. Well done MetroidVania 2-d dark souls-esque action platformer."
76561198118046489,Recommended,428550,32938950,Posted: 28 June,all,HoboGod,A solid and surprisingly challenging metroidvania. Would highly recommend.
,Recommended,428550,32925369,Posted: 28 June,all,Suu,"tl;dr - Kaho is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥af and you can slap ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, buy the gameMomodora: RutM is a metroidvania-style indie game, and the fourth game in its series. It's currently one of my favorite games that I have ever played.While the first three games in its series seemed much more akin to classic titles like Cave Story, Momodora RutM feels extremely different, more like Dark Souls being played in a 2D platforming environment, with mechanics such as a dodge with invincibility frames. I never knew I wanted this, but it feels very entertaining.There's not that much platforming, as it's more of a battle-oriented game, mixed with exploration.Graphics look stunning for a retro-pixel 2D game, which blew me away as soon as I entered the game. The battle system is very well made, and deaths don't feel as frustrating as other games such as Dark Souls. The boss fights are also very entertaining.If there's one gripe with the game, it's that the story feels a bit lackluster, with forgettable side characters. However, everything else definitely makes up for it. Also, some items feel much weaker compared to some other items."
,Recommended,428550,32978151,Posted: 29 June,all,IceCoolTea,"Best one in the series. Amazing game, impossible to put it down once you started. The achievements and hidden secrets make it replayable. Waiting for the next one!"
,Recommended,428550,33111482,Posted: 1 July,all,A Bum,"Great 2D metroidvania with a Dark Souls aesthetic.  Controls well, good visuals, challenging gameplay, and an awesome OST. What more do you need?"
76561198001788291,Recommended,428550,33187223,Posted: 3 July,all,Neins,Too easy to die.And the game is a little short for this kind of gene.
,Recommended,428550,33158629,Posted: 2 July,all,TheStarAndy,"Very fun game, the difficulty it is just right and the pixel art is amazing."
76561198031486365,Recommended,428550,32227380,Posted: 6 June,all,Sgt. Pepper,"Phoenotopia, cave story, and a hit of bloodborne. This game has a cutesy metroidvania feel that you'll just love."
76561198047185654,Recommended,428550,32233161,Posted: 6 June,all,Dank Ra,I liked how hard this game can be at times when I feel like the game is easy. There is alot to explore in the massive open world. I wished there was more bosses to fight.
76561198047557240,Recommended,428550,32315718,Posted: 10 June,all,EvieWinters,"I would highly recommend this game. The controls are tight and fluid, the art is beautiful and it is just a very enjoyable game to play overall."
76561198109185208,Recommended,428550,32383497,Posted: 13 June,all,Kazu,After I've finished this game I try to understand it and I start to going through it again and again and it makes me I wanna kill myself every single time.Momodora is a bit souls type platform game placed in kind of fantasy medival or something.Game have really nice graphic combined with good animations. All that ofcourse is filled with beautiful soundtrack and great story ( so sad that it's so short).I rocommend this game to everyone who likes this type of games and sad stories.
76561198055984998,Recommended,428550,32383265,Posted: 13 June,all,NuckleChuts,Great and rewarding experience throughout each level. Lots of detail to go through and it truly feels like a lot of effort was put into every part of this game. Cute and sometimes creepy graphics. It also breaks the mold of sidescrollers and feels like its own genre I personally think its more than a metroidvania/soulslike. gg overall
,Recommended,428550,32420828,Posted: 14 June,all,ZeldaIsBestGirl,"Get this game if your a fan of unforgiving games ;-;by unforgiving i mean, no checkpoints. just save points. if you die at a far place and you still havent gotten to a save? nope. sorry, gotta start back from last save buddy. i could be wrong, but cmon man ;---;"
,Recommended,428550,32425042,Posted: 14 June,all,天然のインベーダ,It's a me zing.
76561198053750207,Recommended,428550,33721338,Posted: 22 July,all,csgoani.me/vksllkc,"If you're good at games and like difficult games this game is kinda short for you, but still gives the options for a harder playthrough (Difficulty Insane). If you're a medium pleb then this game will be a hidden gem for you !Soundtrack really lovely and many different items and some upgrades allow some different playstyles.Overall 9/11, but for the price it is definetely a 10/10"
76561198057117112,Recommended,428550,33699323,Posted: 21 July,all,Kaito,One of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,428550,33675424,Posted: 20 July,all,Blackjester,!
,Recommended,428550,33668957,Posted: 20 July,all,Nyarlako,"The Momodora series is improved a lot from the beginning, and after the first two freeware games the third was much more polised.Reverie under the Moonlight is the 4th one, and plays far before the old trilogy.It's a big step forward in both gameplay, story, and graphics too.The combat system is good, the pixel art is beautiful, bosses are fun and the world is full of places to explore."
76561198067104765,Recommended,428550,33773595,Posted: 24 July,all,Kastle,Great game. 2D metroidvania with a darksouls feel. Cute anime style artwork and animation. Only downside is it is a bit short.
76561198245928464,Recommended,428550,33824660,Posted: 26 July,all,Smashbro9,Solid experience for anyone who enjoys metriodvania gameplay and a little challenge.
76561198063809291,Recommended,428550,33859611,Posted: 28 July,all,Classy Sassy man,"this game, although short, is a goddaym masterpiece. its riddled with thoughtful and personal game design. unlike the annoying roguelites out there."
76561198031609146,Recommended,428550,33870703,Posted: 28 July,all,Raknarg,CAN I HAVE THE OPTION TO REMAP THE KEYS ON MY GOD DAMN CONTROLLER PLEASEgreat game
,Recommended,428550,33875105,Posted: 29 July,all,momoyawn,:momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn: :momoyawn:
76561197985850371,Recommended,428550,33904483,Posted: 30 July,all,Pennywise,"Pretty good if you like this kinda genre.  But it was a bit short and becomes pretty shallow after you get good at it.  The only way you can die is from offscreen attacks and fighting the bosses for the first time to learn patterns.  Don't do your first play through on hard mode.  The bosses all kill in one hit and its boring as hell learning their patterns by dying literally 20 times and having to run back.So its a sweet but short experience with very nice graphics and sounds.Oh, and I dislike the jumping mechanics.  Everything is placed so that your crappy double jump just barely lands on it, or barely misses it.  A little higher jumping would've made the game much more fluid."
,Recommended,428550,34099655,Posted: 8 August,all,Guitar Hero,"One of the best games I have played in a long time, kinda short but i went for the 100% run and didnt get it sadly. Anyways great game and great controls with controller at least."
,Recommended,428550,34104713,Posted: 8 August,all,Degobah Niggas,pretty fun but the death sound is the most annoying thing I have ever heard
76561198114273864,Recommended,428550,34092718,Posted: 7 August,all,[HTCP] KookSTeR123,"This Games art style is so amazing, the music is incredible, but sadly, I can't get far because of the lack of a controller. I'm sure this game would be much easier to play and control with a controller"
76561198041839582,Recommended,428550,34117286,Posted: 8 August,all,Dante Scales,"I might have gotten a little carried away with this game since my playtime is the actual amount of time I spent in game...with some minor fudging for a break...Anyway, the game is really good.  It's your classic metriodvenia game, but a tad small for the real feel.  Back tracking is small, which is good, but the the entire world feels a little small.The combat is very strong in my feeling, fast, but allowing you to play slow when needed.  Some of the boss battles look really imtindating at first, but after I got through most of them and upgraded my health a little, things softened up a bit.  The boss will still hit hard, but it's less likely to one shot you with attacks that are adsurdly hard to dodging.  As I found, some attacks you use the dodge and others are just standing still in the right place.Art design is very, very nice.  For as simple as it appears, it's very nice, I really loved it.  It isn't extremely detailed, but it's detailed enough to give very clear expressions to our silent protagnous, side charaters, and a fair number of ememies.  The best has to be the final battle against the Queen (not a spoiler since the game tells you it's ""her fault"" for the curse) fairly early on...outside of saying you need to find her.Story is simple, but it surprisingly good.  There isn't much dialog, even for the final boss which I was almost exspecting.  The few npcs you find in the world (and can talk with), don't really offer much help in the world, outside of one.  However, they do tell a fine story and it's not a grim dark or end of the world story, but more of hope.  Poeple are trying to survive in a cursed kingdom, some turning to faith, others turning to their own ideas, and some flat out trying to deny what is happened and falling back on their blind trust in the Queen.  A few bosses straight out say, ""Your aggainst the Queen, so die."" You of course kill them, but half the time I feel bad for them; exspecially the secrete boss who litterly throws a tantrum when you beat her (Even though it can be inferred that she killed her sister as well.)  Story is mainly given by npcs and few bosses, but it's fairly simple and very easy to understand.  And for once I was honestly a little sad about what was happening to the people I had to kill (meaning the boss fights, and the true ending)The things that aren't good and sadly, could be better.  As I stated above, the map feels small.  It got a lots of places to go, but there isn't much depth after you've been through it once.  The map is also tightened up as you unlock more shortcuts and later, the fast travel system.  I am glad the game does include the fast travel system, but I'm almost wishing the fast travel was removed and only the short cuts.  Unless your trying to get ""dont kill anything, but bosses"" achievement and the 100% map and or bugs achievements, then it's not really worth the trouble.  The map is small enough not to need both the fast travel and the short cuts.  But that's only me...maybe if the map was larger, I be less annoyed with that.This is going to sound odd, but it's there.  The fast travel system is limited to a selct few shrines and yet you can travel from anyone your siting by.  If you removed the short cuts, I would gladly take the fast travel to any shrine option.  But as before, I much rather have a either or instead of both options.Damage, this is a little silly in my book.  Every hit does a fair amount of damage, but if it's a spike say good night.  I'm fine with bottomless pits, combat that puts you on edge all the time from creatures that can easily kill you, but when you tap what appears to be  a jaggied fense you die at max, exstended health?  Some of versions of spikes don't look like they should kill you, but they do.  I get the desire to feel like a DarkSouls game, but why do I find myself dying to spikes all over the place?  More importently, whose idea was to put a achievemnt for not dying in the game and have a required pit of spikes before the boss battle that you NEED TO JUMP OVER?!  I dont know how many times I've died to it, but I'm sure most of my deaths were from that single pit.  For those who might play the game, you need to pause as the edge (get right up to the edge) and then jump, double jump, and finally dash across and do it close enough to the edge, with the screen scroll so you can actually make it to the other side.  --- Nitpicking of course, but I dont even want to try and guess how many deaths that silly pit gave me...might have been seconded to one of the early bosses as well.Boss battles, I'm sorry to say this, but they are good and bad at times.  Some boss battles put you near the edge of death so quickly, but the moment you calm down and realize they have a very simple pattern or trick, you can beat them down easily.  I'm only putting this here because I a ton of deaths to one of the earliest bosses because I couldn't get down her pattern, but when I am at the final boss, things aren't so bad.  Sure I am buffing my power, but she really wasn't doing anything that wasn't readable.  If anything, the second encouter with the witch did a better job at that.  Bosses look fast, but they are fairly easy to deal with once you realize what they do.  And sadly, once you get more into the grove of that idea, the later bosses kind of feel weak.  They hit like a truck of course, but sadly they get close to falling flat at times.Now if you've read all that or skipped to the end, my final rating is a clean 9/10.  Ignoring my feelings about how combat is extreme damage against you and learn patterns of this boss, and of course getting one shot...the game is very good, great combat, interesting story, the sound track is incredible.  I rarely find myself enjoying the stage music almost as much as the boss battle.  One of my favorite songs happens to the one which I died the most to (besides how the music suddenly comes in the moment she looks to you and draws her blade...so good).  And most importently, the price tag for what offered, I got the game durring a sale, but paying the full price isn't bad either.  The game has a fair amount of content even if it's got a few flaws.  I might be interested in grabbing the sound track as well once I get a chance.  The does a great job for what it is and definitly is small enough for that second playthrough which is ok since it's got those replay acheivements on it."
,Recommended,428550,34114739,Posted: 8 August,all,Varale,"YES!!! I loved this game! Its been a little while since I've been so sucked into a game! Finished up in like two days. Everything is done with so much passion. The backgrounds, character design, the music, the tight controls, and the story. I love the ambiance, the bloodbourne/ dark souls world feel wrapped around a  metroidvania  burrito, tasty!!!! I really hope they start working on another Momodora game, cause i need it bad!"
76561198104554518,Recommended,428550,34110143,Posted: 8 August,all,Lanian,"A very good game that challenge you,and gives you a lovely story.You will need like 4 - 6 h to finish the game,but that depends on you."
,Recommended,428550,34095329,Posted: 7 August,all,deViate,"Excellent platformer. Shares many similarities with dark souls; dark themed, difficult and satisfying when you beat a boss. At the same time it gets easier as you play and get used to the controls and enemy mechanics like that of the souls series.Awesome music, I find myself listening to it when I'm not playing.Overall I recommend it, but it is short so don't go into it thinking you'll get souls hours out of it. (approx 5 hours on first playthrough)"
76561198142382078,Recommended,428550,34168008,Posted: 11 August,all,Kaizoku_Panic,"Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight is one of those games you know you'll like, but will have to spend some time to get used to. It is ALSO one of those games where you can't really get a good bearing on if you should buy it or not because the reviews on the steam page either praise the game into heaven or raze it to the ground.Curtly said: Should  you play this game? Yes, but add an asterix to that yes. That's the short answer. If you were only looking for that you've probably already decided to buy it anyway. Go click that add to cart button and have a  good time. For those still on the fence: allow me to explain that asterix.-LENGHT AND GAMEPLAYFirst off: This game is a short game: At a leisure pace (not rushing towards the final boss) I was able to complete the game in just under 5 hours, but playing the New Game mode now I have been able to play halfway through the game in what amounts to 1 hour. So If you're looking for a gigantic game like the Castlevania titles to sink hours upon hours into, this won't be your cup of tea.When starting this game, it will be HARD. I'm not talking ""pick hard and die a few times"", I'm talking give any enemy two hits and you're dead hard. This might scare off most (I saw plenty reviews on here with one hour talking about how they quit because of how ""bad"" and ""unfairly hard it was), but let me say right now that if you stick with the game to learn your mechanics (i.e your dodgeroll should be worshipped like a religion and every enemy has a pattern you'll just have to observe carefully), you'll get the hang of it in no time at all (again, the game is short). I guess you can call this game souls- like, but the difficulty, where brutal, will always remain fair. In fact, the beginning hours are really the toughest, because just when you've been immersed into the game and it's mechanics, you'll gain the power to dodge in mid-air, easing you into the experience and paving way for the game to truly kick off into high gear.The combat in Momodora: RUTM is snappy and well executed. The various moves perfectly blend into eachother. I can quickly do a four- hit combo and dodge-roll out and not receive any damage. You press the button, Kuho does the move, it's that easy. This makes it very fun and satisfying to partake in the battles because you know that you're constantly held accountable for your own actions.The platforming is the same: the gravity of you and the world is consistent, your jumps and doublejumps are instantenous and you really feel in control. The drawback to this is that some of the platfroming is ridiculously easy once you get the hang of it, but on the flipside it's extremely satisfying to zoom through a section you would previously be struggling with.Let's talk about the bosses: mechanically, they're simply amazing. Without spoiling too much you will be fighting both demons and humans this game, and both feel satisfying to play against. Each boss has its own moveset, and you'll both have to keep track of their attack patterns but also try to develop a routine of attacking them on your own. They all hit like a truck, which makes them scary to approach. There's always this feeling of dread while fighting them.Conclusion: The game is a nice blend between souls-like and metroidvania games, leaning more on the latter than the former in terms of design. The devs even state this themselves on the store page. Quote: ""Momodora: RUTM shouldn’t exactly be categorized as “Metroidvania” or “Souls-like”, but there certainly are elements of both contained within. It's a game of its own.""This is from the last paragraph from the ""Message from the Publisher"" section of the page. The developers are quite proud of their game it seems, as they go on to proudly boast about how the game is a masterpiece in gameplay and storytelling.-STORY AND NARRATIVE, SOUND AND DESIGNWell okay there, Playism, let's not get ahead of ourselves. The game is good, great even, but to call the story a masterpiece is just plainly lying to your customers. The Momodora series has never had a big focus on story telling. Yes, there were always hidden undertones and lore hidden in the game, but I feel like the devs are putting a bit too much confidence into their narrative. Supposedly, the player should constantly be re-adjusting their views towards the citizens and city they're trying to save, but it is repeatedly stated you're only here because the curse has reached your hometown as well. There may be two memorable characters in the game, the most memorable being Cath. I feel like the devs have put a lot of effort into Cath, I genuinely felt connected to her for the most part, especially when fighting side by side. It made the world feel expansive and forged a bond with her, but there are other characters in other games I feel much more connected to, immediately Curly from Cavestory comes to mind here. You meet her multiple times and fight with her, and she also tells you more things about herself inbetween your discovery of new areas, like Cath, but the fact that you just get more time with Curly means that ultimately she's the stronger character.The city of Karth feels gloomy and depressive. The barren, empty feel of the hallways and corridors, small amount of NPC's as well as the later message that most have died anyway all conveyed the feeling for me that this place was already lost. The few survivors left have locked themselves into their house or fled to the monastry, but most have either died or been corrupted. This all only added to the idea that Kuho was here for her village. A shrine maiden with determination. Scared, frail, but nevertheless moving on and suprisingly brave when it really mattered. I feel that the gameplay really works hand in hand with the narrative here. A silent protagonist instantly creates player identification, and the frailty of your character in the beginning (she dies in two to three hits!) as well as the realization that to survive, you'll have to be aggressive, HAVE to use that dodgeroll to engage and not run away. It all really works well.Most people say that the story is barebones. And I agree. I favor playing grand RPG's with amazing stories, even small games like Bastion or Transistor tell a great story with in a great world full of lore. But that's not the way to look at this story. The devs state that they all grew up playing NES games. That's how you should look at it: Shrine maiden adventures through city to fight the evil queen and save her hometown, plumber ventures through kingdom to fight koopa and save princess, vampire hunter invades castle to fight dracula and save world. That's the narrative the dev created, and the execution in gameplay, sound design and graphics is what they poured their heart and soul into. I also want to point out that this story is a prequel to all other Momodora games (1 up to 3, the first two can be found for free in a simple google search). Yes, even with these three combined there still isn't much to tell, but this isn't that kind of game. It's one you boot up at ten in the evening with your best pair of headphones on, the only light illuminating the room your desklamp and the monitor, while the outside is pitch black. One where you will look back on fondly even years later, saying ""man I want to venture through that monastry again"". Never have I fought a boss and thought to myself: ""Damn, should I reset and refight it?""To top the review off: The sound and graphics in this game are simply marvelous (a HUGE step-up from earlier titles), and work perfectly hand in hand with the gameplay to create a lasting impression with the player they won't forget.This game is fantastic, yet not perfect. But I did leave a lasting impression with me, making me want to return to it again and again. Suddenly I was that little boy with a DS and copy of Aria of Sorrow again, and that, for me, is fully worth the 10 bucks price."
,Recommended,428550,34135473,Posted: 9 August,all,SecondReversal,"This game is a hidden gem on Steam. One of the first things that struck me about it is just howgoodthis game looks. The pixel graphics really work well with the artistic style of the game. The controls are tight and work well, making combat fun and exciting. There are various mechanics and items at your disposal, and they can be used with each other for some truly amazing combinations (Check out a speedrun for some examples).There is a considerable amount of replayability as well; the acheivments lend themselves to different playstyles and difficulties. Speaking of which, there are various difficulties that can be adjusted to fit any kind of player. The story is good as well, and manages to pull of some geniunly emotional character moments. I purchased the soundtrack to this game not only because I wanted to support the developer, but because the music is high quality. Overall, I definitley recommend this game. It will make a great addition to your library, and the price is a great deal for what you're getting. 10/10 for sure"
76561198092619014,Recommended,428550,34185906,Posted: 12 August,all,Childofthe3eyedmoon,"A difficult but rewarding game, those who master it will find a very pleasant experience waiting for them. This holds particularly true for the boss fights. Learning is hard, but execution becomes easier as you learn, and you are rewarded with unique items for beating a boss without losing or sacrificing any HP (Some items do have an HP cost). This sort of formula is almost like Megaman Zero's reward system mixed with Dark Souls' learning curve for boss attack patterns.If you're up for a true challenge, there's also a mode you can unlock that makes you a one hit point wonder. Best of luck for those who try it, and best of skill as well. All in all, this is a lovingly crafted game that any Metroidvania fan should play, especially at its generous pricing. This one warrants multiple playthroughs."
76561198151636610,Recommended,428550,34208476,Posted: 13 August,all,Zyc,"6 hours and a bad ending. but the game is great, I enjoyed it,  worthy"
76561198305787433,Recommended,428550,34227294,Posted: 13 August,all,novacore,i love this game the art the music the levle the ... evry thing ... but this game crashes alot for me and i mean a lot i cant get pased the 4th boss becus of the crashing but i wold still recomend it there arent realy any major problems exept the crashing
,Recommended,428550,21952032,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,wavebeem,"Pros:+ Haunting atmosphere+ Fantastic art+ Good music+ Liberal save points+ Bosses aren't too hard (if you remember to use all your items)+ Great fusion of Dark Souls and Metroidvania+ Stun locking enemies and invincible rolling make combat really interesting+ No filler (4-6 hours)+ Multiple difficulty levels (easy/normal/hard)Cons:- Game does not explain that ALL ITEMS are restocked at save points for free!- I wish the game was a little longer or had more playable characters- Spikes are an INSTANT KILL... probably should've just made them half health imoOverall:I've played this game twice now, and I almost never replay games. This game is an absolute gem. Just buy it already."
76561198088592839,Recommended,428550,34254178,Posted: 15 August,all,Edrix,Great game.
,Recommended,428550,34264751,Posted: 15 August,all,Exocypher,"I was a bit sceptic about buying this game because I hat no experience with this genre but boy....was I wrong.The protagonist doesn't talk directly but kinda communicate with other NPC's. It gives a very mysterious feeling about her.The story is simple but gives quite some room for imagination and I love this graphic art. It calms me and lets me forget about time.I wished for a longer story, more areas and interactions with characters but with how cheap this game is and how much love the developers put in it I tip my fancy fedora.10/10 would tip my fedora again."
76561198049505730,Recommended,428550,34269287,Posted: 15 August,all,Queeny Pie,"Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight was an interesting experience, albeit I found it to be too short for $9.99. The gameplay is essentially that of a metroidvania: you have equips you can buy, upgrades you can find (be it secret areas with health or collectible bugs), and a map that fills out as you explore the world. The difficulty at times feels more castlevania than metroid though, with enemies placed in unnerving locations or just very heralding jump challenges.The graphic style is cute, a little more realisitcally proportioned than it's predecessors, but still cute. The music was pleasant but I felt it was forgetable. The characters have nice designs, but their actual characters are really basic given how short the game is.What really lets the game down is its length. At one point I had finally gotten some mobility and certain spoilery power-ups that made me think the game was finally going to make things interesting...only for it to reach the final area and end with no surprises. I was hoping the game would be at least another 2~4 hours long. Still, if you're looking for a metroidvania with a different art style, I highly recommend this game. If you're not as sold, I'd recommend it even more when it's on sale."
76561198232497328,Recommended,428550,34243714,Posted: 14 August,all,Tea Time?,This is a game that draws you in with the art and keeps you playing with the elaborate bosses and interesting story. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good metroidvania game to play.Excellent job to the team behind this game and I look forward to any future games they put out.
,Recommended,428550,34250536,Posted: 14 August,all,Chitose,it was good
76561198168071213,Recommended,428550,34278656,Posted: 16 August,all,thekingofpuffs,this game is fun i beat the game in 10 hours and didnt do most of the secrets good game for only 7 dollers
,Recommended,428550,34520289,Posted: 26 August,all,smileslime,I was surprised at how smooth and fluid the pixel art was. What a great game.
76561198071715227,Recommended,428550,34396918,Posted: 21 August,all,wdm000,"I finished this game on normal and it was brilliant. I 100%ed the map and got every item on hard and it was genius. Then I did a pacifist run on easy just because it was so good. And if that wasn't enough I played and finished it again on insane difficulty (one hit kill mode).Now I'm considering to do another playthrough without dying. This is the first metroidvania I ever played btw. I'm not particularly good at these kinds of games as I easily quit in frustration once something takes more than a couple attempts. Yet this here was different.I died and died and died again and again, but through all of that I can't remember a second of gameplay that wasn't fun and engaging. This game is a masterpiece."
76561198259098042,Recommended,428550,34362889,Posted: 19 August,all,Loligagfag,"Its honestly fun to play and the soundtrack ......i love it, its worth your time and money to play and experience momodora"
,Recommended,428550,34388502,Posted: 20 August,all,PKSYHR,I love this game to death the music and level design and difficulty are all perfect and it's an amazing experience that had me glued to the screen. It's a short game but well worth the money for the experience that it imparts.
76561198385187642,Recommended,428550,34365883,Posted: 19 August,all,a_esparza92,"I was looking for something to play when I came across this game. I grew up with Metroid and Castlevania games, so it absolutely caught my attention as I also completed all the dark souls games. I was just looking for something simple to play to kill time. This was actually really good and was even worth the $10 I think. the visuals are really well done and smooth, the feeling and background ..the artwork altogether is visually pleasing and overall stunning. The Sountrack has a way of immersing you into the levels as it is well done. movement is really good and feels solid and fluent for what it is. I have no complaints other than that I wish it was longer ...or they made another. this actually had me wanting more."
76561198011353929,Recommended,428550,34365125,Posted: 19 August,all,I Need 300 Gold,"Great, atmospheric visuals mixed with tight, challenging but rewarding gameplay? This game is amazing and I feel physically ill that hardly anybody talks about it."
76561198272012403,Recommended,428550,34355767,Posted: 19 August,all,Ryzen_7x,Great game /// Only the true champions go for the True ending FTW.
76561198062656082,Recommended,428550,34519387,Posted: 26 August,all,All Might,"If you like games in the metroidvania style, then Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight is for you; the game is really fluid, intuitive and the battle system is well made, the music is just wonderful, and Pardoner's Dance is what made me fall in love with the game; the graphics are gorgeous, and even though the game is quite short, backtracking in order to find all the items is still enjoyable."
76561198268627717,Recommended,428550,34542208,Posted: 27 August,all,deyvson,"Well, I'm having fun. I think that it was a mistake to offer difficult choices at once, the normal difficult should be standard and the hard one avaiable after finishing the game, it would keep things more interesting. The game is beautiful, and is aesthetically that it shows it's highest potencial. The combat is fun, and the game is not hard, but keeps things interesting. The game is short, it is a drawback, although it makes up for it's price. I hope they keep developing the franchise, they created some really charismatic characters and it has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,428550,34492104,Posted: 25 August,all,Yeetster,This game is pretty cool from what ive played so far but it would be cool to be able to change the controls to what you want its good game Kinda difficult 9/10 Edit you can edit controls 11/10
76561198092640438,Recommended,428550,34492203,Posted: 25 August,all,depressed mento,Yes please play this game there's not enough people that have played this game and it's really really good though noticeably short but that's okay!  Very fun to play and very very beautiful animation and music.
,Recommended,428550,34488003,Posted: 25 August,all,Zankoukanshokai,"This review is long overdue but I wanted to share my short review of this game.Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight is a fun and challenging game that feels like Castlevania and Dark Souls put together. When I first played the game, I died a few times until I got used to the controls and learned the game knowledge of this game. I've played the hardest mode and I had fun as well. Dodging one-two hit attacks is thrilling. This is one of my favorite indie / metroidvania games of all time. The story is straightforward and the soundtrack is memorable. I like the NES/piano style music.The game is not long but those hours I spent were the most memorable. I highly recommend this game."
76561198051264306,Recommended,428550,34528539,Posted: 27 August,all,TheHamBro,"A great metroidvania with inspiration from the Souls games.  Fantastic visuals, music and gameplay.  Although a bit on the short side, it's still worth the asking price.  If you're a fan of the genre, do yourself a favor, grab this hidden gem add it to your repertoire."
76561198167559175,Recommended,428550,34749386,Posted: 4 September,all,m4maus,An absolute gem of a game with possibly the most satisfying combat I've played of this genre. It leaves you wanting more but it's a fantastic experince all the way through. It's a MUST-PLAY in my book.
76561198138394722,Recommended,428550,34741882,Posted: 4 September,all,Mooneyboys,"I had a surprising amount of fun as someone who doesnt play side scroller games often. Boss fights were fun, it had great music, however at times the game did get repetitive when fighting the same monsters over and over again. Overall great time sink"
,Recommended,428550,34774960,Posted: 6 September,all,Morshay,"Worth every penny, even at full price. I highly recommend to read the game's description, because it dives into detail on what this game is actually about as opposed to the calm nature of the trailer, pictures and game title."
,Recommended,428550,34859691,Posted: 10 September,all,Goatmeal,"A 2D Dark Souls / Metroidvania that is short, sweet, and perfectly executed. There is no more concise description."
,Recommended,428550,34840487,Posted: 9 September,all,tuga`?  -JC-,"One of the best....BEST...Metroidvania games ever made.  It really brings a tear to my eye to see a game produced under such a great pair of IPs(Metroid and Castlevania) and introduce new ideas and feels to the genre.  If you like amazing games and don't already own this game, please do yourself a favor and buy this game!"
76561198308083842,Recommended,428550,34840246,Posted: 9 September,all,neivlab,good game thats similar to dark souls
76561197971291045,Recommended,428550,34818591,Posted: 8 September,all,Thrill,"So this is a good, competent game. But I bought it for the Metroidvania tag, and this is not in any meaningful sense a Metroidvania.A Metroidvania is built around exploration and rewarding the player with exciting new means of exploration. The world opens up in organic, interesting, unintuitive ways when a boss drops a Samus ball or a double jump macguffen or a cloak that lets you walk through walls. Even if you're not breaking sequence, it *feels* like you're getting away with something.This game only pays lip-service to that core mechanic. The player unlocks 1 1/2 ways to move around the world, but they don't go anywhere interesting or off the beaten path. The level design actively penalizes exploration with permadeath traps and hidden enemies, so that too often any sense of freedom or wonder is ripped away as you die to a hazard you couldn't have foreseen and run through the same set of rooms again, except this time you know where the spikes are.Which is fine!For the kind of game it is, this is fine. The controls are tight enough to be fair. Save points are frequent enough not to be too frustrating, Enemies all have satisfying counters. The cramped, tense feel of the levels works for this game.But it's not Axiom Verge or Hollow Knight or, I dunno, Unepic. So go in with your eyes open, is all I'm saying."
,Recommended,428550,34703214,Posted: 2 September,all,Androxilogin,"One of the best games ever!! As with the series, Momodora I, II, III, this game is tough.Animation is amazing, characters are fitting and the backgrounds are gorgeous. Sound is not as intense as previous games. In many ways I feel as though I'm playing an SNES game back in the day- and that's a good thing. If you've never played this before or got it from Humble, do it! DO IT NOW!!Also, maybe look into Chronicles of Teddy if you really enjoy it. Because that rocks too.My only complaint with this game would have to be the jumping. It just doesn't feel right at all. Like you're not jumping to full potential. Also an option to turn off those damn stars would be great."
76561198363732028,Recommended,428550,34869903,Posted: 10 September,all,LOL Meister,"This game is really beautiful. The soundtrack is well done, too.It feels like a sidescroll version of Darksouls.One suggestion: the non-boss enemies are a bit easy to defeat, or at least their attack patterns are really limited. There are also not very much different kinds, a bit more creativity in this sector would really be nice.On the other hand the terrine is nice built and fun to explore."
,Recommended,428550,27009123,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wicho,Love it!
76561198394474200,Recommended,428550,34892724,Posted: 11 September,all,DatBoiDerek07,"Momodora reverie under the moonlight is one of the best platformer games I have ever played it is fun and challeging. The detial in the level design, enemies, and character devolpment is very well done. this game also takes inspiration from bloodborne using things like lamp like checkpoints, a dark city with secrets around every corner, and a fast paced combat. With all of this i would recomed any fan of platformer games to play this game 5 out of 5 stars"
,Recommended,428550,34849280,Posted: 9 September,all,N00byGamerPlayz,This is absolutely great + it's hard! The last game from the Momodora Series. Bosses mare you rage quit! Dark Souls style that deserves appreciation!
,Recommended,428550,34967604,Posted: 15 September,all,yarvenclog,A great metroidvania type game with a decent challenge and adorable characters. The setting has a very Dark Souls/Bloodborne type feel to it that I love. This game just really hit the right spot for me.
,Recommended,428550,29245065,Posted: 14 January,all,porn wrangIer,I'm not into this weeabo trash game type but as soon as I got to that big breasted boss I was hook. Sad theres no good R34 of this game or I would give it the recommend.so no recommend cause no pr0n. that take nerds
76561198040569720,Recommended,428550,31524302,Posted: 3 May,all,PhantasosK,Absolutely loved this game. What a wonderful hidden gem.
76561198017273818,Recommended,428550,35355629,Posted: 30 September,all,Hoodie,"Gameplay : 4/5Sound and Music : 3/5Visuals : 5/5Replayability : 3/5Story : 4/5Overall : 3.8It’s a really fun game and only suffers from average music and some exploitable bits in the gameplay. The visuals look awesome in this one and it really shows how far they’ve come since the first game. The main story was just okay but there’s some extra parts that really stuck to me, for the sake of not spoiling anything I won’t talk about it. Replayability is fine, I mean it would be fun to play again but at this moment I don’t feel any need to, definitely want to see if I can change some outcomes in the story though. Everything in this game just works really well and I didn’t have a bad time at all playing it."
76561198085070881,Recommended,428550,35319283,Posted: 29 September,all,Nissad,"Another great entry to cult classic series of games. This is Momodora at its very best. Its a solid metroidvania that take about 4-6 hours to complete on normal. As far as metroidvanias go, its unremarkable except for the fact that its gorgeous. Seriously, everysingle movement and attack looks amazing. This is without a doubt some of my favorite pixel art ever.Combat is challenging, fair, and satisfying just as it is in all Momodora games. You don't have to play any of the previous games to enjoy this one, as none of them are directly connected. That being said, the first two games are freeware and I highly recomend playing the second one if you are at all interested.That being said, this game is Momodora at its best and I highly recomend it to anyone who's interested in a shorter, tougher, prettier metrodidvania game."
76561198024384431,Recommended,428550,35158547,Posted: 23 September,all,Labandero X,"i finished the game in under four hours. its an amazing game if you're alright with a short great experience-amazing art, animation and design(a very cute castlevania/bloodborne aesthetic)-simple but tight controls-bosses are nice and creative. all of the bosses had a unique spin to them-it lasted its stay long enough that theres never a dull moment.- other than its short length, a really good game."
,Recommended,428550,35155708,Posted: 23 September,all,Nanidesuka,"great game overall, it was just too short. Wish there was more.9/10"
,Recommended,428550,35193082,Posted: 24 September,all,bobbygee,"+Story is there, could maybe be better or have more character progression+Music is really great+Most bosses are great and have awesome design+Graphics are amazing, movements flow really well and look good-Some areas don't even have music, which is sucks because when there was music is was really good-You can pretty much cheese almost every enemy-Little variation between enemies, enemies are reused-There are some BS moments, like in Dark Souls-Some bosses/minibosses are way too easy, especially the final boss fight-Ending was underwhelming-Wouldn't recommend if you don't have a controller to play it withOverall, I'd recommend it to anybody who enjoys metroidvania games or platformers"
76561198111412331,Recommended,428550,35232944,Posted: 26 September,all,professor.rlima,Fantastic metroidvania game!
,Recommended,428550,35256161,Posted: 27 September,all,C 0 R R U P T E D,"Honestly, Loved it!One of the best retro pixel games I have played!-Soundtrack was great-Good Pixel art-Solid game mechanics-Overall a fun game to playWas worth the $10 IMO."
,Recommended,428550,35365447,Posted: 30 September,all,~♫~ Gum Gum ~♫~,"This is the first game of the series that I played, but it was interesting enough for me to want to find out more.The game is difficult, but easy at the same time.The boss fights are pretty funThe cat form is freaking ADORABLEThe areas in the game are pretty and daunting at the same time.The platforming isnt too difficult, so if you're bad at them like me then you won't have to worry about it too much.This game has a real classic feel to it, which is niceThe soundtrack is good, and the animations are fluid.It's short, but sweet.I definetly recommend this one."
