user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,428540,22803540,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Johnny Knoxville,"I was prepared to cry, but I don't know how to feel about this game.I was really looking forward to it and I know you should support new games/developers,but the story is kinda flat and I didn't even feel close to the characters.The gameplay is easy; You just walk around and click on all yellow marked things.I had to play with the lowest settings and it was still lagging like crazy,even though the graphics are kinda outdated.Not sure if this is worth 20 bucks, compared to other games , where you get more for this price...I don't hate this game, but I don't like it either."
,Recommended,428540,22794635,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Poetepoet,"What an experience.I knew the story was based on a sad event, and was bracing myself for sadness. But I could not have predicted the overwhelming emotions that struck me during my time playing this game. I have literally cried for a good 20 minutes, trying desperately to proceed with the story.The art is beautiful, the story grasping, immersive and loaded with emotion. I can't wait to see what SassyBot Studio is going to deliver in the future, but they gained a fan with this narrative experience."
,Recommended,428540,22802730,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,InckKk,"Review Fragments of Him by InckKkIntroductionFragments of Him is an interactive narrative experience developed and published by Sassybot, released 3th of May 2016.The game is about the memories of the people who were a big influence in Will's life or knew him.You aren't a character into the game, but you are a kind of a ""viewer"" who is able to click on several objects to experience the fragments. It was different compared to Dear Esther or similar games, because you are more active within the story then ""walking"" the story.GameplayThe main gameplay is to experience the fragments which your are able to gain by clicking on the specific marked objects, the movement while playing the game is smooth and the cinematic scenes are nice and used well.StorylineThis game is totally different compared to other games and thats his strength. The game does focus ofcourse on Will's death, but has several scenes/stories were you will find (maybe) yourself, and yes thats pretty neat.The story is told from several characters and thats good, because that will enrich your abillity to create a great picture of Will as person.GraphicsOne of the things you will notice while playing the game, is the minimal use of colors. At first i was a little bit skeptical but it worked perfectly fine, its a nice way to give even more strenght to the experience.The different rooms and places you will walk through are very detailed and designed well, the only little point for improved could made into the garden because of the ""dark areas"". It was a little bit too ""dark"" for my taste.SoundThe sounds were good and the voice-actors were great, definitely they used the best voice-actors for this kind of story.ConclusionTo sum up, a pretty good game which is definitely different to the games i have played through the years like Dear Esther, Gone Home etc. beside that, finished the game in less then 2,5 hours and was worth the money in my opinion.I would recommend this game to everyone who likes story-based games and fully want an experience instead of high scores."
76561198015099270,Recommended,428540,24051403,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,tanwencooper,"This was a very beautiful experience. the game is about love, in several different forms, what that means and the void that can be left whent hat love is lost, be it to time, another or ultimately death. The narrative was touching, and left me thinking about my own life for several hours afterwards. It will stay with me. As a game, don't expect any great level of interaction: you essentially just click through the game and there are few choices about which path you chose to take or anything like that. However, don't let that hold you back."
,Recommended,428540,22918207,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jedi Master Rubberduckzilla,"Fragments of Him is not a game in the traditional sense. There's no running around shooting things. No Sims to build houses for and no nations to conquer.Instead Fragments of Him tells a story. The story it tells is of a man and the stories that revolve around him. Stories attached to everyday objects like memories of old.At roughly 2 hours long the game may sound short for the price but it is worth it. The raw emotion in the story alone makes it so. The characters are recognisable and relatable. I could easily see this being my life. Maybe this is my life, could explain why it resonated with me so well. It shows the importance of family, of understanding and of how different people can have different views on something. They try their hardest for you.I'm not the same person who started playing this game earier.  Go play this game.  Just do it!"
,Recommended,428540,24489150,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,fog99uk,Played through this with a broken heart. I cried so much.
,Recommended,428540,22815283,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,silveryogurt,"Seeing him for the first time through the eyes of people that loved him was a sure way to make me begin to love Will just as much as his family did. This game made me feel like he was my friend, too. And the loss I feel is so profound, that I don't know what to do with myself now.I did leave the game running overnight (whoops) so I didn't really play for 8 hours, the game isn't quite that long. But it's truly something special, and has reminded me to cherish the people around me."
76561197967107411,Not Recommended,428540,22848242,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sticky_Tank,"Sadly incredibly boring. The 48 minutes I played felt like a slog.The story was not engaging(frankly, the grandma annoyed the hell out of me), the gameplay was so dull and limited that I ended running around tables, just to have something to do.I see what they wanted to do, but they missed the mark. The sacrifced gameplay for a story-driven game. Sadly the story and its delivery is dull.The game also has many visual defects. Obvious texture seems, shoddy modeling, clunky and stiff animation.Makes me sad."
,Recommended,428540,23642740,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,MitchyD.InfernoSquad,An affecting story about love and loss with powerful perspectives.
,Recommended,428540,23934975,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ralf T,"2.5 Hours of pure emotionFor me Gone Home was the best interactive narrative game ever made, but Dutch-based indie studio Sassybot managed to impress me even more with this beautiful Fragments of Him. Yes, it's only 2 to 3 hours long and yes, the gameplay is limited to walking and clicking on various objects, but behind these simple elements the player is presented with an emotional and moving story that really makes you think about life. Definitely one of the most emotional game experiences I've ever played!+ Deep emotional story+ Unique graphics+ Beautiful music+ Top-notch voice acting- Limited gameplay- Short (2-3 hours)Score: 93"
,Recommended,428540,22778016,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Geert,"This is one of those gorgeous art pieces that you don't see very often but when you do, you are forever moved by it. Thank you for making this."
76561198072056829,Recommended,428540,23367758,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,lcdeelen,"- For anyone who likes good narrative games, this is an absolute must have! -I sat thinking about this game for the longest time, overwhelmed by emotion. This is a heartwarming story about love and hope, but also a heartbreaking story about loss and pain. I found myself fully immersed in the game and I suggest that anyone playing this game does so when you have 2-3 hours of free time. It is absolutely worth playing all the way through in a single session.The developers did an excellent job on creating an emotional narrative, beautiful graphics and wonderful music. Everything helps build the connection with Will and his family, which you get to know quite well. In the end I felt like I truly knew the characters as if they were real. They share their thoughts, their silly little memories, their doubts and their pain. But what touched me the most, was that they all share their vulnerable moments with you. Everyone will recognise pieces of themselves in the characters of this game. I really hope that the next game from Sassybot is another great emotional narrative experience, because I have never played anything like this before and I'd like to play a lot more."
76561197989132185,Recommended,428540,22786584,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"Fragments of Him. Getting fragmented accounts of a person through his closest is not entirely the best way to portray a human being. Intense love seem to be accompanied  by tolerance for mundaneness, rendering the relationship itself interesting to the persons in question, but making the other's perspective one of pointlessness. Fragmented stories of everyday circumstances: first kisses, brushing of legs and the awkward stumbling towards falling in love is in this game made out to be profound in and by themselves. Fragments of Him attempts to escape the mundane through the mundane, the only difference being that one of the two are accompanied by a veil of love, a veneer of love. But this love, that is vital for a story like this, is not understood by the player. Therein lies the issue of this game.We are told there is love, we are told there is longing and profoundness, we are told there are reasons for acting and a will that is profound, but never with reason. It is never concrete, it is merely uttered as if there explication of profundity would the situation so. Within the game, we see connections, but where is our connection to them? What could have been done to formalize a bond, or a deeper relationship or connection to these characters other than simply being a ghostlike presence rummaging through their memories? Am I the only one feeling this lack of connection? Am I too cynical for a story like this, or can we say there is a more solid reason for my lack of connection? Why do I not care?I did not feel like I understood the characters, I did not know why they said the things they said. Why did one think everyday life, the patterns and routines, to be imprisonment? Why was the love between one of the couples in the love triangle not as strong as the other? What change did Will want? Why did any of this matter?In fact, we are all human. But not all humans are alike, we are not One in any sense. Loss is understandable as a theme, but told as a story it is not understood in its concrete representation unless it connects with us as persons. I understand what loss is about, but simply portraying it in a game does not make it interesting. I've killed plenty of people in games without feeling a thing. It has to do with how you build around this deeply human occurrence. How do people react to this loss, how do they accept it and why? That Dragon, Cancer portrayed a similarly dark and hurtful story, in a similarly fragmented manner, and that hit me a lot harder than this did. Perhaps the looming threat of cancer is heavier than a shining light with the sound of a car crash cut into it. Perhaps the idea of a parent losing their child is heavier. But really I think it all has to do with execution. With the little things, not in the mundane sense, but in the way they all add up to the experience of an atmosphere, of a tone. The music, for example, was underwhelming. It was subdued by the voices, by the excessive talking.And this felt like the crutch of the game. They had a whole lot of writing, but not enough game, or environment, to fill it with, so they let it take the lead. To me the writing did not warrant this treatment, however. Nothing was bad about it, really, but I did not think it accomplished much on its own. It was talking about the mundane in a mundane manner. It was the voice of everyday people, saying everyday things, in the presence of the everyday death. With everyday acceptance, with everyday sadness, with everyday item-association coupled with the lost one triggering breakdown.Why are people afraid to condemn death? Why do we have to be okay with what life is? Why should we be happy that we once got to know somebody that is no longer here? Why should a fragmented memory be a happy trace from a former existence, and not absolute torture, a taunting gesture? History is virtual, it is mere memory, it is a trace of warped anteriority, it does not retain its vividness nor its Whole, it does not retain its ability to interrogate, to know, to truly experience. It is gray. It is a diminution of power, it is death-oblivion. The only proper response is fear. But we accept with the mindset of progress so that we can move on, so that we can live our lives with neither hitch nor hindrance. None of our duties are existential, and it is perhaps a mistake to think that it ever should take priority. But at least in our supposed art, can we not express something beyond the everyday necessities? Or do we have to autistically turn in on ourselves and posit our inability to reach profundity as the epitome of the profound? Do we have to accept death? Anything in the name of functionality, yes!This game is lacking indulgence, true indulgence. Extreme sadness, weeping and screaming in absolute panic, it lacks frustration; it lacks anger and an assault at the mundane, it lacks radicalism. It lacks color, it lacks composition and direction. Being true to humanity is not really an excuse for lack of beauty, the world is not without its texture, without its structural beauty, without its vibrant colors and warmth. The world is not expressionless, and it definitely have eyes. People are fleshed out, even strangers communicate with a certain depth as to who they might be, want to be or not to be. Fragments of Him is withholding information, among many things, and it is difficult to truly feel satisfied with my experience with this game.At the same time I do not think the experience was worthless by any means. I value this game in some sense in what it was trying to do. I am seeing more and more games pop up that try this sort of thing, all with their own novelty and problems, but they are moving games into a direction that I think can be very special. I'd like to see some more gameplay elements, I'd like to see more than pointing and clicking that only serve to mess with the pace of the game. I'd like to see more care put into details, into fully fleshing out the important aspects of the game, such as the characters and their expressions, the writing, the music and the aesthetics that make up the atmosphere of the game. Because that is what will be remembered more so than each sentence, or the items you click on to progress; it is the entirety of the game which is remembered. Unless the game is well crafted in its entirety, it will be remembered for its fragmented, partial, positives removed from their whole, from their world, and will surely face oblivion faster than may have been hoped. Amovable positives do not last, only the actual subsist with perceived immutability. With people, as with detached positive traits, death-oblivion will infinitely encapsulate eventually, forever looming, taunting and gesticulating the actual with virtual presence. Acceptance of this fact is through your own volition.I think without cynicism, without expectation and without monetary limitations you can enjoy this experience for what it is. It has momentary beauty visually, hints at it sonically and has almost interesting things going on with its writing. The writing, however, or the theme of the game, is not something I can determine whether or not it will connect with other people. In terms of what it tries to be, known by what it claims to be, it succeeds. But does it try very hard? Is this game ambitious? That is also relative to ability, which is not something I can comment on. Basically, it is what it is, I am who I am, and in this case the parts did not mix very well, albeit not terribly. But I could not assume this to be true of anyone but myself, neither can I claim that it couldn't be true for anyone but myself. In the end I am just confessing to the pointlessness of my writing of this review. Fantastic."
76561198044013713,Recommended,428540,23098873,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,No No Spot,"A simple game with a simple message; We are gone in an instant sometimes, and we will never know, never understand, never comprehend the intense grief we will leave behind. Everyone handles it differently, feels it differently, reacts differently. But, even if we feel nobody will remember us, nobody will care if we're gone, people will care and notice and remember. And we will be missed by the people we have loved in our life."
76561198303031682,Recommended,428540,22895477,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Scotspine5,"I enjoyed playing this game and found it very thought provoking.  Although it is sad it is also uplifting being very much about people of today, from the instability of teenagers through to the ingrained prejudice of the old. It really made me think that without acceptance of the changes in life, we could all miss out on the love and support of friends and family.This is a moving story, beautifully written and produced.  I look forward to seeing what they produce in the future."
,Recommended,428540,24354178,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,alison,"Fragments of Him was tough to get through for me. It is a tremendous game, but it's no spoiler to tell you it's a serious tear-jerker. I imagine the story would resonate with anyone, since these are pretty essential human experiences, but there were a few things that hit very close to home for me - losing a friend suddenly and too young, never having the chance to tell your family what is really going in your life, struggling through relationships filled with fire and heartbreak when you're too young to really understand it all. The story of Will touches on all this, through the medium of a walking sim. There isn't much interactivity, even for the genre, but the environments are rendered beautifully, and by the nature of the setup it never feels like you are trapped - you just play an angel bobbing about in the memories of the characters. If you are into walking sims or enjoy games that portray honest drama, this one is for you. It's really a moving experience."
76561198058577335,Not Recommended,428540,34362412,Posted: 19 August,all,spyviolette,"It's hard to pin down exactly what this game aimed to do and who its intended audience is. Yes, it made me feel emotional, and honestly when I finished it I walked away from the experience feeling sad and appreciating the game. I really wanted to like it because it was about a gay relationship, which is so rarely seen in any form of media. But the more I think about it, the more obvious flaws I see. Fragments of Him isn't actually about Will and Harry. It isn't even about its protagonist Will, whose defining characteristic is his sexuality. This game centers around the tragic death of a queer character--a tired trope which we in the LGBTQ community have seen far too many times.Most of the game is spent in the shoes of the straight people in Will's life: his homophobic grandmother and his supportive ex-girlfriend. In fact, by the end of the game we know more about Will and Sarah's relationship than we do about Will and Harry. Harry's perspective is entirely focused on him coping with the loss of Will, which would be fine if this wasn't a story all of us have heard a thousand times. We know next to nothing about their life together. If the writers had truly wanted to do something novel, they could have at least given the gay relationship more development, or even a happy ending. By all means, game developers should tell stories about queer characters, but they must try to do better. Games like Gone Home prove that it can be done well.So who is Fragments of Him intended for? Well, certainly not LGBTQ players. We're meant to feel more sympathy for Will's homophobic grandma than Will or Harry. Yes, it's a game about loss. It's a game that made me feel sad. So to that end it achieved its goals,, but the underlying messages behind this game's tropes and design is rather upsetting. I believe the developers of Fragments of Him had good intentions in the same way Will's grandmother did, but we owe it to ourselves to hold queer representation to a higher standard than that."
,Recommended,428540,25920563,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,☭oath2order☭,I thoroughly enjoyed this game.The art was simple yet looked very detailed. You can clearly tell a lot of work was put into it
,Recommended,428540,22860330,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,"Overall rating:9/10Description:You play through the memories of a recently deceased young man, nariated by him and his loved ones as they try to make sense of the tragityExpected completion time:aproximatly 1.5 - 2 hoursFor those who like:The Beginers Guide, Gone HomeWhat I liked?:- It tackles an area that doesn't get enough attention and explores it in a very respectful way- The voice acting was spot on- I don't cry very often but this game had me sobbing, not just tearing up but legitimately crying my eyes out. any game that can make me do that gets credit in my books- You can move around using the WASD keys or just the mouse, which came in handy when I started to need my other hands to wipe away the tears as I was playing- The characters were relatable, even when you disagreed with them you could still understand their behaviourWhat I didn’t like?:- The main clicking mechanic, although well done, did get a little tedious at times- The game was just the right length, but a little short considering the costReplayability?:NoneValue for money?:The price is a little steep, personally i would price this game between $5-$10. However all things considered i will NOT be asking for a refundEnding?:SatisfyingThings of note:Perfect for anyone who has ever had to deal with the loss of a loved one"
76561198122114809,Recommended,428540,23309900,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Willie Jk,"An Intreguing Look Into The Process Of GriefFragments of Him offers an interesting insight into the universal experience of losing a loved one. When a young man suddenly dies, the three people closest to him share their memories of his life, and describe the process by which they have come to terms with his death. The player explores the different memories of the three people, discovering the regret and anger which surrounds their sudden berevement, but also the happiness they share of a cherished life.This is where Fragments of Him excells; it manages to capture a piece of truly human drama, and the voice acting is superb in conveying the different ranges and levels of emotions which envelop grief. It may not be for everyone, it is indeed a slowly-paced narrative experience with little focus on gameplay, but it is nevertheless a powerful dramatic experience akin to a stage play. The art style as well is also fantastic in underpinning its central theme: this is an experience which we will all inevitabely take.Overall, Fragments of Him is an fantastically engaging piece of human drama which held me for its admitidly short running time. However, for the price, it was two and a half hours well spent, and I would recommend it for gamers out there who love narrative-focused adventures."
76561198302661509,Recommended,428540,25704343,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,bramblewood56,Well written. Sad. Wonderful.
76561198302710355,Recommended,428540,22789732,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,GroovyGadget,"A beautiful game about coping with the loss of a loved one. It's emotional, meaningful and profoundly tragic with characters seeming so real that they can pull you into the story and make you feel like you're a part of their lives. If you're interested in playing a calm, relaxing game with a deep, thought-provoking message that truly reflects humanity and reality, then I highly recommend ""Fragments of Him""."
76561198136462355,Not Recommended,428540,22832348,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Bubbarelli,"Click on the turkey to recieve your next piece of dialogue, please.Now click on the chair. No, not that chair, the other one. We'll get to that chair soon enough.A hidden object narrative dispenser, where the hidden objects glow until you click on them. Then more words are said.It could have been a moving experience, but the repetitive, pointless interaction makes the player a mere spectator to the characters' story."
,Not Recommended,428540,27456587,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bodomi,"This review contains story spoilers.I really wanted to enjoy this game, I wanted to get emotional, I wanted to have the game end with me crying.That didn't happen.The story is good in most aspects, more details later, but it just wasn't told in a way that really dragged me in and got me emotionally tied.I felt like an outsider, a 3rd wheel watching the events on the outskirts, which is quite literally what you are in the game.As a result the story didn't get me fully emotionally invested.The gameplay mechanics are quite simple, you play as a 3rd person watching over the events that take place and you click on outlined objects around you to progress the story.Some may view this game more as an interactive movie, or a visual novel than a game.The voice acting is absolutely fenomenal.Soundtrack is a bit repetitive, but the songs are still nice.The story is quite simple, you go through some parts of the main characters life, Will, a little bit of his childhood, a little bit of his teenage years and a little bit of his ~20s, until his untimely death takes place.But the writing, the story, was not what I expected it to be.Graphics are nothing to brag about.The worst part of the game is when you play as the classic old-fashioned(I.E racist, homophobic, anti-liberal) old person, in this case Wills grandmother.-I have to ask, why do ALL stories with a gay man in them have to have a homophobic old person?-She is homophobic, which plays a huge role as Will, the main character, is gay.You play through her boring part of the story, and at the end she sees Will kiss a guy. She is, of course(-.-), appalled and runs away as if he just murdered half the city.She goes on a rant about how she ""tried to protect him from this, how she raised him to be the opposite of this and to not be liberal and that he is endangering himself"" and bla bla bla, as if she literally instructed him, lectured him to not be gay and that being gay is bad and all that stuff.This is what left a terrible taste in my mouth throughout the rest of the game, and sadly I couldn't get myself to like the game again after that.The rest of the story is good in my opinion but I couldn't forget that part of the game.I can clearly tell a lot of work and talent was put into this game.Not only because of the story I explained above, but many other small things.Such as no option to turn of the subtitles, which take up like 20% of the screen because when someone talks the top and bottom screen gets a gray border with subtitles which you can't turn off.Some graphical bugs which the developer(s) has had more than enough time at this point to flesh out.Very repetitive voice acting/gameplay.Especially as you play the opening scene of the game twice, once when the game starts and once when the game ends.And scattered throughout the game the characters keep on talking about the same things.Will keeps on talking about the wonders of patterns in our life, the grandmother keeps on talking about how she always tried to protect him from the evils that are homosexuality and liberalism, the ex-girlfriend keeps on talking about the concept of love.It gets boring.It sadness me to give this game a bad review, but I can't say I enjoyed 100% of my time playing the game. I enjoyed 70% of it but had a bad taste in my mouth through the entire game, and the game never, as I said before, really tied me into the story."
76561198085496288,Recommended,428540,28251847,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Deceased ANT ♪  #FightCancer,"Reminds mme of the  game play style of ""That, Dragon Cancer"".But it didn't move me as much haha.7.5\10"
,Recommended,428540,22783089,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Detoxx,"A very captivating game which pulls you right into the story.If you are looking for a game like Dear Esther, in which the game is all about the story, than you are at the right adres with Fragments of Him. It has a powerfull story which most people can relate to. If you don't like story driven games than this isn't your game.I read in the discussions about this game that people had second thoughts about the graphics style. In my opinion this style strengthens the storyline of the game which increases the gamers experience."
76561197972436174,Recommended,428540,31595713,Posted: 6 May,all,Heather Kettle games,Well written. Sad. Wonderful
,Recommended,428540,22787273,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Crowbeak,"This game was first conceptualized for the game jam called Ludum Dare. That initial 3-day prototype was my favorite game out of that particular instance of the 3-times-yearly event. I'm glad to say that this expanded version lives up to the promise shown in that proof of concept.People who don't believe first-person walkers qualify as games and don't want anything to do with them won't like this. However, for those of us who enjoy such games, this is a wonderful addition to the growing body of such games. The graphic and scene design choices do a great job of reinforcing the feel of people taking a trip back through memory lane.The game is about two hours long and has a great usability design choice -- holding down the left mouse button moves the player forward, leaving the other hand free to hold a tissue to your face in case stories can make you cry."
76561198142866793,Not Recommended,428540,35218038,Posted: 26 September,all,xXblueray95Xx,this game is way too gay (i am not homophbiac but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is over)
,Recommended,428540,22784136,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Martini,"The game is heavily story-driven and slow-paced. It allows the story to get across without a rush, which is good for the type of story. All the emotions can be felt and the great voice acting and soundtracks add a great value to the experience.Made me think back to Dear Esther."
,Not Recommended,428540,24233531,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,hoserama99,"I wanted to like this game, but the execution fell really flat for me. The story is incredibly dull in the early going - the parts where you hear the grandmother talk seem to last forever, as does the bit with the ex-girlfriend Sarah. The dialog is also fairly repetitive in that a lot of the key points and themes are repeately voiced. Yes, the grandmother hates those damn liberals, and her son's wife is - gasp - American, who, according to the grandmother, blissfully keeps her mouth shut when her son is sharing his (gasp) liberal views. The horror.More than that, you end up replaying the initial scene after you complete the interaction with Sarah, and get to relive the tedium of commenting about elevator buttons, adjusting your car mirror, fastening your seat belt, etc. Only marginally interesting the first time, it was downright dull the second.The game picks up steam - emotionally, at least - when you finally get to Harry's take. Unfortunately, this is the shortest part, and it's nowhere near as thorough as the bits with the grandmother and ex-girlfriend, so it feels anti-climactic.As far as gameplay mechanics go, this is a walking simualtor in every sense of the word, and I'd go farther and say there's not much walking - it's more of a clicking-on-things-to-get-more-dialog simulator. It's much more in the vein of a visual novel than anything else.I appreciate what they were going for here, but the dullness of the presentation and the repetitiveness sapped most of the impact for me."
76561198020085437,Recommended,428540,22779038,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nokzen,"This game is a very story driven game, if you dont enjoy the casual story telling kinda gameplay this isent for you, but if you are looking for a casual adventure game this could be for you.Heres a quick look at the early Gameplay, so you can see what it is about.https://youtu.be/S4zOLToQXwU"
76561198108074063,Not Recommended,428540,24361531,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,peterb7771,"This is not a game.  It is a movie that you watch, you simply click on things on the screen to progress the movie.  Don't waste your time or money.  There is zero ""gameplay""."
76561198286639031,Recommended,428540,27755534,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Everlast,"This game hit me right in the feels. Absolutely worth every penny. The graphics are wonderful, the characters are well-rounded, and the storyline will make you cry in happiness, desperation, and heart break. 10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,428540,34571228,Posted: 29 August,all,MawkishTREX～しるひろ君～,"I had a hauntingly beautiful, if not flawless, journey during my two hours with this game. The story does fall flat compared to many other visual novels or narrative-driven games out there and I do wish the characters could've been more fleshed out and maybe more complex, but still there's so much heart and nuances in it to make up for it. I enjoyed most of the game except the loading scenes towards the end, which kind of distroy the flow of the storytelling and the great momentum built towards those emotional scenes.I don't think this is a game where the developers are rehearsing or exploiting the LGTBQ+ character dying trope. True, this is a story about the death of a bisexual man and its effect on people who love him, but it isn't the LGBT part that warrants the validity of the story. What shines through this game is the love where one breaks up with another because someone suits that person better, the love where the grandmother is able to see through the masks of her granson's personas the real person that he is, and the love where a part of his better half still stays with him long after his unfortunate decease. None of this is necessiated by the protagonist's sexuality, and by claiming this is a ""trope,"" it's as if you are saying that the LGBTQ+ community doesn't deserve or is not fit for the human emotions we are all entitled to.Kudos to the devs for this amazing journey that will stay with me and my fellow gamers for a long, long time."
76561198048823482,Recommended,428540,34915561,Posted: 13 September,all,gemma.neeleman,"For me it's not all about the people in the game. It's about realising something is over and accepting that. The game has the purpose to accept a loss of a friend/lover/family member, however sometimes something happens which makes you almost feel as if you have lost someone, even though this person didn't pass away. I think this is a good game to make you think over everything you have been through and how you have dealt with it."
