user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,428690,29660085,Posted: 2 February,all,Zexxi Bish,"I do not normally write reviews for games, but I have enjoyed this game on and off, was trying to wait for the other 2 channels that they promised and I was actually really excited for them, but now they are acting like it never existed and ""fully released"" the game. I highly do not recommend this game, due to the company's shady ways of promising us and not delivering.Update 1: Since the devs have spoken out about the continuation of the other channels, I am glad that they will continue along with them, but as of this update I still can not reccommend this game until they implent several bug fixes and the rest of the game that they have promised us. I understand that they may need the money to continue with their plans, but do not agree with them ""fully realeasing"" the game. Will recommend in future if everything goes well for them and they can put in the features."
,Not Recommended,428690,23363140,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sheryl,"The Time runs to fast. As long it isn't changed in any way, i wont recommend it.Why? Because 1 Game hours is 3 Seconds long. You waste a whole Day if you dare to take 1 Minute to think about your next Step.Edit for the smartasses:If you can't read a Quest, doing a Mission, some Shopping and everything else without Time running like crazy, it gets frustrading.The Game doesnt Pause at anything. E.g. if you read the Missiontext for 20 Seconds, you wasted around 7 HOURS. You eat for 2 HOURS. Depending on how Big your House is, it takes you HOURS to go from the Room where you Playstation is, to your Computer.Sorry, but wtf."
76561198258227668,Not Recommended,428690,32304076,Posted: 9 June,all,Duskyt,"You've probably seen this game on lots of youtube channels months ago. And that is why I bought this game Youtubers Life. For being a ""become a youtuber simulator"" by far its the best of its kind. The graphics are meh, not mind blowing. The sounds and mostly straight up weird, from the annoying humming to funky background music. The gameplay is the make or break aspect of this game. Unfortunately this game suffers from a lack of content, and repetitive gameplay. Most of the time I found myself eating, sleeping, making videos, to maintain a positive cash flow. Nothing really stood out in this game, and I never really found myself having fun.If you really like simulation games that are repetitive then buy the game, but if not then don't waste your money."
,Recommended,428690,23284647,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,"Ironically, a game called Youtuber's Life made me realise that youtubers don't have lives."
,Not Recommended,428690,29658009,Posted: 2 February,all,Shutup868,"This is my review originally posted in Early Access, the first update was after the second channel was added, the second update was after ""full release"".It's a fun timekiller, though it can get a little boring after a while. If you liked Game Dev Tycoon, you'll enjoy this as the two games share a lot in common.It's rather silly, but it's by no means bad. There's a lot to manage: training your skills, uploading frequently but not excessively, making sure your videos are actually good, ordering collaborators around, and dealing with offers from companies and networks.Unfortunately, the game doesn't seem all that hard, I caught on pretty fast and didn't find myself struggling at all. Perhaps a higher difficulty setting could be added for more of a challenge, changing the scale of views, subscribers, and revenue to the actual content of the videos you put out.Once you ""complete"" the game there's really nothing left to do but start over, but unfortunately it pretty much plays the same way and there's no real diversity between campaigns like Game Dev Tycoon offers. You could keep going, but it gets really tedious to manage yourself and four other collaborators doing videos ad infinitum, along with appeasing your network and keeping current on games. A better end-game would be nice.Currently, the game only has one channel available out of five in total, apparently a second channel is coming out soon (Late September/Early October?). I can only imagine the different channels would vary quite a bit in gameplay, but if they end up being too similar I may have to change my review to Not Recommended.As it stands, it's fun, but I just hope the developers don't promise more than they can actually deliver. There are quite a few problems I have with it right now, the lack of a pause button and deliveries arriving one at a time being two examples. There's clearly still a lot of work to be done, but it's Early Access so that's to be expected. The price is too steep for the amount of content currently in the game, but once more content is added (assuming the developers don't blow it) or the game goes on sale, then the game is worth a purchase.UPDATE 1: The second channel is out now, the music channel. From what I've played so far, it does spice up the gameplay quite a bit. The main part of making a video is still mostly the same, just selecting cards and matching cards appropriately to get bonuses, however more depth is added with having to select which instrument to use with which song and what kind of genre to sing. Further in, you get live shows and concerts which include a sort of DDR-style minigame, not the most creative, but it's still nice. Something like this added to the gaming channel would be a good addition, perhaps special livestream events for example.So far, the game is going strong with this second channel added, I look forward to see what the third channel will add.UPDATE 2: Apparently, the devs decided to fully release the game even though it isn't finished (Only 3 of 5 promised channel types) and to further salt the wound they jacked up the price to almost double the original cost. This was such a terrible move that I have to change my review to Not Recommended until they at least finish the game. This game is not worth $25 USD in its current state."
76561198271873666,Recommended,428690,23155696,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BrokenDownFish,called my self killermemestar and called all my videos clickbait cancerLETS GET RIGHT INTO THE NOOSE10/10
,Not Recommended,428690,29780976,Posted: 8 February,all,CampMePlease,Total Scam. Full of bugs and glitches. Developers don't listen to your feedback. Avoid please.
76561198269163772,Not Recommended,428690,29783978,Posted: 8 February,all,emily_ghose,"I am finally writing this review as the 'Full Release' has finally been released. It is a fun game, with a great idea. It's like a sims game where you have very specific goals and it just feels as though there is more to the game despite the lack of free world etc. I have never been so excited for a game like this, as I LOVE simulation and management type games!However there are countless problems that simply make the game unplayable, including glitches and bugs that are not only frustrating but can mess up your advertisment deal which really messes up your channel. None of these things from early access have been fixed and many promises about new types of channels you can run (gaming, cooking etc) didn't come true.I will honestly never buy from this developer again, and it's a shame becacuse this was such an exciting and fun game for the first couple of hours before the ingame mechanics start to block your gameplay."
,Not Recommended,428690,29663156,Posted: 2 February,all,[Walrus] BLOODYRAIN10001,"The game is fun, but it gets repetitive. This in itself wouldn't be much of an issue, but the game developers decided to pretend that two out of the five planned channel types never existed and release the game in full despite it lacking large amounts of planned content. In addition, the price was increased with no real content even added with this update. I would not recommend this game for over $10, and with how the developers treated it I wouldn't suggest buying it even then."
,Recommended,428690,23129885,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Spark,"I like this game it gives me the feeling that people actully like me, unlike in real life."
76561198063637980,Not Recommended,428690,29668495,Posted: 3 February,all,Hero,"I can't recommend this at this moment for one reason.They launched the game without adding the content we was promise.We were promised Gaming Channel, music, cooking, fashion, lifestyle.They decided to launch the game without giving us the last two."
,Not Recommended,428690,29707181,Posted: 4 February,all,Unicornly,"This is not a finished game. You only have to get to mid-game, let alone late-game, before the bugs start appearing. The events are so dull that I can hardly stand to sit through them, especially the 'game release' events. Making videos is repetitive and buggy. My main character doesn't level as fast as my employee, so there's no point me even making videos myself anymore. Progress is slow but the days go by too fast to do everything. You have to pick one thing and stick to it: either make videos of games that are popular, or keep making videos of the same game over and over if you want to do walkthroughs or speedruns, and get no views and not enough money to live on (maybe it's trying too hard to be realistic?). There is no time to chat to friends or have a job if you want to be able to pay your bills. You can still only use your PC for one thing at a time - you sometimes can't chat to friends on alternative workstations, even once you have multiple ones.The creators have tried to extend the length of gameplay but have only succeeded in making it more dull. They took it off early release because they were too lazy to finish it. There are so many features that could be expanded and made more fun and intuitive. But with the game now 'fully released', I doubt there are any major updates on the horizon.I enjoyed this game for the first two hours. Now it's not so much of a game, as a sentence in purgatory. I really want that space mansion, though - so, alas, I keep playing."
76561198121294104,Not Recommended,428690,32842310,Posted: 26 June,all,succulent,"This game is interesting for your first 6 hours in the game. Then, the game becomes extremely repetitive.This game is horrible for the price of $25. It was $10 when I bought it with no sale and it wasn't even worth that. They increased the price of the game by $15 dollars just because of some updates. I don't know about you but I've never seen that drastic of a price change happen before.There is a system where you must make videos by selecting cards to perform an action during the video. After that you need to edit it. it matters which clips you put in what order because that could change the quality of the video. There are some sounds you'd expect to find in a porn video when deciding what equipment to use. You gain money, feedback, and experience from the video. The feedback is crap, you only get 5 comments. The money you get doesn't even pay a fourth of the bills, and the experience won't do too much for you other than give you perks.Eventually, it gets repetitive. Sleep, Eat, Make Videos, Work, Buy Stuff (maybe), Repeat. I stopped playing this because it was just this over and over and I slowly realized that this is a waste of my time and money. Over time you dont just lose one subscriber a day, you lose like 2% of your subscribers when you don't upload. To marry a girl in this game it's simple. Talk to her a couple of times, kiss her a couple of times, then boom, married the next day. If you don't spend time with some friends it lowers your reputation with them and they leave you when you reject to hang out with them once.This is not a Youtuber's Life at all. It is so far off from being a REAL Youtuber's Life! This is a waste of your time and money. Buy this game if you wish, but keep in mind that there are so many better games out there than this that you will get more hours of enjoyable gameplay for about the same price you would pay for this heap of sh!t."
76561197964478612,Not Recommended,428690,23376964,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,bjclang,"Game gets boring after a while. The ui is clunky. There are no really tough choices to make. This not a good management/tycoon game, the concept was a good idea but executed poorly. This is the youtubersbait of the week."
,Recommended,428690,32230618,Posted: 6 June,all,sonic41503,"I played this, I liked it, but it needs more channel types, you only get three even though other npc's get more like fashion, and lifestyle, if they are not going to add more channel types dont mock us with othere npc's channelsAlso, Would be better if it was cheaper"
,Not Recommended,428690,29703342,Posted: 4 February,all,Daedalos,"The game is actually enjoyable but HIGHLY repetitive. The social aspect feels like a useless and stupidified version of the Sims and I could do w/o it. The actual gameplay starts out quite fun but after you get the hang of it, it becomes a chore of eat, sleep, do videotype A, eat, sleep, B, eat, sleep, C, buy new game/create new recipe/etc. start over.If you're looking for a timesink w/o much thinking required: go for it; if you're looking for a game that is more then most mobile games: don't."
,Not Recommended,428690,23327460,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Doomeetrue,"(written for version 0.7.7)A nice mix between The Sims and Game Dev Tycoon.First hour of the game is interesting while you learn the tricks. However it gets boring incredibly fast and the rewards get stale.Some issues:1. I hired my first collaborator (~700$ / month). Got him to make one video and after that I wasn\'t able to get him working. Made him learn a short 1-day course - he got stuck for ~2 weeks reading the book. Couldn\'t cancel it. Still had to pay his salary. Had to fire him = he got really mad.2. Time ticks very quickly. At first this is not a problem.At later stages into the game, when each video has 8+ events, it can take almost a full day just to pick the proper cards, then half a day for edit and upload.3. The more you progress, the more difficult it is to use the UI. The map is larger, you can\'t easily switch from level 1 to level 2 of the apartment, lots and lots of wasted time.Overall I\'m OK with the game and what it does, it is just not for me.I don\'t see any replay value in it at all.Cannot recommend it."
76561198026801404,Recommended,428690,23090395,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,=Skleebz=,"I've been playing this game for 2 hours, and I already have 33 times the amount of subscribers I have on a youtube channel I was running for 4 years10/10In all seriousness though, this is a decent game. If you're into games like the Sims and Game Dev Tycoon then you'll like this. You are a youtuber and it is your goal to be the #1 youtuber. You'll move up through the ranks, move into bigger and bigger houses, hire collaborators to boost your subscriber base. In making videos, you click on types of cards and edit them in as puzzle pieces to make a video.Now what about the Sims part? Well, it's somewhat simplistic, but there are ranks to relationships, normal, acquaintance, friend, dating, relationship, engaged, married. To increase relationship, you basically just chat on your computer. you can hire friends as collaborators, and getting married is really just an achievement.There is also a level system, a variety of clothing choices, and you can also upgrade your computers until they are the best of the best.This game is in Early Access and has some bugs that ♥♥♥♥ you. For example, a bug prevented me from getting married in the game, what a♥♥♥♥♥♥blocker. There also isn't really 15 hours of gameplay to match the price. I've played the game for 10 hours and honestly there really isn't anything else to do except get married, which I can't do.However, this  is a fun game, and I still recommend it."
,Not Recommended,428690,23495907,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[Arty] Legacy™,"Not the worst choice in terms of an early access game, like many other individuals mentioned. If small changes are implemented to the overall mechanics, the game would do quite well in my opinion.Pros:- Quirky fun, casual simulation.- Mechanics are... Interesting. Somewhat difficult to realize what to do for the first 10 minutes, then it becomes blatantly simplistic.- Sims style customization and graphics.- Despite the awkward flow of time in the game, it is quite easy to progress through the housing spaces and tech upgrades.Cons:- Time flows way too quickly, reaching later stages yield less time to produce videos when going solo.- This makes it difficult to efficiently manage the time window in which you have to plan things.- What I mean by solo is producing videos alone, without the help of in-game collaborators.- Keeping relations with AI ""friends"" is a chore. Such is why collaborators are kind of a pain.Overall:If the time flow is slowed down or we're given a ""pause"" like the actual Sims games do, it'd help immensly with planning. Also allowing for more than 3 actions in the action queue would be beneficial to management. One more note, friendships with AI = No. Unless something changes, it takes up too much time in the already crowded schedule of your character to entertain their needs (specifically in later stages of the game).Reminder that it is early access and I might just be bad at this game. ;P/endrant"
,Not Recommended,428690,31450932,Posted: 29 April,all,boiling water,"""full release""wait, what happened to like, the other 10 channel options?(actual review: game is very repetitive. sure, it's fun at first, but it gets boring fast)"
,Recommended,428690,23423429,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Knucklehead254,"Made a video called ""React World Announcement"" and lost 100,000 subscribers in 1 day.100000/10 Best Fine Bros Simulator out there"
,Not Recommended,428690,23358298,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Eshi Eshi,"I'll be honest here and say I can have some of things to complain about, and say I don't like the game much either. Yet of course the game is still being refined, and I still seem to find myself playing this game. I think what I like about this game is that it reminds me alot about the Sims in a way. You take care of your little person, and you get the person friends / enemies / lovers.One thing that can be problematic is the time goes by way too quick! And the damn subscribers are too needy, if I don't have atleast one or two videos up per day they start unsubscribing in MASSES! Yet to even that out per video you will also bring in MASSES of subscribers too. I also find the more I make videos and level the more cards / light bulbs / slides-per-video I get, which can start being troubling considering I can't edit for the life of me and I can rarely ever get to the end of recording a video without running out of light bulbs.I do find this game having a ton of potential, and am super excited to see the other options of channels once they come out! I think the idea of this is really interesting too, as Youtube is a rather big thing now and this is appealing to alot of people who might find themselves watching Youtube after long days of works, when favourite channels update, or even for help on things. I think this idea could be played out better though, like giving us more flexibility in cards to use in videos and making everything not so time consuming. I would love to see the time slowed down or even us be able to control the speed of the game (a pause button would be lovely).I'm not sure I can say I fully recommend this game yet, although I do play it I can start to feel it becoming rather repetitive and the time thing is really getting to me. I feel like I eat, sleep, make videos, and go to events without having much time to do other stuff like go to the parties and movies with my friends.  Personally I don't mind repetitive things, they make me feel very orderly, but if I can't go have a variety in a game atleast once in awhile then it starts to feel like I'm just grinding the game and not get a new and exciting experience everytime."
76561198045147690,Not Recommended,428690,29792248,Posted: 8 February,all,[ONS]Emanouche,"Has a bit of an addictive nature, but the game really has not that much to offer. It's kind of like the sims, as you put in pointless hours and realize that you've accomplished nothing, (or run accross a game breaking bug) except the sims is a lot of fun... this game is not however. I've mentioned repeatedly on the forums that this game needs optimization on their music minigame as it lags and is near impossible to play, they answered back saying that my rig was not powerful enough while I was playing a game of Xcom2 on said rig! Each career mode is just a different palete of the same game mode, when you've seen one, you've seen them all.  I might have recommended at 10$, maybe 15$ (The price I got it at), but since the devs have the nerves to push this piece of buggy crap out of early access at 25$, and might I say, I have played many games way better than this sack of crock for half the price at full price, I'm giving this game a giant middle finger/10."
,Not Recommended,428690,30186261,Posted: 25 February,all,Aaron Wroggers,"I was so excited to finally get my hands on this game and wow was I having such a great first 2 hours. It was so much fun until you realize how everything is just repeating itself.1. Make video2. Eat3. Sleep4. Go To Movies5. New Home6. RepeatThere is nothing more to this game. Sound is horrible, making videos was never even fun to begin with, and none of the other choices for video making change anything about the game other than live performances. Horrible game and ends very quickly."
76561198119763236,Recommended,428690,23428956,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GiblyGibbles,"I highly reomend this game, however there are some features that i dont like...1. Your pc breaks much too often.2. Too many invitations to events and partys.3. You loose friends.4.Time goes way too fast! (I really dont like this and highly recomend slowing the time down by 3-4x)Also i really like how this game is like the sims or a youtube tycoon simulator game, and i think that was a great idea.So again this is a great game and even though it has some things that need to be fixed i highly recomend it.This has amazing potential!(And yes i know this is an early access game)"
,Not Recommended,428690,26607602,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Thredith,"I don't like to give games a thumbs-down, but I'll make an exception with this one.First of all, I bought it because the concept is interesting. The character customization, the sim-esque playing mechanics, the chance of recording and editing your videos to get fans and views for your channel... I mean, what can possibly go wrong? Well, there's precisely one thing and it is: it's quite monotonous, and after a few hours you'll get bored. I thought I might have judged the game harshly at first, and I was quite glad there had been an update (the music channel update!). But, no. I installed the update, I launched the game and started a new channel with a new character... and that was it! Despite offering new content, the mechanics were the EXACT SAME as those of the videogame channel. I tried liking it, I seriously did, but there was nothing exciting about it. After 7 hours (almost 8) of accumulated gameplay, the game had lost its charm, and the brand new update offered nothing new :(If you plan on playing this casually, a little bit every now and then, sure! Go ahead and buy it. You'll get just enough fun out of it, and everything will be nice and new. However, if you plan on playing this for its content during extended periods of time, you may find it monotonous after a few hours.So, if you want to avoid any tedious surprises, I recommend you to watch a few gameplays on YouTube first. If you get bored while watching gameplays by other players, chances are you'll get bored too while playing it. I'll wait for any new updates. I really want to try the cooking channel. Hopefully they'll release it someday, and make things more dynamic. If not, well... I'll keep it in my library. It may turn out fun once again in a couple of months, once I've forgotten the dull mechanics."
,Not Recommended,428690,29737271,Posted: 6 February,all,Afonso Zhu,"I requested a refund after 20 minutes of playing.The reason being:The game is WELL overpriced. £19.99 for a game that is worth £5. As compared to many other games on steam. The last game I purchased before this one was planet coaster, that costs £29.99, only 50% more, and it's 1000% better in every aspect of the game.Bottom line is, you can't charge £20 when you only have an average game, you're a small company, so be humble, don't try to act like you are the creator of the new ""the sims"" or something."
,Not Recommended,428690,29736389,Posted: 5 February,all,Xiupan,Seems the devs released the game pre-maturely. Still has no pause button and still has craptons of bugs. Guess they just wanted to just say ♥♥♥♥ it and abandon the game.
,Not Recommended,428690,24828673,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,IG,"This game is actually a lot of fun! I expected it to be a weak ""Game Dev Tycoon"" clone, so imagine my suprise when I logged off after 13 hours still wanting more!  The idea is a solid one, the team seems to be executing it well, and I really appreciate the time and effort that has obviously gone into the title so far.That being said, the game is a bit hard to play at the moment between the lackluster tutorial and the many bugs present during the development phase. Currently you can only pick a ""Gaming"" Channel, but the devs say they will be working to add music in next. Elements of the game either do not work, or only work the first time after restarting.Overall I think there is something special brewing here, you are welcome to a taste if you must, but I recomend waiting till its finished.I will update this Review after the Development Cycle has ended."
76561198159043911,Not Recommended,428690,23445403,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,marlonwjones,Game is addicting for the first 4 hours then takes a very steep fall into repitition and gets really boring
,Not Recommended,428690,29654840,Posted: 2 February,all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"Played this game since its testing inception.Many things we enjoyed and did not enjoy, kept us playing for 40 hours of total time.Many things we did not enjoy, kept us on forced to play for more than 40 hours as we seeked fixes for major issues.Spent hours wasting time since prior saves were not compatiable, and discovering not only NOT fixed, but instead they covered the issue with new things that had nothing to do with the game sequence at all. Those new things, rediculous in a youtube game.Really... this was their attempt...  to cover a gamebreaking issue of unpredictable results in subscribers(Part of the Youtube game is getting subscribers... wait.... its all that works and is random), and money issues preventing advance no matter what youtube you do.They were told by testers, and asked to fix a BEFORE they go to B... but not one response and no one in programing got the memo.They proceeded on the perverbial cash munch and promise, and added work jobs for a you tube game! So work, have an hour to your tube which is what the game is freaking about.... that take half your day, and then a masked guy breaking into your house to break your computer when you finally save money to ruin your youtube that you can NEVER prevent. WTF!!! Not just frusterating but NOT ONE PERSON TESTING liked it not to mentioned COMPLETELY breaks the game!(**They lowered the vandal visits to only screw you, right before the game is unadvanceable due to code and programming issues so F it... read on... )So you can not progress because you can not fix a gamebreaking issue or explain your random subscribers and the  results of anything is sad to say the least. Again they were told over months.WTF does a masked guy have to do with youtubers... if someone broke into anyones home, that many times, either would be in jail or shot. Pathetic.Mind you... we were a fan, based on the concept promises.They just kept the rediculous developing just to syphon more sales on a game that completely failed its concept, and polluted and covered game breaking bugs with worthless ideas that make no sense to gameplay.What this game came down to is poor developers and money management in real life, and lazy work to cover/distract severe issues by adding misdirection, and done poorly at best.The game as it sits is...Reduntant, reptative, content that has nothing to do with youtube, and most of all... there is no freedom at all.You can do X or Y but still have to go to Z. Period.. and when you get to Z... the devs could not fix what was wrong, so they launched the other two crafts (Cooking and Music) to try again and failed on them as well to the same dead end.So their new theory about gameplay... start a music your tube... get stuck... go start a different youtube in cooking or gaming...  get stuck.... choose the last craft that is broken in the same area as well.... just to get to Z being the broken no end wtf do I do now, tard in a round room looking to pee in a corner!Then they added dancing and a movies bit, where you literally go on a date for no purpose. Waste money. Distraction and has NO point to the game. NOTHING to do with youtube or character advancement, becasue there is none.The cell phone management social aspect in the game to manage friends, while trying to build your you tube channel, is utterly sad. Do all that to create your own stuff for your channel, edit your channel, and study for school, is just too much to enjoy and relax the game.Too much and so confusing NO WONDER nothing ever was fixed or worked. They confused their own developers and it shows. They did not listen to the testers, and the community when they said why would you launch it like this. Why do you ask as we have?? One common assumptiona and a logical one at that..... out of money because there was no place to go with this concept anymore, and no way to fix how badly broken and redundant it is.The game had a great concept, but very polluted once you get going and hard to track a clear path. If you think what we shared is confusing, this is how bad it has become from inception.The game became a finanical burden of enjoyment since they did not want to rework problems that are present and not enjoyable.So instead they distract you with rediculous actions that you can never stop, work around or prevent. No choice again. Kept making users come back for updates that did nothing but added clothes and such for your character, which was useless becasue you can not play. Anything to keep money coming in so the game is not a complete loss to their investors, especially during the holidays recently, false claims of repairs, and you have to replay every time mind you, logging those hours, to get to areas you hoped were fixed to find there were not.The game will give you 40 hours runnign time, NOT PLAYING TIME, doing absolutely what we did. Getting to a dead end fast because it is broken. Started the game in music, get to the break point. Crap ok... start game channel, try again... nope broken too... get to the cooking channel... rediculous and broken and the worst of them all. Nothing else to do. 40 hours wasted. Done. If that is worth any amount of money, then just donate to us and we can give it to charity. It will be better served.This is time issued as ""Non Quality"" for trying to figure out why X doesnt go with Y and Y do I have to still do this or that because it does not have to do with X.Got sick of being frusterated, waiting for the darn slow FPS mid game, or waste an hour alone trying to place objects. Thus 40 hours.""Non Quality"" play time is 40 hours for most.""Quality"" being defined as ""playable and enjoyable gameplay"". Quality time - should of waited to ever buy the game, hours we will never get back. You owe us at least 35 hours of life back!We were a fan, we had been watching, testing, advising since its inception, and they failed everything! They were called out, told and begged time and again, and still nothing was done. Ignored.Guess once caught in lies, failing, and loosing everyone fast when you had an excited base, which was built on false promises... is to play dead and dumb and just hope money rolls in still.In addition the FPS is horrid deeper in game. Never fixed just forgotten.We have Intel I7 DDR3 12GB with GTX 750 so there is no excuse.If you buy this game, don''t expect to get a refund. You will have to spend the two hours just making your character and getting thru the tutorial which also hangs the game and serves NO purpose.Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Recommended,428690,23871062,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Disappointment Island,"I really enjoyed this game. I have 'beaten' the game and I am living in the space station as the #1 U-Tuber.ProsI think this game is worth buying. I really love the look of this game and the Sims/Tycoon feel.-There are lots of things to do in the game, and it stays fun until you finish the game.-I loved making my own videos and growing my YouTube empire.-The large variety of spin off game names was really interesting.-The look of the game-Easy controlsThere is lots of room for improvement in this game and I think it will be an amazing game after the early access stage.ConsI have a some problems with the game though.-Once your channel gets pretty big making money is extremely easy making the game pretty boring after that point.-Also, when it comes time to join the number one network, it never invites me to go to the vip game showcases, causing me to get banned from the network for a month. In addition, when the network gives me an offer, I make the video and upload it and get the required amount of views, and it doesn't register that I completed it, kicking me out of the network as well.-The time needs to be adjusted as well. Real time needs to go a bit slower. There needs to be some options similar to the Sims has where you can be in real time, and sped up time.-I would like to see some more unlockable channels you can start aswell (I know its coming) in the near  future.-Now that I have a ton of money ($0.5 mil) in game, I am buying a lot of things. When you buy items in bulk they should all come in one box, it got anoying opening boxes after boxes after boxes.-When your talking/chatting with people or taking a course it takes way too long. The game needs some fixing up, but it is early access.The game is definitely worth buying. I don't disagree with the $15 price tage but I think it should be lowered slightly until the game is fully realeased. This was one of my favoite games that I have bought on Steam so far."
76561198098552554,Recommended,428690,23089066,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Helios,"Here is a quick review from my 6 hour gameplay:PROS: +Pretty nice graphics+Addictive gameplay+Nice and quite simple video creation proccess where your choices matter+You do other stuff too (Like going on events,parties,cinema etc.) and not only create and upload videos.+Kinda challenging to earn money and fans especially at the beggining+Many options in character,room and pc customization+Good price for an early access game+Not so much boring as you'd expect from a Tycoon gameCONS: -Few bugs as expected of course but nothing too annoying for me-Some Spanish words here and there but won't make the game unplayable-Gameplay becomes a bit repetitive after a few hours-Lack of more detailed tutorial in order to become more familiar with the UICONCLUSION:I liked it and I'd definitely recommend it,especially to the fans of Tycoon games.I think the Devs made a good job so far and if they keep going this way it can be a very good Tycoon game.Show them some love and give this game a try."
,Not Recommended,428690,31857797,Posted: 20 May,all,CX Music,"Youtubers Life wants to be a good simulation for .. well .. YouTube. In it's early access it promised 10 different channel types, activities and so on. Sounds good doesn't it? Yes, the game is fun in the early stage - but it get's more and more repetitive if you keep on playing. Youtubers Life got no special elements for the gameplay. You'll do the same thing till the end. Graphics are okay but i would not say they're great. The controls are also nothing more than okay, at least not bad.Let me do a short overview:- Only 3/10 channel types are there (They promised 10, now the game is .. ""full"" released)- Just a barely amount of activities (Cinema, lame presentations, useless partys .. hrm..)- A weak relationship system (At least you can marry)- No variation in creating videos (You're doing the same thing, over and over)- The 3 channels are very similar in gameplay- Ugly homes (the last one is quiet ... bad in MY opinion) and no usefull customization- No interaction with fans- ... meh- SO many bugs are still there.The game had a GREAT potential. I mean it is fun for a few hours .. but than you'll get so bored. Sadly, i can't recommend it. Even after i had this game since Early Access ... the devs are doing nothing special to fix this game. If you still want to play it .. please watch some videos before you buy and consider if it's worth your money."
76561197960676848,Not Recommended,428690,29670539,Posted: 3 February,all,ANGRY WALNUT,dont get me wrong i really like this game but the reason that im gifing this thumb down is because the made promisis in early acces that never actualy happend sutc like a fasshion channel and a lifestyle channel so it was a really bad idea to rellease this game when its not completeCHECK OUT MY GROUP EAGLES MAFIA AND FOLLOW WE WILL CALL OUT MORE COMPANYS LIKE THIS WO BREAK THER PROMISIS
,Recommended,428690,23243410,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Vital,Made a video about Shroud - instant frontpage on reddit. 10/10 realistic
76561198089238020,Not Recommended,428690,34367175,Posted: 20 August,all,StormlightSedai,"So, Youtubers Life. It came out when Youtubers were/are a really popular thing, so it's understandable why people, including myself, were drawn to it while it was in early access. I enjoyed the gaming channel until... It got repetitive. Then the music channel came out and I was excited until I realized the gameplay mechanics were basically the same and the intstruments really did not match up with the music type. Then cooking came out, and.... It was repetitive.Do you see the pattern here?Pros:Fun in short bursts.Striving to reach your goals can be fun and challenging.Hiring people and managing rent is a difficult but fun task.Cons:Not something you can play for hours on end.Once you reach the end of the game, there's literally nothing else to do.Not being able to study at a house after a point is upsetting because it makes more sense to max out skills when you have others to do the managing and recording for you.They promised Fashion and Lifestyle as part of the base game, did not deliver, said it will be DLC. Still yet to announce anything.As they updated more stuff, it became INCREDIBLY easy to miss things that could help you out, such as demos and product releases, etc.In conclusion:Get it while it's on sale. It's a fun game, again, in short bursts, but part of me does regret spending money on this.If it's on sale for less than $10, get it.If it's not on sale, don't get it.Since I regret spending money on this game, that is why I do not recommend it."
76561198066610342,Not Recommended,428690,30483495,Posted: 12 March,all,thelittlestdoll,So I bought this when it was still in development. They came out with a bunch of updates promising a lifestyle and fashion option. It was always very buggy. Now the full release is out and there is only three channel options. I paid just a little less than $20 FOR WHEN IT WAS IN DEVELOPMENT! I was more excited about the lifestyle ad fashion channels than anything else. I am so mad. After the full release its still buggy and crashes all the time and doesn't even have all the channels that they told us there would be in all the updates.
,Not Recommended,428690,23130940,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Andoo,"Concept, yeah it's good. Ironic how YouTubers are playing it though. Also, why the hell is my character using a controller while playing CS:GO?Pros:Character CreationUniqueLots of choicesCons: (There is a lot)Bugs, they are plentiful.The tutorial restarts at every new gameThe escape menu is very lacking. Only audio settings.Your choices are kind of forced by the game, I feel as it progresses too fast.The relationships are very time consuming and repeptive. I feel as if pressing the ""Talk"" button over and over wasn't very interesting.Also, there is only a few events present, and over time you know which ones to do, so really no risky decisions are made ever.Yes, I am aware this game is in early access, but should it be? I feel like this should be a closed alpha module of the game.On release, I can see myself giving this a 7.5/10But for now, I will leave it at a 4/10.I am enjoying the game Watch Paint Dry, more than this."
,Recommended,428690,23120289,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mixon :3,I can play and recordgamesin thisgamefor myin-gamechannel while playing and recording thisgamefor my realgamingyoutube channel!10 out of 10
76561198094659224,Recommended,428690,32881943,Posted: 27 June,all,Jigglet™,"Very fun and easy game to play. But make sure to buy it when it's on sale, cuz it's not worth 25,- ;)"
,Recommended,428690,23528601,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,fyuro,"This could be a really fun game... if a few things were fixed.1. Your PC breaks ALL THE TIME2. There are WAY to many events and parties you get invited to... and if you don't do to them you lose all of your friends.3.TIME GOES WAY TOO FAST! This probably frustrates me the most out of all the features in the game. It could easily be slowed down 3-4x less. I mean, just standing in a room doing nothing for less than five seconds and a whole hour  will go by!4. WHY CAN'T I CALL FRIENDS ON MY PHONE?! Why does it make me use my PC to talk to friends? This wouldn't be a huge issue were it not for the fact that I cannot use my PC when rendering or uploading videos...Other than that,I really like the game. Yeah, maybe character customization could be a bit better and events could be a bit more fun, but other than that this is a really good game... once all the bugs are worked out."
,Not Recommended,428690,29631368,Posted: 1 February,all,Cuppy Quakes,it's fun at first but it gets boring and repetitive and them add a new channel type didn't help.
,Recommended,428690,32801756,Posted: 25 June,all,Angry Facebook Emoji,"it's fun for a while. gets really repetitve. sometimes i go on a six hour game binge with this and i don't know why. i wish there were more things you can do, can't wait for more updates.i got this game while its on sale, 10-15 bucks i believe. it's not a bad deal if you wanna do something for awhile."
,Recommended,428690,23176752,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,HeadShotIseeU,"This game has some good ideas and it really is fun to play.I had a problem were my PC was broke and I didnt have enough money to buy/replace the current pc but I did have enough money to buy one if there was a option to sell or scrap the current pc to buy a lower one to keep making videos.The weird voice in movies and shows are annoying and could be redone a bit.This game can be hard if you over spend what you earn and try to move up fast.Also I dont see why can't the wife get a job or something instead of hog up my CPU and consoles?Hell she can't even get me a sandwich!The game doesnt really explain much to you so you have to figure it out on your own.Its a fun game at its current state hopfully the developer doesnt grap our cash and run.Also the xp bar I wish it told you how much xp was needed to level up.During movies you should be able to kiss or do something with your wife/girlfriend, also buy snacks things like that?Not sure what the point of having a roommate is because all they do is get in the way and dont even pay much of anything.losing the game I believe should change because if you fail to pay your bills at least 2 months( i Believe ) the game ends?What about having a loan shark or somthing for the down times?The saddest thing is playing for many hours and then lose the game after not paying you're rent, I believe this could hugely improve on because you have to start all over again from the beginning to play again, so in the end I felt like I wasted a ton of time for one simple error.Anyway the game  play is fun but could be improved onI like how they ripped off brand names of stuff. (LIke amazon, xbox, ps4, ect) lolI eat and drink stuff and party all the time but I never have to use the bathroom?I also can't cook any food so everything is cold and either sandwiches style of food.At this current state of game play its worth the 15 dollars and maybe once the full game is released/finished it might be a $30.00 game. But right now I would pay around $10.00 to $12.00 for the game.There is good ideas here in this game but we just need the developer to follow through to the end!"
,Recommended,428690,23114700,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jambers,"It took about 10 minutes to get more subscribers than i have in real life (I have about 163). Why can't it be this easy to get subscribers in real life!?This game is like the sims and game dev tycoon combined. if you like both of those games, you should get this."
76561198167613200,Not Recommended,428690,34019268,Posted: 4 August,all,Ms Ives,Cool idea and nice potential but i regret spending money on this game.The gamplay itself is very limited and repetitive and i couldn't enjoy the tycoon / simulationaspect of it. Would be more fun if there was less clumsy moving around and morestrategy/intellectual challenges
76561197970708144,Not Recommended,428690,29682019,Posted: 3 February,all,resiseven7,repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetition repetitionrepetition repetition repetition is an accurate representation of playing this game
,Not Recommended,428690,31302041,Posted: 22 April,all,McKraken,"One day when I was on YouTube, I heard of this game that many people were playing called ""YouTubers Life"". I watched some gameplay of it and I was very interested.Keyword: WASI played the game for a while, and so far my opinion about this game was very positive. It gave you challenges, and the whole game was fun in general. I loved how you were invited into events, and be able to upgrade your setup. The social interactions were a bit crazy. People say mean stuff about you if you dont do what they want you to do. However, that is drama today.However, the game got more repetitive when I moved into the Luxury Apartment. The last interesting thing that happened was joining a Network. Then every day, the same stuff happens. You upload a video, or make a collaborator do it, upgrade your setup, get invited to the movies every single night, get a hate comment from your former roomate. And it goes on.The repitition keeps going on until you can't go further, and soon, no video games will be released anymore, and games will be forever not trending, and have played so much you got a trillion subscribers. The plot no longer develops. You got too much money. Everything that makes this game boring. And as you keep upgrading, you realize that the upgrades go a bit too far. A smaller moniter is an upgrade from a bigger, 3x monitor. And you move into a space station, that is too insane and overpowered.Overall, this game is not very good. I was bored to tears playing this game. This game never has something new happening every day. Unlike other games, that has frequent, quality updates, and online multiplayer are what makes these game masterpieces, this game does the exact opposite. They basically trick you so you won't be able to refund it. The fun part lasts for about 2 hours, the maximum time you are able to refund a game (I guess). Then when you are done with your 2 hours of fun, the game instantly gets boring, the plot quickly dies, and you realized you can't refund this game. I am not reccomending this to anyone, almost everyone who plays it will probably stop playing it after a day or two. I will reccomend this game if it brings us frequent updates to the plot, instead of a different type of channel, which no one cares about, because it is basically the same thing as gaming."
,Recommended,428690,23215883,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,K_Mils,"Rating: 8/10So far I have put into about 12 hours or so, started over a couple of times cuz of updates wanted to see how it was in the beginning. The game feels like a youtube simulator + sims, which works out pretty well. It also makes you wish youtube was this easy.The gameplay itself is simple and easy to understand, but it doesn't mean it's stupid easy (at least not to the point where I am at). At this point you can only be a gaming channel, so you get a game, record you playing, edit, and wait for it. Just like real life for making youtube videos. Then you still have real life duties, at first you have school and need to earn money by working cuz your channel does pay enough. Then you move out and got rent and have to buy more stuff to stay relevant on youtube. So you have to be able to manage your time in game to be as efficient as possible to make sure you have constant uploads (or else you lose subs), have enough money (dunno what happens if you don't for rent, but I guess it would be gg), and still have a social life.Since it's early access I ran into several annoying bugs, but thankfully the devs took care of most of them, still some issues that annoy me, but I'm patient enough.One issue that does stand out thought is that time in game goes by too fast. Like stupid fast. I understand recording and editing make take a few to several hours (I know I do them) but if you think too long about your decisions in game, a day can past by and making miss deadlines or just overall mess with your organizations. Hopefully in the near future this can get  tweaked a bit for an overall better experience."
,Not Recommended,428690,24461985,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zennrick,"I've played over an hour of this game and it's already starting to become repetetive and boring. In my opinion, not worth £10,99. If you want to give this game a go then I would reccomend buying it when it's on sale. For me however, the first 45 minutes of the game was actually quite entertaining and enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,428690,32971619,Posted: 28 June,all,ちんちん 陰茎,"It gets really boring and repetitive after a while. If you want a simulator game, play Sims. If you want a youtube simulator, play TubeTycoon."
76561198046004023,Recommended,428690,23178529,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,>DG<[Death] Loyalty,A few typos here and there but other than that I've just spent 18 hours non stop playing this damn game... I need food and a smoke before I head back in! Good mix between RNG Card game + Sims + Strategy which I didn't even think was possible but damn they made it!
,Not Recommended,428690,34795800,Posted: 7 September,all,Spooky Memes,"It is ok at first, but then gets really repetitave.(And why the hell is it $24.99 USD?!  I got it when it was like $8 and in Early Access.)"
,Not Recommended,428690,30351577,Posted: 5 March,all,Katabelle,"Bought this game in EA and it was alright, some bugs, I was mostly investing for the channels to come. Fashion & Lifestyle, but they just released the game without even developing this content so I cannot recommend this title. They released it with missing content and do not even plan to implement it. If you're unsure about features to come, don't put them in the description or even in the game as an upcoming option."
,Not Recommended,428690,32207418,Posted: 5 June,all,Windows 10,"Interesting at first, but only interesting for about a week."
76561198063445822,Not Recommended,428690,29704192,Posted: 4 February,all,Felix,This game was fun to start with but after some time its getting boring :/
,Not Recommended,428690,29700595,Posted: 4 February,all,"Emperor Matthew ""The Builder""",I purchased this game in early access beliving that when it finally launched we would have 5 times of channels. However it launched with 2 of the channels no where to be seen and a price hike which it's currently not worth. I do not reccomend getting Youtubers life in is current state based on the company's choice to leave out channels it promised its early access buyers. Shame on you U=Play Online!
76561198298333237,Not Recommended,428690,32373056,Posted: 12 June,all,kawaiitunes,"I suppose, just like any other game, it all comes down to opinions...This game is not the WORST thing I've ever played, but it isn't good... (In my opinion.)Let's go over what is GOOD about the game first (If you even consider these as such):1. You can customize your avatar2. You can socialize with NPCs3. You can make money in four different ways:a: Doing well in schoolb: YouTube videosc: Part-time jobs/activitesd: Careers4. Creating YouTube videos acts as a 'mini game'5. You can move into your own houseAlright... Now for the BAD things...1. Poor graphics2. Obscure (ugly, in my opinion) art design3. Can grow stressful (managing to keep up with bills/grades/favors)4. NPC interaction is limited5. The clothing shop does not offer shades of pastel/light colors6. Creating videos can grow extremely repetitive7. There is not much to do in the game aside from stressing over bills/grades/favors/videos.8. You cannot customize your house/room9. It is difficult to get an NPC interested in you, considering that you need to blindly guess at what their interestes are (If you mention something that they are not interested in, they will get angry and your friend stats will drop)Overall:I do not believe that this is worth $10.00. Was it inexpensive? Sure! However, the quality just doesn't seem befitting for its price, despite it being only $10.00. In fact, it has the quality of a mediocre free-to-play game. And, actually, a lot of free-to-play games even exceed the quality of this by a lot. Please do not waste your moolah! If you hate repetitive and limited game play, DO NOT purchase this."
76561198272196274,Not Recommended,428690,23385953,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,taylorcrewe,it gets quite boring after a bit and u gain and lose subs to fast also doing 4 or 5 vids of the same game its apparently bad witch is so unrealistic
76561198358951818,Not Recommended,428690,34766354,Posted: 5 September,all,FuZzyXdeadmau5,Very VERY REPETITIVE
,Not Recommended,428690,24795919,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MC Ride,"It´s fun for a couple hours but holy god is it filled to the brim with glitches and bugs, I wouldnt say its worth 15 dollars, maybe wait for it to be on promotion and then buy it but for now not worth it."
,Recommended,428690,23200246,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Vosoros,"Somewhere between a version of The Sims and some Tycoon game, Youtubers Life can be quite fun indeed...The game charts your prolific rise as a YouTuber through several different homes, each of which brings with it its own challenges and benefits.  You'll start out in your mums house...and God help you if you don't study enough and you want to make a new video.  But soon you'll be out in a new place of your very own...and the sky's the limit once you do...in theory.You see, money and upgrades are a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  Not to mention the constant need for more money for games (or whatnot)...and maybe more clothes and stuff to decorate you home.  And then your friends want you to hang out with them and talk to them in order to remain friends?  OMG...the stress, the hilarity, the chaos...and the damn good fun to be had in this game.Even if you're not too good at this game (like me), I think you'll find it quite additive, fun and immersive that you loose yourself in it for hours.  And then fail, but want to come back and try all over again nonetheless.  Why not try it and see for yourself..."
,Recommended,428690,23094424,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,inspiringdeeply,"I really like it and it's super fun so far.I just wish you could have a time bar to customize how fast you go and to slow down the timeframe... It's ridicously fast. I also don't like how the time frame is also on the cellphone where it's kind of not in a good view spot.Another thing that I hope to see soon is a fix on the crashes on the game. I have had it crash on me twice now...This game has A LOT of promise.... But this issues need to be fixed first.Another thing that would be cool is a wider wardrobe and customization screen.Lastly, I think the tutorial needs to be expanded and the dialouge improved a bit more to be more.. Knowledgeable and easier to understand with the controls. I think it's a bit too ""jokey"" and ""casual.""I didn't fully understand a lot of the mechanics.Otherwise! Thanks, it was still a pretty good buy."
,Not Recommended,428690,29702914,Posted: 4 February,all,Brot,"how to fix a pirated version Errorfor really, im a chinese. and i play this game because it's have a Chinese Version.this game have a good fun played and very bad translate. but is not the main Problem.when i played 6 Hour, it's Ping with ""you're playing a pirated version of Youtubers Life."" this message.WTF Bro? i purchasing a  pirated version? are your seriesly? they told me, you can fix it, with ""verify integrity of game cache"".  but no . it's doesn't work.Did your guys know how can i fix this error?I change language to English, than it's work. error fix? no , that's not a Error.I think it is racial discriminationif your read this message, and it's help to you. pls click ""usefull"". thx"
,Recommended,428690,23115354,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,JxI,Game told me I needed friends to make video. 10/10 on realism
,Recommended,428690,23885299,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kudee,"Friend requested game and said it was amazing! Bought it.. Fell in love with it. It's extremely fun for the first few days... Yep, First few days. It's EXTREMELY Repetitive and after you play for at least one wk. It get's boring. I recommend to start a new game to allow you to enjoy game again.. But it isn't as much funOverall Rating: 7/10"
76561198112734861,Recommended,428690,26313337,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Croakore,"Note: This is only early access so I may change my opinions laterYoutubers Life is a fun little cartoony game, that being said the price is a little too high and I would reccomend somwhere near 8 USD. The downside to the game is that at first, it has a very nice steady paste with unique events but eventually becomes repetitive hard work the further you get. This style caused alot of youtubers to play it which skyrocketed its popularity but after a single run, they all quit and never came back, and I think that's most of the audience right now.Now that's not to say it's bad. At first, the game was a big hit and everyone was playing it, but as time went on, the game slowly dropped until it became pretty unpopular but the people who tried it for themselves (besides the actual youtubers) stuck around and instead of the developers ceasing most developement due to lost popularity, they still went and updated it quite a bit to the point where a whole new channel type was added in.In terms of graphics, the game feels a little recycled because 1. Most of the clothing is retextures 2. Most of the models aren't that different and alot of them are re-used even though that looks bad 3. Overall, the graphics were recycled and cheap excuses but the lighting & particles are goodI like how the game has a bit of a life simulation aspect added in which broadens the activity board if you ever get bored of just doing youtubing. Speaking of broadening, the game is supposed to have gaming, music, fashion, lifestyle and cooking as cannle types. This is a little reasonable although most youtubers do 1. games 2. pranks 3. fashion so it's gonna be unique in that aspect. Now that would be fine with me except that since they don't exactly have a big developement team, broadening the scale causes each individual channel type to feel like (for the most part,) the same so it actually loses a bit of its quality.The sound is nice and some of the tunes (for example, the halloween song) but the voice acting is terrible because they didn't make it even remotely similar so every voice is very different (which shouldn't occur if they all speak the same fictional giberish language).One big thing that angers most people though, is how you're expected to make more and more videos based on how many subscribers you currently have. This might not sound too bad but near the end-game, you're forced to make videos left and right to fufill the needs of your fanbase, and while they do have collaberators to try and make things easier, you can't take a break even if you wanted to which is really annoying and starts to ruin the game.Overall on a scale of 10, I would currently give it an 8 because while it is a fun little youtubers game with just the right amount of extra life simulation to make it fun at certain times, it still get repetitive and hard as it progresses which starts to make it less and less fun.Hoped this helped"
76561198271661154,Not Recommended,428690,29684177,Posted: 3 February,all,vagamer01 (goro akechi),lie its still early access with more modes coming soon it seems they took notes from *cough* cough* Infinate Warfare *cough* cough*
,Recommended,428690,33233705,Posted: 4 July,all,mariothedog,"Repetitive, but still a good game."
76561198146059240,Not Recommended,428690,34504278,Posted: 26 August,all,Ironneeder,This game used to be very fun to play although it has been broken in one of the recent updates... XP doesnt show properly and either at lvl 7 or lvl 25 you stop progressing completely and can't get new cards or skills and it becomes very boring. I don't personally understand how in the hell they messed this up as there was nothing wrong with xp before some recent updates that shouldn't have involved xp... I hope very much that this is fixed because the inability to progress is pretty damn game breaking.If this was 2016 I would definitely recommend this game to anybody looking for an adictive as hell game to play for hours as it used to be great but it sucks now. I will change the review if it's fixed (not that reviews matter all that much) but this is mainly to tell the devs to get to fixing if they want this game to stay popular-ish.
76561198191267959,Not Recommended,428690,29547035,Posted: 28 January,all,Virtuoso,Almost as fun as masturbating with sandpaper...
,Recommended,428690,23113567,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,f0rget,Buys expensive mouse and keyboard then records video with gamepad10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,428690,28963245,Posted: 2 January,all,Lyca,This game is quite addictive and fun. Only big complaint in need of fixing ASAP if how quickly the time moves and how it doesn't stop time for you to read things.
76561198056369848,Recommended,428690,27572635,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mille Bell,"Good cartoonish graphics, interesting concept, funny dialogues and animations, quite challenging tasks, bit of everything for everyone.The dev team is doing a really good job overall, updating and keeping in touch with the community.Yes, the game does lack certain features here and there, but for it being in early access, with like 50% of the work done (given the fact that 2 out of 4 channels are ready) it is well worth the price.As for the risk of it getting repetititve, keep in mind that it is not an adventure game or anything like that, but more on the strategy/time management/simulation niche. It comes with the package. If you do enjoy those types of games, this one will definitely not let you down.-9/10 imo, with great potential of improving even more."
76561197969443199,Not Recommended,428690,30859213,Posted: 31 March,all,Spynde,Bought this on early access. They promised two more channels on launch and we are still waiting. And it is still buggy as heck...Nice concept and quite fun to play (although repetitive) but I can't recommend it now as it is. Fix it and add promised content and I will thumb it up.
,Recommended,428690,25272841,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,xcinderkatx,"Besides the few glitches, this game is actually fun"
,Not Recommended,428690,29801091,Posted: 9 February,all,LoveLifeLive,"I bought and played this game early access and kind of enjoyed it for a while as i enjoy sim games, especially the sims, it quickly became boring, slow and repetitive, and this was only after 13 hours gameplay. Now that the full version is officially released i'm being forced to downvote unfortunately as it's still pretty much the same game, with game breaking bugs included from Early access. I could be forced to change my vote and reccomend this, if things are sorted."
76561198102365154,Not Recommended,428690,33566926,Posted: 15 July,all,shaunwgates,"Fun for the first 4 hours, than becomes repetitive"
,Recommended,428690,34073148,Posted: 6 August,all,danen917,"Fun game. The only issue I have is having to click two to four times about 75% of the time in order for the game to register the click. For $25.00 I would expect better. Also, I think it would be great if, while my character is out of the home, I should be able to interact with home instead of being stuck watching the clock.Honestly if I had paid $10 or $15 I wouldn't be so upset about the mouse issue but spending $15 on a game, I would expect better. Please fix this or lower the price. If this was a star rating system, it would get 2 or 3 out of five until the issue is fixed."
,Not Recommended,428690,30192676,Posted: 26 February,all,无聊至极,"a great concept for those who wants to feel like a popular streamer without a god PC or editing skill. however the gameplay is just tedious, all you do is make selections, wait for animations, and more selections, if i can actually arrange my actions when pausing would be helpful! that should be a standard for all simlators, I understand that they want to make it real, but isn't making game videos and attending social activities kind of conflict with each other? some may debate that you can use the time to social while rendering and uplaoding your videos, but come on, you need to sleep, and there's no day-night transition or any sort of OBVIOUS way to see what time is it. If the in-game clock is slowler and if i can see it more clearly instead of a tiny little corner on my phone, I would manage my time much butter. also, when come to time tasks usually it needs a console game, while you don't have that console, nor the money for it, you'll spend most of your time working to get money, isn't this defeats the whole purpose of the game? I want to be a popular streamer, not a normal college guy spend their time on part time jobs! To be honest, in the very beginning, it's better just work and study WITHOUT ACTUALLY MAKING ANY VIDEO. And also, you won't know what game the request is until you clicked yes! that is just unfair. and don't need to say they even forgot path seeking, after every action you go back to your room, don't you feel stupid seeing your charcter go out for work, go back to the room, then go out to the fridge? Why can't it go to the fridge on their way back? What were they thinking?"
,Not Recommended,428690,30861700,Posted: 31 March,all,Digital Blobface,"TBH, It was fun to begin with but it just got so repetitive."
,Recommended,428690,23413181,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DIEGOBGAMING^ ✪,"Its addictive. Everytime you gain subscribers, you want more, more and MORE!!!!"
,Recommended,428690,23222625,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Fire,"This game is great. I've been playing it for two days now and I haven't had any issues from it, also I love how its a little sim-like as well."
,Recommended,428690,23475515,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,WTWR Zydrate,"Youtubers Life is essentially a time management RPG that reminds me of Game Dev Tycoon. You create your character, and you start in a house with your character’s mother where you have to balance between hunger, sleep (Both of which contribute to your ability to have good ratings on your videos), studying (A’s and B’s get money from your mother), friends (I’m not sure what they do for you yet except eventually lead to collaborations; More ratings), work (Direct cash that doesn’t come from YT’s monetization), and several other things that may not be readily apparent at the beginning.The whole time you can purchase upgrades to your PC which allows for stronger videos. You even have to edit videos which acts as a miniature puzzle game, as connecting all the modules will lead to a better video and thus, more views and subscribers.It’s a neat part of the game that I can appreciate.Another part that reminds me of Game Dev Tycoon, is that you’re not stuck in your mother’s house forever. At a certain subscriber limit, you’re asked to become roomates with someone. Drop some cash, and you move out, and it comes with a few perks. Your fridge is closer, though you have to buy your own food (Which are usually cheap in comparison). The need to study is replaced with online courses to improve your abilities, which is completely optional but costs money. You don’t get the occasional 50$ from your mother but at this stage of the game (A couple hours in), you’ll be making more from your videos anyway.Would I recommend it? It’s a neat little fantasy to have your custom made self playing games for money. It’s still in Early Access so there’s a few things missing. To be fair, there’s a full game here. It’s a Simulator where you manage time and resources so if that’s your thing, go for it."
,Not Recommended,428690,23376374,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,tomfella,"I can't recommend this game yet, due to its bugs, the rough state of balancing, and the awkward gameplay flow.  To go into more detail:- I was forced to start a new game twice within a couple of hours due to gamebreaking bugs which prevented me from starting new  videos.- The game world hours progress extremely quickly and are very hard to keep notice of.  It will seem like an evening has passed, but actually a week has.  In this week you have likely eaten once, not slept, played 1.5 games, studied once... you get the idea.- Those hours progress at that speed *no matter what*.  Even when you're in menus deciding on things, or choosing clothes to wear to an event, time is rapidly trickling away.  This creates an almost tangible blanket of stress that covers the whole game.  At all times you feel rushed and unable to sit back and think about your next move.  It feels contrary to what a laid-back simulation ought to be about.  A sims-style game speed setting (1x speed, 3x speed, 10x speed etc) with vastly reduced base rate of time advancement would go a long way to solving this, as would time pausing in most decision-making menus.- As a particularly frustrating example of the above: sometimes you are given tasks to do by friends, which generally are expected to be completed within a week.  Due to the above time issues, you could go to an evening event, get home, record the video and have the task expire before it finishes uploading because most of a week passed during that evening's (short) event.- There are a lot of bugs.  Courses just seem straight-up broken; most of the time I resumed a course, my character would be putting time down against nothing.  The tutorial system often breaks and leaves the game in a broken state.  Sometimes after starting a game, you get interrupted and can't resume or create new games.- The tutorial flows feel tacked-on.  For instance, it shows a tutorial bubble while you create your first video.  It describes what the screen does and how you select reaction cards for your video.  But the cards are not well explained, matching the cards up with symbols is not explained, power you spend on reactions is not explained, and worst of all while you're reading the text, a countdown timer appears to force you to make a decision.These are easy enough to fix in time and I look forward to updating my review with a positive recommendation.If you're particularly adventurous, feel free to give it a buy; it's not the worst game out there even in its current state."
,Not Recommended,428690,34878004,Posted: 11 September,all,curvyalmond™,"I wanted to recommend this game so bad. It originally reminded me of the Sims and that's why I enjoyed it... I am able to forgive all the repetitive game play but there were a few things I could not ignore. From small things, for example, not being able to put down walls when you're playing turns in to a huge distraction. When you're playing a simulation game, you want to be as in control (or not) as you want. I also tend to become rather anal when it comes to camera direction, which was finicky and horrible to manipulate around the screen. On top of that, NPC's would freeze and become next to impossible to set to a task. This game gave me high hopes but is all but unplayable now. I can't look past its potential and what could have been, especially now that it's full release. From the first time I played this game to now, I wanted to be able to recommend it but unfortunately, that day will never come."
76561198211650909,Not Recommended,428690,26417953,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,smart dodo,It's not bad but it just gets repetitive after a few hours not worth 20 bucks in my opinion when you can get Skyrim or ark for the same price.
,Recommended,428690,30911156,Posted: 2 April,all,Fun Games Gaming,"I really liked this game. I would say the musical youtuber path is my favorite, but I tried gaming. This game is interesting and I recommend it to anyone with some spare time AND some spare cash. My only complaint is that they raised the price from $15 to $25. I got it when it was only $15, but I may not have bought if $25. Still a great game."
,Not Recommended,428690,23570499,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,oh no,This game is a waste of 15 dollars at the moment.It keeps you interested long enough so you can't get a refund.So around playing for 2 hours you realize how much repitition there is.
,Recommended,428690,34563744,Posted: 28 August,all,Lil Uzi Vert,Fun wee game would only buy when it is down in price though
,Not Recommended,428690,24451797,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,adxmo,The game was fun for the first few hours but there aren't that many features in yet that makes the game worth $15. It gets really repetitive.
,Not Recommended,428690,24641013,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,JeanMichel Doryphore,"This game is really full of bug, and the gameplay is so limited...After playing around 10h, you'll be 100% bored..."
76561198266983104,Not Recommended,428690,29612467,Posted: 31 January,all,jennyfisher,"too many bugs, not enough outfits"
,Not Recommended,428690,23346502,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ben Dawson,"So this game is getting around quickly, thats why its high on the top sellers, but i only enjoyed this for the first half hour, until i forced myself to play more. It gets boring and repetitve and you dont really get attached to the videos you make. Its what i call "" game dev tycoon syndrome"""
76561198307027919,Recommended,428690,34542295,Posted: 27 August,all,Bignatius0505,I spent a lot of time on the game when it first came out. Good game had a lot of potental but they just didnt give it as much content as we were promised. Couldn't see buying now that its $25. But a good bit of fun
,Recommended,428690,28577361,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,アップルパイ,"It's great entertainment.It is easy to get into and it will be more fun as you learn how everything works - making videos etc.I bought this game after i watched some youtubers play it. It looked okay back then and it maked me happy to see how much the game has progressed since the very start. A lot more will come and I hope it is just as promissing.Though, it can get boring. Personally I play a few minuttes from time to time and it's working great. To me thats the biggest con: you repeat the same things over and over again."
76561198025844432,Not Recommended,428690,29996739,Posted: 17 February,all,Travel Tech,"Played it in early access, it was super buggy and had very little content, now the game has slightly more content and is less buggy.  You're essentially just a machine pumping out videos by choosing the various options that combine for more views.  While you try to do that as much as possible you must also deal with random people who want you to be their friends, this part of the game is mostly just tacked on and doesn't affect the rest too much.  The now three types of channels work exactly the same as each other, just swapping things like games and consoles for songs and instruments.It's just another of those simple tycoon management games, but this one wants to be cool and funny."
,Not Recommended,428690,31908275,Posted: 22 May,all,Lizzardude,What happened to all the other channel options?
,Recommended,428690,30599450,Posted: 18 March,all,Mathiaz,"I had a good 6 hours playing this game, and it delivered mostly on the expectations I had coming in. You start small, and sooner or later depending on the choices you take; you get bigger and bigger over time. I thought it would be more harsh or difficult to get big, but it actually wasn't that hard. However progressing through the different stages of your YT career felt satisfying and fun for me.As for specific downsides; it gets repetitive, and quite fast actually. I played for about 6 hours, but it was getting repetitive before this point, and yeah I do have good patience for these kind of things (abnormal really). I would also like to point out the lack of diverse dialogue in general (talking to friends, comments on your videos etc). Even the dialogue with your closest ones was just the same over and over, and so you get to a point where you just click and don't even read anything anymore.I missed having some kind of personalized direction on your channel as you grow, and how you would stand out from other channels. I mean the only real difference here was the category right? The last thing I would point out is that there was a lack of explanation when you joined a network, and how you could achieve the different goals. Some goals for the higher networks weren't even explained to me which eventually led me to getting banned. Maybe it was intended to be that way?In conclusion gets repetitive but I would still recommend this game to anyone who likes SIM games, and/or wants to kill off a couple of hours."
,Not Recommended,428690,24031668,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,karwaidotnet,"this game is like a mobile phone game...it's repetitive, grindish and lack of features.for now - getting Pillar of Eternity for similar price is a better option...regret i didnt return this game when i had the opportunity to do so..."
76561198028380662,Not Recommended,428690,29835451,Posted: 10 February,all,Velrock,Got a refund witrh 12 hours playtime. They promised us 6 channels and what did we get? An early release full of bugs and only 3 channels.
,Recommended,428690,27417832,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♥ Pony.,Cute graphics. But it's just a loop. Kinda like SIMS in a way.
,Recommended,428690,31844314,Posted: 19 May,all,|WZ|Vrikkiegik,"Things listed for the developers to fix/add:===========================================1. The akward dancing2. Graphics ***UPDATED?***3. Bugs (of course) ***GETTING SQUISHED WITH EVERY UPDATE***4. A little more realism5. More events ***ADDED***6. Maybe add that you can actually go outside and do stuff7. Gameplay events ***ADDED***8. At moms house, add that your mum can walk in and annoy you when playing (But moooooomm!)9. More talking options ***ADDED***10. More events for the new 2 youtube channel types (Cooking/Music)============================================Please add/fix the things that i listed or not, i dont know.================================GG==GG==GG==============================Good Game :D -Vrikkie"
,Recommended,428690,28896906,Posted: 1 January,all,Saki Strife,"Highly Addictive!!I love this game!! It has a lot of replayability to it, what with the different types of Youtuber channels available, although not all are available yet.For me the only major downside is that it can obviously get fairly repative. The constant need to upgrade your equipment and your apartment (none of which come cheap), and then there's the same puzzle game everytime you need to edit your videos. But all of this exists to create some challenge in the game, ultimately driving you to play more just cause you want to see this amazing Space MansionSo in some regards it's not like a Youtubers life at all probably, but more like if Sims were introduced to Youtube.Overall, I'd give the game 9/10 because despite the fact it can get a little repative and dull, it really is a good game. Suitable for anyone really, especially if you want to get a taste of what Youtuber life is like without going through the process in real-life."
,Recommended,428690,28815061,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DrCone,This is a great game and well worth your money. But after awile this seams too repeatative. For me after 5 hours of playing (over a time of two weeks) I could not earge myself to playing this game. But also remember this is an early access game so hopefully there will be more things to do.
76561198008221643,Recommended,428690,33064251,Posted: 30 June,all,Vyxsin,I have been playing this a lot lately. Pretty happy with the added youtube channels. Its fun when you dont want to play a super involved game. =)
76561198094529144,Not Recommended,428690,35209844,Posted: 25 September,all,Tiny Rick,would be good if they delivered what they promised
,Recommended,428690,26076304,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Alex/RËAP%R Earn.GG,"I'm really suprised I didin't expect so much content in this Game! I really enjoy this game, Even if my stats got reset. It's alot like sims and you can also have relationships.. It's almost as if real life... I really enjoy this game. What really suprised me is that it is also for Mac. I have a mac and I couldn't play this game if it was pc only.... I couldn't play alot of games like cod because of pc only.. They would gain alot more players if they had mac to... So that the devs are really good and they are seeing ahead Bravo Amazing Game."
,Not Recommended,428690,24730184,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,•Jagdoe•,I like The Game Play But Its Very Buggy here are some pros and conspros:fun game playaddictingdecent graphicscons:the Game moves too fastyour computer breaks too muchhas some game breaking bugs
,Recommended,428690,30089213,Posted: 21 February,all,Spookybby,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! It's super fun, no matter how old you are. I can play this game for hours and hours without getting bored of it. There are some challenging aspects, but overall it's a pretty laidback game. I can't wait for the game to be completely finished. By far my favorite new game on Steam."
,Not Recommended,428690,32139673,Posted: 2 June,all,A Rather Slender Man™,"It's So....Unrealistic....I Can't Even Get Into It...But I Will1. You Lose Subs Chunk By Chunk Never Just 1 person2. Pay For Food But Only Some Food3. Paying 800$ A Month For A Penthouse4. Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Kiss Talk Kiss Married5. You Never Pay For The Movies, Your FriendsAlwaysTake you6. Space House7. Heres 100$ A Year, You Live In My House Now And You Make Videos For Me, And because Your My Friend YouWon'tSay No8.I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE"
76561198028976115,Not Recommended,428690,24381184,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vand,"Early Access Review as of June 7, 2016.Youtubers Life is a sorta a mixed bag at the moment, while I love the gameplay (recording videos, chatting with in game characters, and making tons of money) the game itself has been rather buggy and light on content for now.  Most of the bugs were fixed with exiting the menu, and resuming the game (not being able to talk to people, right click and use objects, game freezing on using the computer.) As for being light on content after a copule of hours playing all the video recording, going to movies amd events, and opening up one computer upgrade box at a time just felt extermely repetive.  As for now I would highly recommend that if your interested in this game that one should wait for updates that add more content to the game.  The game itself has a ton of potential, but right now just needs some more development time. :)"
,Not Recommended,428690,29988761,Posted: 17 February,all,Barthoze,"an Arrou to the knee for the low low price of 24.99 EURTL;DR  As it stands, don't buy till the game is on a 50% sales, and hope the bugs are fixed. It has some redeeming graces.ProsThe game is  usable  and won't randomly crash on you.The core game is fun,  both recording phases and editing phase, and the reaction selection brings a fine prerecording tactical decision.The graphisms are good, if you're into Mii-like style.ConsToo expensive at 24.99, for both content and finition.The lingering input bug, which forces me to unplug all other inputs peripherics such as a drawing tablet and a joystick.Too expensive.The game is heavily railroaded, and with too many cases of single uses even when it is not justified.The high-pitched laugh track  for females characters is grating, because it's too short and comes back too often whether in direct interactions, or in background chatter.The computer is 100% busy when rendering and uploading a video locks out most interaction. It should not, at any rate prevent from speaking/chatting with friends, as you start with a basic sturdy Finnish pocket phone.This fact also triggers more frustration when the game railroads you into learning some new interactions, where you must use the PC and you  just  have to wait out the  video upload is finished, without the possibility of going into any other meaningful interaction.Did I mention too expensive? good.Some interactions with people are strange.  A gaming Youtuber may at random rebuffs you when speaking about games, claiming they're just not into gaming, even if you interest them with a conversation on the same subject just before and just after."
,Recommended,428690,23224585,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,CreatorGhost,"An awesome game, I love how you are playing as the character and need to pay a high rent, upgrade your setup, buy games and you can even get married, move out from your moms house to a student apartmet and move after that. If you're short on money you can get a small job, usualy around 10$ for 2 hours but some are 10$ for 1 hour. Get diffrent networks and that you get feedback. You need to eat and sleep, at your moms house the food will be free but when you move out you need to pay for it, you will unlock more types of diffrent food. You can decorate your apartment with diffrent stuff, for example a fan, lava lamp, carpet, shelf and more. You have to study to get good grades when you live with your mom but when you move out you dont need to study any more, you can take courses to get better with your videos. You can also buy consoles, phones, clothes and equipment (as i mentioned before). You can go to disco, the movies, game conventions! :) I really love this game ^,^I forgot to add this before: As you get further in to the game you can hire persons to make videos for your channel. They will cost some money but with a steady income you can get someone, they dont even need to be a youtuber for it. To hire someone you need to become friends with them and then when you go to their profile it will say ""Hire"". :)"
76561198004810455,Not Recommended,428690,24268967,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kazuma,"When I first started it felt fun but it took few hours for me to realize this games repetitive problems.Pros:-Managing your channel-Graphic  style is charmingCons:-Time passes so quick. You need to keep on clicking for something all the time. Not a moment for stoping for a while and looking at your channel nor planing what to do ahead.-Eat and sleep mechanics are more boring then fun.-Game is still in early access stage so there no channel types other then ""game channel"" wich I found boring as hell.Game has potential, if they adjust ""time"" mechanics and add more channel types I may return to play it."
76561198090783716,Not Recommended,428690,23442557,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,zera_the_mant,The game is fun for about a day but get boring real quick. You basically explore everything you can do very quickly. Definitly a good game for a day but for the price its not even worth it.
76561198049971828,Not Recommended,428690,23206436,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,AllyYoko,"While it's not a bad game, after a while it just becomes annoying.In the beginning the game is a lot of fun, eventhough the tasks are very repetative and if you choose the wrong type of character it can really limit the XP you can get.However after I was pretty much forced to move into the next house because I wouldn't get XP otherwise things really started to go sideways. The cards I got for my videos are either Copyright infringement things or only high numbered (or both) so that I would either have to pay to get the video out, or would be unable to really finish the video.For example: I got a request on the 28th of May to do a Walkthrough for a video until June 5th. You have to play the game a little before you can do a walkthrough. I had to redo the normal Gameplay video so many times, that I was unable to fullfill this request. I was unable to publish more than one video in this timeframe.I was also trying to safe up for a computer, since you can only buy things through your computer, it really sucks when it constantly breaks. I saw the repair guy more often than my girlfriend that was sort of living with me, and the last time when I finally had enough to buy a new computer, my old one broke before the repair guy even left my flat, so that I had to replace my computer with the same model, instead of being able to upgrade it...I do understand that this is Early Access, and I will change my review if I see any changes, but atm it's just frustrating."
,Recommended,428690,31670331,Posted: 10 May,all,Doglover2978,Really good but the controls are difficult if you go on any other games and rarely come on this.Socializing is very hard but its fun trying to become THAT Youtuber and thats the main thing
,Not Recommended,428690,25597910,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zambie☭,"Pretty fun for the first few hours, but it gets really repetitive quickly, and it seems to turn into a 'make a video' -> 'edit it' -> upload & repeat"
,Recommended,428690,23210338,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Crophe,So far so good i see this game as a fun simulator that i know for a fact ill spend even morte hours on this but what i really want is to be minecraft lets player and an internet sensation. If this game didnt make you hard then i have no clue what will all in all definitely worth $15 and generally not as boring as i thought at first
76561198052426486,Recommended,428690,23086188,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,iRaphahell,Buys expensive mouse and keyboard then records video with gamepad10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,428690,23433738,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sythy.!,"Mega addictive, I played 18 hours, in just a day and a half. Not too easy, but not too hard. The only down side, is only having one career option. But thats early access!"
,Recommended,428690,24940354,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Scorthea,"I enjoy the overall concept of the game. However this game does have several issues I've noticed, and the biggest issue of ALL is time. If you want to complete the game then having no social life is really helpful but at the same time, you NEED a social life in order to do some of the videos you will later need to create. The last time I played there was only one style of youtuber that you could be.Overall this game needs the time to be redone. The days are too short and there simply isn't enough time in a day to possibly do the things you'll need to do. It's hard to maintain friends because you have game video deadlines to make, and you have videos to keep up with. Going out with friends can prove to lose progress in the game too. So you really have to be a perfectionist of time management (I believe) to truly get this game. For me, I love the fundamentals but the game itself was difficult to focus on. I did enjoy, so I recommend you try this game out for yourself, just keep in mind it's pretty fast paced."
76561198090157577,Recommended,428690,28334332,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,WUSS POPPIN JIMBO?,There is a glitch going on where all my videos get 4 vies and nothing else and it keeps happening. I don't know why this is but please fix it this is a great game with fun and a reason to play unlike other games.
76561198084445489,Recommended,428690,23237347,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,chisalpine,"A cute game where everyone dream come true, to be a successful Youtuber. Even we could just record our gameplay, it wouldn't get as much views as Youtubers Life. Still having some minor issues but overall this game is good. Interesting and engaging, we all can relate to this game. 10/10!"
,Not Recommended,428690,30756006,Posted: 26 March,all,Eiko carol,"i was interested in this after watching youtubers play it on their channels  so i thought it would try it out...it was fun for the first 4 hours then it got boring as it was eat,sleep, make video,go to movies and so on over and over again...wish i could get a refund but i can't."
,Not Recommended,428690,23176485,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SpacexCannon,"In its current state, I absolutely do not recommend this game.First of all, it's incredibly unpolished. More so than quite a few early access games that I've bought. The game suffers from a few semi-gamebreaking glitches as a result of this. The most annoying one by far is a glitch that causes items that you buy to not appear at your house. This glitch is simply fixed by quitting your game and then re-loading again, but sometimes if you've ordered multiple items you have to quit and reload for each of them.Secondly, the grammar is atrocious. I do understand a non-English development team is working on this game, but regardless of that fact this game is just painful to play. Google Translate could do a better job in some cases.These may seem like small gripes, but for a game that currently is being sold at over $15, they make the game not worth its current cost. Wait for this game to either be on sale, or far more developed before you drop money on it."
76561198269339002,Recommended,428690,35006700,Posted: 16 September,all,rooneyback01,a great ideas in the youtube elements but it does get boring later on
,Not Recommended,428690,24031023,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,conor,"At a certain point of the game you just cant manage to do everything. Manage your employees, take care of friends, upload videos, go to events, get enough sleep, buy new games, fullfill things and so on..."
,Recommended,428690,30347640,Posted: 5 March,all,Hawks,Very Addicting. I like how the game goes by very fast! I finished it in 1 week and it was a great gaming experience. I like how you can keep playing for as long as you want after you buy a space station and not go bankrupt. Overall on a scall of 1-10 for this game it would be a 10 for its fun and additction.
,Recommended,428690,23213289,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,KennaPlays,"This game is addicting! I love it.-Still has a lot of bugs (Its an Early Access game so I would expect that) but I still would recommend this game to anyone who wants to play it. I just wished the other stuff was unlocked like cooking, music, fashion and that other stuff.I would rate 7 out of 10 :)"
76561198289935373,Recommended,428690,23177175,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JolieRas,"Entertaining game, interesting concept.  Still a little buggy i.e. shipped boxes don't arrive on time (fix: quit the game and then start it again...may take a couple restarts).  Challenging in that you have to juggle different aspects of life--friends, love life, profesisonal v. friend grey area, work and attempting to excell at youtubing.  The command delay peeves me out but the overall objective of the game is challenging and keeps me playing.Please let us unlock the other youtuber genres like the exercise, music, or lifestyle.  The steam community is full of gamers in real life.  Personally speaking I hate to simulate something I already am in my real life.  Can't I be a cook or a yoga guru for once!  Geez!"
,Recommended,428690,26010884,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[W+M1] DirtyHarry07,This game just makes you fluent in Simlish!
76561198144740179,Not Recommended,428690,23436862,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SebBot,This game starts of fun when you think its youre choice what to do but later you realise that it doent matter and nothing changes.
,Not Recommended,428690,33429941,Posted: 10 July,all,Hyst,"Like always youtubers hype up the game, but in reality it's really boring imo. In 4 hours I lost all interest. Don't reccomend it."
76561198107059587,Recommended,428690,25305601,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,reshiki2001,"Great game, I am still awaiting the additional youtube channels to become available."
76561198307653695,Recommended,428690,23595317,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,deven4ie,"This game is so fun.At start you are very confused but as you play on you know want to do.If your reading this pleaseplay this game,it is worth your money"
,Not Recommended,428690,33452746,Posted: 11 July,all,Aggro,"Exciting for around an hour. Then it becomes rather reptitive, dialogue is never fun. You just have to find out what the person likes and spam that until they like you. It's like a mobile version of the Sims, with a very boring Youtube video creation minigame which gets boring after the 5th try.Very obvious grab for youtube lets players. But that kind of advertisement managed to get me to buy it."
,Recommended,428690,28894334,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lord of all Fandoms,"I love the game but there is an super annoying bug with collaberation that makes it so that your stuck permantnly making a video and its annoying, You literally cant do anything else even after exiting and rejoining, So you gotta make a new save and this is annoying, i rate the game 9.5/10 it will be 10/10 if this annoying bug is fixed."
,Recommended,428690,30691500,Posted: 23 March,all,GhoST_SighT,Awesome Game😊
,Not Recommended,428690,23381262,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dog Morty,"Keep in mind, this review is coming from an early access build.This game is seriously fun, for about two hours. After that everything it just a big grind. I keep making videos and money, but reguardless of what game you make it does not seem to make a difference. I have also hired another youtuber to help me but he doesnt do much.The bugs in this game can be gamebreaking, but I will not harp too much on this as it is early access. I have had several times when I have to alt+f4 out of the game, otherwise I cannot move my character or the camera.TL;DR Early access bugs and there isnt much content to make the grind enjoyable."
76561198003159276,Not Recommended,428690,23154116,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,paulolsen175,"Like the concept, but currently the game is unplayable for me.When I orden new stuff it fails to arrive, or the box appears first then is lost. All purchases after this bug is also lost so it renders the game unplayable.So if you are looking for a smooth running game, this is not it, YET. Will perhaps give a thumbs up once some of the numerous bugs are fixed."
76561198281312659,Recommended,428690,23213544,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,AnDrEs CSGOGem.com,"Highly recommended, is so funny like Sims but with better interactions, and is just the Beta"
76561198213638195,Recommended,428690,23464568,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,lily56421,I really like this game. They're some problem but its still really fun. I cant wait till the full game come out and you dont have to be a gamer youtuber. my main problem is time goes by too fast. Also when you move into bigger houses like the mansion its really hard to see the whole house. I noiced some bugs but it doesnt really effect the gameplay. Over all this is a good game but it could get better and it probably will.
76561198240843466,Recommended,428690,32992263,Posted: 29 June,all,Timmern,Very good game i like it
,Not Recommended,428690,35207311,Posted: 25 September,all,Dovahkiin,"Eh. When you first unlock collab partners, it's very bad financially to try and use them to make videos as they won't net much profit. The partner shouldn't be so expensive in the beginning, it's over a month's rent just for one collab partner per month.Additionally, I was really livid when I spent most of my time in-game levelling up my partner's abilities and skills until one day, I get a call from the ONLY person on my contact list that hates me (because I moved out and started a life for myself???) and hasn't talked to me since like two stages ago (previous houses) suddenly BUYS MY PARTNER OUT WITHOUT ANY WARNING WHATSOEVER??? I just lose my partner who I had a perfect relationship with and spent so much money and time training and talking with and they just instantly change their relationship to me to Hater and now both of them just start trashing my videos whenever I make them for literally no reason and no matter what I do to try and improve our relationship, it doesn't work.Overall, too many negatives and not enough positives, so I don't recommend this game."
76561198287687159,Not Recommended,428690,24638381,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,yurivandenbos,"It's a pretty decent game, but I've reached about 300k subscribers on 3 saves and I can't load them in. When I try to my load my saves the blue bar goes gray and I cant load it anymore."
,Recommended,428690,23061695,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cathy759,"This game is....well, it's okay really. You might want to try it out.You are the Youtuber producing videos. You even get to have a hand in the actual production.However, at this point, you should know some Spanish for the English translation and [numbers don't fit the interface yet]. There is no way to speed up gameplay manually, which is annoying, events overlap and mechanics are generally a little off.Why I still recommend this game?It's only Early Access and HIGHLY ADDICTING.EDIT: THE GAME HAS BEEN/IS BEING UPDATED WELL!Interface and translation problems have been mostly fixed.I'd also like to add that the game has never crashed on me so far."
76561198114113691,Not Recommended,428690,23623577,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Botany Hoe,"This game isn't so bad, but I do find it to be somewhat repetitive."
,Recommended,428690,23907112,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lilrex,"This game is super fun, even tho many of the modes are not in the game, the game is really game dev tycoon from the perspective of the player instead of the developer. It is enjoyable if you like game dev tycoon.I would say tho since it is EA, buy it on sale not at full price.The game has a bunch of major flaws;1. there is no simple way to clear your game library so as you grow in the game you will actually lag hard when it tries to generate your game list2. There is no way to sort your owned games by system3. You can only have x number of consoles4. there is no way to manage your employees progress, level, and videos they produce from just their icon, you have to actualyl track down the person to find this info5. there is a bug where if you click off the computer for a person making a video there is no way to return to the menu so you will have to fire that person and hire a new one6. The game bombards you with too much social stuff that has no impact on your actual game7. there is no way to assign a specific computer to an employee so you have to constantly juggle between them8. You eventually move into a 6 bedroom mansion and a space station but yet you only ever own 1 tv so when you tell 4 people to makes console reviews there is a line up waiting for them to play the game9. the shopping system is beyond stupid, you only need to buy pc parts, games , consoles and food clothing and ikea have no bearing on the outcomeWell thats all my gripes witht he game, I still enjoyed it and had a ton of fun playing it. I logged 17 hrs in 3 days if thats any indication"
76561197968867360,Not Recommended,428690,24170676,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Chrt,"WAIT TILL BUGS IRONED OUTGameplay is quite fun it has the little grind of life thing similar to sims and game dev tycoon.My gripe is the amount of times some things in tutorials would not work especially the sandwich and clothes shopping tutorial had to quit once or twice to get it to work properly.This last bug really got me, I wanted to play collab with my roommate and she just got up and walked away within a minute TWICE! So this forces the issue that I cannot fulfill the upload quests of another person cause im stuck waiting for roommate to sit for a few mins."
,Recommended,428690,23205527,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,J4IMY,This game is amazing!Starting from just 1 sub to a million+ is really cool!Love this game :)
76561198192857359,Recommended,428690,30239457,Posted: 28 February,all,TT31MAN,It's fun in the beginning but then it's just all the same
,Recommended,428690,29225262,Posted: 13 January,all,"It's-a me, Mandy.","Hmm, it's okay. Haven't made that much progress in it but it's nice to spend some time on when you're bored. Also reminds me a tiny bit of the sims etc."
,Recommended,428690,34622349,Posted: 30 August,all,Cart's Nan,Fun for a while but does get repetitive and boring after a while. When you get further on in the game you are able to hire creators to make videos for you and I end up just making them make the videos seeing as I have no desire to go through the process myself anymore.If you can buy this game when its on sale then i definitely recommend. Any price below $10-15 is a good price
,Recommended,428690,25460463,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gunam,"This game has great potential, but is not quite ready yet. I would recommend getting it though."
,Not Recommended,428690,24258414,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Wasteland Soul,I wanted to be a youtuber.Now I'm not so sure.Basically an overpriced and uninteresting Game Dev Sim without being able to swear
76561198056697461,Recommended,428690,26337665,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Foxtrox,"Overall the game is great. its fun to play and you can spend alot of time without getting boredBut Remember!the game is not finished, it still misses alot of features like different channels (there are only 2 options unlocked, which is music and gaming)but the thing i was most sad about was the newest channel option ""music"".... I was hoping i could become the next avicii or Calvin harris... were you would buy a studio and play like a DJ on concerts were there could be a mini game like guitar hero.but other than that, its REALLY fun and i would reccomend you give it a try! :D"
,Not Recommended,428690,30473863,Posted: 12 March,all,Kalytis,"Extremely pleasant game, fun to play, with many settings to handle which makes it unique.BUT filled with way too many bugs. And it looks like the dev' team is not so hurried to fix them, given some of them are here for a long time (sometimes impossible to leave the cinema, some video productions/network missions randomly disappearing from the task list, impossible to attend special network events...). I wish the dev team would communicate way more with us, and give us the opportunity to report bugs efficiently. I think we deserve it, given we payed 25€ for this game.I would recomment only if the bugs were effectively fixed."
76561198359508236,Not Recommended,428690,30482834,Posted: 12 March,all,jhggf020,Buggy and not worth $25
,Not Recommended,428690,24056302,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kirby The Meme Man™,WOW i didn't know a youtuber's life could be so boring....sorry...refunded not recommended
76561198042639382,Not Recommended,428690,29904280,Posted: 13 February,all,Rock Steady,"This game is the reason I lose faith for early access games, I've never bought another early access games since this game is released."
76561198237642748,Not Recommended,428690,29678075,Posted: 3 February,all,kubapl1111,"This game is pretty fun, sometimes it might be repetitive because after you've finished the game there's nothing to do much but it's still pretty fun. But there's one thing that I don't recommend at this stage is that the developers promise to add more content before full release like multiplayer, all channel finished (Well there's actually 3 finished but there are 2 still not released) etc. I think it should be early access a bit longer so they can add the content that they promised but they didn't add them."
,Not Recommended,428690,25582014,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,CptnCoconut,"So, this was a game that struck me a while back as a title deserving at least a look. I finally got around to it recently, and I'm regretfully sorry to say that I'm sorely disappointed in what I got. I play games like Software, Inc. & Mad Games Tycoon on a weekly basis. I'm a huge fan of economics strategy/simulator games, and take pride in my skill in them.Don't get me wrong, I was drawn into this game like many others due to the stylistic nature and interesting subject choice. I like the cohesive aesthetic, the stylistic choices, and the general loose feel of the game. I indeed like the video editing activity, upgrading my setup, and even talking with people. Even if the video editing itself feels somewhat flawed, I still like it.I would like to see the video editing take a less RNG-method of approach. It's very frustrating to sit down with an economy simulation title and be given a scenario with variables I can't control. The deck of cards is an interesting way to give character to my videos, but it's also an interesting way to unnecessarily frustrate the player. It feels like a rock, paper, scissors game when I only have two options at a time. Furthermore, the editing process itself feels almost flawed. Lining up arrows is a good way to identify smooth or rough transitions in a final video, but it feels like I'm constantly harassed by them, as well. I need some way to quickly identify how my arrows are going to turn out without being thrown to the wolves about it.Secondly, I'm actually rather upset how the NPCs in this game treat the protagonist. The roommate comes in and commandeers my computer, my primary method of making money, and I get no say? People barge in my house and demand I go somewhere with them immediately or they won't like me as much? I get blasted for wanting some semblance of privacy? People constantly bombard the player with absolutely ridiculous requests, and often the player can't do anything about them. It's absolutely infuriating to finally get time to make a video, when suddenly the screen fills with an insane amount of absolute garbage people want done first. I don't have time for their problems, when their problems feel like the focus of the game.On the topic of time, the game moves incredibly too fast. It honestly feels like the game is forcing me to constantly use up all my time as part of the mechanic. I buy a game one day, and can't actually make a video on it for 8 days. This is because either my computer has been comandeered, people who should be 'my friends' think I'm the only friend in the world they have, or I just spent 48 hours editting because I dared to stop and think about how to order the pieces. Then, I get a call on my phone and lose subscribers because I just want to be left alone, and the internet thinks I'm a heartless monster because of it. Then at last, when it's time to get a new game, the most recent one is a week old and I have no possible way of knowing (what is the internet again?) what games are coming out.Finally, what truly gets my goat about this game is that it almost feels like there is no playstyle freedom or replay value available here. The consoles are the first problem; when all I own is a PC and all I want to own is a PC, that should be just as viable as owning everything. I constantly get invitations to upcoming games on other platforms that I've never played on. That makes no sense to begin with. On top of the consoles, though, is the 'story' of the game. It makes the whole game feel like it's on rails and I don't get the choice of doing anything how I like. I'm forced to have all the consoles, I'm forced to go to all the events, and worst of all: I'm forced to have collaborators and roommates. I understand the use of roommates, but it should be a choice. I understand the value of collaborators, but it should (again) be a choice. I understand the value of having all of the consoles, but it should be (one more time) a choice. In fact, the game is so badly railed up that I found it actually difficult to make a poor choice other than getting banned.I can't say that my opinion won't change, which is why I'm not refunding the game at this point. However, I won't be recommending this game to anyone unless some of these poorly designed mechanics change. I truly do think this game has potential, but it's far from realized."
,Recommended,428690,25220957,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kdpuppy,"I noticed that a lot of times when companies asked us to make a video, the description was cut off due to the space of the pop up and I didn't get to read the last sentences. I enjoyed the game, but there are quite a few bugs.Vlogging doesn't always work and accepting awards for subscriber count never loaded properly; it stayed at 96% forever, and I waited 30 minutes at the 100,000 mark. It's impossible to get collaborators to work if they're dancing when you ask them to do something: they just start dancing forever. It also should be noted that you can't choose which computer your character uses to chat online :/ Also camera angles on selfies are very odd and there are settings that don't seem to be usable. I got kicked out of the network for not doing the requested videos even though I had done them because for some reason it didn't register that I had done them. I flirted with many people to get the friendship level I needed to invite them to certain events but I could only romance girls (I was playing as a girl), as none of the male characters reacted positively to romantic options except for giving gifts, where they blushed lol. When I got married the event was scheduled twice, though the second time it said my partner got cold feet ;-; I noticed more than a few typos, though that's translation issues.It's an entertaining game, and I didn't have as much trouble with the pace as some people seem to have had. I noticed that the other channels never really got sub counts above 4K...so I was technically #1 YouTuber after a couple of in game weeks. That's probably a bug. I will say that I already had some knowledge of how the game worked, and that helped a lot, as the tutorials can be quite confusing and don't cover everything. They also cover up the buttons you need to press sometimes. I don't know if this was supposed to happen or not, but my roommate never spent more than half a second on the computer. It never really affected anything or added another layer to the game. It ended up just being semi annoying text bubbles. I would say that getting to know the layout of the houses is REALLY important. It's hard to switch between floor views and finding where things are when you first move after the school dorm is really difficult.TL;DR: I'd recommend it, it's pretty fun IF you can deal with the bugs. I'm waiting for the music channel to be released, cuz I'm more or less finished with the game; no more big goals except for achievements. And trading cards. I like trading cards."
,Recommended,428690,30292495,Posted: 3 March,all,vat,"5/10 It's really fun and all. Has major similarities to the sims.. although unlike the sims. It's super repetitive. You're constantly having to make videos, work, and keep up your friendslist. Nothing is really interesting, the goals are pretty basic. Just a bunch of time management and math. Still fun. Try it out."
76561198219586269,Not Recommended,428690,23985782,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,spinbotter.exe,this is the worst game ever it is only fun at the start and then it is boring plz ♥♥♥♥ off
,Recommended,428690,23979270,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✪ jon4th4n412,OMFG THIS GAME ROCKS!!!!Best game ever. Better than sims series or any other tycoon games!-Install the Game-Play for the first time-Quit the game-Watch Tips and Tricks for you tubers life game.-Go back and play-Reach Level 50-Reach 7 mil subsTHEN U START ALL OVER AGAIN FROM ZERO SUBS:)
,Recommended,428690,31747665,Posted: 14 May,all,The Female Doctor,I kinda like the new update...
,Recommended,428690,33320335,Posted: 6 July,all,Turtle Studios Gaming,"This is a very good game! It simulates how being a youtuber really is like but faster (for gameplay sake)! There are some minor bugs which can easily be fixed. But overall this is a very good, fun game!"
76561197991587929,Not Recommended,428690,35426380,Posted: 2 October,all,Tim,"This one is a tough call............lots of promises that were not delivered on. I remember when I picked it up thinking how great it will be when they add more career paths, more options on what to do. choices etc. All those things were promised, and even though some of the gameplay was somewhat repetitive, I didn't mind because it was enjoyable working toward a better place, more earnings etc. But then one day I decided to see when the next big update might be.......and I looked and saw it wasn't early access any more........it was full release. I was slightly shocked because I was wondering where all the new content was that was promised......not only that but now the game is $28..........doesn't feel worth it. I'm only glad that I picked it up when it was on sale and I got it for about 10 bucks. That's about the top price tag I'd put on this to be honest, unless they do release a major update - for free - I wouldn't bother with it, unless it gets some major updates. It's too bad because it really had such promised, and it IS somewhat fun, but you will get bored with it after a while and with limited career path options, it just takes so much of the fun out of it. Hopefully one day someone else will come out with a game and it will be what this should have been.It's definitely not terrible, so don't think that, just not worth anywhere near the price tag they have on it. I'd suggest only getting it when it's on a mega sale. For ranking, I give it a 6/10.Can't recommend it in its current state though.........."
76561198277607687,Not Recommended,428690,35393714,Posted: 1 October,all,gamerdudety,When I got this game I was excited. But it gets boring really fast I reccomend You dont buy it I wont stop you but I reccomend you dont
,Recommended,428690,30259636,Posted: 1 March,all,Falcon,The music update is fun.Get the game on sale or something though. It's not that fun.
76561198100008240,Recommended,428690,23211819,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jlubird,"I personally have never played the Sims, but what I have seen this game is similar. There is no major tutorial, but just look online and youll find one. I am addicted to this game. For all the people that say wait to buy it, I ask why? If you wait till the game is fully realeased, it will be more expensive. $15 may seem like alot to some people, but really compared to other sim games it is a bargin *Cough* Sims 4 *cough*. Yes, there are bugs, but nothing that a restart can't fix. Bugs are to be expected, no game is bug free, ever. This game is in Early Access meaning that it is not a complete game. Some people do not realize what Early Access means. They are thinking about Ark: Survival Evolved and Shell Shock Live, games that are fully, or almost fully, complete. That is not what Early Access is restricted to."
76561198131571951,Recommended,428690,23803033,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,a.stirling1,its a vary fun game :)
,Not Recommended,428690,30187859,Posted: 25 February,all,Naify,The concept of the game is alright; a bit ridiculous but honestly with the mechanics they had a good game.However it takes such a long time (and I mean like days) to get to each level; and the ways to get there become tedious.This game is also extremely buggy which makes the experience worse.Just watch some youtubers play it and save your money.
76561198062615358,Recommended,428690,23199233,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,NewbiePlays_Rave,"9/10,Great Game.It's just like you are playing yourself if you are a YouTuber.Recommend all people to give this game a try!You wont regard it."
,Recommended,428690,23280599,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lewwy :D,"This game is fun and exciting. With the ability to customise anything from your setup to the games you play and also the types of videos you want to create, This game has so much potential. -Lewis"
76561198005189695,Not Recommended,428690,34967696,Posted: 15 September,all,[BoS]Daniel,Game still on the beginning and yet developers make it a full release from alpha plus not longer making new updates3/10
76561198169034415,Not Recommended,428690,26155153,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,no1liveshere,"This game is.... well its ok. Honastly its not worth the 16 dollars I bought. This is one of those games you'd only buy if it was on sale. I think they should lower the price to about $8. Im not saying its a bad game, just only buy it if you have a few dollars lying around. i would give this game a 2.5/5. before you buy this game, you have to relise its not a full game."
,Recommended,428690,33315199,Posted: 6 July,all,oNyx,Just like sims
76561198134458153,Not Recommended,428690,35486154,Posted: 4 October,all,blue †oŋϒ,This game has so much missing content and have removed very important parts of the game and still have shards of the stuff they removed but if your ok that thiers alot of stuff missing then go ahead and buy but other wise if not DONT BUY IT
76561198168298348,Not Recommended,428690,23150599,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ceenaboons,"Nice game, but it gets very boring and repetitive throughout. I got a bug where my packages never come. Restarted, and they came. BUT THEY AINT COMING AFTER I RESTART ANYMORE.Wait for the bugs to be fixed"
,Recommended,428690,33490659,Posted: 12 July,all,angelikmayhem,"It's fun but eventually becomes quite repetitive.  As a former YouTuber myself, I know that focusing on one game for a really long time can be the key to making it to millions of subs in a hurry. Instead, this game focuses exclusively on playing as many different games (or singing as many different songs or cooking as many different recipes) as you can.  Although, this forced diversity works in the cooking one and that's the one I played the longest.However, the minigames are basically the same puzzle played over and over again until you memorize the sequence. Also, there's a diminishing returns thing that happens making it harder to earn money later instead of easier -- which was odd.I have mixed feelings, but ultimately I'll recommend it.  I bought it on sale, so it's great for $12. It was interesting and fun for the first 18 hours, but then died so hard that even unlocking new swanky apartments didn't help."
,Not Recommended,428690,23875888,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nothingreal,"There are some good things here to be sure.. but this isn't really well executed. It's kind of like an extremely light version of the Sims clumsily mashed up with a shallow tycoon game.Pros:- The core mechanics of the tycoon game are good- Some interesting ideas- decent presentation (nice graphical style)- The early progression is interesting and pretty fun.Cons:- The life sim elements are clumsy and not really all that good.- it doesn't take long for the game to get redundant- honestly, it's just not much fun after an hour or two- a lot of the mechanics need to be tuned (early access, so it will be fixed...)- The UI sucksThe worst part of this package is how it really doesn't square with the realities of YouTube (or twitch) game videos. For example, if a Minecraft analog were in this game, you'd be successful recording a first look and a couple of game play videos, but your audience would start downranking you for 'playing the same game' over and over again.. It makes no sense.For a lot of YouTubers that is the business.. they have hundreds and hundreds of episodes of a small number of games rather than a small number of videos for all of the games. If they can't sort out that very basic dynamic the game sits on a false premise."
,Recommended,428690,23174990,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TMFaisal,"Basically, a game where I play as myself :)"
76561198339567896,Recommended,428690,30181094,Posted: 25 February,all,thewiseoldwizard,"Super fun and straight forward game!Can be a little tedious at times, but for me personally that's what I like. Easy way to kill a few hours, and relax."
76561198222951668,Not Recommended,428690,32380937,Posted: 12 June,all,pls fuck me,"I have played this game alot but all of a sudden i realized that it's getting extremely repetive. If there could be more features added to this game, the ratings would probaly go higher. Overall, youtubers life is not really recommeded (in my opnion)"
76561198309109702,Recommended,428690,29995449,Posted: 17 February,all,Sincere Woody,"It's a very fun game, would recommend to anyone who likes the sims."
,Not Recommended,428690,23144800,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Aziel csgoroll.com,ADD CHECKPOINTS PLEASE. The first time I played the game I loved it I just wanted to play more and more till I got game over and then it got a little bit boring and the third time was not fun at all. Without checkpoints this game will not be fun to play. Maybe not have checkpoints everywhere for example you can have so you have to replay from 1 or 2 appartments if you get game over. And the tutorial thing is really annyoing when you already know how to play.Great game but please add checkpoints or something that will not make it boring when you get game over. I only gave it a dislike so more people would notice this and if you see this please comment so more will see.
76561198120834400,Not Recommended,428690,23943939,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pitty,"I guess it is interesting at first, but soon as you get into it, it turns repetative and quite boring. I wouldn't recommend it because I believe its a waste of money."
,Recommended,428690,30844551,Posted: 30 March,all,The Cyborg,fun game hours of fun and a few times for me pauinful game overs so close but nill. totally a gamer worth playing over and over
76561198310576908,Not Recommended,428690,31286692,Posted: 21 April,all,*****,"Warning: I haven't played this game for a while, it may have changed.It was tedious, bland, and overall boring. I got bored after 4 hours. I played FTL for 72 by comparison, and would still play again willingway. Here's why:1. The social interactions are basically choose to do one of six actions and it might be good ot bad.2. All you do is eat, sleep, make videos (pretty boring stuff), and maybe socially.3. There is no plot.4. All it is a more tedious and bland version of life with fewer options, diversity, skill, and coices don't really matter.Long story short, you're better off interacting with real people or playing FTL or Convey. All have more depth, more potential, and more interesting plot."
,Not Recommended,428690,30469046,Posted: 12 March,all,I QUIT,This game is probably designed for minecraft ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,428690,23974631,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Frostbite,"I was extremely intrigued by this game at first, but after an hour of playing, it just got extremely repetitive.It's a really unique idea for a game, and I can definitely see this game improving and becoming amazing with more updates, but as of right now, it's really not worth 15$.Some things that I think should be focused on soon are:Time: Seriously? A day literally goes by in approximately 30 seconds. This is definitely the biggest problem I have with this game.I understand wanting to speed up the game, considering some stuff takes ""time"" to do in the game (waiting for what you ordered online, waiting for your videos to upload, working, etc) but it honestly needs to be re-evaluated a little. Making this more like time in The Sims Games will help out a LOT. It's also worth mentioning how there aren't many ways that the game actually pauses, and while you are making a video and are deciding on what to do, time flies before you eyes. It's ridiculous, especially for people like me who like to think about their options.The Social System: I really disliked this a lot as well. Literally every 10 seconds, you'd get an annoying pop-up asking to chat or go to a party, especially when you're in the middle of doing something. This needs to be limited, while still offering the bonuses you get by doing these things. Also, chatting online takes up so much time, it made me just consistantly decline everyone's chat offer.Aside from those big things, I also think that you should get reminders on when to pay your bills, as I had a really bad habit of not looking at the clock and then realizing I was overdue on bills because I was too busy fixing my computer instead of saving up for the month.I also think that when people ask you to make videos for them, it only happens if you already have the game console needed to play the game. I failed two objectives just because I didn't have the proper console for the games and I couldn't buy the consoles because I needed to use my money for other things.Also for the love of god, get my roomate out of my room and make him stop messing with stuff.Like I said before, this game has the potential to be amazing, but it's downsides are dragging it down a lot. It needs work.I will keep my eye on this game and its update progress, and I will gladly write a more positive review whenever the time comes."
76561198361544440,Not Recommended,428690,34152123,Posted: 10 August,all,novontytrent,I finished the game in 11 hours like srsly paid 25$ btw
,Recommended,428690,31944556,Posted: 24 May,all,Aphelion,"This is a game with many features.Buying Clothes/Cloth Management.Unique GameplayTons of furnishing optionsRelationships and even marriage!These key points make this game great. Every playthrough is unique, and it will never become stale, especially with all the new content changes, updates, and overall patches.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,428690,23436158,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Beleth,"This is a lit game yo, TBH its not even that easy, after playing this game i realize i could never live on my own, who can oh my god. i work like 5 jobs in a row for like 30$ each. just to buy new games to please my subscribers and event hen they all hate me, But its okay, because i hit on all the boys when i get invited to the movies, I have a really ugly boyfriend, he looks about 50 and has the worst mustache, but hes the only man who wants all of this. Its okay though, because once i become the famous youtubve im meant to be, i'll get alllll the boys"
76561198244002660,Not Recommended,428690,23604829,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,michaellemper,"This game is somewhat fun in the beggining, but it gets really (and I mean REALLY) repetitive. The parties and other events just aren't fun. All you really do is talk to people, and make the occcasional vlog or interview (which you usually have no lightbulbs for). I think that the whole editing process is really poorly explained. I didn't even know that you actually had to pair the different studs with the parallel ones. The game has a lot of bugs, but I presume that is only becaue the game is in early access. I would reccomend this game if you are okay with the repetitive nature. If you are not okay, then don't get this game. I think the game is overpriced for what it offers. But it is still in early access, so it could better as time progresses. As of this point in time, I give the game a 2/5."
76561198147676366,Recommended,428690,23373260,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Kaede  赤松 楓,Mom: If you don't stop playing and study you wont get a job and you will be homeless!-Makes a Youtube Channel--In a Year and a half is already at a ♥♥♥♥ing Mantion for playing to many videogames.--Funds a space program--Turns his house into a Space stacion-Me: So.... uh... When will I be homeless?
,Not Recommended,428690,23103103,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[RedHand] HRRNighthawk,"Got to level 3 and then got a point that unlocks different kinds of videos.  The menu where you assign that point immediately crashes the game every time.  I love early access games, and i expect bugs.  However, bugs that completely limit you from playing the game before even exiting the tutorial are a bit much."
,Recommended,428690,23816866,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,hellcase.com society.gg,"7 hours in, i cant moveGame overanother win for isis10/10 would buy 10 pizza for $150 againBut waitthere's moreI try to make a collab video for COF 2but I change at the same timeIt gets stuckI am forever posing infront of a mirrorOkay, thats enough, I'm leavingHold upOne moreThis is the most accurate loading simulatorI tried to buy my fellow collaborator a new rigIt takes 5 in game hrsEnd my suffering69/420 i would blaze again"
76561198274010402,Recommended,428690,28830938,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tuxman52,this game is awesome you can play it for hours and months and if you complete one channal there are other ones with diffrent things to do this is an awesome game you shold get this game i rilly enjoyed it my self
,Recommended,428690,23909954,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yasiel Puig,"I'm loving this game!Seriously, I don't know what it is about life-related simulation games but I love them. Youtuber's Life is a different take ""The Sims"" series, focusing on the life of your created character's youtube career.There is many knock-off games, systems, and hardware for your computer. I like the references to real life titles and objects, such as ""Half-lie"" for the PC.This game is in early access, so expect some issues and strange occurences. I would love to see what the game turns out to become with updates. Content is only going to increase from this point.All the hype and rave reviews for this game is real; I highly suggest you should try it!"
,Recommended,428690,24418003,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,westtblaster811,This games  10/10=I wish they will have A DLC if there going to be A DLC it will make it better!-westtblaster811
76561198032120046,Not Recommended,428690,23883054,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Meatshield 219,"Essentially Game Dev Tycoon:  Video Editor Edition.  Bought it during the Steam Summer Sale, and still overpaid for it.  As most of the other reviews say, the in-game clock does move a little quick, and the study mechanic does get a little tedious.  Once you move out of the first house, the study option is replaced with balancing your team of youtubers who are fantastic at goofing off at work and are incapable of functioning on their own, meaning you barely get to focus on making videos anymore, and instead start clicking like a crazy person trying to keep pace with the clock.  This game does have sandwiches, however, which I do approve of."
76561198307512185,Not Recommended,428690,23904983,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,scottallen3,"I watched youtubers playing this and it looked great, but it wasn't really for the £10.99 price tag"
,Not Recommended,428690,29221655,Posted: 13 January,all,skelewat,"Alright, this is a comepletely changed review, yet still a negative one. Keep reading, kids, this gets bumpy.To start off, the game is all around a buggy mess. The frame-rate drops to strange, and consistant lows when recording as a gaming channel, a bug caused my HUD to completely disappear, basically halting any further progress, and these are just two examples out of many, many that I'm too reluctant to list because in the case that I did, my fingers would be grated off like an hour of cheese vs. a grater.The lack of options and context in the whole game is painful.First, the cards. The cards use facial expressions to show the general sitting of the card in what sort of mood it shows, but in some situations, this is absolutely ridiculous. I'll discuss this more in the next section.Next, the cards, again. The cards have descriptions written on them, to give you a basic understanding of what is going on when you click the card, but I don't know why it shows a 'puzzled' face, with the caption: 'You start talking off-topic', about a loading screen.If I know anything about youtube, I'd know that talking off-topic on a loading screen is not something to leave in, but apparently, you're supposed to stick to the one and holy type of editing that you're allowed to get away with here.I know that 'Youtubers Life', which is what it's referred to, no apostrophe, is not a one to one replication of a Youtuber's life, but I still can't tell whether it's a replication of life how repititious this game is, or just a major design flaw.You work or study, make a video, eat, sleep, and repeat. No bits or bobs. You don't even have to make friends in this game, since there are no boundaries pushing you to keep friends. Sometimes, a friend will ask you to come to a movie with you, which is fine, but there is no reward except wasting your time.The character creation is dumb, at the very least. All the characters look bland and unappealing, with the little choice you get for any sort of hair, any sort of clothing, the eyes, the mouth, and the glasses; it's all so.. BLAND. There's not enough options, and none of the options we have are appealing.Sometimes the game bugs out and shows me the game in spanish, which is either a terrible bug, or a case of missing content for the English audiences.'Youtubers Life' is not a game I'd reccomend, unless they really do something to change it.It's all around a boring experience, and it's not fleshed out enough to be a full release.Character creation was one of the main things that got me interested, yet they still failed to keep me interesting, in both the game and the creation.Come on, U-Play, don't let this game be another Evolve. Get us interested! Add something that'll really change how the game is played! Give us a reason to make friends! Give us a reason to play, give us incentive!Ugh.. just.. give us the game when it's finished. No-one was ultra-hyped for Youtubers Life, it would've been a bigger sucess if you had just given us a finished game and added content to that.I wouldn't buy this game until U-Play fixes the bugs, adds new content, and adds some real REASON to play.It's not fun, it's not appealing, and you gave us that. That, and nothing on top. It's like giving someone a cake on their birthday, but the cake is made out of paper mache and cardboard."
76561198098270153,Recommended,428690,32898941,Posted: 27 June,all,noahcasper,"I'm sure people have already seen YouTubers playing this and therefore know what the game is about.It is what it is. Could be a lot better, but it is not bad. After all, simulating something that is both a career and a lifestyle can't be easy.Plusses:It is incredibly easy.It has a Sims-like element to it.There's objectives to make the game interesting.Character's mood and needs play into the quality of the video.Minusses:It's repetitive.Relationships are hard to build and maintain.Costumization is very limited."
76561198241619362,Recommended,428690,23977164,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RM | golden _shot,grate game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,428690,23698375,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Beep Boop,"TL;DR: Youtuber's Life gradually becomes repetitive, tedious, stressful, and eventually boring. Wait until the full game is released. As of now, it's simply not worth $15.(I know this game is early access, so I'll give it the benefit of the doubt). I'll be honest, I really wanted to like this game as of now. Unfortunately, the game just isn't meeting my standards as a fun game I'd play 24/7. Sure, I was addicted at first, but then I realized the game gets reptitive and rather tedious. It gets repetitive because... well... all you're doing is editing and posting videos. That's a lie actually, you do partake in other various activities, but they aren't any better than the main objective (editing and posting videos). It's tedious for the same reasons as it is repetitive. While you're recording yourself ""playing"" a game, you have a selection of 3 ""reaction cards"" to choose from based on the event. This gets tedious because the events don't exactly vary. Your friends can become very needy, clingy, and sensitive; if you don't talk to them for too long they will become agitated and your friendship slowly decreases. Since every hour is around 2-3 seconds, you have almost no time to hang out with anyone since your subscribers are as well needy and can be picky too. So hanging out with friends merely becomes a chore.The game can eventually become stressful for some as well, because as your channel's subscriber count increases, your channel increases; therefore demand increases, causing stress levels to increase as well."
,Not Recommended,428690,23751941,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Marsh,"UPDATE 2/6/2017: LOLWAT?!? The game is ""Complete enough"" for release, apparently. I am definitely going to try for a refund. This is ridiculous.Original Review: Not much to do. It's a pretty shallow simulator. It doesn't really bring to life your character. It's just bland decision, after bland decision. It fails at being a engaging realistic sim, and/or a fun non-realistic sim.Not really much worth going for here. It's best defining feature is its cheap price tag, and hopes that the Early Access gives it better features over time."
76561198135758508,Not Recommended,428690,23782041,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,EnergyBeing,"Ultimately I was disappointed with this game. It has a fairly interesting premise, aside from the youtube star bit, where it tries to combine a life simulator and a work simulator into the same game, the sad part is that generally it fails at both.I didn't play this game for long, mostly because the gameplay was boring, very, very boring. It also didn't help that the controls were clunky, which is amazing because it's just a point and click game and half of the time it didn't even register when I was clicking on an object. There's also the fact that even though my computer can play games with HD graphics perfectly fine, and handles their load well, this game lagged like crazy. I have no idea what's going on inside of the game that that happens, that a point and click style game with cartoon-style models lags when I can play much more advanced games just fine. But that's it for this portion of my review.Generally, it just wasn't entertaining. The time in the game moves much too fast, with one hour being a handful of seconds, and in the amount of time it takes me to chose which options to use on a video a few in game hours can go by. Not to mention the fact that it just feels awkward. Like I know that you're supposed to feel a sense of progression over time in the game, but if I'm not having even a little bit of fun by the end of my first hour playing the game it's just not worth the time investment for me.I wouldn't recommend this game."
,Recommended,428690,24202027,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,benjamin.mufc.howard,Very good game I bet when people heard about this: oh it's another junky youtube simulator. When it feels like a sim expansion pack.Things i'd like to be added:A fun meter: You play a game without recording or you go outside and play but treat it like workingthe ability to go shopping: So that you don't have to waita dedicated youtuber convention: like a vidicon or something
76561198255256237,Recommended,428690,23901281,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SpencerxDamon,Youtubers life is an awesome game and Is very cheap
,Not Recommended,428690,23942821,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ToTo,After 6 hours it gets boring
76561198058489095,Recommended,428690,23855049,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,The Lost,"Read the review where people said in almost every single one of them that the time fly too fast and you dont have to do anything. I was hesitating to buy the game for about 24 hours then I decided I would give it a go! Started slowly with low expectation as to how well I would appreciate the game but I got hooked really fast and I did not want to leave the game at all. I ended up playing for about 10 hours straight! I have beaten the game but now i just want to see how far I will get with these subscriber!Pros- The game looks good even though it looks like mii's or something- You really get addicted to the money and the subcriber- Yes the time goes fast but it add a bit of difficulty to a game that is very easy to play- 4-5 houses in which you can play, pay your rent, eat and make youtube videos- Many different people to talk and recruteCons- Discussion with the people are actualy nothing and only takes time- When you get in the big houses it becomes a bit obnoxious with all the stairs-  Video editing does not change a lot, even if you mess up ( not in the beginning ) people will like and subcribe to you- As soon as you leave your mom's house the game is very easy  ( still fun, but easy )All in all, this is an early access game, already very good and i would not be mad to buy this quality for a full game. Even better is he fact that the Dev are going to change and add a few things until it comes out officialy and i am very hyped about that, I will redo the full game many times in the upcoming weeks.I give this an easy 8/10 hoping that the devs are going to add some difficulty or at least different options, still the game is awesome. I recommend!"
,Not Recommended,428690,23989549,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,PeteUplink,"This game has potential to be really good. However, at the moment it's a bit basic and very repetative. It needs more things to do than the make videos, study, sleep, eat cylce it has now... It may get more interesting later on, but I've been unable to play past the first hour due to boredom.Will check back to see how it's doing in a few months and adjust this review accordingly."
,Recommended,428690,24002792,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Eaqi,I can't move into a house in this game something pops up that the house is to small and I need to move but I try doing everything I can but nothing happends plz help me!!!! Also I can't go to gameworld it does not pop up on my calendar help me plz!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,428690,23875594,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr.Brightside,play it all night long until morningi would like to recommend this game
,Not Recommended,428690,23964466,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SendMoonsen,"Do you like Sims?BUY THE GAME, because it is just a bad Sims...*drop mic*"
,Not Recommended,428690,23966936,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,John Cena,"Not worth the price, even on sale for $12.74. Its a game but kinda repetitive like make a video everday, which basically explains the title but the game itself is good. I would recommend possibly picking it up may with 50% of..."
,Recommended,428690,23432966,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Zaprixi - aka Mango,I made a video where i was really tired...Got a comment:You look tired.Cassie11/10 I would definitely play this game again.
76561198070612659,Recommended,428690,23895254,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Abaddon_Almighty,"The game is fun but has some glaring issues that other people have mentioned. For one there are no time controls like there are in The Sims which isn't a problem in itself but does mean that you have to sit and watch your character eat for a while and it's very boring, as well as this time does move too quickly, despite your character moving slowly.It also annoys me that a youtube video takes around 2 days to upload and during that time I can't use my computer at all, not for online shopping, gaming, chatting with friends. Speaking of which I can't talk to friends on my phone? Seriously?My biggest issue is that the games convention only happens once. I missed it the first time around or perhaps my game bugged, because I don't recall having the option to go, and now I'm stuck living with my ♥♥♥♥♥ of a mother for all eternity because if you don't go to the convention no one asks you to move in with them. I've waited a full year in the game for the next convention to come around but it didn't. Now I'm stuck, my channel has around 500,000 subs and I have nearly $8k in the bank but I can't leave my mother's flat and have to listen to her whining about my grades forever.I hope these problems get fixed and that they're just shortcomings due to it being early access rather than intended game features."
,Recommended,428690,24614447,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,|CC| Turbíček hellcase.com,"sleep, eat, record video, go to the party/cinema AAAAAAAAAAAAND repeat"
76561198276603704,Not Recommended,428690,23811422,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Skulllord,they never told me how to pay my bills and i lost my apartment my relationship my mic desktop and many more
,Recommended,428690,32876706,Posted: 27 June,all,TAiLOF,cool game
,Recommended,428690,23980806,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Don Pastrami,"I reccomend this game but I have to point out a few things:1. PC breaks down too often, make the rate less2. Whenever someone invites me to a party/movie, I go to Orders but I don't see it anywhere3. Some game text shows the code instead of the actual text. EG: movie_agenda instead of Movie Tonight4. Consoles are too expensive especially the Z-Box 360.5. Increase the amount of money made by likes and subs."
76561198020542825,Not Recommended,428690,24010895,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kwankwokcheung,"I have played so little due to the game time is running too fast.If the game time can be run slowly or pause for a player to play, I think it is a gd game....But sadly, the early access is..... it stopped me playing again...."
76561198332984979,Recommended,428690,34152401,Posted: 10 August,all,AshTheGamer,"Now, when I started up the game I knew that it was going to be fun. But when I played it, how wrong I knew I was! The simulation is so perfect, earning subscribers is always a joy and achieving a family is the best. Though the price is way too overpriced!"
76561198285412226,Recommended,428690,33468677,Posted: 11 July,all,canapugbark83,"To be honest, this game is great. The concept and gameplay is very investing and you have to pay attention, otherwise you'll miss something. I like how you can actually experience a simulation of how being a YouTuber works. For example: If you ever look at the ratio of real YouTube views to likes, it would look like the view to like ratio in Youtubers Life. So, I like the realism. Another thing I like is how you have to work to progress. Like all games, there has to be a difficult way to progress in a game. For this, it's either money or subscribers. For both of these issues, when you get high enough in the game, you could definitely hire collaborators to make video while you work to make extra cash. This results in more money you dont earn from videos and more subscribers if the content is good. The only thing I dislike is how a game becomes less and less popular very quickly. I understand that the game counts hours in the game differently than others but the games seem to lessen in popularity faster than they should. Either way, I rate this game:8.5/10"
,Recommended,428690,33500465,Posted: 13 July,all,LadySwineHeart,"I purchased the game yesterday and honestly, I am enjoying it due to the fact that I am a huge fan of tychoon games.  I recommend this game as a activity to help pass the time, I was waiting for my husband while playing and ended up playing until dinnertime. Totally worth the price that I payed for it. I love the fact that it tests you to think outside of the box and really imagine what you would do if you were able to raise to the top of a career and turn it into a business for yourself. Quite interactive. The only thing that I didn't like is the 'Mom' character, who will complain about not studying even though I did at least 3 times a day. Weird, is that a glitch? I still recommend the game if you're looking for a time-passer and a interactive experience."
,Recommended,428690,34516032,Posted: 26 August,all,CringeMaster,"It's really fun. I hope they make some patches to fix some bugs like the VIP party not regestering. I feel it needs more channel types, like vlogging. Overall an amazing game and I would tell someone toget this game but I feel it is more like worth $10-$15 then $25."
,Recommended,428690,33703305,Posted: 21 July,all,WallhackDave,Its a fun game to play when you're alone
,Recommended,428690,35390617,Posted: 1 October,all,V3 S3thPlayz,"I recently had this game on mobile, but I got it for computer. I only had the gaming edition for mobile. This game though on computer... IT'S TO BEAUTIFUL FOR MEEEEE"
76561198372131372,Recommended,428690,35434321,Posted: 2 October,all,StarlightMew,"Just like Being a real youtube but in a game,In Youtubers Life you can be one off 3 types of youtubers - Musician, Gamer or ChefWell made cartton style game, defintely worth the money."
76561198337136285,Recommended,428690,35430853,Posted: 2 October,all,The Aquatic AJ,this is good. but i have a question. how can i study but still make tons of subs?
76561198156715638,Recommended,428690,35484294,Posted: 4 October,all,Arians,great game if you're bored and got tons of free time like me.lul
76561198351386894,Recommended,428690,35436628,Posted: 2 October,all,Pusheen,"I like this game its good but its gets kinda boring after a while, so if you are saving and dontn have a lot of money + get borad easly i defently DONT recommend this game. But other wise i like the game for a week the I play it next mounth."
,Not Recommended,428690,30439069,Posted: 10 March,all,Ch3ls3ab0t,"The concept is fun and it's not a bad game, honestly. I will continue to play it eventually. But it tends to get repetetive quite quickly. Also freezes and crashes quite often. In it's current state, I would not recommend. But in the future or if it goes on sale for super cheap, sure."
76561198059655950,Not Recommended,428690,30490200,Posted: 13 March,all,krizmanic13,"Whats with the game over taking me from 89,000 subs back to 4,000?wasted 3 hours for nothing"
,Recommended,428690,26006625,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Al Gore,"Fun for a little bit... eh, its ok."
76561198368901184,Recommended,428690,30243668,Posted: 28 February,all,ffioncallaghan06,This game is very good- but I'd like to see more channel types becoming available.
,Not Recommended,428690,31720262,Posted: 13 May,all,hungry_friend,"Honestly felt like a chore. Repetitive, too fast paced for time management clicker, not many things to do in the game, boring relationship mechanics. All you're gonna do is make videos, buy new materials for new videos, eat, sleep, occasionally watch movies, rinse and repeat. Why would a gamer play as a no lifer."
,Recommended,428690,25298369,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PugWizardPlays,8/10 good game but would advise you to wait until another major update before getting it.
,Recommended,428690,31689806,Posted: 11 May,all,tmossboss,"Even though I played a little bit of this game, It's just like YouTube in real life. I started YouTube after I was done with school so I didn't have to worry about my mom busting in my room yelling I need to study. Then you upload that video that goes really viral and even though it's a video game, I still got excited when I seen my video blowing up because it's just like that in real life. I heard bad stuff about this game because I guess you don't have a whole lot to do after you mastered it but that's YouTube even in real life. Once when you got a bunch of subs and views, What else is there to do after? Star in movies, Help other YouTubers grow, Start a brand and etc. but other than that, I think this game is great and it's a great learning experience for YouTubers in case you don't know what to do."
,Recommended,428690,31676224,Posted: 10 May,all,zenustanking,"It's like a reality, and lot of tasks to take care of yourself and your life.  It's great for young to understand the responsbility with chores, education, and financial as well as friendship/relationship.  What a great game!!"
,Recommended,428690,23843142,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[Anon] Bugzy Malone <3,Really recommend you guys playing this awesome game! :D
76561198312021938,Recommended,428690,23833255,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Daniel4659,This Game is so good
,Recommended,428690,23833780,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,.gerald hellcase.com,Very good game to play and is very addictive as well :D
,Recommended,428690,30430931,Posted: 10 March,all,PokeAttack,This game is awesome!
76561198243608344,Recommended,428690,24389977,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,✪ Conner,"This game is not a waste of money, in my opinion. It's very fun to just sit and play for hours. Since I bought this game, I've noticed the bags under my eyes are getting more and more apparent. It's almost exactly like the Sims' except better cause you're a YouTuber. We all know how YouTuber's say that being a YouTuber is very stressful. And, I think this game can show you just how stressful it can be. Always having to worrying about different things, like rent, new software and gear, relationships, video's an so-on. It's shows how easily you can get sleep-deprived or how easily you can get really distracted.     Great game, though. Totally recommend."
76561198143252008,Not Recommended,428690,24918108,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,PleaseRemember,"Just wow, this game really changes your perspective of a Youtuber's life choice. The career of constantly pleasing your fans with content, some on a daily basis, is hard work but never did I realise how boring that hard work could be. The only mistake I did was get hyped up from watching my Youtuber's tackle this title to get my expectations risen to a point that I had to buy the game. The mistake that I was blindsided by, I wish I could have prevented myself from purchasing."
76561198180723553,Recommended,428690,32168876,Posted: 3 June,all,uluas2001,i love this game i say you get it
76561198212194616,Recommended,428690,23206277,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ConnorToretto (SDMN),"Overall a good game, Theres no point listing whats good so im just going to list the parts that I think need an update or a change: I think the Idea store needs an update wear when u buy something it gives u the option to move the item and place it where u want also I think u should be able to change the layout of ur room/house (Bit more like sims), Second improvement is more of a lodgic think its when ur video is earning subs and veiws also money it can come up with your losing subs, when ur videos subs still goes up. Please can u update or inprove these features I personal think these will make the game better."
76561198106412550,Recommended,428690,23766815,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,HARRY POTHEAD,A YouTuber's Life is basically♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10
76561198080732257,Recommended,428690,23213204,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,luiz_gita,"If Game dev. story and the Sims had offspring, it would be this.The game's got some good things going for it, and an equal amount of bad / in construction stuff.I've seen runoffs and wannabes of Game Dev story a lot.This is one of the better ones if not the best.Buy it if you like the idea,but its early access, nobody knows  if it'll turn out to be a more... durable title.Now it's 5 hours of gameplay tops."
,Recommended,428690,23278583,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Samujelli,Very positive game. Visuals are very good and the gameplay is awesome! The price for the game isn't too high. Game is enjoyable on all times.
76561197998224452,Recommended,428690,23228091,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,wiLDY,People always wanna chat with me when I'm rendering videos. The PC can't handle both of those things at once.
,Recommended,428690,23342091,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Acerbic,"Was collaborating with a friend, got to a scene where it said, ""the game freezes,"" and lo and behold. Anyway, if the idea of sentient AI freaks you out, just a heads up, otherwise the game is pretty good for an alpha (?) I admit I didn't actually read anything before I bought it, I just know it's not finished) It lags, it freezes but that's to be expected. It's also ridiculously addictive for being the kind of repetitive that all simulation games are, and I should have been in bed about 12 hours ago.Aaaanyway. I look forward to the more fleshed out version, and definitely don't regret buying it as is. If you're on the fence about it, you're missing out."
,Recommended,428690,23744384,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bossinas,"Pretty cool game, Had fun competing with my roommate for subscribers!"
76561198230324780,Recommended,428690,23344421,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Smartie113,"Amazing game, I can't get enough of it. It is a great mix between the sims and any tycoon game. It is great how that you have to sweat it out to get millions of subs and views. However can be a tad difficult to use the camara sometimes but that is something that the developers will hopefully fix. Over all a great game and I defiantly recommend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,428690,23710014,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,YuvalF,"I don't have a gaming PC, however I still bought a couple of games on Steam and I'm enjoying them. But this game is the most enjoyable game on my PC after Team Fortress 2. It works amazing on Low-Spec PCs even though it has AMAZING graphics. I like this game very much and I recommend it for everyone, even for people that don't have a gaming PC."
,Recommended,428690,23660188,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dank Memes,"This game is really the best simulation gameThe first time I have started playing this game I played for so long I reached like 20,000 subscribers in my parents home then I got to 50k subscribers really fastI'd recommend this game to anybody."
76561198025142910,Recommended,428690,23661585,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Galateax,"Enjoyable game with lots of room for improvement.The updates changing the card system have been nice but I'd like more detailed descriptions of how the system is working. My biggest critiques are that and the way that time moves. I wish there was a clearer way of measuring how much time is passing so that you can order your next actions more carefully. I would also like to see the goals that you have for yourself (based off of what you choose in the beginning) vary more because right now they're quite repetitive.Previous versions of the game had offensive game titles and so far on my most recent playthrough they seem to be gone, which makes me very pleased. Overall the game has great potential and each new update has made major improvements on it. I can't wait to see the other channel options when they're released."
,Recommended,428690,32578668,Posted: 19 June,all,__,THIS IS MY FAV GAME!!!!!!!!! I LOVE MY ANIME SO I NEED THIS GAMEANIME LOVERS MUST GET THIS GAME!!!
76561198317214388,Recommended,428690,31678939,Posted: 11 May,all,elliott.markidis,This Game Is Sick Bruh
76561198142185748,Not Recommended,428690,30455955,Posted: 11 March,all,Raven,"I thought Runescape is repetitive, but this is a whole new level of repetitive.Not worth 24,99. Price should be lowered to 2,99, because i feel like i've been scammed."
76561198297820662,Recommended,428690,31972293,Posted: 26 May,all,FreshandCrispy,"a few glithes need to be fixed, but overall a good game"
,Recommended,428690,24290842,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lily,"I Like it, Its a interesting game >.>"
,Recommended,428690,25483437,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Paladin,"When you hit 1 mil subs, it gets boring...."
,Recommended,428690,23429985,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,WaFFeLPoKaLYPSe,"I have been having a lot of fun with this game.  The art style is cute, the game is pretty easy to learn, and there's quite a bit of challenge there with all the things you have to manage such as making videos for the channel, working to pay rent, going to events, etc.One problem I've had, at least since the most recent update, is that when I tried to collaborate on a video, it would not finish the recording and go to the editing screen.  My character ended up missing an important video deadline because my characters were stuck on the collab.  Please fix this, and I will be a happy camper.  Also, more clothing options would be nice."
76561198038671042,Not Recommended,428690,33200622,Posted: 3 July,all,Greyhound,"Only channel worth playing is the gaming channel, and that gets old quick. Were told that more channels would be added, and 2 were, yet they are bad. Game was taken out of EA back in February, andnothing has been added since. Only thing even in the news for the game has been a dumb challenge. How about adding the rest of the game?Buyer beware."
,Recommended,428690,25117783,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Atrial,When you get 1 Mil subs in yo mums house
,Recommended,428690,24394261,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,jennahaor02,I really like the game. But the main problem is that time flys way too fast. Maybe you should make the day 24 minutes intead of 24 secs
76561198302749771,Recommended,428690,24950468,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,doorbellm8,This game is amazing.But it may get boring for certain ppl becoz of the lack of content.I would reccomand waiting till october when the music channel is released
76561198221053092,Recommended,428690,25871199,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,El_bart13,If you like game dev tycoon (thats a good game) then you will like this as well! It's a 'proper' youtube simulator game that I think has quite good potential. Although it hasn't got many choices for channels yet it's still addicting and sometimes gets a bit repetitive. But I would still recommend getting this game as it is close for the music channel to come out and you get asome more content. The only channel out right now is the gaming channel.It has all the stuff to becoming an actualy youtuber like 'playing the game' (Sort of) and then editing it and do some courses to get better eg: video editing and recording. It's definitley fun and I would reccomend it. I give it a 8 for the content it has right now.
,Not Recommended,428690,32554921,Posted: 18 June,all,Raz9r,I want my money back. This game is terrible and i never play it. I've tried it and it is terrible gameplay for everybody!
,Not Recommended,428690,33083561,Posted: 1 July,all,17Mz1,Interesting when first played but for 24 hours it was very boring
76561198258346176,Recommended,428690,23887791,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GeckoGC,"so this game was really fun (and hard) mangaging your money for food, rent and consoles/PC upgrades is very hard. You also have to keep up relationships  and manage sleep. You can go to events if you wish and people will ask you to go to record games for them before a dead line."
76561198106927523,Recommended,428690,24047065,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,YoRHa,Times flies by too fast.too darn fast.Overall a good interesting game to pass time and relax.
76561198179999003,Recommended,428690,24154529,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BlackLivesMatter #JK,"Great game fun to play,it will get a bit boring near the end.All it needs is more content  and it would be even better."
76561198310260469,Recommended,428690,24149241,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Trexo,"Very wonderful simulator but I wish 1 thing could be improved, the time because like 3 seconds are an hour in game it would be better if 45-60 seconds were an hour in game but that's the only problem for me so yes I do recommend it."
76561198311030309,Recommended,428690,24152554,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Omnigamer,"This game shows a lot of promise! Its fun, engaging and because of the fast pace and involved game play, it presents a unique challenge!My only criticism is that it would be nice to have more control over time progression! at times, you can get bogged down with tasks and next to no time or money to complete them."
76561198317834138,Not Recommended,428690,24483714,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Slushii,"When I first picked up this game I really and truly enjoyed it. This was a great rpg for me but as time progressed, the game just began to turn into a grind, making videos and getting your employees to make them as well. The initial couple houses in the game were lot's of fun to me and I really had a blast but it is not worth 15 dollars. The game deteriorates quickly and becomes boring and a waste of time."
76561198274152332,Recommended,428690,24398123,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,richracer135,"This is an awesome game but should be open to steam workshop so we can create games, cards, cloths, situations, and gear. but over all a lot of fun."
,Recommended,428690,24156692,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,xmoses8080,Youtuber's life is looking much more beautiful and is closer to being a full game with every fix and update released. Keep Up the good work U-play (not the ubisoft U-play)
76561198163317001,Recommended,428690,24599660,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Toxikz,Youtubers Life is a game where you design your own character that is about to become a youtube star. Choose from many hairstyles clothing accesories and more. You start out small in you'r moms aparment later on you become a star in a large apartment then a luxorious aparment and more im 50% through the game so far it is amazing! But the cons there are some bugs i have seen youtubers play this and encounter the only bug i have encountered so far was when i hit 50k Subs i went to the event and my game frozze but at the end i still got my reward man.. Is still wish i could see the even :/ Over all the game has it's ups and downs but it's good so im giving this game a 8.5/10
76561198319259288,Not Recommended,428690,32489647,Posted: 16 June,all,Irock62,Very Repetitive
,Recommended,428690,32040576,Posted: 29 May,all,Noirliske,"The game has an interesting premise, but it's fairly unpolished. It crahses on my laptop quite often, and there's no separate 'Save game' option, only exit to main menu. There were quite a few other glitches (after escaping to main menu all the sequences I assigned to the YouTuber are cleared, and if there was an event planned, I can no longer send my Tuber there (there's no option to do so). So this looks like Sims a bit simplified, but still fairly entertaining."
,Not Recommended,428690,23825036,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kane,It's an interesting game but gets pretty repetitve after awhile which causes boredom..
,Not Recommended,428690,34967542,Posted: 15 September,all,いちご Milk,i dont know why i buy this game
76561198308290106,Recommended,428690,32967046,Posted: 28 June,all,FC|Spyd,"When The ANimated ""Making Love"" Scene Came on I ♥♥♥♥ed 16 Times in those 7 Seconds"
76561198189305505,Recommended,428690,23222933,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BrotherGoo_,Im Very Addicted into This Game. I Played Straight 9 Hours Last Night And Reached 200k subs With 5 Million ViewsI Give This Game a 4/5 since it still Adding UpdatesCough Cough Graphics Designing Channel Cough Cough
76561198300978256,Recommended,428690,23223019,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,jimiwimiwoo,need some help i hired a colaborator and got him to make a video but while it was rendering i fired hum and now it doesnt move on the render loading bar
,Recommended,428690,24959924,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,quetzalcoatl-chan,"So some people are complaining about repetative gameplay, but thats a given if you are trying to play a game about being a youtuber, its a rotuine schedual, other people are complaining about bugs and glitches, but thats also a given since this is in early access, its worth the price if your interested in simulation games like game dev simulator, it does have its repetative moments, but those are overshadowed by the mechanics that keep it fresh and interesting, its definitly worth $15"
,Recommended,428690,35121917,Posted: 21 September,all,Jophis23,YouTubers Life is an amazing game that really captures the life many people want but can't afford.
,Not Recommended,428690,32206865,Posted: 5 June,all,Ecanohmic,"I like this game and think there is a lot of potential here but a lot of this game is just bland and way too quick paced.First of all, is the YouTube Adpocolypse part of this game? cause I feel like unless im just cranking out videos 24/7 im not making any money espeically when time goes by in the blink of an eye. That's someting else that irks me it'll be January and it seems like I look away for 5 seconds and its DECEMBER the time goes by way too quickly in this game youll be given over 100 hours to make a video for someone else and that goes by in like 30 seconds.The characters are all boring and lifeless, I also can't talk to ANY ONE OF THEM without them getting mad about something. You're given like 4 options and 3/4 of them will make the person mad. I mean for the love of god my colab partner doesnt like cooking or youtube????The only way I got people to like me was chat on the computer until they want to meet and then pimp myself out until they like me.I think this game could be a lot more fun if they fixed some things."
,Recommended,428690,32705406,Posted: 23 June,all,jigglybuns,Good for a bit6/10
76561197970778313,Not Recommended,428690,25487245,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Linq,"""Whats better than playing a game? pretending to play a game? Yeah... no. no not at all.""---User 123""Ever wanted to play the sims but thought - hey I wish I didn't have to design a house or choose what to do with things or have any choices whatsoever - this game is for YOU!""---Player BobI honestly can't believe how underwhelmingly boring this game is.  It really makes the idea of playing games seem so totally tedious.  If you ever want to make the idea of gaming seem like a droll and cynical pursuit this is the game to give to someone.  Just expect them to play it once or twice and put it down out of sheer boredom.There is simply put - nothing to it.  The 'minigame' of making a gaming video is the same for all types of video and involves putting random cards together with random pictures that have no relationship to the 'game' you are playing (still generic images) and then use again a generic simple puzzle to 'edit' them into a video and then 'publish' it.  Even that makes it sound more 'fun' than it is.  After doing it once or twice doing it the couple of hundred times you'll have to do it to 'win' the game will make it really boring.Despite being able to make 'first impression' videos, 'vlogs', 'gameplay', 'interviews', 'collaboratives', walkthroughs', 'reviews' - they are all the same.  You can upgrade your computer and level up but all these do is let you have more points and increase the number of 'points' that appear on the 'cards' that you use on the random cards that appear to use on the random pictures that appear when you put together videos - they do not change gameplay at all.You might be tempted to do 'just one more video' or upgrade the computer a bit or buy a new upgrade but this simply prolongs the game - it doesn't improve it or increase the fun in any way.If you feel that you will get some sense of fun or achievement out of simply 'beating' the game go right ahead, but if you'd rather avoid a mindnumbing experience that takes the fun out of actually playing games and turns gaming into a tedious experience then avoid this 'game'"
,Recommended,428690,29470026,Posted: 24 January,all,Farmer Pepe,A friend gave me a game so I could record it for him. I didn't have the console so I sold the game.
,Not Recommended,428690,23642657,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,spooky daddy-o,"This game gets boring real fast, and it's very unrealistic. It's concept is really cool but the delivery is lazy. 4/10"
76561198119052242,Recommended,428690,33112132,Posted: 1 July,all,Purely_Vylar|Twitch,"Okay... I wish there was a middle on if I recommend this or not.I got this game back when I barley had my own channel up and running, so I figured use this game to pass time by untill I could upload.First things first, you can see the graphics are not the best, but for this kind of game they don't need to really be.(personally I would of liked the graphics to be a better quality kind of cartooning... but oh well)I open the game and it tells me in a past tense narration ""This is how I became a Youtuber""Alright... so its like that... Don't mind itGoing on and playing, the camera is topdown and has limited areas for your character to go.Think of the first Sims but amount of things to do cut in half.Honestly I love the computer feature where you go about the internet buying things. Its the little things that I enjoy. XDSighAnyway. Lets go into sounds real fast... I'm going to do a small rant here...Who in their right mind... Would put the most annoying mouthed sound ever... Into a loop of played sounds in a game...Yaknow those people who smack their lips or chew with their mouth open and make those really wet sounds?And you see how cringy that sentance was?My point exactly.I'm ready to rip my ears out as soon as I enter a room that has who knows how many people in it talking and drinking.It can be considered a hell if you are bothered by it as much as me XDReally though, why can't there jut be text bubbles and Sims style speech? NotHmmhmm ...mmhmmhm... Huh...hummhmm...Sigh...Now, for the story ... Well the type of channel + storyNo differance at all between the channel types you pick STORY WISE.You wake in your mom's house because you're still an angsty teen in highschool.You have the exact same room, and exact same homes over and over again.Only differance is specific events like Gaming conventions or Concerts.One thing that bothers me a lot... The game treats VEIWERS like CURRENCYThis is a simulator, not a tycoon... (sorda)Being more pecific, a YOUTUBER SIMULATOR should not treat VEIWERS like currency.Only because,  if you think about it, you can not spend viewers on things... Like... yaknow... Cuz they are all humans? (Unless someone is a bot... dangit bots)I can't remember a specific example of this because I have not played the game in a few months, but... Thats what I remember not liking XD.For good things, I would say there are many funny moments when it comes to making videos or interacting with people, but it get rather old fast. Editing is unrealitic but fun, racing to be on a full stomach and  energy level is fun when you make a good video or production out of it. The whole interactive social media layout i limited but still interesting. The youtube channel page is also neat.-There were a few glitches last time I played. I hope they fixed it.Anyway I don't think this game is worth 25$Definitally a game to get on sale!Hope I helped guys!<3"
,Not Recommended,428690,32618840,Posted: 21 June,all,Skyler2048,"Before this review, I would like to say that I enjoy writing reviews. I don't do it so much for the community but for the developers, so they can improve themselves.So there are a lot of flaws in this game, and lets go throught them.For one, this game inspired me to create my own YouTube gaming channel. Wonderful, right? Well, this game is not accurate at all, and it misslead me into thinking that with my first video I would get 2 subscribers. But it turns out that no one wants to watch a cringy 10 year old play slither.io for 20 minutes. That is a huge problem with this game. It takes at least 6 months for anyones channel to kick off. I later abandoned that channel to start a new one about comedy and skits, which so far has done a lot better. 2/10 for accuracy.Another huge flaw is sound. All of it. The music is meh, but if you play it for a long time, it gets old real fast. And whenever you talk to other ingame characters, UGH! The sounds they make are so terrible. I mean, if you heard them talking without the visuals, you might have some bad thoughts. Another thing, whenever you record a video to play a game, you make incredubly stupid sounds that make you want to pull your hair out if you havn't already over the songs. 1/10 for sounds.Also, you can lose the game. How, you may ask? Well, it's simple. Don't pay rent for a month, and then if you can't repay the debt you're in in addition to next month's rent, you're screwed, and the worst thing is, it rewinds you the the start of the month, when you were still in debt, and you have to relive yourself dying and dying all over again, and you can't escape, and all of the progress you had is now gone. 4/10 for endgame.Now I will say, I have not tried the other types of channels in depth, but I did try them. First off, no one does cooking or music on a channel and expects to become the top youtuber in the world. Second off, they are almost literally the same game, just reskinned. 3/10 for other modes.Another thing is, if you and your friend played this game at the same time and finished it, you would have both had the exact same experiance because whatever you do, you will get the same outcome. Always. It feels like you get to choose your path, but you really don't. 2/10 for replayabilityThe only reason that I would consider reccomending this is because a games soul purpose is to be fun. Was this game fun? Yeah! It was just some stupid 20 hours of fun. Is it worth $25? No. Not at all. I mean, that's more than a dollar per hour. That's stupid. Personally, I think it should be $5 or free. Do not get this game, get some other good tycoon game. 7/10 for funAll in all, I could just rate this game and say that I give it a 4.5/10, or I could take the average of everything, which would be about 3/10, so take whichever you want."
76561198313284198,Recommended,428690,23920798,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jackpat,"Fun concept and game has potential. Still waiting for the other sites to arrive. It gets boring after a while.Suggestion:1. Fix time - Way too fast when it shouldn't be, 3 seconds = 1 hour. Way too slow when it shouldn't be, talking takes forever. Fast forward?2. Opening packages - bought a LOT of stuff from IDEA came one at a time took days to open and was waiting for a game that I had to advertise. Missed deadline coz of unboxing3. Incentivize going to parties and movies and relationship with friends- I don't go to parties since all you do is talk with people (problem with 2) or occasionally get an item cheaper. Anything else to do there? Can't even access phone to take selfies. Benefits are pretty much vlogs and interviews. Interacting with others isnt so fun. Keeping up relationships gets annoying.4. Maximize phone - could do more to keep up with fans than just post selfies (which are only taken at home btw) - PR stuff. Social networks kina useless since there's no comment system = keeping up with friends is same as chat = talk5. Bug? - Keep getting kicked out of network just coz of VIP event requirement. Event doesn't appear at all."
,Recommended,428690,23601198,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GothicMermaid666,The game has a few bugs and glitches as any Early Acess game would. Otherwise it is a fairly decent game. I'm looking forward to the other channels that are comming soon which would give the game more replay value than it currently has. I enjoy this game and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a complex and relaxing sim type.
76561198070803911,Not Recommended,428690,23800768,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,8bitblonde,"So far I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current state.The story is a good start, I like the Sim/tycoon mashup idea.Cons:-Time moves too fast-Looking at your phone is awkard-The game forces you to move forward-Always have to say ""OK"" no other options during dialouge (roomate uses your computer and you can't say no...?)This game still has work to do."
,Not Recommended,428690,24211429,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,✪ iPrologue csgobig.com,"In all, this game is really fun for the first i would say 7 to 8 hours of gameplay. After 8 hours, it feels like everything is super repetitive. I was really excited to see that they added steam trading cards, So i started to play the game some more, not realizing that there arn't even cards! I know this is an early access game, so im hoping they wwill fix some of these problems."
76561198088809968,Not Recommended,428690,24078319,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,uberskill123,If you're looking for a good simulation game then turn around and go play game-dev tycoon.This game wastes your time on pointless animations that take place everytime you do the same action in-game. Each of these animations taking up to nearly 10 seconds and these are actions that need to be constantly repeated anyway -_-The music in this game becomes almost aggrivating because it is so monotonously boring and repetitive.In my honest opinion you are better off spending your money on a better steam game.0/10 would get refunded again.
76561198138860294,Recommended,428690,24031728,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DaneOle04,"Great game to play it is mutch fun and you basically have no limit on what to do (as a youtuber) The point of the game is to get subscribers and views by making gaming videos (soon to be more than gaming) And editing them you also need to eat, sleep, and study. If you do not study and you fail the test your mom takes away your monitor for some time and you lose subscribers and get less views per day"
,Not Recommended,428690,33231182,Posted: 4 July,all,Naphu,"Are you bland and love doing the same thing over and over? Well you are in luck. As this game immenses you into the world of youtube sims 4.65 where all you do is eat sleep make a video and work for money sometimes when all of your bars are full. I enjoyed it for the first few hours but then it got boring and repetitive as it went on. Also the wonky music and random humming is annoying as hell, I can't go a minute without the dude going HMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.10/10 on the trashcan scale"
,Recommended,428690,23428236,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Charlmango  csgolive.com,"This game is amazing in everyway, and to think that it is so early in development shows the amount of potential this game has. I have already played this game throught once and it gave me over 10 hours of gameplay.Pro's- Amazing detail for an alpha game- Gives you a wide variety of content to choose from- Countles hours of gameplay and each run if so different- Great character design (Inspiration from Sims)Con's- More diversity in events you can go to- Not enough stuff to do, it is very boring at the end (I know it's still in Alpha)- More images needed for game covers- Needs more immersion- Should allow players to edit house a lot moreOverall this game is amazing and I can definetly recommend this to anyone who loves the sims, wants to become/experience being a famous youtuber. And finally if this game is to be developped into what I hope it will be, this game will turn out to be a masterpiece, so final verdict from me is a solid 7.5/10 keeping in mind that this game is still in late Alpha/Early Beta stages."
76561198020478537,Recommended,428690,23195633,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,UpAllNightGamer,"Who should buy:  Someone that wants to see the progression of this game as there is a lot of unfinished content and bugs.  Someone that wants to support the devs early in the life of the game.  Someone that wants to help the devs with bugs through the forums.  Someone who doesn't care when the game releases.Who should not buy:  Someone that wants a finished or almost finished product.  Someone that wants to play the game from begining to end, but can deal with bugs.  Someone that gets frustrated with crashes and resetting the game (auto save helps here).  Someone that wants the game to release within a year (could even be more)."
,Not Recommended,428690,33124589,Posted: 2 July,all,Virgin,"Interesting concept though feels like a Sims(tm) Light version. As others have said: it becomes extremely repetitive and to be honest a lot of actions in the game feel redundant. It has a very low satisfaction meter, your only goal being to move to a bigger home? Rinse and repeat. Meeting people is a vague and bizarre exchange and doesn't seem to have a bigger goal than just... hiring them as collaborators if they're influential U-tubers themselves. All in all a very superficial game.Besides the boring gameplay it also has a LOT of bugs. As in, bugs that impact your 'progress'. I'd rather have invested my money into a different game."
76561198136560463,Recommended,428690,23199688,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Orne322,I love this game but my only problem is I would like a channel thats not just gaming and It says (COMING SOON) but when because i would really like to do so
76561198354055255,Recommended,428690,34354337,Posted: 19 August,all,Hi,"So i already know there is a game called Game Dev Tycoon where you develop games, BUT I WOULD LOVE IF U-PLAY ONLINE CAN MAKE SOMETHING LIKE A PREQUEL WHERE YOU CAN DEVELOP GAMES.So in the time making this review i am 9 years old and this game is in Full ReleaseSoooo here is my review of Youtubers LifeI absolutely love this game!!!!!! what i am gonna start with are the Graphics of this game....... IT HAS ONE OF THE BEST GRAPHICS I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!!!!. And also what i liked about this was that in The Full Release of this game your able to do diffrent types of channels, other than in Beta versions where you can only do Gaming.The types of Channels that you could do in Beta and Full Release are Gaming,Cooking,and Music. In the beat version you were only able to do gaming but i saw on Youtubers time playing this they were doing it in beta, and then i say that there were also gonan be Lifestyle and Fashion channels but they must've gotten rid of The Fashion and Lifestyle/exercise channels in teh Full Release of the game. Also what i love about this game is that the game never has a n official ending, ir does say teh game is over when u get to a certain point in the game but after the credit you can still play endlessly, and nothing will stop you unless you delete that file. Also something else about this game is that it is so realistic, like if u dont Study our mom can take away your computer, and you literally have to manually record your own videos and edit them by yourself and not Automatically, that is really cool, but my favorite part is the Wedding..... yes, there are weddings in this game, and yes i know that kinda adds onto how Realistic this game can be. Also i like how you can move diffrent places when you get farther in the game and you c=get more upgrades for your PC setup. there is so much more that i wanna say but i gotta eat dinner now so this is the end of my review.P.S. As i said in the Beginning im only nine so please dont mind my spelling XDReview from Ian"
,Recommended,428690,32006561,Posted: 27 May,all,strataluke,"This game i can reccomend because it is really fun, but when you play it for a few months consistently it gets really boring and really repetitive, But i reccomend it if you want to play it for about a month But i would not reccomend if you are going to play it a lot"
76561198198615723,Not Recommended,428690,32536173,Posted: 18 June,all,TheLaughingLamb,"Used to work now crashes after past few updates the screen freezes but I can tell the game is still running because there are noises when I clickFIX IT DEVS IT IS A GOOD GAMEEDIT:Happens so often I cannot play also no its not my pc I play WoW, League and Paladins etc. without these issues so pls fix it"
76561198235993274,Not Recommended,428690,32375968,Posted: 12 June,all,mmeyers365,♥♥♥♥ this game get rid of the ♥♥♥♥ing game over ♥♥♥♥ you guys dis like ♥♥♥♥♥s!!
,Not Recommended,428690,32332285,Posted: 10 June,all,MusicMusket,"I feel embarrassed that I even own this game anymore. At first, I was hopeful of this game, given the potential and the following it garnered. As time went on, however, I saw little of what was proposed, with unsatisfactory gameplay, mediocre graphics, various (UNFIXED) gamebreaking bugs, graphical mishaps, and a soundtrack that, at best, will become grating and, at worst, bring anyone who isn't tonedeaf to tears. Not many things drain me emotionally; that sort of depression can only be brought on by a moving story/experience, or Greenheart Games' failed abortion. I'll leave it up to you to determine what Youtuber's Life is."
76561198423320303,Not Recommended,428690,35146261,Posted: 23 September,all,harrymevans01,Bit repetitive.
76561198253007107,Recommended,428690,25986803,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ollsterstudios,"After 76 hours of gameplay I have decided to leave my first EVER review on steam :)Youtubers life is a great game and BUY IT NOWThe style of the game is great, the mechanics and gameplay.The theme is also really great, i would really recommend this game to anyone who likes simulation games like thisbuy buy buy"
76561198306977434,Recommended,428690,25500952,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,josephdavebarnes,"Really good game. But I found one or two glitches.Most notably where I was in the middle of making a collab video and it just stopped. My friend was gone and I couldn't continue the video. After a few minutes I chose another game to make a video, but when going to record, it just repeated the same collab video as before (Which also stopped midway again). Please fix this issue as I won't be able to progress in the game. Cheers."
,Not Recommended,428690,23194264,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TheWynterKnight,"To be honest I refunded the game after playing for about an hour. The gameplay seemed solid but the camera, the controls, and the general UI was really dificult to navigate.Menus were constantly failing to open, and the shipping glitch was actually super common. The Translation is desperately lacking. I do understand that this isnt a priority, but the lack of tooltips and pretty much any feedback on the effect of new items (still see nothing changing with the new mic), PLUS the difficulty understanding what tooltips were there made this a definite follow, but instant refund for me."
76561198091376014,Recommended,428690,23511688,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,kyzy_4399,"programer work 8 hours has the same salary with sell flyers 8 hours.such balance, many realists :)"
76561198366244413,Recommended,428690,30781536,Posted: 27 March,all,HomeThief12,This is worth the money I had refunded a few games because they were not working on my Laptop but this works on it and is very fun
,Not Recommended,428690,24730181,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,pranav9040,Thus is very bad for mac as it lags incredibly hard and it is almost impossible to play the game. I hope they can fix it so that it is more compatible for mac!
76561198056063184,Not Recommended,428690,24703697,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,-Fedex-,"A wonderful game if you have the extra cash to spend. Literally paying $1+ per hour for this game as I believe many people will be able to complete this game in quite a short amount of time. A great game nevertheless but for $15 for a 10 hours games, this game have to do better."
,Recommended,428690,23435507,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ZincoDrone,Great game! I've played this game for a while and I am amazed by the content! I've been recording it and it's been getting a lot of views so I am hoping that people will buy this game too!
,Not Recommended,428690,25714608,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,★Robin Sweg★™,This game is good but it died no one playes it anymore they need to update and it gets boring rerally easily
,Recommended,428690,23239406,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Madman,One of the best games i have ever played! Sims+Youtube=Madting
,Recommended,428690,23596676,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,SovsenDK,Omg i LOVE THIS!!!I have never had so much fun ;DBut it's a bit dumb that you can lose so many Subs in so little time..But whatever I LOVE THIS..!
,Recommended,428690,28793596,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Anthony,i only bought this because my sister held me at gunpoint with an RPG
,Not Recommended,428690,30615807,Posted: 19 March,all,Hoodling,"This is not a game, it's an exercise/torture program designed to elevate your blood pressure. There are two speeds availble, normal play and fast forward. The normal setting is more stressful than playing competitive Starcraft.There's way too much to do, and no time to do it. In the end, it's not fun, it's pure stress. There's so much going on that notification ""pop-ups"" cancel each other out, often causing the game to lock up completely, forcing you to exit to main menu and reload your savegame.Certain aspects of this game, such as ""events"" or ""partying"" where you're faking interest in having a fake life, are so boring, I haven't the words to describe it. Also the graphics, once seen in full screen, lacks polish."
,Recommended,428690,23503156,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,rockcreper,"Very interesting, nice challenges and a realistic theme! 10/10"
,Recommended,428690,23504279,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Not Flare e621.net,"Can you guys add More Channel?I Mean You can have Sports Channel and etc.If you can make a Mixed Channel,That Should Work,i mean if you are gaming Channel,You can make Some Sports and Music videos"
76561198124653457,Not Recommended,428690,24110539,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,hitmarker,biggest mistake of my life getting this game please dont get it
,Recommended,428690,34592483,Posted: 29 August,all,Chromebook Gamer,Wouldnt buy unless you have money to spend on an average game.
76561198012611536,Not Recommended,428690,32931568,Posted: 28 June,all,Rustü,"This is a real hard recommendation to write and I'm sad that I cant recommend it as I actually found it quite fun if not for a few things which just ruins the experience for me personally.The game has alot of fun minigames like choosing your comments for the things that happen while you record, editing the recordings, having a concert etc. and even though they might be repetitive after a while I still enjoy them.There are however some ""minigames"" which are just boring in my oppinion, going to the movies, watching another yootubers concert and going clubbing. Theese are without a doubt your best way of socialicing with other people and u-tubers but damn is this boring and repetitive and in some cases I would even call it broken since you can spend a real long time in the hall before entering the cimema where there is no timer and just max out your relationship with ALL who attend.There is a ""fun"" story about how you rose to become the worlds greatest u-tuber but unfortunately this story is scripted so you have to do what ""you"" did at that exact moment to become the great u-tuber that you are which sometimes means that you have to use your computer at a certain time and are not allowed to do anything but that and in case your computer is busy uploading a video you might have to wait for half a day or more ingame before being able to progress in the story and vaste alot of valuable time just waiting to do something as meaningless as order food even though you still have some in your fridge and it is not extremely important that you do so right this moment.A skip event button for the ""storymode"" of this game and I could have easily have given this a positive review, but at the moment it just annoys me too much along with the minigames that I don't like as much as the others."
76561198080683296,Recommended,428690,34975025,Posted: 15 September,all,Kyle,"This is a pretty good game. If you think about whats in it and the scale of it, you'll be able to see this is definately a complete game, however, that doesn't mean that there aren't things people (Myself included) wanted more of.If you look at all these reviews you'll more than likely see a bunch of people saying that the game isn't a full game, but it is, I could understand how it might not feel like one to others, but again, that doesn't change that it is. The developers decided to phase out a few ideas (Some channels they were considering or planning before), because with the way the game was modeled, the gameplay wasn't that different and the mass of users ended up only playing one channel type, but even when presented with that, people are still upset for some reason about the lack of channels. Anyways, that's just my personal view on the people that negatively reviewed this just for the sole reason of me being personally annoyed. (I ran into a person on the forums that was whining about being ""entitled"" to a refund, and he was quite literally slandering the developers and trying to urge others into false reporting the game so he could get one for himself; disliking the game is one thing, but you shouldn't attack people or their product to that severity just because you dislike what you invested in.)Anyways, onto the game itself and not the development stand-pointIf you like this genre, you will like this game. When you start and get into it, I believe you'll most likely enjoy it. However, there are people out there that say they like this genre but only like instant results, so this isn't really targeted at them. This game will be easy, and it might feel repetitive from time to time, but there will be twists and turns for quite a bit that make it more interesting. Now, there could be more to it, as there could to all games, but the amount of content in it should keep you playing for a few hours if you're an actual fan of games in these genres. There are three channels currently, potentially more in the future, but while the channels have new objects, a few new mechanics and other things, the gameplay itself is the same. After all, this is a game where you take up the role of a youtuber and aim for the top; the channels are more or less just different paths you can take.The development itself has come to a standstill unfortunately, however, before this, a few updates came out along with a roadmap. I'm choosing to trust the roadmap, just because it tackles a lot of the issues I've seen some people upset about. They clearly state that they plan to continue working on the game, and to add more things; however, long term, not short-term. However, at the time of writing this, it's possible that the development will start up again sooner or later, as one of the staff members that work with the developers (I don't mean someone chosen as a forum moderator, I mean an actual paid employee that shows up to their offices.) has started becoming active. It seems like they took a break, which, was well deserved considering the game they released.Tl;drIf you like games in this genre, buy it. If you aren't satisfied with the amount of content, even though theres enough for it to be considered a full game, then don't. However, if you do buy it and play over the two hours, don't feel like you're somehow entitled to slander the developers and demand an unjust refund."
,Recommended,428690,23324930,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ROADTING,"YouTubers life reminds us all about our petite inferior trys on becoming a youtuber years ago,Comon, we\'ve all had that phase....right?"
,Not Recommended,428690,24089111,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Scrubbles,"I saw this on Steam-Train, and thought it could be fun!, but it looses it's charm very quickly. You don't actually feel like achieving anything, just like a normal regular day on your computer."
,Not Recommended,428690,24261757,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kylie Playz,I seriously don't get this.THERE IS NO CHICKEN SANDWICHESNO BOCHKA BASSNO NEW GAMING CHAIRNO VAC BANSUNREALISTICNO POODLECORPNO MEETUPS OF LITTLE CHILDRENAND NO HAVING YOUR CAREER ENDED BY A LAWN GNOME0/10 unrealistic simulation of youtube
,Recommended,428690,24154628,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Sleepy X,This is one of the best games on steam.
,Not Recommended,428690,33136135,Posted: 2 July,all,ƒεƒε,"Even though it's a bit fun in the begining, the game starts to get boring really quickly. Indeed, it's basically, the same thing over and over again when recording a video or editing it. You have to chose between differents cards according to the situationThe fact that you have people working with you later in the game could be interesting if only a part of it was automatic which is not the case. You have to deal with 3 collaborators and upgrade their material by purchasing it and not being able to use the one you already have, which is frustrating.To be honnest, there's only a few points that would need to be fixed for me to be able to recommend this game but in its current state, i wouldn't, even if it's on sales.Additionnal note : I had to restart my game several times as my characters were stucked and coudln't do anything. That's the only bug I faced."
76561198146967763,Not Recommended,428690,23181297,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TemParz,"BugsPlayed the game, and got to the point where my character couldnt do anything, I'd record a video, but it wouldnt show me the render/upload time on the side, id go to work, but my character wouldnt leave the building, instead got stuck, and continued endlessly walking, so im stuck, these bugs need to be fixedPreviouse issue has been fixed, and game is alot more stable as of new update, but i have noticed a new bug. If i go to work, and a friend enters my apartment to invite me to an event, and my character is out working and then comes back, he just walks into the friend, and walks around her, causing me to quit and log back in, therefor losing any amount of money, that i would recieve from the schedualed work, Also if you get a notification,while editing a video, it takes you out of that screen, and cancels the process, and the game has started crashing on me also.Slight bug, when i left for an event, my hunger and sleep bar went all the way down to red, just a visual bug i believeWill write proper review after more gametime"
76561198129903835,Recommended,428690,33844175,Posted: 27 July,all,Doken,"When I bought this game, I really thought this was a recreation of a Sims mod.  But when I delved deeper into the game, I realized that is a lot like the Sims.  However, this game has a certain charm to this that I haven't seen in a Sims game.  8/10"
76561198045685292,Not Recommended,428690,23684742,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Foz,"Ok, I really wanted to like this game. But I simply can't. To be honest I'm not even sure it's because most of the features/ content have not been implemented yet.Right now only one type of youtube video can be made, Games, the UI is set to handle more in the future such as Music, Fashion,  and a few others. Within each genre, games at least you can make videos covering different consoles, and different topics such as Box Opening, First Play, Gameplay, and Game Reviews. Depending on the game, how long its been out, and a series of other factors the quality of the game changes. You can upgrade your system to get more points and increase the quality of your videos. Within the production of the game you have this little mini game where you connect puzzles pieces together and guess the impact of seperate responses (responses that are game cards) for different reactions and events within the gameplay. If you dont do well on this mini game the video can tank and be crap.Game game really plays more like a life simulator than a tycoon or business simulator really. I guess it's there in the title but don't let it mislead you. In the beginning you live at home with your mom, and are forced to study hard or get grounded. Rejoice, get good grades and she pays you for it. You start with one game and what appears to be a old 486 with .3mp video cam or something. You eat sleep play games study and balance social life and parties where you interact with other NPCs for minutes at a time.As far as tech stuff goes, I have only played this computer on my laptop which is probably considered slightly above average with a dedicated geforce video card. The first time I ran it, it ran by default at full HD 1920x1080 on high graphics. My computer overheated like crazy, and it never overheats. It still ran but I was worried about the heat. I tried lowering it to about 1200x800 thereabouts and knocked the video down to medium and it ran as usual without and heating issues.If the game focused more on business without the annoying minigame and the day it takes to film edit and upload the video it wouldnt be so annoying. I just cant imagine a Youtube video taking 12hours to upload, what is it 1995 all over again with 14.4k modems?"
,Not Recommended,428690,24065630,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Alessandro The Italian Love Owl,"There's no skill involved, and you do the same boring thing over and over and over. The recording part, which is what you'll spend all your time doing, is entirely based around random chance, with needing to play the correct card at the correct step, but all your cards are drawn randomly from a huge 'deck' that you can't design, or influence. The editing is also random, with you needing to line the card's notches correctly, but like the recording part, the notches are random and most of the time it's impossible to get the notches to line up perfectly."
,Recommended,428690,29431289,Posted: 22 January,all,Anusmuncher29,10/10 would have a green cucumber pop out of my computer and shoot my computer?never thought i would ever have to say that..
76561198195326186,Not Recommended,428690,32349949,Posted: 11 June,all,skullnukeful,"Just don't buy the game, It's fun for the first 10 hours, but after a while you get so bored and will feel sorry for buying this game. if it was 10 euro, it was worth buying it, but 25 euro is way to much. the graphics are sh*tty and the gameplay sucks. even the end is not epic. If I could, I would refund my money, you can buy it , but I warn you : ITS BORING AF."
76561198016929318,Recommended,428690,24614844,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Terminus,please update so you can go to a city/town and go to actual shops and theaters and other cool stuff
76561198193430790,Not Recommended,428690,26101266,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SoloQ to Wood 3,"At first, it is very fun and exciting. However, in the end, you are just doing the same things over and over again, which will eventually become boring. I don't recommend this game unless you would like to do the same things over and over again."
,Not Recommended,428690,23192952,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,madoom1,"Right now i would not reccomend this product, i sunk several hours into the game and my in gmae pc dies to the point where when i repair it it breaks, ok, everything is online shopping, how in the hell am i supposed to get a different computer if i cant online shop becuase my current one is broken, and when i fix it it breaks down minutes later, and honestly if you have a gaming pc chances are you built it yourself so giving some♥♥♥♥♥20$ to fix it then have it break down again is bs. now i havee to go back and replay the whoile damn game again in hopes that it wont break again."
76561198084090180,Not Recommended,428690,24248123,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,推推党希望,"It's a nice game, but with a lot of big bugs. I mean, the kinda bugs that really destroy the game. I had two chars, one of them have the profile bug, when I clicked into profile, everyone has 100 skill pts for everything (editting, music...etc), the other won't play honey PS station games, all the other stations/PC worked, but the honey station just wont work, it showed as the making video progress is paused, but one can never unpause it. I looked thru the forum, there seemed to be a lot more bugs. Since I had played it for like 20 hours, and each time, the bug seriously influnced the gaming process. And, two chars, two different bugs = 100% bug occurance. I mean, I spent $15 on it, I would expect it to at least lower the bug rate."
76561198148985030,Recommended,428690,28904077,Posted: 1 January,all,RBHunter,its exactaly like the sims but in youtubers prespective i highly recomend it if your a sims fan
76561198245810714,Not Recommended,428690,31520605,Posted: 3 May,all,Barva,Bored as hell
,Not Recommended,428690,33123179,Posted: 2 July,all,Tazzy,"Fun while it starts, but does become quite repetitive after a while."
,Recommended,428690,23213760,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mazuru,This game is amazing :) keep it up
76561198095974128,Not Recommended,428690,23349914,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,zack314,"so boring, fell asleep while playing."
76561198294135835,Not Recommended,428690,25565003,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Germanhades,"Not my cup of tea, I found it a bit ""Grind required"" but if you enjoy that you might like this"
,Not Recommended,428690,33143104,Posted: 2 July,all,Lonya,"This game isn't even worth 10.-I played this game for 30 minutes and really wanted to like it but...It feels like the mobile phone game from pew die pie, but it isn't even as fun. You mainly do simple tasks and wait for things to be finished. It feels like they didn't put any love in this game and just released it to make money.Do not buy it unless you want a game to relax and just click on different stuff."
,Not Recommended,428690,31887471,Posted: 21 May,all,Creblin csgolive.com,"Well. Youtubers Life... This game was fun for 2 hours. The SECOND you get past those 2 hours you will be bored, just saying."
76561198163808456,Not Recommended,428690,23179008,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,kenjmo.griffin,"If you get done over by bad timing, the whole game ends, and there are no save points to go back to. Pay the rent!"
,Not Recommended,428690,28730262,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mum,"Youtubers life is not such a bad game, but only for the amount of time it you actually play it, i got bored about 7 hours into the game waiting for a new update, and it was a hard struggle to make it to 10 hours. Buy this game if you would like to, but you have been warned!"
76561198042626858,Not Recommended,428690,23964495,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,wristan,"I never write reviews for games or if I do it's rare. I expecting this game to be so much better from reading review to seeing Youtuber like Jacksepticeye play it. Sadly there's little in way of fun to offer here for 14.99$.First I like to point out from the version I've seen, the symbols on the cards and what show up in editing of video's is completely different now. The card have different faces on them instead of the  movie clip symbols. I don't remember in the tutorial portion of the game (from video's I seen on Youtube) the symbols start off as question mark in the corner of the video while editing, but eventually show the corresponding faces you should use. I that from what I seen that this symbols were always there from the beginning, no question marks(disregard if I am mistaken). So I was confused with what was going on.Next up the UI, there needs to be a fast forward option(like in The Sims). Another feature needing to be put in place is the game should pause when you're in a menu. If I'm organizing my cards, looking at phone features or spending points the game needs to pause. I can only multi-task so much and to much is going on at time to do so. Like I'm trying to pick cards, but an AI walks in and asks something of me and it kicks me out of the menu. This is annoying, don't do that.Also another issue is the environments, the movie scene is just odd, why is there a camera crew here? I mean nothing like that is going to be at a movie theater for someone like a Youtuber. I mean I get it, its a game, but come on at least make events a little bit believable. Take this out and in its place add like a concession stand with pop-corn and stuff. Make it more like a movie theater and save this for conventions and such.The disco is also used in this manner as well. The costume events barely differ from a regular parties. There isn't any penalty for showing up to event that requires a specific attire. How about not even being allowed to go to the events unless you're properly in required attire. That also the same for the wedding event, before I can even get a chance to shop for a tux(or have enough money for that matter) I find my character forced to head off in just casual attire. You think you shouldn't even be allowed to go or if you show up in something inappropriate the person your getting married to would walk out on you.Add some consequences, speaking of getting married this is another matter that urked me to no end. If you get married to anyone all they do is become an obstacle. 90% of the time they're on your computer making it near impossible to get anything done. People ask you to chat with them and you hit 'okay' to do so, but nope your new wife/husband is at your computer and the command just gets lost in translation. The game doesn't even acknowledge you performed such a task. The only things that I find to over-rid the AI using your PC is shopping or making a new game video.Your time is being challenged as is, I don't need to fight the AI over these matters as well. Another issue is that if you do over-rid the married AI and go shopping they just hovering next to the PC waiting for you to get up or they walk around the room completely lost at what to do. Here's a option, if you marry said person you should have control over them(like in The Sims. Sorry if I keep using that as an example.)Then you can give this AI purpose or choose to have them on automatic in some option somewhere. Also them just buying gifts willy-nilly and blowing the difficult cash you earned is BS. You're saving up for something or have rent due in a couple of days and nope, your wife/husband decides you needed that mug. WTF!!Another issue is being bombarded by different AI's asking you do stuff. I find myself telling them no half the time because I can barely manage keeping up with what I'm currently doing. Also if I tell my friend, ""No, I can't go to the movie with you."" they shouldn't be like, ""Fine, we're not friends anymore."" I mean again, I know that it's a game, but if that was how it worked in life then I would have lost all my friends long ago.Telling people you don't want to go places and such shouldn't be that extreme. It take a long time to raise that bar to make a friend in the game. Your not just wasting my characters time, but your wasting my time IRL. This is why task of talking or learning a courses needs a fast forward option to at least make it so the person playing the game doesn't suffer to much. The game time lapses when you go to work and study, but why can't I have options in the UI to pause and speed up overall game-play.On to the tutorial, if you played the game once and know the basics already you should be able to turn it completely off. I don't need to be guided anymore I'm just trying out new choices from the character creator. One final thing is pathing for characters in the game. I'll select 'work' and be heading out the door, when my mom or friend(in the beginning) or room-mate(Student Apartment) is coming down the hall and my character get stuck on them on the way out.Why not just make it so they can pass through them when such tasks are selected. Now I got to cancel the command, walk back in the room, to see what said person wants or let them pass. Also selecting multiple task such as eat then work, why does the character have to walk all the way back to a specific location before they're able to perform the next task.JUST DO IT!! :P sorry for that. Anyway I would suggest for those interested in the game to wait for a lot of these issue to be smoothed over first before picking up the game. I know the buyer should know what they're walking into when buying early access, but this is way I hesitate to even try them. I should have just stuck to my guns and waited for this game to be completed first before buying it. I was more frustrated with the game and not having fun at all.I will say though the game has some interesting idea's, but seriously needs a great deal of work before I would find it enjoyable. I would not recommend buying this game at this time."
76561198306511899,Not Recommended,428690,23964957,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,pcramblt55,Horrible because thers a bug in load game which reset my whole game
76561198103195708,Not Recommended,428690,30366968,Posted: 6 March,all,JarensGJ,"I wanted to do a Lets play series on this game but found a huge problem with it. Even though I had bought it before the game got this bad and before the new channels it seemed to be a okay game. It caught your attention for like a hour and it was all over then. But lets not just ramble, lets get on to the cons and the pros.Pros of YTL :Gameplay is similar to the Sims Games3 different channels to choose fromLots of clothing that can be bought ingame to make your character look better.Different game names that are cleverly thought of / Recipes and or MusicFeels very realistic with copyright being a thing and all.Now on to the Cons..Cons of YTL:The game now will freeze randomly whenever you try to go shopping or even do any action. (Seen this problem with, and without recording so it's not just the recording doing it.)The Graphics don't seem to change whatsoever whenever you upgrade them to a higher setting even though they make you lag more.Even though you have a phone you wouldn't dare go shopping on it while your computer renders a video.People in game will just be so random and you'll lose friendships extremely fast because of that, they will invite you to events but you can't join them or you really don't want to because its just so boring you just go up to a place and sit down for like 1 second and press the button and you leave and nothing more. I mean you can just do a vlog but like whats the fun in that whenever it gets almost no views whatsoever.I do enjoy the game a lot but this bug has made it unplayable for me. I cannot do a lets play on it and even though i wanted to it's gone in my brain now due to this freeze bug. I would not recommend playing it because it just happens so often that it's unplayable. If it gets fixed i'll go and change my review but for the mean time it's just not worth it."
,Recommended,428690,30459372,Posted: 11 March,all,emily,"This is a very very very good game! Spent hours upon hours playing this! You'll really enjoy if your into sims type of games, as this is almost the same just a YouTuber edition! Love that they have added more options to chose from, and still updating which is great as I feel some new additions should be added. Great game especially that it is all in one!!!"
,Recommended,428690,23810100,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GaryGooFuu,It's a pretty good game for what it is at the moment. The gameplay is fun and progressing through the game is also fun. Making videos though can start to feel repetitive but hopefully once the game is in its full form making videos will be more entertaining. It will also be interesting to see how the different modes that come out once early access is over work.7/10
,Recommended,428690,23799505,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,pikaking gaming,this game is alright i wish there was a muiltplayer so you can play with your friends (real friends) and like invite them are play agest them it will me cool if they made that
,Recommended,428690,23974428,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ScottyBoy,Great Game.
,Recommended,428690,23834778,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Relunk,"If you like simulation games where you make friends, create and edit videos, and build up to a certain amount of subscribers then play this game! I really enjoy this game because I wish that I could have a good youtube channel like I can in this game!"
76561198282427777,Recommended,428690,23840115,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,...,"Very laggy on computers with low speed processorrs, over 2GHZ."
,Recommended,428690,26279018,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MrEpicPetro,This game is so much fun!!! I definatly recomend it!!!
,Recommended,428690,25224116,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Daniel,very good game
76561198121439640,Recommended,428690,23997932,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,XxProDonutxX,I recommend this because its just like the sims but its youtube i know this game is early access but in the apartment it should warn you so you can pay the rent.
,Recommended,428690,30426784,Posted: 10 March,all,✪ laika,I roleplayed as glozell in this and was all like mmmmmmmm yea boi
76561198180261585,Recommended,428690,24658552,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sand lord,"this game is really fun and i cant wait for the other chanle types to be brought in,it provdes a good challnge but can be hard to stay on top of stuff at time but still really really fun"
,Recommended,428690,24105372,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,the killer,epic game
76561198176602393,Recommended,428690,24137797,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,solarplays101,"i highly recommend this game to anyone who has big dreams of being a youtuber in life. its an awsoem game with loads of inviting things, other channes (that are not here yet) and a lot of interpretations on how to make your videos amazing. i really like this game. if the developer happens to look at this comment, i want to thank you so much for this awsome and amazingly sweet game. also, i know others sya this a lot to you, but please add in more channels. i have put it on as a comment twice and i am one of the most despertae and not really satisfied people out there who need more. like this comment if you agree with something on here and write a comment on what it was. or write a commment on what you want the next channel to be. im really curious what other people want (mine is cooking by the way) so that the winning one may be picked for on in an upcoming update on youtubers life"
,Not Recommended,428690,24072060,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,asfuk,You get bored easily
,Recommended,428690,31666572,Posted: 10 May,all,Tedirony Hellcase.com,nice
,Recommended,428690,31372682,Posted: 26 April,all,918 Spyder,The game tests you patence but also get repetitve but ill keep playing
,Recommended,428690,24492039,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,DeeDeeDoozle,"Many of the things other people have mentioned are valid criticisms of the game, but I feel a lot of the negative feedback is a bit harsh for a game still in Early Access and only 2 months old.It is an incredibly clever and well-thought-out game, but it does have some things that hamper its potential. That said, I spent a solid 20 hours just on one campaign, which is no small time investment. Consider how much more replayability value this game will have as they come out with more and more content. Given the amount they intend to deliver in the weeks and months to come, I don't think $15 is such a steep price to pay, especially at this point in the game's lifespan. (For me, I go by the ""what is my time worth"" rule. If I get paid $10 an hour to work, and I paid $15 for the game, I essentially had to work an hour and a half to play the game for 20 hours, and when I consider that, it feels like a fair tradeoff.)Here is a point where you have the opportunity to help shape and refine the game alongside the creators through careful examination and multiple perspectives. Trial and error is what allows a creator to determine what works and what doesn't. In this instance, you're not just paying $15 to participate in the existing experience. You're paying that fee (which is nominal compared to many other titles lately) to help the developer figure out and provide you with the game you want.Personally, I'm happy with the game as it is. Knowing it's still in early access, I can accept that there are some bugs here and there. The developers are admirably vigilant in their updates and constantly keep in touch with the community to let them know where the project stands. I would recommend buying it sooner rather than later, in case its price happens to increase with the additional content (unless they've indicated that the price is fixed)."
,Recommended,428690,23906281,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,respect the loli,you can be homosexual.you can also have several girlfriends and boyfriends at the same time10/10 would be ♥♥♥♥♥lord again
76561198306131164,Recommended,428690,31771857,Posted: 15 May,all,jamesiscool,If you can get it its the best game on steam
,Recommended,428690,29488170,Posted: 25 January,all,Zoroyn,pretty good
,Recommended,428690,29485636,Posted: 25 January,all,Vindicta,"It's quite a good game, easy to understand and fun it does get a little boring after a while and I lost some interest, but all in all a good game."
,Recommended,428690,29486104,Posted: 25 January,all,robf.willson,Great Game!!!!!!!  So Fun!!!!!! Worth the 10 Pounds I pitched in!
76561198271840132,Recommended,428690,31665911,Posted: 10 May,all,TheRainBowSkirt,I love playing it but I want more fashion! So I'd love love LOVE it if you put the fashion youtubers in.
76561198225207228,Not Recommended,428690,32024396,Posted: 28 May,all,coconot13,Trash boring pretty dumb.
76561198120016132,Recommended,428690,32011102,Posted: 27 May,all,EthanOfEnder,can u stop the game over thing i nearly lost everything for it
,Recommended,428690,32105714,Posted: 1 June,all,Totmomkok,good game
76561198391217617,Recommended,428690,32064274,Posted: 30 May,all,bizzles826,"Great game, very fun, but can get extremely repetitive and boring at times. But for the most part, it is very fun!"
76561198170363046,Recommended,428690,32073578,Posted: 30 May,all,Keagan5328,VERY FUN ONE OF THOSE GAMES WHERE YOU CAN GET ADDICITED TO IT FAST.  CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT UPDATE WHERE THEY IMPLOMENT MORE UTUBE CARRERS.
76561198310910701,Recommended,428690,32077724,Posted: 30 May,all,princessclovers06,This game was fun but thank goodness i got it for 15 $ Cuz its not worth 25! thats ridiculous
76561198386947768,Not Recommended,428690,32031738,Posted: 28 May,all,iamabotformyyt,"Fun at first, but gets boring after a while. Overall I would say not worth buying."
76561198353122922,Recommended,428690,32093977,Posted: 31 May,all,Woof Pug,Very good if you like simulations and stuff like that. a bit laggy for me as i play on a laptop but i am positive it runs just fine on a PC. Amazing game and really fun!
76561198156925435,Not Recommended,428690,24108602,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,JackPlayz,This review is aimed at people with worse computers. I have quite a good computer but it still lags. If you have a bad computer then dont buy thius....
76561198315236961,Recommended,428690,33138995,Posted: 2 July,all,DragonZone,The Best game i played in a while!i played ita lot from where it was early access!And i fell in love with the game super Good Game!
,Recommended,428690,23615953,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,-Deadshot-,Its a very fun game to play when your bored
76561198044259736,Recommended,428690,23328248,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Catatafish,"Got to the space station,4M subs, pretty much maxed out.I'd say it's worth the price tag, but some things game breaking things still exist.As mentioned by a lot of users time moves far too quickly, which is incredibly annoying considering the game rewards you for doing things quicker in many situations ie. 1st impressions.Had one save ruined because of a bug that when finishing a course on a collaborator a window pops up that cannot be closed and the game must be quit.Perfect balance of rng and replay value, I think once they've worked on the game for longer it could be a real hit."
76561198213758697,Recommended,428690,23393779,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Snitcher5OR9,Awsome. play this game if you like a personal tycoon and mix of sims game
76561198301141870,Recommended,428690,23456118,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,CoolingDread,"This game is fun and i can not wait for the other options for you tubers life, but over all awesome game!!!!!"
76561198308200633,Recommended,428690,23507893,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ghostcreeper05,eventhough it costs money it amazing!
,Recommended,428690,23532384,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,typicallyduckie,"LOVE ITMy only downsides (which are very slight) are the friendships seem almost tedious to maintain I feel I am penalized for even the slightest neglect, and the in game 'games' never seem to regain popularity again."
,Recommended,428690,23242835,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Baeyro,"Rating 8/10i want to start out by saying i never ever ever EVER write reviews for games but this one caught my attention and i never thought it would.I personally am all about Mobas,Fps,MMOs,RPGs etc....But i found myself going afk more so on my other games just to be able to continue to play this game. something about slowing acheiveing every single little sub makes it amazing. building from no joke living with your mom to becoming a freaking millionaire managing other youtubers. I've bought a lot of Early Access games and i'm usually disappointed but this one even tho it seems like there is going to be so much more when it's finally released, it's a really polished game only with a few bugs here and there but thats common.The only thing i dislike about the game is the trying to manage 5 different people all at once while also trying to get my tasks done or trying to make sure i stay friends with someone. i wish it took the aspect away from sims, where if your main guy is at the mall or something you can still mess with the people at home making them do things so i don't feel like im just wasting my time being at a ""bar"" just dancing.I would Recommend this game to anyone because i didn't even think i would have liked it but i love it."
76561198119570084,Recommended,428690,23285566,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,cock fighting champ,Best game ♥♥♥♥ing ever 10/10
76561198215585647,Recommended,428690,23319101,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,lawrencejr15,"This game is so addicting and fun,I recommend this game with 9/10,because it\'s so real and it makes you feel like your a Youtuber who has a couple million subs and veiws.9/10!!!!!"
76561198047693659,Recommended,428690,23322464,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,overlord,this is a great game
76561198248892622,Recommended,428690,23338215,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,bill gates,Listen im barley rating this a like there are so many glitchs bugs and god  i deleted my first peofile and when i started agin i had no tuturial no misons no work opertunites nothing!! Please fix this.
,Recommended,428690,23374695,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,★MorielM★,Cool game buy it and try
76561198056968059,Recommended,428690,23438288,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cr0wSteR,"Is a really great and addicting game, especially for an early access"
,Recommended,428690,23228434,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,knobhead,"I would love to have a middle thumbs sign for this game because I love it, but have encountered game-breaking glitches both times i've played through it, both concerning my collaborators and trying to get them to edit videos :/ really disapointing tbh."
76561198114262037,Recommended,428690,23242969,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,nerdyjock48,"Have gotten through to the final house 3 times.Overall it's crazy how much personalization it has. Your style really determines your fans and vice/versa.One play through I played fighting games and that's how i got the most views, and the other i got the most views through reviews. I enjoy that and the skill trees and different consoles and types of gameplay were awesome! Can't wait to play as different kinds of youtubers as they come out.I was dissapointed in the low-reward friending system. In all 3 playthroughs there wan't anything worthwhile enough to put time that could be spent making videos into making friends. I understand that talking to people helps find exclusive items, but the only time I did that was for exclusive consoles and game. I went 1 playthrough with no friends and it was probably the easiest because I never wasted any time.Except for friends and such the only other problem was how fast your channel progresses. Literally as long as I made content at all times I was the number 1 youtuber before I needed to be. It was too easy to surpass everyone else.In most cases looking at comments helped me understand how to become better and what I was doing wrong. And other times in the game I would just straight up hit walls. No matter what I tried in this game, my editing was never good enough despite all the classes and despite all the points put into post-production. I get that there can be high standards especially online, but it felt like a glitch that no matter how good the content was I would never be a good enough editor. Outside of that the only other problem I had was the moving bars for content. The only consistent good videos I mad were 1st impressions and gameplay videos but collabs should have been great but for some reason instead of boosting views all my collabs never worked and once again despite trying everything I couldn't seem to get my fans to like my collabs.Again though this is a highly addictive, well thought out game. It's early access so of course there's bugs, but the game in general is fantastic. Play watch others play it try different things and experiment in the game I discovered a character that I didn't know existed in the game because I tried to make a bad vlog.A very rewarding game overall the only complaints I had were small details in a fairly comprehensive simulator game."
76561198011548805,Recommended,428690,23243297,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,kane31,"Review based on build 0.7.6Youtubers life.....This is a fun game if you like a management sim. Bascialy it's what it is. I find it fun......... However....In it's current state there are numerous bugs and crashes going on. The dev team is looking at player recommendations and adding them. I created a nice guide for the only option that's available at this time... which is gaming U-tuber.You play make your Avatar play games and upload videos (gameplay, first impression, reviews, walkthroughs etc....) earn money based on views and earn subscribers to gain rank in the U-tubers world. You don't actually play different games Instead you select cards to go with the video clips that will be used in the editing process. You edit the clips and effects and upload.See my guide for more infomation. It will provide all the details.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=689953876Move up to different apartments, mansions, and a spacestation......"
,Recommended,428690,23259100,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,AdoboFlakes,"This is one of those games where you tell youself ""I will just play for 30 minutes"" then the next thing you know you see the sun coming up.Great time flyer!"
,Not Recommended,428690,23263817,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,the eagle,startet 5 gamplays now always getting to a bug or glitch to make it impossible to get any further in the game ....great game but not really playable right now
76561198193349567,Recommended,428690,23272956,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Wisemonat,I recommend for those who want to be a Youtuber!and some guy/girl who wants to play.
76561198305802131,Recommended,428690,23288365,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,boggle1996,"I love this game, can't get enough of it. Only problem is when i go to some of the events like VR or other evens i have to pay for, it goes to the loading screen get to 81% then does nothing else. So then i have to close the game and start again and when i go to check the event it's gone. Please fix, thank you."
,Recommended,428690,23389649,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,D'Koda,"For what it is (A game in beta) Its fun. As a youtuber, its also laughable at how unbelievably simplistic it makes it out to be. I definitely like this.Only gripe I have is, because its an unfinished product, the game frequently crashes my computer to a black, unresponsive screen. Not a good experience. Hope the devs patch that bug that causes it as I have no idea whats doing it - I believe it to be random."
76561198310561752,Recommended,428690,23492154,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,jackyboygaming7,this game is sick
,Recommended,428690,23504105,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Digital Reneg4d3,Can't wait to see this game after the full release
76561198264528177,Recommended,428690,23525314,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Sephfire,Very good game but there are a few things that are not good.-Your cpu breaks down to fast- you need to eat to fast at a time (almost before every video)- when you have full lightbulbs you cant even make a fule vid- YOUR WIFE SPENDS ALL YOU MONNEY ON USLESS STUFF!?The firt one is the most stupid for me but for the rest its the best game ever (and i love sims so thats a good thing too)And i am realy waithing for the full game! :)
76561198254670894,Recommended,428690,23532914,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,MimiRedstone,this game is hands down amazing!
76561198189729807,Recommended,428690,23653730,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Holy,I highly HIGHLY recommend this game if you are a fan of youtube/tycoonish games.Its a fun game overall and can be played for hours on end. This game maybe might still be in early access or not if you are reading this in the future but i look forward to see this game be updated more it is a great game i think. I'd give it a 9/10.
76561198248986558,Recommended,428690,23762111,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JesseFromMCSM,"I think the scariest character in the game is your mother.Youtuber's Life is pretty much youtube combined with Sims. You make videos, talk to people, spend money, and boom! #1 youtuber! What bugs me is you can't repair relationships with people who hate you. I hired this guy for a collaborator, he was level 11, one video later, he's level 20, and I can't afford him. So I fire him and now he trolls my videos. This is a really fun game so far.Seriously, your mother is flipping scary.Edit:I now have some more insight. There is a suprising lack of the channels we should have gotten. This game is fully released, but we only have gaming, cooking, and music channels. What?This game is VRY repetitive, so if you're looking for immersive gameplay with new things, don't think this will be it. It's FUN, but not a game where stuff changes. Eat, sleep, get some videos done, maybe go to a convention or party so people don't hate you, then repeat."
,Recommended,428690,23765854,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RovisPlays,very nice game much fun
,Recommended,428690,23190504,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NGS | DDLORD (NL) |,"THIS IS AMAZING I FREEKING LOVE THIS GAME AND ITS CHEAP I LISTED IT BEST GAME IN MY LIBRARY(HOW GOOD IS IT WEL) I GOT 7.5 HOURS IN AND ALREADY GOT 2K IN MY BANK AND GOT A AMAZING SETUP WITH PEEPS WORKING FOR ME, I GOT A LOT OF FRIENDS AND I LOOK JUST AMAZINGLOVE THIS GAME SOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH"
,Recommended,428690,23230556,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Press R to Restart,"Good little game, can't wait to see it once it's done and ready to go.[The following part will try to stay updated to the game]Right now I'm experiencing a ""game breaking"" bug where at the start of the game, the friend you play a game for never asks you to go out to a party, making it impossible to unlock the clothing store and further along makes it impossible to move on as they will never ask you to move out with them. I played the game once and it went well, deleted that file and now it does that, don't know if it cause I deleted a file thta triggers that, but it be fun to see that problem fixed as soon as you guys have time. Other than that the game is pretty great."
,Recommended,428690,23259721,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Happy Panda,This is the kind of game that when you start playing you won't put it away i have played it for 5 hrs straight and now i stopped. You should buy it!!!
,Recommended,428690,23304492,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Zara,"While thankfully you don't have to worry about sim stuff like the bathroom or cleanliness, the time does go rather fast for a single day. It took my sim 3 hours to go to the kitchen and eat something before he managed to come back. This game can be pretty rough on you if you try and level up too fast.HOWEVER, despite saying that, I can easily say this is one of the best games I've played in awhile. I need to study, I need to eat, I need to sleep and yet I was able to play this game for a very long time without stopping or ever wanting to stop.The realistic contrast of juggling Youtube life and a social life makes for very interesting game play. Filled with lots of people wanting to get in touch with you, people asking for help with their games on top of you making your own games or collaborating with others. Then there's money to worry about, food, copyright issues (lol)I highly recommend it, regardless of whether you have a life or not, this is one game that should definitely not slip between the cracks. I'll be very interested in how they make an already addictive game like this even better."
,Recommended,428690,23333847,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,gdogwoof,"PROS-Friends-Tons of money-Fame-Subscribers on Youtube-Tons of viewsCONS-Everything above is only in the game, not real life."
,Recommended,428690,23338856,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mackenzie Wagner,"This game is alright. I mean there is some glitches that just make me reset the game which is ridiculous.Some glitches are-If you assign your workers a video before you go to a party; when you comeback your command totally reset and your workers are just wondering-I have the mansion and I need to upload a lot of videos. My only problem is that the mansion appears to have more then 1 tv but everyone has to use the same TV which wastes my time only putting up 1 video at a time.-When I press ""see course"" on my worker, my screen freezes and I have to reset my game.-My player has no logic when choosing a computer, they should add a feature where the player should just use the computer nearest because I often scramble around the house when the computer was right next to me.-The game gets really slow over 1 mil subscribers especially in the mansion.-I get kicked from my network everytime for no reason, I go to the events and upload but the network continues to kick me.-Later in the game I never have enough points to complete editing a video, I run out which makes me stop the video in the middle.-You should be able to change your characters physical features whenever you want.-When the vendors at partys and events give you a task for a free item, you still end up paying.-Whats the point of the upstairs of the mansion when have the rooms are empty.-I buy a lot of PC equpment in the game, when you have more then 1 computer in the house, you should be able to passdown computers because whenever I upgrade, the enitial one just gets discarded, i'd like if I could move it to a diffrent station because thats how I lose money.-Going to events are pointless because you lose nothing and can just chat with friends online.-I don't like how I have to waste my time assigning my workers things to make videos on, in real life they do what they want, just let them make a video and I get to approve of it, I don't need to assign them.This game is alright, I mean it's obviously new, however I paid for it. I hope my recomendations are consideres and other people in the community can agree with me."
,Recommended,428690,23371866,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[D]NoFear,Sims + Game Dev Tycoon = Youtubers Life
,Recommended,428690,23508685,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,KDemre,My wife doesn't sleep and my channel lost a lot of subscribers and i haven't got money but this game is beatiful
76561198007796334,Recommended,428690,23528331,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Hawkeye,"Really like this game so far, but it has bugs (one that is really annoying) and some changes I'd like to see when the game is released.Disclaimer: I quite enjoy this game despite the many problems I'm listing below. It has bags of potential and I've put many hours of gametime into it so far1. Game moves to fast.This is split into two parts, one is in menus when you're choosing shopping etc the time doesn't pause, meaning when you're looking at things to buy you lose several hours of play which an be quite costly (especially if you have invitations to go too). There's a lot of stuff to buy and I want to be able to explore what's on offer but I don't have time to llok at everything.Second is the game moves way too fast with no ability to pause time, when making videos it takes a day, if you have invitations you can completely miss them. Also there's no distinction between daytime/night time, it'd be nice to have some recognition of each day passing instead of just sitting there and make videos nonstop and only sleeping when you're energy get's too low. A functional pause is a necessity and either the game time has to slow down and/or there must be some automatic pauses in windows/editing time.2. Way too many invitations. In late game there is at least one a day, if you accept them all you'll end up being out the house all day with no opportunity to make videos (which is pretty much the idea of the game).3. Pretty much a balancing thing: However well I edit videos all the ""negative"" comments are people saying that the editing is bad. That could be because I've not found/done something or it could be improved.4. Games are released to often and get 'unpopular' too fast. At first I'm geared towards 'first impression' videos but I have problems keeping up with the new games, with the rapid speed of the game when I pick up a game it's often too late to get a video done within the optimal time.Bug: I'm unable to make collab videos as there is a big bug, after the responses to playing the game the character just sits at the computer and does nothing, the only way to resolve this is exiting the game and loading it again. Which loses what you did before but you still lose time and energy."
,Recommended,428690,23535722,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,TERTIUM,I like it. It's really fun and I spend more time to play it.
76561198159738347,Recommended,428690,23556831,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Anonymous (csgolive.com),"The game is very awesome, but it will be very more cool if it has subtitles in portuguese."
76561198205594543,Recommended,428690,23263188,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,RedSpicyNinja,I think this game has a lot of potential but still needs a bit of workFor some reason I have no events on my phone and my sisters game does
76561198135724791,Recommended,428690,23314129,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,nathboy1122,"very good game, can be a short game but its still earky days and expecting lots more content to be added thumbs up and worth the buy"
76561198024052123,Recommended,428690,23366735,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Roden,"The game is addicting, however the bugs tend to slow down interest in the game as you progress. This game should be great once its fully released and all the bugs and new content has been added. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,428690,23382795,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CSundead12,I love this as ive played at a friends but when i try to open it on my account it doesn't respond.i spent 10.99 on this i hope thats for nothing!
76561198261176162,Recommended,428690,23384310,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,KawaiiNarwhal,It's the best
,Recommended,428690,23311806,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Coolbloxxie,"Makes 4 CS Clone VIdeos, gets bad results.Look for literally anyone who plays CS:GO on youtube.'1/10, unrealistic."
,Recommended,428690,23484671,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Stag,It is an awesome startegy game and fun'i love itgood game for time pass
76561198310952937,Recommended,428690,23500976,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jasminegiorgio697,Fab
,Recommended,428690,23521911,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ray,"I love this game! When you liked ""The Sims"" you like this too."
,Recommended,428690,23629584,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,BuckiStudios | Hellcase.com,"Oh my god! So cool! I love it! YouTubers from Germany Love it! And  :  Now is YouTubers Life 1 Month old, and one of the Best Simulation Games ive Ever played. Please, please, please make more for this Game! And the New Cards System is the Best of your Ideas. !INFO! - There is an Bug, that you hear by some Guys the Voice double. Spooky!!! Please fix-I give this game at this moment a 9.3/10 <--- Get Changed when its getting better and better. When the Hard Bugs get Fixed and everything with the German Translation is good, (You can use me to Translate :DDDDDDDD (Joke)) and there is a difficutly option - Then i give a better! :)Have a nice day!!BUY THIS GAME AND YOU ARE THE BEST TO SUPPORT THEM , DONT CRACK IT!!!"
,Recommended,428690,23209020,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,goshhhh :b,"What a great game!Within 2 days, i got 12 hours in this, and i really enjoyed it. Its simple, but if you want to  make a ""real Youtub star"", you need to make some tactics, and play with strategy. I hope this game will grow bigger, and the game developers will make a better and much bigger version or part 2 of this game. Totally worth this ~15 euros."
76561198277979236,Recommended,428690,23244322,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Heroblake,"its not good so far, sometimes it randomly kicks me out of the game, also i was going to gaming world and it was loading and froze at 81%, but besides these bugs the game is really good"
,Recommended,428690,23311886,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,A Day Late,"I am really enjoying this game, looking for more updates, and other modes coming out than being a YouTuber just for ""Gaming"". 10/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,428690,23336415,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,C | o u d y - AFK,Fun in the beginning and just gets repetitive with no replay value.
,Recommended,428690,23455602,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,nesquik nibba,Youtubers Life is a Sims/Game Tycoon alloy and it works great. You manage your YouTube channel as well as your personal life and try hard to keep with the trends and stay financially comfortable.The game has a long way to go before it can be properly released but I'll follow it the whole way and I'd reccomend it to anyone that wants to chill out with a game for once.
,Recommended,428690,23480131,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Aqua__Tech,"Great game, like the graphics and concept, but when I got back on today, I was back in my parents house, I had zero money, no subs, and all my viewers where gone, also, (wierdest of all) my character switched to my wife... I am uterly confused and have no idea how to respond."
76561198144596731,Recommended,428690,23485280,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,its time to get serious,"Great game, just a few suggestions for upcoming changes/-Extend game hours. You waste a lot of time because of that.-Change the collaborator system. Every time I make one of my collabs do a video, later on it unexpectedly gives them a raise. You should make it so that I can give them a raise if they're working hard enough.-Sometimes my collabs freeze at random, right in the middle of recording.Otherwise, great game."
76561198264096711,Recommended,428690,23511861,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,CR7HDX,BEST GAME EVER 10/10
76561198117916479,Recommended,428690,23075892,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Frank West Rising,very nice..just 1 thing.it sometime collide with other ai in the game and kinda stuck.so have to quit and load the game again.
,Recommended,428690,23207144,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Umbreon,"This game is cool, but it would be better if you can continue playing after buying your own appart (because we can't, the game crash) and a french language can be cool too."
,Recommended,428690,23208246,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Inspector,"This game is good, but it have some bad sides:1.No low screen resolutions, like 800x600. I have a bad PC, and for those, who has such thing as mine, will need that.2. No Russian language. I don't understand, why there's no Russian in some games. Russians is a big community and you just missing that opportunity to make community of game even bigger.3. Crashes.That's all, what I wanted to tell. This game is awesome."
76561198258501119,Recommended,428690,23257513,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Love Waffle,Much Roomate Hate
,Recommended,428690,23285633,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,aliestigers,Loving the game! super intense! but i keep freezing when im loading on for the convention :(
,Recommended,428690,23319594,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,NaCl,Really good game! Almost like a Sims game.I can\'t wait to see what else will come to this game with updates in the future!
76561198011984677,Recommended,428690,23379455,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,BraastadXO,"This is really good for an early access game, this review will reflect just that; Early Access.I found out that I suddenly had sunk ~20 hours into this game, which ironically is one of this games biggest flaws at this stage; Time.You are given a bunch of tasks, and a very short time in which to complete them. When the ingame-clock progresses when you're in menus, changing clothes or creating videos, this makes you feel like you have to be on your toes every split-second. Before you know it, an in-game week has passed and you were nowhere near able to complete the tasks you were given, seeing as you in that time also need to sleep, eat, work and study.It gets a little better once you can afford hiring collaborators to make videos for you, but when you yourself decide to chip in (afterall, you are the big cahuna), it feels like the in-game clock discourages you to do so. Because while you are editing, picking clips to use and putting them together, time still runs and you cannot upload your collabs videos until you're done yourself.This game still has a ways to go to iron out some minor flaws, but it's definately worth checking out. If the above seems discouraging, try once the game has been released."
,Recommended,428690,23486045,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,PoPeK ˣᴰ,It is a ok game.There are many bugs but it will be fixedIf you want it to buy then go ahead but after some time the game will start getting boring.
76561198307590812,Recommended,428690,23640337,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CrushNeedle,it is very laggy but a nice game to play
,Recommended,428690,23257459,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,GODkekyS,loveeeeeeeeeee<3
76561198003565059,Recommended,428690,23258162,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,chriscalvat,"only played 3 hours so far but the 3 hours I have played have been fun, it's very much like a waterted down version of the Sims in the way you interact with others in the game and the more you do the more social options it gives you with them such as dating and kissing, I was a bit confused at first on how video editing worked but I am getting the hang of it now and a lot of it seems to come down to pure luck of the draw becuase you can end up with a bad run of drawn cards and end up with a crap video that your better off just scrapping and starting again.but all in all it's a fun game so far ^^"
76561198097528994,Recommended,428690,23285617,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Irish,"It's a pretty solid game actually.PROS:- Style of game, great idea for a youtuber trying to blog and post videos for rep/ad money- Lots of upgrades, many computer updates, when buying new homes you get the option for better computer/internet/etc- Cartoon style graphics, I think it fits the game well- Long lasting play, spent a few nights going through my 'life' and it kept me engaged- Lots to do already considering it's early access, feels like a complete gameCONS:- Slightly buggy menu system, the menu/UI feels very lacking/not yet developed. Hopefully more coming for that- Can lose some videos/etc. Maybe bug, but I blame the UI as well. If you goto an event and do an interview and also do a selfie/video blog you lose your interview or vlog. So even though you create 2 things, one just disappears- Very light tutorial/explanation. Still trying to understand exactly how to edit the videos, if it matters to line up all the tabs or not. Or even how sometimes it seems impossible as you don't have enough 'lightbulbs' to reach the end so your video doesn't cose properly. (For those that don't own it, you get up to about 12 different segments of video to edit, sometimes you run out of 'stamina' and can't properly end the video. So you post it unfinished, people seem to still enjoy it all the same though)- Audio is slightly poor, terrible talking audio and the background music is only like 20 seconds long and just repeats forever. Hoping more to come since it's just early access.It's absolutely worth the price though. Considering it's early access and has only been on steam for about a week it's one of the better Early Access games I've played."
,Recommended,428690,23323180,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Jessie,"I was really excited for this game after I saw a few Youtubers play it.I\'ve been playing ot for a little and I still enjoy it, but now I can no longer stop tasks that my character is doing. My intern, or whatever you want to call them, was making a video in manuel and I told my character to finish her class. Then the tasks for my intern wouldn\'t go away no matter how many times I clicked the little play button next to it. He\'d just sit on the computer. I thought maybe if I closed the game it would be okay. Nope, now all tasks just vanished. I can\'t stop thing anymore because nothing shows up. I don\'t want to talk to someone anymore, too bad. I don\'t want to sleep anymore, too bad. I got rather far and now I have to start all over, I\'m rather disappointed I spent money on this.I know it\'s in the early stages, but still. I\'d still recommend it, but be ready that you might get this same bug."
,Recommended,428690,23258070,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Craftymess334,I love this game so much I have been playing it none stop you should definitely buy it!!!
,Recommended,428690,23258084,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,FaZe Omegaaa,"I have played this game. I got it this morning and i got to the last house within 8 hrs of game time. Yes, i wont deny that this game is incredibly fun but once you finished it, unless theres a major update i dont see myself playing it again. However, it is worth the money"
76561198162781295,Recommended,428690,23261414,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Stabby McStabberson,Go out to study. Come back to find my Mom yelling at me for not studying. 10/10 for realism.
76561198006295153,Recommended,428690,23261694,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,marklininak,Great game for the price. Clever and kinda unique.  Keep it coming.
,Recommended,428690,23268876,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,England is my city,I played this game for a while now and i have to say: This game is really good and fun to play. I founded some things that happens inreal life to! Thankyou for making this game! -Alec
76561198307020673,Recommended,428690,23287501,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,avajc17,good awesome game but for me very glithey and there is heaps of lag PLEASE FIX and i will be able to enjoy and play the game
76561198271851323,Recommended,428690,23347009,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,GoldenGuy566,Great Game! Very Addictive but I have a few problems. 1. Whenever I go to the convention in your 1st houuse it always gets stuck loading at 81% (I have tried on 3 characters) And i just have to sit waiting for the time to be up (5 minutes) Also on one account i cant go to any events and i am already in a 2 floor apartment. The final bone I have to pick is that once you get higher up in subs/houses you yourself rarely do work because of how much time it takes and how much food/energy it takes to make a decent video so if the developers could make it so you dont loss sleep and hunger as fast when u make a vid it would be much better (Now all i have to do is make my  collaberators do my work) But other than these things the game is a lot of fun.
76561198133639926,Recommended,428690,23380772,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,υикиσωи,Very good game
76561198118700433,Recommended,428690,23451965,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lil Boat,"The game is brilliant, yet there are some flaws like, if you get to luxary apartment you can glitch out and have to force quit and open the game back up, but when you get past these problems you have a wounderful time. Notice the game is still in development but, you still have hours and hours of gameplay that never ends! Trust me 19 hours of gameplay and I'm not half way through the game, it is a good time killer. Although the time in game passes about 10 seconds irl time 1 hour ing time who would want a 20 minuet hour spand anyways? The sims has a similar time spand so, Idek what people complain about it for. The game works fine with non-beefed up computers and even though my macbook is one of the best it can be made to be, it can run this game without half of it's advantages. Anyway as I said great game very much recomend it."
,Recommended,428690,23462524,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sean,"This game is very addictive! I hope the Early Access gives move before the initial release! These are my rules for this game:Step 1: Make a Video.Step 2: Upload the Video.Step 3: Profit.If anyone turns down this game, they need to just learn to play more. You can't hate a game you got after a few minutes of gameplay. Just keep working hard on the game!"
,Recommended,428690,24030447,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kessa,"I've really been enjoying this game!   Honest.  Except for the time issue.  I've had weeks go by while I'm editing a video or just trying to scroll through the social media.  Since you aren't allowed to do this during other actions, it really skews the gameplay.  A help menu or a more descriptive tooltip and/or tutorial would also help this game out a lot.I'm sure in the end this will be worth the price I paid for it.  This is Early-Access after all."
76561198211275213,Recommended,428690,29098421,Posted: 7 January,all,Greenz,"Good game although, it gets boring after a while"
76561198093256492,Not Recommended,428690,29815854,Posted: 9 February,all,mart0n96,"In my opinion, the game gets very repetitive. It's a lot of clicking around your room and making sure you have enough money to get the next best thing. The game, however, progresses along a fairly rewarding curve. If you don't mind grinding away watching the same animations to make semi-meaningful progress, this is your game! If you are looking for a more comprehensive sim, this is probably not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,428690,30345806,Posted: 5 March,all,Georgie Roots,"Feel robbed as an EA customer. avoid this game and the developers, we were promised so much and they came through on about 20% of it. I dont know what went wrong."
,Not Recommended,428690,23809848,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xlrion,"I missed the rent day and the game decided to waste 40+minutes of my life. No option to pay rent ahead of time, no notification that the date is coming up. Because I couldn't afford rent, I wasn't just kicked out or downgraded. Nope, I got rolled back over 40 minutes of gameplay.I wasn't low on funds at all, I just didn't have the rent at the exact (surprise) moment. Had I known when it was, I would have had rent. Literally 10 seconds before rent came up, I spent so much more than that on upgrades. You could have literally given me a 15 second heads up that rent was due and I would have been fine. However instead I am waaaaaay behind.I promise you this'll be fixed when/if this game is released because anyone with half a ♥♥♥♥ing brain knows that this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game mechanic ontop of that."
76561198305750824,Not Recommended,428690,31223445,Posted: 18 April,all,Emily,"I brought this game about a week after its release and I have to say that I was dissapointed. Youtubers Life is a great idea for a game but that idea was not presented correctly. For one the price is far too high for what the game is, a casual reality simulator where you earn money from posting videos, which you cannot do much to change content on. I realise I have been quite negative about the game as there are a few nice additions that make gameplay enjoyable. The characters you can meet are well presented and have clear motives and ideas. The way in which you earn money and gain views is also realistic and if the game had not cost so much I would have given a much better review. I advise on waiting for a sale if you are going to buy as it is not worth the full price.Overall 6/10Please do not let this review stop you from buying the game as my only big fault with the game is the pricing."
,Recommended,428690,25239033,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ostrich,"It's a great game, but the 'fire a collaborator' animation should be more like ""I'm sorry, but it's too expensive"" rather than ""NO I'M FIRING YOU AND THAT'S FINAL!""."
,Not Recommended,428690,23546489,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Zozerozos,"I really don't know why I even bought this.Coming from a guy that's been doing YouTube for over three years and a total of over 1000 videos, why on Earth would someone want to play this?Being a YouTuber is a pretty repetitive lifestyle, at least it is for me.That is of course my main complaint with this game, it's so boring and repetitive.I know it's a video game, and not an exact simulation of the real world, but the amount of subscribers/views/likes you get so early on is unreal.The game's time also flies by so fast, it's borderline ridiculous in all honesty.There is just no where near enough content in the game as it is, maybe once they add all the other different types of channels, it will begin to have more variety and an actual fun game.I honestly don't see how people like this, of course to each their own, you can like/play whatever you want.Just as a game itself, it's boring. It's repetitive. It feels like a bad rip-off of The Sims."
,Not Recommended,428690,29871610,Posted: 12 February,all,gerbal1337.xyz csgogem.com,Kinda boring.
76561198001107938,Not Recommended,428690,29881516,Posted: 12 February,all,Strife,"The game is full of bugs and gltiches, i can't get any longer in the game because the mouse cursor is cliking everything taht  beneath it, instead of what im trying to click.So i try to make my companion make a video, it goes to caht with him all the time.it's a shame really, this game could have been very fun."
,Not Recommended,428690,23424335,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Water Gun,"It's fun yntil you have to pay bills. Then hire a collaberator. I was at -1320 dollars. Then when I got all my money back, I had to pay bills, got a game over and it set me back to -1320 dollars. I couldn't refund so I let my sister play this game on my computer.3/10"
76561198271833885,Not Recommended,428690,30226530,Posted: 27 February,all,Dr.Pepper,Just repetetive and boring
76561198351814667,Recommended,428690,28648684,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JediGamer14,"Very fun game i've spent hours playing it and intend on playing it for much more the way you can make your channel and make friends,i just love playing it and its a causal game but still very very fun to play."
,Recommended,428690,32118298,Posted: 1 June,all,skylandminer,"This is a fun game, it's a good sim game."
,Not Recommended,428690,32888962,Posted: 27 June,all,T.L.,"Incompelet game, not balanced"
76561198328082043,Not Recommended,428690,32901401,Posted: 27 June,all,QTSAMMMM,i
76561198316337793,Recommended,428690,31923665,Posted: 23 May,all,XD Yugioh,this game amazing
,Recommended,428690,28884686,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ThunderYetis,This is a good game
76561198014899203,Not Recommended,428690,24164836,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,FreddyFish,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I'd rather shove rocks up my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead of playing this game.
,Not Recommended,428690,31294612,Posted: 22 April,all,stromertrooper,"dumb and broken, like this review."
76561198308381222,Recommended,428690,32957009,Posted: 28 June,all,queenlillypants,Fantastic
76561198307214142,Recommended,428690,30739729,Posted: 25 March,all,RealNovaYT,"This game is absolutely the best youtube simulator i have ever played and believe me i've played a lot!!!!!!!!!!!If you have enough money and you want a game that will keep you playing for hours I recommend this game!Good luck to the developers!Sincerely, Happy Customer!!!!! :)"
76561198150474022,Recommended,428690,23258885,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hynt3r,"Some bugs, ok gameplay, unrealistic how many subs you get quickly. 8/10"
,Recommended,428690,23601602,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Euer Vater,"Since the last update I can't make Videos anymore ,every time I try it there are no cards or Emojisnow 45 hours and about 14 million subscribers are ''gone''"
76561198308075850,Recommended,428690,23428887,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Hunter,The funnest roll play game i've played in a year more or less
,Not Recommended,428690,23426564,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kenz,Ok so this is one of my first official reviews... This game is very very very repetitive you make videos you go to a job make a video eat. This game is very mediocre if you wanna play a tycoon style game get Game Dev Tycoon I have so many hours in that I can multiple the 1.8 hours I chave on this by 20. This game is sad and could be more don't buy it if you don't like doing the same thing over over and over again.
76561198271827267,Recommended,428690,23425514,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[Floating]BananaBoi,I love this game and i think anyone else who enjoys hard sorking games that keep your brain switched on would too
76561198183051847,Recommended,428690,23662183,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Galaxy_Pimp Earn.gg,Fun game
,Recommended,428690,33047328,Posted: 30 June,all,TROUBLE MAKER,This game is really really like youtubers life in this world
,Recommended,428690,24336647,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Greater Dog,Fun Gameplay and the aspects are nice but i have a couple problems:1. too fast time2. it kinda gets easy after having 1-2 collaborators.anyways i love this game!4.25/5
,Recommended,428690,24331396,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Phoenix,"This is an awesome game. And it is a really good youtube based game, it may involve som bugs, but come on it's an early access game. If you think this game is not that good, OK. Then try and make a game your self (with some friends) den you will see it is not that easy. I think this game can be an AWESOME GAME!"
76561198140938382,Not Recommended,428690,24116448,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dont Bully Me Online,very bland and a bad experience
,Recommended,428690,23885772,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JunLiang,I get more subscribers in this game than in real life.:')
,Recommended,428690,24005928,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuperTeeds,"I think this game is absolutely fun!There are a few things the developers could work on... But this game is still early access so there is so much more to be released. For an early access game I think it's super worth to put some time into.Things they could fix:1. Time is super fast.2. A way to speed up/slow down time just like in Sims! (Studying for courses feels like it takes forever.)3. Too many invitations to events, it makes me feel like I'm losing friendship points and opportunities everytime I decline.4. The game does not pause when you're doing something in-game5. More character customization, although I don't mind the primitiveness of it. I'm sure there are people out there that would like to make their character to their own, their own uniqueness.Why you should support this game:1. You get to make videos, earn money and reach fame.2. Form relationships and make collabs!3. Upgrading from your small room living with your parents to a fab mansion.4. Decorate your space!5. The good feeling when your video does well.There is so much potential in this game still, as it is still in early access I do believe the developers will do their best to achieve a fun, addicting game!"
,Not Recommended,428690,24037126,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,On_My_Way_Up,This is game is not what i expected i came into this game with expectations and i came out with a rip off
76561198155251774,Recommended,428690,24792517,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TheHardCandy,It was kind of tricky to figure out the editting and other things. Turned out to be real simple. Once I got how it all worked it started to become a fun game. Would be nice if they added a fast forward button and added a possibility to change looks at any point.
76561198116175145,Recommended,428690,23848241,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ElizaJane,"Originally, I got this only because my little brother is really into youtubers and the idea of the game. Its a little like sims with the ballance of being a student, wanna be youtuber (with social and political influances that come along with it), and friendships. For people who are ok with more tedious aspects of games like these (waiting for the characters to finish talking to eachother, video ""editting,"" waiting for your mini tuber to get home from work/school) it can be rather entertaining."
,Recommended,428690,24173768,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cooper.904,>Get bad grades>Mom takes monitor away>Go into a man rage hiss fit>Never will i ever not study again10/10 study sim
76561198120781905,Not Recommended,428690,24730183,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lord Nobody,"Such a good idea for a game, but it is so glichy. It crashes almost every 10-20 min. Sometimes if I trie to make a video it will glich and make my character stop moving. Then it goes unresponding and crashes, when I restart it I lose progress. If they would fix these annoying bugs it would be such a good game!"
76561198316529883,Not Recommended,428690,24218898,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,tmmmurder,When you join the game you crash.
,Recommended,428690,24383856,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Splastic,"good game, reconmend buying if you like the sims its simular to that just less actions"
,Recommended,428690,24530803,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Detro 🎃,"I like how it lets you experience what a Youtuber might have to go through.So far its really good, though i think the game needs a little more updates.Updates like to help stop the glitching of the faces, and so on.So far i am enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,428690,30989625,Posted: 6 April,all,𝖑𝖎𝖙𝖙𝖑𝖊𝖟𝖟,"This review is my personal Opinion on the game. i will be reviewing the main features of the game. Thank you.Why did i buy this game?It was ok, i bought it when gaming was the only channel.They added cooking and music.They are basically the same as gaming.A accurate example of how to play the gameYou start off in your bedroom.You make a video about gaming/music/cooking ( they are the same thing.)You make a video you upload you study 3 times you eat you sleep repeateventually you get a job and put off the job.When you get enough money you can move in with a friend now you have to buy food.You get a job and you can study stuff like editing.you can also upgrade your equipment.you basically make more videos level up moreuntil you can afford your own house.you also get invites too work at a kitchen, sing at a concert, or go to a gaming convention. (Same thing)you can flirt and get a boyfriend/girlfriend (Gender does not matter there all npc's coded the same way)If you marry them they do Nothing.You can collaberate with them. (Same thing as before)Now if you go 10 seconds without making a video your people hate youthis get's boring and repetetive.So you hire a editor now you do nothing in the game till you get 10million subscribers. Then you close the game. Uninstall the game. And write a negative review on the gameHonestly get the sims 4, 3, 2, 1. Even the sims free play is better.This game should be free. On the appstore not on steam.When the game came out they promised more cosmetic features and all youtube jobs,we got 3 and very limited cosmetic features.If you want this game get it, You will regret it.Final thoughtsI do not recommend this game unless it is under $1.99It is the sims but worse (And more expensive if we're talking sims 3.)The game is repetetive and boring.You can't customize a house.You can't kill people.You just make videos.Final review: 1/10""Just get the sims."""
76561198297202694,Recommended,428690,24189359,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kriss25,"This game is really fun to play because you get to see what a youtuber has to do to become famous. I really recomend this game to people who want to have fun everyday just like me. Thank you for making this game, its worth it :D"
76561198315078456,Recommended,428690,24097135,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Xt4gamer,LOVE THE GAME!!! PLAY OVER 7 HOURS OF THE GAME A DAY!!! NEVER ENDING FUN!!
,Not Recommended,428690,24368569,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Left,"Half of what's shown in the screenshots there isn't implanted in the game,Im disappointed."
76561198307817580,Recommended,428690,24231346,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,isabela9094ever,"I really like this game. The gameplay is smooth for the most part, the graphics are nice and it's a fairly simple game to play. Now, being that this is an early release, I would like to comment on some ""bugs"" that could be fixed before the product release:- Sometimes when I get a game delivered to me, I open the package but when I go to play the game it's not on my shelf. So I paid for the game or have an order to fulfill and now I have no game and no way to even re-purchase it from the game store._ The above mentioned problem also happens for PC parts. I ordered a ton of parts together but the packages come in one at a time. I guess that messed up the game because my webcam never upgraded and for the webcam description it read the microphone's info. It's frustrating because I have no way to re-purchase the webcam so I am stuck with a less quality camera until a newer one comes out.- Chattiing to friends and talking takes way too much time.- Work hours and work pay isn't really proportional. 10 hrs for $50? That's $5 an hour!Honestly, while the above mentioned things are frustrating, it doesn't ruin the game for me. I've played almost 10 hrs in 2 days. Nice game, just fix the bugs please!"
76561198160443712,Recommended,428690,23814399,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ShatterFusion,Fun game but shallow. Not much else to explore and try out after a few hours.
76561198308793235,Not Recommended,428690,24222253,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,coolzoe12,after the update they added ever time i buy sometime it does not show up
76561198308002268,Recommended,428690,24071810,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Unknown,it is very fun but there is a lot of gllitches like when i leave to the cineman in the game and i come back i tried to press continue it  will glitch and not let me to continue
,Recommended,428690,24290028,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Amai,"The game is very fast, addicting, and fun.BUT... the time goes by EXTREMELY fast... A company asked for a recording of a game, I started the moment I got the notification, and when it was rendering, they said I took too long."
,Recommended,428690,27773705,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tyler,"In my vision, this game is very addicting and keeps me playing... It's really hard for me to like a game without it being refunded in under 24 hours. It's a really great game, the graphics are really toonish, and has a lot of bright colors. The game its self is good so far, but very frustrating to keep your like/dislike ratio balanced.I think this will be a great game, and I think it'll go far even though other people died out of it.Thank you for making such a amazing game!"
76561198285363098,Recommended,428690,26434505,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,EpiNoF ^-^,nice
,Recommended,428690,24352337,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,SithWizard,This game is very fun and addictive.  I hope to see more added on to it.  I would give this game a solid 8 out of 10!
,Not Recommended,428690,32850752,Posted: 27 June,all,NitayGG,Dont fun after 2day
76561198414939968,Recommended,428690,34574089,Posted: 29 August,all,Haiylee,A good game to chill.
,Recommended,428690,23130000,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rest,Pretty RealisticSource: Am Youtuber
76561198196134379,Recommended,428690,23499333,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,I drive a Hybrid,I think it's one of the better and funnier money making games. Its kept me playing and the game seems to be looking to improve with other channel types.
,Recommended,428690,23590693,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hina,"Cute, slightly addicting but it kind of slows down? Naming everything is what keeps me going. Probably one of the best 'Early Access' games I've played to date. I can't wait to see what full release will bring."
76561198026413643,Not Recommended,428690,23338165,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,GloomyGhost,It'll get straight to the point: THIS IS A BORING GAME.Maybe if you're still curious and it goes on sale for at least 75% off then pick it up but not before then. Just play the Sims instead.
76561197999112518,Not Recommended,428690,23411390,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,zyzz,Very tedious game. There's no actual challenge to it; it's just a grinder.
76561198007363210,Recommended,428690,23109304,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Uncle Magic,"I definitely think the game has tons of issues that need to be fixed, including localization issues, some rather tedious aspects of gameplay, a better explanation of the mechanics, an improved social system, and perhaps the removal of the clothing system for anything but aesthetic reasons, or maybe if clothes affect your video in some way.  But there is the kernel of something interesting here.Anyone familiar with Game Dev Tycoon is aware of this kind of game, but there's more control while also more randomized elements in the making of each product.  You have to produce videos with varying sorts of clips in them, such as an intro, a transition, a comment, and a close.  It isn't always the same.  You get new cards by ranking up.  Each time you are deal three cards and must use one to satisfy the need of the video at a particular time.  Sometimes you have perfect cards dealt to you to make a great video and other times you don't get more than one or two to align.I like this system because it makes it so there is some randomization to the success and failure while still leaving the ultimate quality up to the player.  In addition to this, there's a lot of Sims type stuff in the game and I think these are my least favorite parts of the game.Overall it's an interesting game that needs a lot of work but can be pretty good eventually.  I'd pick it up now if you like this style of game, like I do."
,Recommended,428690,24410533,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,terrariaaaron,Reely good! Makes me want to YouTube.
76561198007408742,Recommended,428690,24061417,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,StuDucky,"A truly addictive game, I'd very much recommend it :D"
,Recommended,428690,28428140,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,yowgamr,Good game. I can even have two wives :D
76561198021701864,Not Recommended,428690,25972712,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,tigereyez229,"This game commits the ultimate sin of gaming: being boring.The first couple of hours of this game are interesting, because you're seeing and doing new things. After about the 3 hour mark, however, the game gets incredibly repetitious. Some of the objectives were rather obtuse and difficult to figure out, and some were just flat out broken for me. Overall this game is just shallow and unengaging. Spend your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,428690,28469984,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Snow,"It's a fun game, I enjoy it.. Worth the money if you like Simulation Games :)"
76561198311359511,Recommended,428690,28381190,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ToasterTheKnight,Very good game! I recommend it the only bad thing is you only eat and sleep like once a week otherwise the game is very realistic!
,Not Recommended,428690,23146321,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GamerGirlfriend01,"Ok overall this game is fun and addictive BUT there are a few bugs. First bug is when i buy anything online the box comes then disappears and never comes back, yet my money is still gone. Second bug is when i got to my second apartment my computer broke and i fixed it and then it wouldn't let me record videos at all so i tried upgrading it and still couldn't use it. Thrid bug is i started a course didn't finish it fully and it didn't let me finish it even though i paid for it. I think that those are all the bugs effecting me now if not i'll post more later, im going to give this a bad rating so people can see this."
76561198065942171,Not Recommended,428690,23392030,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DreamLegacy,"I know it's an early access title, but it is not great. I'll list a few of the problems I have with the release at this time:>The interface is incredibly clunky and needlessly complicated.>Interactions around the apartment are a pain due to the horrible controls>Escape doesn't X out of popped up windows>The tutorials are strangely-paced out and withhold critical information.>Subscribers demand a new video very often, leaving little time for interactions with friends (surely this is meant to be a ""realistic"" feature, but it's pretty obnoxious)>Interactions outside the home are incredibly shallow. I thought my game stalled during a ""movie"" scene.>Editing software is frustrating until updated. Seems almost random in nature. This especially is where the tutorial falls flat.Hopefully further refinement through the early access platform will put an end to some of these worries. Right now the game is not what I'd consider much fun due to the frustrating elements listed above. That said, the concept is inherently interesting, and I hope the game finds its way."
76561198072875915,Recommended,428690,23518906,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,GamingRacerHD,Great Game!
76561198097806264,Recommended,428690,23359930,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sans,Its so good the first time i played it i really loved it now i love it even more its worth the buying you should really buy it your missing out its the bestest game ever
,Recommended,428690,26501007,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Teslä // SoStronk.com,"Chibi Graphics and fun game. More like The SIMS with the youtuber feature.It can be better like adding multiple chanell at once.Still while making collaborative videos, my video partner stands up and leaves . Then I sit there all day long waiting for him to comeback and continue the video, but boom we have to starts again , and then he leaves.Still It's actually recommended to play and well worth the price it provides to the buyers.:)"
76561198008530289,Recommended,428690,26225512,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,fyreblayd33,While this game is still in the developement stage it is still fun to play.  They started with the gaming channel and that was a lot of fun to play.  Now they have brought out the music channel it has brought a whole new set of fun challenges.  I will urge everyone that plans to get this to keep in mind that it is a game that is still in developement.  There will be bugs and patches constantly.  But please do not let that stop you.  Even what they have done so far is worth the price in my book.Also a note about the developement team.  They are always listening to the disscussions.  They give feedback and let you know what is going on.  I personally think they are all doing an outstanding job and can not wait to see what is yet to come.In general I would and already have recomended this to others.  If you are looking for something new and fun this could be it.  Like I have said worth the price to help mold this into an amazing game and the devs are not letting people down.
,Recommended,428690,26622729,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Amarei,Really addicive and very csual so it's reasonably easy to play - easy that you can watch things while doing it!Reminds me a lot of Sims athough it has elements of Game Dev Tycoon.My main problem at the moment seems to be that I've hit a bug of some sort and I no longer have any goals and cannot move on from the shared appartment I'm in. I'm still continuing to level at the moment but I assume I won't be able to at a certain level and then I will just be stuck.
76561198024652949,Recommended,428690,26635644,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,DankHemusBloopan,9/10 Only one problemIt gets repetitive Othersie good
76561198268483534,Recommended,428690,26609456,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,NoScopingJFK,It's simple fun. Sort of like The Sims. 8/10
,Recommended,428690,23230611,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Corneval,"If only the real YouTube is as easy as this game..... I WILL BE RICH AS F***! 1,2 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS WITHIN A YEAR AND HAVE A MONTHLY EARNINGS OF $10,000 WHAAAATTTT?!"
,Not Recommended,428690,30615514,Posted: 19 March,all,Rick Sanchez,"Played this game for a while enjoyed it, got to basically the end of the game where all that is left is to keep gaining subscribers and views. The game feels repetitive at times, 1. Make a video 2. Sleep 3. Eat 4. repeat : that is all you need to know about the game"
,Recommended,428690,23503833,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Hooey,"Youtuber's life!A slighty stressful, and CHALLENGING game to play.Its about how you live with your mom, (at first), Trying to start a youtube channel.But.. you haveEXAMS,WORK,EATING,SLEEPING.HANGING WITH FRIENDS AT MOVIES.GAME CONVENTIONSA BUNCH OF OTHER STUFF!Then finally, a friend asks you to move into their appartment with them. Of course, you'd say yes to get away from your mum and no longer get grounded, but, it comes with a cost,80 dollars per month for rent.You have to buy your own food.Study Courses.Your obnoxious roommate playing on all your consols all the time even though they have their own. (Probably).Make sure to keep up with the trending games to keep the subs coming. Editing videos gets harder as you advance and get new reaction cards.I'm going to stop here, and leave the rest to you.100/10."
76561198184263859,Recommended,428690,23187070,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,yougottahavesas,so cool worth the money its so fun
76561198137063585,Recommended,428690,23183624,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,HK,Game glithes out when buying products e.g. games and computer hardware when the deliveries don`t turn up. Otherwise the game is good.
,Recommended,428690,23198362,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,글랜드리르,"Game itself is great over all however optimization is really, I mean really! BAD. Hope you guys can focus on this as well. I would you recommend to play this game. Simple is the best"
76561198073798356,Recommended,428690,23198610,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FriendlyFriend,"I played this,loved it, but now it's just RUINED! R-U-I-N-E-D-! my computer broke and i cant repair it, i replaced it and now i cant make any vids. PLS FIX!! I LIKED THIS GAME"
,Recommended,428690,23199670,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Born 2 Game YT,"This game goes into a lot of detail about being a YouTuber. It's amazing and if you wanna see some gameplay before you buy it, check out my video. I've hit 1 million subscribers already:https://youtu.be/QUZp6zu4Mio"
76561198140857610,Recommended,428690,23224484,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Rowoul,"I found the game to be very entertaining, pretty easy to run, and worth the price. Although the game crashes, I still have to say it's really good for a early access so hopefully they fix the bugs later in the future. So if you're into kind of casual strategy games, or tycoon games, this is the game for you , and I personally think anybody who likes those genres will like this game. And to the developers of this game, keep up the good work! I have to say the games great so far!"
,Recommended,428690,23280936,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,jamiejadog,"Well this game is pretty fun but also very frustrating It will occasionally brake you're computer and force you to get a new one even if you repair it. you also have to pay alot of annyoing bills and it will make you spend half the time you play working. and your subscribers get super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of if you don't upload for a while and 5,000 of them will unsubscribe. And last but defanatly not least you're friends in the game will constantly pester you to go to the movies. It's early devpelopment so I don't blame them for this but you're hunger and energy will be all the way down when you go to an event, but at least it doest affect you. It's just really annoying. I do love that you can move out and get cool apartments and houses and buy furniture from the store. The clothing thing is really cool too. The vloging at events is pretty fun aswell. Overall theres tons more to explore so I won't spoil it all but I would reccomend this game. -----Sorry for spelling errors-----"
76561198063467077,Recommended,428690,23223339,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,nuuchi,"im enjoying the game so far with minor bugs that only happen here and there. nothing too serious yet. though one thing that bugs me is that you cant upgrade a setup from a diferent set up. i would like to update that so when your pc is beyond repair you can upgrade it from a diferent setup if you want instead of replacing it when you were saving up for that upgrade in the first place. also, when you do a colab video it never lets me edit the video right away i always have to prompt him into doing a new video before he will edit the colab one."
,Recommended,428690,23198008,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Metroidsax1,"BTS Gaming into us youtubers, such a great game and so easy to play; I know it's in Early Acess but it could have a bit more challengeGameplay; 10/10Difficulty 8.5/10Ease of play 10/10Toutorials 10/10Would I reccomend this to a Friend; HELL YES!"
,Recommended,428690,23225307,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,MysteryBlokHed,"This game is awesome.A lot better than the YouTube simulators I've played before.Here's what I think:Gameplay 10/10The gameplay is great. I like the idea of the game, and the controls are easy.It is put together very well.Gamplay 10/10Other Activites (Parties, Movies, etc.) 8/10I like that there are other activites than just uploading and recording videos, but there are some things I'd like to suggest.When you go to the movies, you can't see the entire screen.When you're at a party, it would be cool to have things like dance-offs with the other YouTubers.Activites 8/10Overall 8/10This game is awesome, and I really do like playing it.All I really want right now is to have some changes to the other activites.Other than that, this game is awesome and it is recommended."
76561198299772235,Recommended,428690,23225044,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,duckegg,Amazing game
76561198133970080,Recommended,428690,23281282,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MidgetKing,I love this game I only got it a few days ago but it definatley one of my favourites. As it is in early access I understand there are a few glitches and bugs which is understandable. However in the full version I hope they can add multiplayer so you can collab with friends or own an apartment together. This will definatley make it more enjoyable
,Recommended,428690,23197118,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Radbor,Ive been buying my lil youtubers great mouse and keyboard but in the end he just use the controller9/10 for spending my money
76561198116263085,Recommended,428690,23203596,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,hooc,"This game is unbelievabely well-made, even only gaming is allowed yet.There is a potential to be more great one something like Sims.I love that possibility very much"
,Recommended,428690,23222691,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Turretvista,"Currently has a lot of potential, and while it has bugs and typos, It's still really good.Pros:You can be a youtuberYou can be grounded by your mom for getting a C on your test.You can hire your wife as a collaborator and spam her for views.If you're a youtuber, than I'm Batman!Better than Tube Tycoon.Ironically played by Youtubers.Addictive.Your roommate invites you to a billion parties a second.Your roommate plays games for a few seconds in real life time in the game, while you play games for two in game hours.The social trailer has hashtags.Yes.Cons:LagBugsTyposStuffThingsI give it:A small loan of a million keemstars getting riiiiiight into the noose/10"
76561198114950977,Recommended,428690,23224071,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Times New Roman,"Originaly, i was not going to recommend this game, but I decided to wait a week to see if it could change that. And it did. The patch fixed most things I was angry with, which was incorrect English translations and repetive gameplay. The game has you, a youtuber, telling your life story of how you became famous. Although not every thing is implemented  yet (like, where the heck do I buy the new phone in it) I enjoy this game. Gameplay can get a little repetive but it has it's pros. I'm sure the game will improve, and although this seems to only touch base with what it could become, it seems like the games going down a good path. I hope this review helped you!"
,Recommended,428690,23281789,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,karimkarstic,Really good game hope gets better
,Recommended,428690,23201415,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Feeliks,NOTE: I KNOW ITS AN EARLY ACCESFirst had a hard time setting the game on the right screen (i have 2 screens) i have fixed it by using:ALT + P duplicate and then back to normal #fixedIts a tube tycoon + sims gameSettings sould be more indeptI have made some video's about the game should be online one day xD can't stop playing 0.oMy sponsor:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArchReviews/
,Recommended,428690,23224614,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BitBucketGaming,First off....Theres 4 words for this game:THISGAMEISAWESOMEEEE!!!!Good game for Early access! I reccommend this game!
76561198017693074,Recommended,428690,23281391,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,RUXX,I Absolutely love this game. Its like an early sims combined with game dev tycoon. The graphics are cartoony and reallyenhance the fun of the game. I would recommend this to anyone.
76561198308665023,Not Recommended,428690,23565475,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Codemaster111,"This game is corrupt after the 0.7.10 I had to restart with 990,745 subs hope that u play can resolve the issue because this is a money waster"
,Not Recommended,428690,34905638,Posted: 12 September,all,DaLLaSS,"EDIT: OH MY GOD ON THE FULL REALEAS GAME CHANGED PRICE FROM 14.99 TO 23.99..DO YOU ARE ♥♥♥♥ING JOKING? WHEN I WAS WRITING THIS REVIEW I THINKED ABOUT POSITIVE RECOMENDATION BUT THIS PRICE? ARE YOU JOKING? ♥♥♥♥ THAT GAMEWell game is dead.And money will not comebacklots of promises,not maken,14.99 (at the time i written review) for not much gameplaywe can say game is dead..project was very promising and i think if they wasn't lazy/WANTED to upgrade game,they would make it (Of Course if there were Budget for it) i can understand not making 2 chaneels (Yea Music was okay but Culinary was awfull)But making Multiplayer? DON'T LET ME TO SYA THAT THIS GAME WOULD NOT BE AWESOME Possible of course meybe there were some problems but at least they could make a thread about it.Full realease of the game...was dissapointing..Nothing happened meybe update with bug fix but nothing that matters (And trust me i even remember when were 1 update to tf2)Next thing killing this game is fast gameplay,You played Game dev tycoon? after 11 companys i can say it's borring and you can wait a year to gain some happines from this,You see 5 hours in this game and you see almost whole game.I think that they could make some thing and cut some things then after 1 week give this cut game so you have a lot of new things and even youtubers would comeback to the game (Views=New game owners if video was popular)Sad and i never thinked i must say this but game.Was a failure.Meybe not bussines failure but gameplay failure.Of course,if you like game play it! but don't expect some GOOD UPDATES and not WARDROBE UPDATEGame Can be fun if you play a hour or 2 per day but it's quirk gameplay can destroy your ''Experience''bey"
,Not Recommended,428690,23714569,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,mrslime,sometimes this game does not work because whenever you are  going on to the game and its almost time to pay the bills you cant get money on time and it puts you 3 days in the past and you cant pay the bills on time again >:(
,Recommended,428690,26440616,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,kosalkevin,Cool but i want more unlocked ability please
76561198023441377,Recommended,428690,23408779,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,lesagex5,"YOUTUBER'S LIFE------------------Youtuber's Life is a simulation game about being a youtuber you always wanted to be. It's fun because you don't just sit in a room playing endless games. No, you actully are a youtuber with a real life. You must eat, sleep, and go to places with friends. Kinda like The Sims. The only downside to this game is your crazy mother. Other than that this game is perfect!"
76561198213354156,Recommended,428690,23499651,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,turtwig,"certainly one of the better tycoon games on steam especially as it's an early access game, there are lots of bugs, glitches and crashes though, which i wil now list:PROS:. fun, innovative and addicting gameplay. extremely enjoyable to watch my character progress and make better vids. accurate subscriber growth. cheap and easily affordable priceCONS:.way too many glitches, the ones ive had include colab vids will not edit, nobody appearing at the presentations and crashes. subscribers unsub after about two days if you have not made a video. subscribers get bored after about 4 gameplays, even though in real life people have made over 200 gameplays on a game and people are still not bored of itoverall the game so far is okay, i would reccomend waiting about a month or two until most glitches are fixed, but it is still enjoyable at its current state"
76561198190494277,Recommended,428690,23574452,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,lukenuke13,Its Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
76561198105216761,Recommended,428690,23573892,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NikkiGamer101,BEST GAME EVER >.<
,Recommended,428690,24927101,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,50Minutes,"Youtuber's Life is a game still definetly in early access, but has lots of potential. Has a feel similar to a version of The Sims. In it's early access state is is missing most of its additonal features and has quite a signifigant number of bugs. As other comments have said it has a good begining but as you play on it gets repetative, this is no doubt due to the missing additonal features that are set to be implimented. Despite that I would say give the game a go, just know you will probibly encounter quite a number of bugs (in particular with relationships). I will be excited to see this game in its compleated state."
76561198202496356,Not Recommended,428690,24220539,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Snapshot86,their is a bug in the game and i am not happy about i will buy a game and not get time to time and it will say i have is i baught a new pc i got it out of the box it became a bigger version of the game i bought last i am losing a lot of money and getting nothing from it this is all from this latest update do something about
76561198035616773,Recommended,428690,24637969,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Great Cornholio,Has glitches that can ruin your game but until those points it is fun :P i'm hoping for the bugs to be fixed in the future and hopefully when it is out of early access
,Recommended,428690,24343608,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Metaroose,Great way to simulate a growing youtube channel while my real gaming channel is dead
76561198128418718,Recommended,428690,27470765,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,voldemort,this agme is amazing endless houres of fun can be played for all ages endless fun and enjoymentbuild your self up from the bottom up to the top of the cahrts and be the number one youtuber that has ever lived
,Recommended,428690,24925587,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,AboveAverageJoe,"This is a great simulator game. If you enjoy game dev  tycoon, this has a very similar feel to it. After a while it does become more repetitive and grindy. Also you don't have to make any videos once you can hire collaborators. At that point you make your collaborators to all the work and just use your own character to upgrade the computers when they are not being used.  Although those two points can be a bummer the rest of the game is solid, especially for being an early access game. I'm excited to see what comes of this when more channel types are added.7/10"
76561197985988106,Recommended,428690,24698343,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,katezienkiewicz,"This game is so addicting! Absolutely love it, a bit stuck at the moment as I keep experiancing the collabarators idling bug and running out of money as I'm basicly paying them for nothing but as soon as that gets fixed I cant wait to play some more"
,Recommended,428690,29629793,Posted: 1 February,all,TiruraM,"Realy Fun and adictive game, its 1 of my favourites."
,Recommended,428690,23272365,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Snacky McSnackerson,"I bought this on Friday and I'm loving it so much.The Music: In-game it sounds like it could be a jazzy nintendo e-shop theme, it's really great, all of it is, it never gets old. 10/10The Gameplay: Simple, fun, but it kinda gets hard when you get a full time collaborator, still fun anyways, I honestly can't wait for the other youtuber styles to be made, I'm looking forward to doing the music one, what would be good is if you could do two at a time, because I would really love to do music and gaming. 8/10The Difficulty: Not too hard, usually your subscribers expect too much out of you, having to do 3 gameplay videos before doing a review is pretty annoying aswell, as most reviewers go in blind. 7/10Other Features: Interviewing and vlogs are a bit silly, you can apparently unlock achievements in life, life can freeze and you come over a hard challenge just standing there whilst vlogging, It's weird, I also don't like the fact that all games have a cover based on their genre, yes, it's quick, but no game stands out to me, I feel as if I just picked up some random stick from the floor and wiggled it around infront of the camera, also, some of the games such as ""Mexican Hamster"" are just the best thing ever. 4/10Other Comments: Quit complaining that the game is bad becuase it has bugs, I've had a few, such as random pausung, not able to upload a video and other stuff, but you just need to reset the game, it's early access but it's really good for an early access game, honestly, it was worth the £11 I paid for it (Around $15-16 dollars for Americans I think)TL;DR, It's kinda like game dev tycoon in the way you choose things and publish them, but inbetween is different, in this you choose what happens in the video, and you can edit it afterwards.Overall, I give this game a 9.2/10, I can see this game staying in my favourites for a while.Just one thing before I go, a C is not a failure, it's a pass, unless it's different for the developers in their country..."
,Not Recommended,428690,35257192,Posted: 28 September,all,Dwight 1,"Don't waste your time and money on this game.- Lots of bugs- Overcharging for lack of content, content that promised for months before it was fully released, where's that content at now?- Repetitive, very boring after a few hours- Devs spend more time removing hateful comments than actually fixing their game.$25 can be used for more well deserving game that respects their customers, delivers on content, fixes bugs and overall is actually fun for more than 2 hours.Buy it if you want, but don't play it for more than 2 hours and 2 weeks, requesting your refund will be the best decision you make on this game, Take this from someone who loved this game in Early Access."
,Not Recommended,428690,24010177,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Clank24401,Fun at first but gets Repetitive and boring.
76561198355878779,Recommended,428690,29424681,Posted: 22 January,all,cozawyatt67,Fantastic game
76561198275462650,Not Recommended,428690,27481594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JamesonJunior,I do not advise you to get this game it is ok for the first few hours but after that it gets boring.
76561198285119364,Not Recommended,428690,26497511,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,bambamcameyzmay,it was better befor the lates updat not nowing the special bopnus thing and making it unown isnt good so its not worth it
,Recommended,428690,30807271,Posted: 28 March,all,Blaker256 YT,"Great game! Love it... Runs smoothly unlike other games(ex. The Sims 4) on my 2013/2014 HP laptop! Would totally recommend this game to others! It is a little repetitive though(eat,sleep,work,make video, repeat[w/ occational parties & movies and rare awards])Other thank that, I think the $27.99 is really worth it! Every day after school, I have been playing this... must be addicted!"
76561198038636886,Not Recommended,428690,32143637,Posted: 2 June,all,Jay,"It held promise, but unfortunately, it was pushed out too early and too fast. This wouldn't normally be a problem, with a ""full"" game being rather minimalist, and more being added through via patches or even DLC. See Civ 5 for that example. But that implies a level perfection within the original content, and constant updates or at least news on what you're working on. This game fails to preform the former and the later. There appears to be no real sign of any major problems being fixed, and what we do get and know aren't quite enough to justify these problems."
,Not Recommended,428690,23393442,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,FiD2,too many bugs now
,Not Recommended,428690,26137760,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Belgian Lives Matter,"Don't get me wrong, this game is fun, but I feel like after a while, it really gets repetitive and boring sometimes. I would recommend it if you're one of the people who buy games, play them for 3 days and move on."
,Not Recommended,428690,26138843,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Nekerion,"Once long ago I picked this game up in alpha, it was fun and enjoyable. the story line felt like it moved along at the right pace and I wasnt punished for things that are not my fault. However the dark times are here, with the rise of the music channel a thrashing horror is upon us. I started with no choice or decision on my starting instument, I had planned to start a metal music channel because why not? When started with a mic I thought ""excellent I can be the lead singer"", hey did you know that mics are genere specific? I didnt, nor did I know that because I was litteraly unable to perform the type of music I desired I would have green arrow kick in my god dam window and break my pc. each time. every song. Especialy when i try other genres to try to find something this Mic works with only to find it doesnt go with anything how joyous right!? yea no this game has decided its going to habitualy punish you for things that arent your fault and cant handle. oh an I hope you wanted to be a country star, if not suck it the main quest makes you go full acoustic."
,Recommended,428690,24074613,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Neximus Carrot Cake,I'm living the life of a Youtuber! I only did it for the money!
,Not Recommended,428690,24800236,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Skully,Quite repetitive. The first 30 mins were fun but after that I saw myself doing the same thing for 2 hours
,Recommended,428690,26548198,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,🌸HelloKittyKawaii🌸,"★ ★ ★ ★ ☆A lot like MySims, if you enjoyed that, you'd most probably enjoy this, too. c;★ ★ ★ ★ ☆"
76561198298794634,Not Recommended,428690,29842151,Posted: 11 February,all,005,Originally only played because DanTDM did...it sucks though. Lose subscribers every 2 minutes if you dont upload like 10 videos.
,Not Recommended,428690,23192538,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Spooky Skellington,"This is a very entertaining game and makes me want to play it more, but in its current state, I'd say it's not worth getting. Every 10 minutes or so there's a glitch that makes me need to exit the game then go back in.I'd say you should wait a few months until the game is complete to get it."
76561198126407845,Not Recommended,428690,26623112,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Wonder,Very boring
,Recommended,428690,23255096,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ToxicFoxcub,"Great game! It's incredibly addictive and I lost a lot of my weekend to it without realising. For an early access game, this is really good and it's getting better with each update.Really looking forward to them bringing in the other channel options and seeing where this game goes during its development."
,Recommended,428690,23282551,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jacob,"My god this is ♥♥♥♥ing addicting, played for hours on end...!"
,Recommended,428690,23285213,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Weed GoToMars,"So fun, should try it."
76561198111044381,Recommended,428690,23282783,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Thlightning,"This game is great! Haven't experienced any bugs (so far), but a little overpricedOverall:Gameplay: 9/10Lasting appeal: 8/10Sound: 6/109/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,428690,23285048,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Seagull-78 (Not Smurfing Lel XD),"One of my favorite games. I'd recommend this to just about anyone. The game is, and what I, myself, described it, Game Dev Tycoon (amazing game) and The Sims (never played it). A game like this may not seem like much, but it's addicting as heck. Now, there are a few bugs, but the developers are fixing those and are sending out updates every few days (somewhere around that). Plus, this game is just fun. Also, if you want to decide yourself if you want to play it, watch some youtuber play it."
,Recommended,428690,23107225,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SnEpeX,"Just Amazing!It is extremely fun and enjoyable! The second I started playing I became addicted to it! There is many things that you can do in the game and many paths in your career that you can choose! I like how you can have 3 different game saves at the same time, I choose different paths for my characters and see how they end up. I am hoping to see an update soon!This game has been receiving a lot of positive feedback from the gaming community! It is amazing! Try it out!"
,Recommended,428690,23284197,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,فندن٢٠,"This game has so many bugs that i can't count. But this game is not that bad, but still whoever made this game please fix the bugs!"
76561198031829866,Recommended,428690,23283164,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Alestria,I have been playing this game for a few hours now. I enjoy the cute graphics and how the UI looks and feels. I've had a couple of issues where I would go and attempted to make a video and the game would stop. I'm very excited to see what else comes from this!
76561198128703805,Not Recommended,428690,23416069,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,aerialdemon,"I am having problems with the game. I cannot see some things in the game and so i will not be able to ""make videos"". All the words are blank even the pictures are nothing but white"
,Recommended,428690,23188858,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[2S] UncleBants,"--CONSTRUCTIVE REVIEW-Just a quick one lads.Despite disliking the Youtuber theme and the slightly anime-ish artstyle (Not very fond of Anime personally), beneath that is a pretty solid managing game with a certain level of depth.I am a huge fanatic of business and managing games, and this for some reason goes right down my alley. Sure, it's not very difficult, but it has a pretty good pace at which you progress through the game and I have only rarely become slightly bored and annoying due to longer stretches without anything new to see and do.There are of course some game mechanics and creative decisions which I do not exactly agree with, and sure the game isn't perfect, but for the price, even for an Early Access game, it really does feel like it is worth the money.A thing to note would be that, despite having a rig in the high-end range, in the later apartments my framerate goes as low as 30 fps (All maxed out) while looking at the entire apartment, to the developer, I recommend tweaking the LoD's at ranges you can see the entire home at, the game just doesn't seem to handle it too well.As I said above, pretty good, while nothing out of this world by any means, this game really is what it is described to be, sure it isn't going to win any GOTY awards, but it is simply fun for 5-10 hours."
,Recommended,428690,23196772,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Yez,"I finally understand what it means to be a ""Sellout"" thank you"
76561198255987092,Not Recommended,428690,23392671,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Gregory44,"Quite simply, boring as heck. Theres no point you record games and theres no real challenge to the game. Most of the time you're just waiting and as for the social interactions between characters its awful. Not only that but updates constantly mess up the playing experience rather than improve it. I understand this is early access but it needs a lot more added to it in order to be a finished game. If the full game costs early access users more to get, I would not put a single cent more towards the game. Its just too boring, simple, and overall a poorly designed and unrealistic game."
,Recommended,428690,23311152,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TheAntHunter21,"great game and i really love it, the only problem is that the game becomes laggy the more you progress, i have 1.3 million subs and live in the mansion with 4 editors, but now the game just doesnt work anymore and everything I click on just doesnt work, so i can't continue, my PC is not the problem, i can play evey game on the highest solution."
,Recommended,428690,23141781,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Angery Adrain,"What I like about this game is that it clearly represents how YouTube works. If you like Tycoon games like me I would highly suggest you purchase this game and support the developers in creating updates, as this game shows great potential.I have some pros and cons to go with this review.Pros:+Very addicting to play if you are in to Tycoon games+It is very similar to Sims. The only difference is that this game represents a person who has a YouTube channel+You can go to the cinema and parties just like a normal person+You can go to conventions for YouTubers or game releases+Pleasing graphicsCons:-It can get repetitive after a couple of hours playing-There are some bugs that can sometimes will need you to start over again (Bug where you buy something, it arrives at your doorstep but it quickly dissapears and you can't buy anything else)-It is difficult to start upOverall, I would most likely recommend this to anyone who enjoys Tyccon games or any game where you maintain a business. If I was to give it a rating out of 10; I would give it a 8.5/10. I would've given it higher if not for the game breaking bug, however it is an early access game and so the game still has time to improve."
76561198052210469,Recommended,428690,23062592,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ManuJM,"After playing a couple of hours I have to admit that I was expecting something worse. If we do not take into account few optimization problems and typical bugs from this kind of games, this game looks interesting and quite well done even being in early access. The story-flashback mode that the game uses to give us certain objectives and tasks to increase our number of subscribers getting more popularity makes more interesting the game mechanics. The fact that we can unlock new flats and new items such as furnitures for our room or new components for our (master race) PC makes the game customization bigger. However do not expect an easy game: it is not easy to gain money and it will be difficult to progress quickly.As long as updates from the devs are coming regularly (weekly or, at least, monthly) and new content is given, we can find so enjoyable and original game. I would recommend to buy it, relation price-quality is not bad and the game can be really addictive."
,Not Recommended,428690,23138470,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Nomad Huita,"Save your money and better watch letsplay, game is absolutely buggy and unplayable. Had to restart game for 5 times but every time got bug with disappearing purchases."
76561198069166436,Not Recommended,428690,23470235,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,good game!!!!!!But So many Bugs!!!Ps This game in not worth  14.99 Euros
76561198133756606,Recommended,428690,23195371,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Error man,make me bored after 5 hours
76561198304999558,Recommended,428690,23111461,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Captain Pengu,"The game is great, but when mutiple packages get delivered, they immediately disappear on arrival. Please fix and that would make the game perfect."
,Recommended,428690,23185534,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Vac Ban No Reason!,Pls Multiplayer
,Not Recommended,428690,23210682,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bogor Represent!,"Current negative recommendation is purely based on the state of the game being not finished and dire need of development in key-areas, which detract from the game being an enjoyable experience.YT-L is a fun game. Time-management, keeping up appearances, social engineering, a puzzle-minigame in the form of video-editing and empire-building. The game is really good in appearing to be casual, but it is actually reasonably hard to master.Moreover, the game gets awesome-points from me for avoiding to include RL-youtubers, so there's no Pew-die-pie in there. Even more awesome-points for the game because it avoids namedropping meme-games, minecraft or FNaF. It makes the game, apart from the title, a timeless management game that explores a new industry.But there are some major bug-bears. A PC-setup that's nothing but top of the line components shouldn't break every five minutes of real gameplay time. It's annoying and it actually broke my current playthrough of the campaign as my sci-fi PC got stuck in a perpetual loop of breaking, getting repaired and then breaking before I could do anything with it afterwards. The frequency in which the PC breaks is unrealistic, irritating, annoying and as far as I'm concerned a FU from the developer to their player-base.The player should not be the only one keeping up friendships. A cell-phone is not a one-way only gadget. Also, why can't I order stuff through the cell-phone? My youtuber had the best cellphone money could buy, a cellphone that obviously had Internet, because it could access the 'Wall' (their version of Facebook, I guess). Yet, when my PC is broken again or it is rendering a video, my cellphone is totally useless to order stuff online, to chat with my friends or do other things that RL-cellphones can do.I have the feeling that this is a contrivance to make the game 'harder'. It's just extremely irritating that only through the PC the internet can be used, even to stock up the fridge.The game has many things right. There are many options to costumize your youtuber's looks and appearance and the style of clothes they wear are important for events and gatherings. You can also buy many items for your house, though you have no control over where things that you buy go. I have also not found any indication that buying stuff for the house makes your youtuber's life better or easier. It's merely a money-sink.Editing videos is minigame that's a rudimentary deckbuilder; you enhance video-clips with post-production cards that you earn for different things that your youtuber does. There's depth there as the cards have different strengths and can be positive or negative. It's up to the player to guess the right card for a given video-clip.After selecting the 'powers' for all the clips, the player must puzzle the clips together in the best possible way. The more clips that have the right powers, the easier that will be.However, there were many instances where I canned a video because the choices I had were mostly negative including being forced to select powers that would result in copyright infringement. The fines on those prohibit uploading the video. While probably realistic, it's wasted time and I believe that a game should always respect the player's time.At this time YT-L is allright, being held back by instances of being caught in a unescapable fail-loop that basically ends your run, a one-way friendship system and a mini-game that can screw you over through no fault of your own. It gets compounded by nagging NPCs that only seem to be there to be annoying.But there's also a lot of good things going on that I enjoy and I look forward to see how the game grows over the coming months towards 1.0.At this moment, this game isn't worth a positive recommendation, as the awesome-points I give it are being undone by the game's insistance of being an annoying piece of crap. I hope that the developer adjusts those instances in the future to make YT-L a truly fun and enjoyable product!"
76561198094308363,Not Recommended,428690,23520346,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,☁Underscore_☁,"I was excited for this game after seeing all the positive reviews and I watched other people playing this game and they had a lot of fun but the game for me, very boring and repetitive. The computer breaks down way to many times and the games are all the same. The time in the game passes way to fast escpicially when you're trying to make a video for someone. Your pretty much supposed to do the same thing every day. Make a video, eat and sleep for lightbulbs, make a video, eat and sleep for lightbulbs and so on. This game is most likely going to get better soon but before then, I would suggest to stay away from this game."
76561198094717802,Not Recommended,428690,24050169,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Omega,cringe
,Recommended,428690,33976318,Posted: 2 August,all,Vitarius18,Good😍
,Not Recommended,428690,27823245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,grassblok222,"No replayability value, for what i paid for it (£20) it isn't very good at all"
,Not Recommended,428690,23547298,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,eric,"I had to ask for a refund after spending 1 hour trying out this game, and that's 1 hr of my life, I will never get back.It is very repetitive, with limited graphics. You are performing the same task over and over and over again.The basics of this game is that you upload a video, wait until the video is uploaded, upload a video, go to school, wait until the video is uploaded, upgrade that computer, go to work, upload a video, get yelled at by your mother because you did not go to school this week, upload another video...Did I mention, when your character goes to school or work, you cannot follow them, and have to wait until your character comes back home in 5 hours? Yep."
,Not Recommended,428690,23548038,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Skyguy,"This game is bad, people only like it because some Youtubers played it!"
,Not Recommended,428690,23489046,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,kaley,"This may just have been the mostg boring game i have ever played in my entire life, i'm not even kidding."
76561198102462536,Recommended,428690,23339500,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,UncleBrett,"Pros:Wroks wellEasy to playGives you the ability to make good and bad decisionsCons:Gets boring quickly6/10. Recommended, but not for the price. Plenty more games of the same stature for less"
76561198142487818,Not Recommended,428690,23144485,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,petdoctor,"I love the game BUUUTTT I can't play, because of a major glitch. WHenever I buy a game online for my videos, the box shows up and disappears before i can open it, and after it Happens once the box doesn't show up at all for any game.PLEASE FIX THIS! I CAN'T PLAY AT ALL IN THESE CONDITIONS!until this is fixed ican't recommend this game for anyone.If you have the same problem leave a comment about so they will noticeIF U READ ALL THE WAY DOWN TO HERE GOOD JOB!        YOU HAVE A VERY LONG ATTENTION SPAN!!!"
,Not Recommended,428690,23407483,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Intact Insurance,Itd be a better game if it would acually launch
76561198289360529,Not Recommended,428690,23386834,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,theohayward25,gets repetitive and boring waste of money
,Recommended,428690,25666949,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,General Coalition,"It is a funny game and there are some good game elements.There are still a few bugs, but nothing game changing.I will recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,428690,23289680,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Boom.Hime,"I don't think you should buy the early access... not until they fix and update this game..It's broken way too muchWhat I like about this game(+) It's so much fun(+) It's close to reality(+) I could play it for hours, yes I tried the pirated before buying it on Steam. I love it so I support the devs. Hoping the Steam version would be better and auto updated. It's not.(+) It has so much potential(+) Take hours and hours to complete(+) ChallengingWhat I dislike about this game(-) Too buggy to start with(-) Played the bottom branch of talents, got stuck on tasks(-) Played the student apartement, wanting to progress to the 2 desk pc one (forgot the name) but ended up on the 3 desk pc ones so I can't afford the rent. How the heck did I skip it? I can't pay the rent = game over.(-) Once you screw up (even if it's not your fault because it's just too damn buggy) you have to start all over again after spending hours and hours and hours ♥♥♥♥ you devs.(-) Repeated tutorials. I've had enough of them. I just wanna play without it!!!!(-) No multi slotted save game. It's either you stuck in one or new game.(-) Rent too high it's painful.(-) Video editing never perfect and annoying. The choices are too many to even put all. Absurd.(-) Annoying sounds especially in events like game launches. Please la, those sound are like blablabla bedebedebde wtf. so ♥♥♥♥ing. annoying. Make better sound lah devs.(-) Ugly songs.(-) Pause menu too simple, no options whatsoever just sound settings.(-) Courses are with no purpose. Only the repair pc is useful and takes too much time. Seriously(-) Hiring collabs are suddenly rising on price. First you hire them for like 800 next month 1500 wth. How can I pay them?That's it so far. I become  from loving it to hating it. It's unbalanced. Like faaaar from being balanced.I still have high hopes for this game though. Will change this review once updated to my expectation.Please devs make this game more enjoyable. I don't wanna start over n over n over n over with slow progress.Waste of my time.Fighting ^^"
,Not Recommended,428690,28812962,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kodak White™,Get bored quickly. Its a cool concept but its not very fun to play.
76561198007359938,Not Recommended,428690,23259196,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Irishsaint,"The game is very repetitive, gets boring fast, and hard to manage. It's hard to make enough money to pay your bills. There is no pause during anything you do. It can take 3 hours just to get some food to eat. By time the game gets to your place and you unbox it ect. People are bored with your videos.... Great concept looking for updates, don't waste your money at this time on the game."
,Recommended,428690,23112880,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ailike,love the game. but it is extreamly frustrating not to get the items you order delivered to you :( pleas fix this bugg
,Recommended,428690,23123424,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zeldaddicted,"This is certainly not ""your typical youtube tycoon"" game. Aside from living a life on the internet, you also get to actually live a life outside of youtube aswell. It's very fun to play even in it's early access state. I honestly cannot wait for the other youtube careers!10/10, would let fake video games make me go broke again"
76561198231411432,Not Recommended,428690,23321603,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Judelope,"This game is great and all but there is this bug that is annoying me.There is a Bug with the courses, I did the Basic Recording course and once I did a different course and continued it the Basic Recording course kept showing up and it wouldn\'t let me finish my Intermediate technology course."
76561198223238200,Not Recommended,428690,23539989,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,jonpw2004,"This game gets updated once and I couldnt play it anymore. I tried everything to make it work but it just didn't. As soon as I click play, the game opens up with a completely dark screen and then shuts down after 3 seconds. I've gone on the internet to find the solution only to come across something that doesn't work. This game shouldn't ruin other people's days as it had mine."
76561198239716130,Recommended,428690,23316762,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Asn789,REALLY GOOD GAME
76561198352958311,Recommended,428690,33970146,Posted: 2 August,all,procat,i love this game i have complete 2 times it is so fun
,Recommended,428690,23478270,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Scout(DEUS VULT),great game i like it :D
,Not Recommended,428690,23549107,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,KFCHitler,I bought this game and with in 2 hours are went and got a steam refund because how boring and repetitive the game was.
,Recommended,428690,23175876,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Demosthenes,"TL;DR:A fun game with a lot of character that still manages to get bogged down in places.Pros:A lot of character customization.A surprising amount of realism that just comes to applying real-world logic to game situations.A great amount of depth in upgrades, progression, and similar areas of the game.Interesting side mechanics such as managing your social life.The ""minigame""/mechanic for creating the videos is still interesting(ish) even after becoming routine (in large part due to well done progression).Characters have... well... character.Cons:Very poor English translation/localization in places, and flawless in others. It really seems like the English version was just never run through QA?Game gets tedious at points, in ways that are not fun, because of the exacthowwith progression.Some things in the game are obviously possible but purposely witheld from the player without and obvious reason or goal, and then granted to the player once this invisible goal is reached. (Level caps at certain houses, your second computer, etc.)Because the game is basically ENTIRELY a time-management game, the content feels unappetizing in places, such as trying to balance social life and professional life.Summary:That last con is really the most difficult to deal with, because it makes all the other cons worse, but it also adds a level of realism because the pressure/difficulty of managing your life is something that challenges most people. The game is very charming, and especially in the early game is extremely fun for fans of simulation games or time-management games.But this is not ""YouTube Star Tycoon"", this is ""YouTube Star Diner Dash"". If you go into this game expecting to be doing any non-time-management challenges, or strategy, or so on, you're gonna have a bad time.I think that the game is probably slightly overpriced, and this is why: I feel like a stripped down version with worse graphics on the phone would play JUST as well.But there is quite a lot of attention to detail in this game, such as the ""recording view"" showing the ACTUAL scene you're filming in, including NPCs that might be behind you or with you.Overall, I'm quite conflicted. This is a good game, but I'm not certain that it's worth $15.The fact that the game presents about SIX game modes, and only one is released right now in Early Access is somewhat concerning, because each of those other game modes should require quite a bit of unique content to them. But being that it's an Early Access game, I'd give this a recommendation.This game has a lot of potential to it, and I think that it will be very fun to many people even as it is."
,Recommended,428690,23090780,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jordanlove,"This game is pretty fun, you kinda got a game dev tycoon crossed with the sims. I like the concept, I am a big fan of the sims an tycoons so this has really cought my eye and I hope to see this updated soon. :)______________________________________________________________Update 5/20/16But there is a few bugs right now and I expected that when I bought the early acess. Right now there is 2 bugs I got, my packages won't always show up and when I Start Basic acting course I will finsh the course and then when I go to start a new course it will say continue course and I have clicked it 2 times and started a new game both got stuck on basic acting."
,Recommended,428690,23576575,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SRBeast18,"YouTuber's Life is an excellent game really worth your time and money!It gets a bit redundant after a while. But, it frequently updates so there's more and more making it a sonn-to-beamazing game!Making videos is simple but VERY VERY FUN!Moving up from house to house is quite good!I rate it a solid 9/10"
76561198271815839,Recommended,428690,23928927,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,the bad boy,its a good game for tweanty mins then gets boring
,Recommended,428690,28541849,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,N. Petrova,Boring but playable
76561198169213186,Not Recommended,428690,26013012,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,yAK,for 11 Pounds this isnt worth it
76561198306422180,Recommended,428690,23283771,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,LynnskiPadinski,The game is a nice simulation.There are a few bugs yet such as game freezes and loading issues but isn't too hard to deal with. Need a few more guides to know what you need to do to  go to next level and is hard to stay with network...unsure what to do there. Overall it is a good early release simulation game which i enjoy. Enjoy
76561198213953815,Not Recommended,428690,23193172,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,HD,"ALWAYS CRASH AND LAG. LAG ON THE SHOP. PLEASE FIX IT,ASAP!"
,Not Recommended,428690,23969214,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Haydenwl,"i want my money back, i dont know what i expected.0/10 refund me steam please ;~;"
76561198211094752,Not Recommended,428690,23263943,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Aris,"6 hours playing time, Game finished and was incredibly boring. Definitely not a game that could be replayed and I would not recommend this game to anyone.encountered numerous bugs and crashes, probably need to be fixed but they didnt hinder my gameplay."
76561198309836690,Not Recommended,428690,23497296,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,vikki.v,When i try to zoom in using my + and - button because im on a laptop it will not let me so i cannot continue with the game.
,Not Recommended,428690,23546555,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Vetteran,"Fun for the first hour or so, but after that its just repetetive. I played a bit longer to see if anything would change. No, its boring to say the least. I would say this game is worth more like 5$ for what it is right now."
76561198146886965,Recommended,428690,23116405,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,IlManuBS,"This game is a great idea, I realized my dream, to have more than one million subscribers .. I do not know if it's a bug, but I have not yet unlocked the clothes store .. some times the game crashes, and I happened to not receive the items I had purchased7/10"
76561198201719847,Recommended,428690,23313562,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,JanDino,This is a super awesome game!
,Recommended,428690,23598934,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Yawn  |  ◕‿◕,Its okei get boring fast but in the start its fun to play :)
,Recommended,428690,23321896,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,✪ Neto,Really fun and addicting game!
,Recommended,428690,23109880,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CosmicPigeon,Really fun and adicting! Right as I started playing this I got addicted!
,Recommended,428690,23138057,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,DerpyFantaYT,This game is excellent! The graphics are 75/100 but the entire gameplay makes up for it! And seeing as there are many more channel types to come this game could last for months! A must buy!I got 10000000x the amount my actual YouTube channel has in a matter of 4 days playing :p
76561198258448138,Recommended,428690,23271663,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,My Name Jeff,This is a great simulation game and its worth for its price. its fun and gets addictive. there is many things you can do and buy. a bad thing is that it crashed at one of the loading screen so i hope that gets fixed. i give this game an 8/10
76561198089774668,Recommended,428690,23273506,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IceDasH,If i even touch my computer it will explode :) That needs to be fixed. But in overall its a nice game i like it.
,Recommended,428690,23182881,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Sirius_Ng,dont take a vlog at event u cannot create video back home and the end . u cant make any new video
,Recommended,428690,23370856,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Agent113YT,"I recommend this game to everyone because it has an edit feature, video creating feature! It even has one side of The Sims."
76561198007786395,Not Recommended,428690,23592780,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,cpwf89,"Let me start off by saying that this game has potential and could be worth $14.99 in the future. I would try to get it under $10 during the upcoming summer sale if possible. The game is similar to GameDev Tycoon and similar games right now.Pros:- Addictive Gameplay for 3-5 hours.- Great concept with a lot of potential when they develop it more.- Casual gameplay. I'm not sure that you can really lose unless you don't pay your rent for a few months straight.Cons:- Bugs. I got stuck in another character as he was standing next to my door when I came back from work. It took over a day to get unstuck when another NPC ran into us and released me. I also canceled a game dev task as it was zooming in to the game library and it caused it to get stuck. I had to restart the game.- Time passes by too fast. You have to sleep after every game development to make the best video again. Not sleeping results in poor light bulbs and poor videos.- It becomes tedious. You lose subscribers very quickly if you don't make a video. It isn't a huge problem as that is almost all there is to do in the game.- Gameplay events you attend, movie showings, and parties all use very similar settings. You go there, you talk to people to earn friendship, then you do a quick task to earn whatever item is available for purchase from the company running it.- Friendships are impossible to maintain. Since you don't want to lose subscribers, You have to make videos constantly. You can't afford to go to the movies and other events constantly. If you turn people down, they essentially tell you off and no longer speak to you.- Collaboration (Having someone work with or for you) is very basic. You can have two (or more) computers, but you still have to wait for them to finish playing the game if you wish to review a game on the same console using the TV.- If you hire your best friend as a collaborator and they level up a lot and become very expensive, you will likely want to fire them as they can be 3-4x the price of your rent per month ensuring you will find it hard to purchase other items. When you fire them, they will turn instantly red and hate you instead of returning to being a friend.Overall I think the game has a long way to go. I would not recommend buying it currently unless you are a die hard GameDev Tycoon fan. It becomes tedious when you have to sit through your 7th movie that you can't skip. You are locked to a small area and can't visit other houses or people. It's locked to games right now. I am skeptical to recommend it because it is very early and after 5-10 hours you will beat it and there is no replayability since you can only be a gamer youtuber.Buy during the summer sale for less than $10. Otherwise skip it for now."
76561198161226532,Not Recommended,428690,23618372,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,bappy,Waste of Money
76561198305294886,Not Recommended,428690,23885049,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DutchDonkey,You shouldn't buy this game it gets boring after a while
76561198042596746,Not Recommended,428690,30618620,Posted: 19 March,all,TDLaouer,"I have tried to like this game but it is just way to repetitive. It went off of early access too soon.This game needs more work:- The voice acting is horrible, there are like less than a dozen different lines- The cycle is Eat - Sleep - Make Videos - Socialize - Repeat. It's freaking boring- The are many bugs, surprised the gmae is not still in early access- 25 bucks is not much for a game, but it is for this one. DOn't buy until it's on sale"
,Recommended,428690,23320972,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Amazon Prime Now,"Obviously needs a lot of work, but it\'s been pretty damn fun, and I\'m a sucker for these kinds of sims. Only real complaint I have is that the soundtrack is pretty awful, and not even because I think the music itself is sub-par, but the MIXING on the music is so god-awful I just have to turn it off entirely. Given that I am a bit of an audio engineer, this probably isn\'t likely to bother anybody but me.Seriously can\'t wait to be able to play as a music based channel."
,Recommended,428690,29035908,Posted: 5 January,all,[BRC] Arakui,"I am going to try not to be biased, but this is a good game. however, in early access it has little to offer and i reccomend you wait until it is fully released until you make a decision on purchasing this game. the 'gameplay' is incredibly linear and repetetive, but well put together and balanced. you can tell the devs put alot of hard work and effort into it, but clearly dont have much experience. one of the major flaws that bugs me is how unrealistic it is. and i quote, ""The are more things in life other than food and sleep."" i cannot take this game seriously with how it so horribly immitates the 'life' of a youtuber.even with its bugs and flaws, it is a charming game, a good idea and clearly somthing the devs love putting time and effort into. overall i give this game a final verdict of:6/10"
,Recommended,428690,23113829,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Szymon | gamekit.com,Well i rate 10/10 so farDid not experience any bugssmooth gameplayno crashes or anythingbut one awesome thing to add: when the vid is rendering and uploading then you might wanna add a think to speed up the time :DBut awesome so far
,Not Recommended,428690,24924957,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,BenH,its like sims except with half the features and no dlc
,Recommended,428690,24433673,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Eagle_GuardVegas,hmmm BEST GAME EVER ITS AN ACCURATE SIMULATION OF WHAT I WANT MY LIFE TO BE ABOUT
76561198152449793,Not Recommended,428690,24848251,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CromeStat,it suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks so not true to life you dont make two videos and get 1000 subs i want my money back now
,Not Recommended,428690,25069582,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bot Rick,When I start to play this game i think it will be cool and it was but after 5 days i stop playing it becouse its boaring really
76561198233446084,Not Recommended,428690,25090291,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kadadiff,"This game has limitations. VERY addictive i may add, but after a few hours of playing it becomes boring. ive had this game from the start, it needs more updates and new content. its not worth the mobey, about half of that. its very creative and i like the art style, but it needs more options and things to do"
76561198196776241,Recommended,428690,23429806,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Salty,This game is amazing until I LOSE my Subscribers :(
,Recommended,428690,23137742,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Joonzy,"Great concept, love the idea, only came across 1 bug so far. few problems i have come across is that i'm now married in the game and my wife doesn't like interacting with me (Hug, Talk or Kiss) i found that strange. Also a lot of Youtubers make series and walkthroughs which can lead to 50-100 episodes, in the game i make 4 videos on 1 game and they get bored, i've got the talent skill which allows my viewers to have more intrest in me playing the same game but still get hate comments. Also something else, when it asks me to name the video depending on what it is i made series names up every time i make a new video i have to change it from whatever it is, i would like to have consistent series names thats all.Great game can see it becoming pretty popular.8/10"
,Not Recommended,428690,31342253,Posted: 24 April,all,Chunchunmaruu,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198182957213,Recommended,428690,32009030,Posted: 27 May,all,WhyNotLiam,I love this game!Let me start:It has AMAZING graphics!The game has it's own original plot that isn't based off of anything!It has many options for a YouTuber channel!It is HILARIOUS!A bunch of thought and creativity went into this!AND EVEN MOARF--- you if you didn't get my sarcasum.
,Recommended,428690,23266435,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Toneage,"I bought this game after skimming Steam for some new games. After playing a few hours, I was hooked.Pros: Addictive, lots going on, very funCons: None"
,Recommended,428690,23138525,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,TonyDipa,"good game with a lot of bugs, i reccomend to buy it but maybe.. in 2-4 months..."
76561198273534322,Not Recommended,428690,33273954,Posted: 5 July,all,SKUNK,i don't like it
76561198149954937,Not Recommended,428690,23557070,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Centilliondatabase,Too many glitches and crashes and I have the newest / best graphics card out right as of 2016. On top of that I am unable to go into a luxary apartment or upgrade into one. It's not possible and I was never given an option. Game is too repetitive.
76561198060681192,Not Recommended,428690,23240647,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,The Harkbeast,"Literally get into the apartment for two people, colaborate with the roommate and cannot leave the playing game part of the video creation and now have had to reset my career 3/4 times because of this...."
,Not Recommended,428690,26964815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DTH5000,"This game gave us false promises at it's initial release. Multiplayer? Nah, we'll add it later. 5 channel options? Nope, we'll give you 3. $15? No, we want more money. It is clear U-Play Online just wanted to port this to iOS and other devices instead of giving us a game that is complete and fun to play. And personally if a developer promises me something, I expect it to be there at it's full release not after."
,Recommended,428690,23118357,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Gamez,"This game is really accurate in away that if you make a mistake on one of your videos then that video will become really difficult to become popular enough to get you any money! Love the gameplay the developers did an amazing job, so well to make it on to my youtube channel!10/10My playlisthttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiKkPz3BU6nO9fCxogodbr5eogYCdzEMZ"
76561198059225802,Recommended,428690,24050504,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zoidburg,"Youtubers life is good just update it so you can start with cooking,lifestyle,music,ex"
,Recommended,428690,23394248,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Snow Moon,"I am having a blast playing this game. The only thing I would suggest is the ability to easily save your progress! Other than that, it seems to load where I left off, I just am leary of the auto save.."
,Recommended,428690,23401876,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,SnuffWufficus,WARNING - THIS GAME IS TERRIBLY ADDICTIVE. RESORTING TO THIS GAME AS A SOURCE OF ENTERTAINMENT COULD RESULT IS A LOSS OF SOCIAL LIFE. CONTINUE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
,Not Recommended,428690,31847425,Posted: 19 May,all,duwang man,why did i get this
,Not Recommended,428690,34384677,Posted: 20 August,all,doub_le,i doent work on my pc
,Recommended,428690,23162667,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TwitchingtonBear,"I am really enjoying this game so far. I have found a few glitches. Sometimes when you buy things they wont show up unless you exit the game and reenter. Also, sometimes randomly the game will pause by itself. I love how much you can do in this game. Not only do you choose the game you can make a video for, you edit the video, can buy upgrades, network with people, and alot more. Someone put alot of thought into it. I am very impressed. If i could make a suggestion, make it possible to go back through tutorials. I accidently clicked off of something he was trying to tell me cause it popped up while I was doing another task, and now im not sure how to do what it wants me to do. Great game overall, cant wait until its updated."
76561198040189617,Recommended,428690,23916055,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Opner,BETTER THAN MY LIFE. I HAVE STEADY INCOME AND A GIRLFRIEND.
,Recommended,428690,27356821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DeadNess,needs more content butt goodwsahd
,Recommended,428690,23195785,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Redarchs,"Had 100k Subscribers in 2 Hours, Where is My Silver Play Button YOUTUBE?10/10"
76561198146543958,Recommended,428690,23200574,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Janzzuu,Great Game. It is fun and easy to play at first then things comes a little bit harder but it's still relatively easy to play.
76561198122632129,Not Recommended,428690,23452928,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Duffman,It is a good game but the sound bugs out quite alot and makes a screaching noice PLEASE FIX!
,Recommended,428690,23091535,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,W.Y Capn0100nate,When i buy something i wait and nothing happens. when i rejoin a package is here but there is nothing in it. that was the only con. it takes a lot out of the game.
76561198354010007,Not Recommended,428690,34787374,Posted: 6 September,all,sprinkles1058,"Dear people who look at this, Now I spent 4-5 hours on one match to just get a game over, it's cofusing! I swear i tried to pay rent. But it didn't work and I got a game over. If you don't like games that where you can spend hours playing just to fail. This is not recomended!"
76561198239652332,Recommended,428690,23588336,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,comowi26,i am on mac and every time i on it it has a pink screen plz help
76561198195942478,Not Recommended,428690,23392635,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,WhoKnew,Wast of 15 dollars whenever I made a video it took me off the screen and i couldnt press anything
,Recommended,428690,23364558,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Circuit Board Gamer,The last time I played a game so addictive was Game Dev Tycoon from Green Heart Games. Great job U-Play Online. This is a Truelly wonderful Experience
76561198213295251,Recommended,428690,23283551,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Derek,As a YouTuber I can say I made it to space.And I ♥♥♥♥ing made a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of videos up there.10/10 for space
76561198039276457,Recommended,428690,25445069,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SirStig,Just about the best youtuber game I've played ever.
,Not Recommended,428690,28148863,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SamarraMari,"I understand this is a early access game so it isn't going to be perfect, but thw amount of glitches I've had is making the game near unplayable. When i try to talk to peoplei just walk into them and push them without doing a action. I would recommen if they fix these glitches."
,Not Recommended,428690,23865839,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Christian Aak,I think the price is a little high compared to the product.
76561198208760596,Not Recommended,428690,23546100,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,arojah,its not intrested anymore
76561198239562232,Not Recommended,428690,23352723,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,dryshypieguy,"WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!? Great game, but i loaded my level 15 file, logged off, then loaded my level 42 file, and now MY LEVEL FORTY TWO ACCOUNT HAS A LEVEL 15 PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ Please fix this. FIX MY GAME"
,Not Recommended,428690,28556154,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lieutenant Dan,"this update broke the colabs, you tell them to make a video, so they do and it makes your character just stand still until they cant no more. you get no games out of them. to even move farther in the game, it is necessary to do colllabarations, what a great broken game you have here, been out for how long and you still have the basics of the game not resolved."
,Recommended,428690,28160950,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,IDRadiation,goodly
76561198138483717,Recommended,428690,31534586,Posted: 3 May,all,LGBTQQIP2SAA Pride,"Very innovative game for its genre, takes a long time to play but eventually gets to be a blast. What you would expect from a game like this, no more, no less. Very fun for a while but can get boring doing the same thing over and over."
76561198163426490,Not Recommended,428690,23490937,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Oranges,Don't buy it now wait til it gets better
76561198212183227,Not Recommended,428690,30637915,Posted: 20 March,all,✪Diamond,"I was Just watching Other Youtubers Play This game ! i like It so I wanted to play It my Self.But It Didn`t go That well. This Game Needs To improve!! A Lots Of Problems , Glitches , Bugs!!!"
,Recommended,428690,31884936,Posted: 21 May,all,ÐJ | naughtydog,Very fun game! Highly suggested for wanting to be a youtuber!
,Not Recommended,428690,29853572,Posted: 11 February,all,Most LFT,"Hi, i don't know if this happens to anyone else, but everytime now that i want to play the game, i want to click continue but for some reason i can't click anything."
,Not Recommended,428690,32030115,Posted: 28 May,all,krussis,It's too late for a refund. Waste of money.
76561198135916134,Recommended,428690,23278382,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lee,I can run a channel that is doing better than my actual one!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw-OiEo1jKVSD3-BFP1KIaA
76561198248268742,Recommended,428690,23245295,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pickle141,how do i get a new computer
,Recommended,428690,23723297,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,나타,"first time use my steam wallet to buy games and youtubers life was the first game I bought. Really fun and seems to be my fave game lol maybe add some new place? supermarket or a park where we can talk to each other? Because when you go to a hall for presentation, see a movie, it's the same place XD"
76561198106925571,Recommended,428690,23180827,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,James Stephens,"After playing this for 6 hours i like this game. It has some bug but its a new game.The reaction cards are way to ""expensive"" i got three 11's in a row while i had a 12 and a copyrighted one.7.69/10"
,Recommended,428690,23472857,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Lucoa,DANK MEMES I R8 420/69SNOOP DOGG- TOO DANK FOR MEDOGE- WOOF WOOF MEMES
,Recommended,428690,23343668,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DarkFinale,IT WILL BE VERY VERY LAGGY IF U PLAY ON A LAPTOP BEWAREEE. Other than that the game is actually really fun ^w^.
,Recommended,428690,23357481,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,moonlight,"finished this game in 10 hours, really enjoy the game. very good game. but need more challenge to make it more enjoyable for me 8/10"
,Recommended,428690,23146359,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Weirdo2156,"This is a great game to play in your spare time. The only problem with it is that you need a powerful enough computer to run this on (64 bit PC). Otherwise, this is a great, fun, and engaging game for any aspiring YouTubers or people look for something fun to play."
,Recommended,428690,23371300,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dinosaurs8782,"3,000 Subs already?! What a rush! And I once got a 7% intrest and the video still made it.""HILLARIOUS ~ Me: 7.5/10"
76561198264105738,Recommended,428690,23561756,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,duster,The new update will not let me play. On a mac. Help plz
76561198311438143,Recommended,428690,23563860,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,klizarraga6,"I GOT MY GAME BACKSo i got the game on MacfineI had a fun time playingfineBut when i updated to the new card system updateWHEN I RUN THE FRIKIN GAME ALL IT SHOWS ME IS PURE PINK NOT EVEN A FRIKIN BLACK DOTBut then  The Creaters Fixed this glitchHonestly if i could vote Yes And No At The Same Time,I WouldThis is a fun game full of glitches"
76561198295719985,Recommended,428690,23141852,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Carlos Martinez,"This is a fantastic game, but one thing that should be fixed is the fact that the computer dies way to fast, and it came to the point where I can't even upgrade my computer without it becoming broken. I am really disappointed at that fact because now I have to make a whole new Youtubers life person, and I just wanted to share what was happening to me."
76561198261383495,Recommended,428690,23449512,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Stawberr,"I do enjoy this game, it's a little bit like The Sims serie, but different. However, there are many bugs. I was stucked several times when I played this game, so I have to relaunch it again and again. Also, when I gave up my saved files and start a new game, I met a bug that makes me can't unlock the clothing shop. I can't go to disco or movie theater (there are no upcoming events appear on my phone). I do recommend, because I have a great time, but the bugs are annoying and should be fixed."
76561198116379390,Recommended,428690,23570682,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MOK,Good Game... Hopefully the bugs fixed immediately
76561198080227738,Recommended,428690,23149169,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MoofeusPro,Such a Great Game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqtYeWWGGtM
76561198093681099,Recommended,428690,23272441,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,jackmollison,good game is it
,Recommended,428690,23279129,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Unicorn Gamer,mum nags at you all the time10/10
76561198167201581,Recommended,428690,23286694,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,connorbsd,AWSOME GAME
76561198187829947,Recommended,428690,23307857,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,!whistle (´･ᆺ･`),fun in the first 3 hours then gets repetitivemany contents are not available yet
,Recommended,428690,23340502,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,PREMIUM DLC ✅,THIS GAME IS GOOD BUT HAVE BUG IT [ EARLY ACCESS ] SO I DON'T CARE AFTER BETA TEST COMEI OPEN GAME FOR LONG TIME YOUTUBERS LIFE NO MORE BUG
,Recommended,428690,23390415,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,SuperGhostGod REAL,Very good game!  The story is good and it is quite easy.
,Recommended,428690,23393474,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Libertygeek,"When I saw this game on Steam I knew right away that it would the perfect game for my daughter.  She is a huge fan of Youtube and aspires to one day be an established Youtuber herself.   In addition she is a big fan of The Sims and tycoon type simulators.  A win/win for her.She played the game for a few hours and I could tell she was indeed in love with the game.  Usually when my daughter gets on the gaming PC it is to play GTA or Tomb Raider but I can already tell that she is going to pump dozens of hours into her new favorite game, Youtubers Life.Last night I watched her play for a while and got the hang of it and created another character for myself and I saw the appeal.  She got mad because I was hogging the game. ;)    All in all the game feels pretty polished for an Early Access game.  I didn't see any major flaws during my playtime, nor has my daughter mentioned any.We both look forward to seeing the game progress.  Can't wait to see Achivements get into the game.   As for my daughter she already is starting to see that being a Youtuber may be a lot more work than she had any idea it would be.  It is funny to see this game be a life lesson for her in addition to being entertaining."
,Recommended,428690,23541158,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Blueorb,"Very fun and immersive game. Whoever made this game, you've created a masterpiece. GG"
,Recommended,428690,23596505,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,VG,plz add multiplayer this is very nice game !
,Not Recommended,428690,23514768,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"I bought this game because this game really interest me and have a good rating too. I play not long but I found bug already (I know this game still in early access) but I can't enjoying play this game while there is a bug such as my character is blending with other and the game is freeze, so I think this game is not ready to publish yet and not recommend to play it while still not in final version.Pros:- It's not a heavy game- good plot, combine sims and youtube life what a game, it could be a great game- the graphic is simple, I like simple thingCons:- still in early access game, so much bug in it- after playing this game a couple minute, I'm alrady bored, because the routine as the character is like looping not variative enough"
76561198230553964,Recommended,428690,23367352,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,KinGbaCH,Great games..very addicting although its still in its early phases..makes you become organized in virtual life simulation
76561198162924097,Recommended,428690,23708136,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,JDMBunny,This Game Is One Of the Best Games On Steam! I Recomend it to Everyone :)
76561198276006263,Recommended,428690,23314810,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,jebschock,"This Game is SOOO much fun, however there area few few bugs. I would wait a week or two before buying it."
76561198089416313,Recommended,428690,30486304,Posted: 13 March,all,Coop,"This game is ALMOST great.If you enjoyed Game Dev Tycoon or The Sims, this is your type of game! The problems lie in the lack of explanation and the insane pricing of items. Once you get to your 3rd residence and start working with a collaborator, the game just.....craps all over you.The collab is expensive, they wont self publish, and they literally just stand around your apartment dancing like dirty hippies. It is kind of terrible. You also have to go without a 2nd workspace for about a week, then spend 500 on a basic PC that is only 30% of what your current PC is... Pricing is a terrible problem across the board in this game. The only things affordably priced are Games and Food. Rent goes from 80 to 320, then to 950.....pretty big freakin jump.Once you get to 300k+ subs, money isnt much of an issue, but that is when other problems kick in. My collaborater and I had a great relationship, I spent ages leveling her skills and having her take courses. All of a sudden, my spiteful ex-roomate turned her against me and she walked out on me to join his channel...seriously? WTF kind of tactic is that. I put hours of work and tons of in-game cash into improving her skills and it was ripped away about 5 mins after we moved into a luxury apartment.Very annoying grammatical errors when at conventions, movies, or parties. Also there are a few words in your phone that are in a foreign language (maybe french? not really sure).I love the concept and it is SOOOOOOO CLOSE to being amazing. With a quick patch this could be a 10/10 game. Not sure what is stopping the dev's from fixing the small issues...With improved AI and reduced prices (at early stages of the game), this could be a GREAT game. It is SO CLOSE, but in IMO no cigarI still recommend the game, it is fun and once you learn how to deal with the garbage and look past the translation errors, it is a good experience. I had to restart the game about 3 times to figure everything out, but once I did, I enjoyed most of the experience.So far I have only played as a gamer (you can also create a cooking or music channel). Once I master gaming, I will try the other channel options. Overall I will give this game a 7 out of 10. The idea is AMAZING and the execution is SOO close, but I feel like the game could be improved drastically with a quick patch.-Fix the language issues.-Reduce prices in the first two residences.-Provide more explanation about expanding and ESPECIALLY on event dress codes (it makes no sense)-Reduce friendship decay (if I am going to make enough money to stay afloat I cant chat and goto movies every 5 minutes)-Don't allow collabs that I have maxed out relationship with be taken away by other U-Tubers (why build relationship or put $$/time into them if they can just get sniped away?)"
,Not Recommended,428690,24707760,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,sealskis11,Maybe the worst game I have ever played...It had to be the most boring thing ever..When I first bought it I thought it would be like the Sims.Oh no.Not at all.
,Not Recommended,428690,23276109,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Azeriel,"It has potentials, but there are a lot that still needs to be fixed and QOL improvements before release. Would I recommend it once they're fixed? absolutely. Right now, not so much.First of all let me just say that they might have the next big indie title here. It's not often a tycoon management game tries to tackle to the social aspect as well, and if it's done correctly, it would be a great attempt at a stale genre.Without further ado, here are my suggestions based on my time spent on the early access of the game:- Camera movements are my biggest gripe right now. I don't know why the camera sometimes moves like it's on acid in which even a slightest move request would swing the camera to the extreme. Additionally, there's no proper angle once you move to your second apartment to get a good look at everything.- Speaking of camera and movement, there should be a way for me to look at the second floor without having my character use the stairs. Please see how The Sims handle multiple floors buildings.- Proper time formatting please. I hope this is just an Early Access thing, but going to school to ""study"" at 2H (which I assumed 2AM) made absolutely no sense.- There should be an option to alter the speed of time (x0.5, x1, x2, x3). More often than not I felt rushed in the game to get the next video out and when I was wasting time doing social events, I just sat there without any option to make the time move faster.- Accidentally cancelling the video editing sequence for whatever reason should allow you to get back to it. Either by a proper UI function, or clicking the computer again.- The computer breaks too fast. And hopefully there's a system where you just eventually able to fix your own computer like in real life.- If my collaborator is in the middle of creating a video, he or she should not randomly stopped just because I went to a social event. This happens multiple times that I had to request the video creation again.- I should be able to ask my collaborator to stop reading a course book and continue later if we need a new video STAT.- Allow us to chat with our contacts even when the video is rendering or updating.- We can't shop with our smartphone?- Accidentally missing an event for whatever reason should allow you to get back to it if the event is not going yet. I accidentally closed the ""automatic event pop-up"" to go to a game presentation and my character just won't go anymore. That is silly especially since I'm not even late to the presentation whatsoever.- Need more keybindings and quick menu.That will be all for now. I love these kind of games and I'm looking forward for the full release, if these issues are addressed."
,Not Recommended,428690,28988806,Posted: 3 January,all,jul,"Boring and too expensive, also takes up way too much time. It's pretty alright that you can call your video's whatever you'd like to call it and make a character but I still definetly wouldn't recommend it."
76561198276404482,Not Recommended,428690,24664056,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ms.PircklyPorcupine,This game is so boring. But I saw youtubers play it so I bought it.
,Not Recommended,428690,23876326,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,♛ Prey ♛,When i bought youtubers life i was ready to play right after i downloaded it. I clicked play game black screen so i thought it was loading WRONG doesnt even load WORST GAME! You need to fix the game before you put it on steam for MAC dont let people buy the game if it doesnt even work. SEE IF THIS ISSUE IS FIXED BEFORE YOU BUY!Would not recommend if you have a limited bal on games!
76561198088128732,Not Recommended,428690,28236806,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BossAssBitch,Cool concept but not executed well. Very buggy and stale
76561198256140610,Not Recommended,428690,23554669,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,darrin,The game was awesome up until it glitched and showed a pink screen and no matter what a tried a couldn't fix it and i want to reinstall it but it won't let me because it is in my steam library! How do you get rid of the game in the steam library? I do not recommend this game right now because it is an early access game. ♥♥♥♥ you U-Play Online! Excuse my language but this is outrageous. I was doing so well in the game and had over 40K subs but after the glitch happened i lost all my progress. So until this is fixed do not buy this game! P.S. I want my money back!!!
,Recommended,428690,28397364,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Britt,"I love the game but as of this writing, it is still very much full of a small number of bugs that you'll run into repeatedly. All in all, I've really had fun with this game and will continue playing it."
,Recommended,428690,25610428,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Kyneptic,After recording my first video... i edited and i found out something... my computer is so ****ing bad i cant see anything that resembles a game.Best 1980 simulator 10/10
76561198312477229,Recommended,428690,31940672,Posted: 24 May,all,DogOfFire,This game is amazing! I deffinitly reccomend this gane to other people that like youtube and  you can cook and also be a music person or a gaming youtuber!
76561198150083847,Recommended,428690,23297145,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ZiggyZag07 (G.E.W.P),Ok I like this game but when you move into 3 apatment things cost  way to much so lower the cost of the hirring
76561198313207097,Not Recommended,428690,31178001,Posted: 16 April,all,sos_boy :D,my game wont load up anymore
76561198317159525,Not Recommended,428690,24131129,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一 noscoped,does not worck when trying to load it it just goes to a purple scrren
76561198253945460,Recommended,428690,23686387,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Butt Stallion,Epic and awesome game
76561198212321271,Recommended,428690,23686127,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TheStrikes,Legit just great
,Recommended,428690,23418437,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Zoosaf,THIS GAME IS EPIC!!!!I LOVE IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH!!!!
76561198096483264,Recommended,428690,23440645,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ProGamerPL2005,Its My New Favorite Game !!!!!
76561198095149879,Recommended,428690,23265831,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dr.Edward.J.Richtofen,"When i first played this game it was pretty amazing, even though it is still a work in progress it is like your a real life youtuber, the creators did an outstanding job on this. I cant wait to see what they addin future updates. My rating: 10/10"
76561198161247098,Recommended,428690,23265722,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,GregEld,"This game is really cool, it just really realistic i can say if you like play sims + simulation game this is the best game that you should try.Graphic 9/10Realistic 9/10Story 8/10Simulation 10/10but there still have some bugs in the game like join an event when the loading page start to come out, the loading suddenly stop at 81% and do not continue so you should close the game try to open the game again"
,Recommended,428690,23348482,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Benny1590,"This game is about life unexpectedly youtube .. this is a very fun game and real. Every hour of play you feel better until you reach the end. The game is still in beta so you can not expect that the game is bug free. Yet it is in beta, it's hilarious game and look forward to more updates and unlock new sections in selecting the characters. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,428690,23349519,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Teemurion,"Great! Now I can be the #1 Youtuber in a game, while I'm starving to death in real life!! AWESOME!!!"
76561198033984598,Recommended,428690,23426248,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Animono,7/10
,Recommended,428690,23426524,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,feminem,i accidentlly refunded kill me pls
76561198214338468,Recommended,428690,23426923,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MajesticToast,Very addicting very fun i would definetly recommend getting this :D
76561198020445819,Recommended,428690,23426370,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,m00kst3r,"Fantastic game! My vote for Best Game of the Year! Even though there are still a couple of minor glitches, this is expected in early access. Love this game sooo much! Totally buy Youtubers Life!"
,Not Recommended,428690,30367285,Posted: 6 March,all,Mordiguy,Eh
,Recommended,428690,24359778,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pixy ✿,"Got this game when it was first released on Steam as early access. Very fun and interesting to play. A couple of bugs here and there but the devs are hard at work improving this game. Honestly makes me wanna improve my own channel. :')A lot of new channels are going to be added soon (music, make-up, etc), really looking forward to that.You can upgrade your equipment (PC, camera, software, mic/headset, etc), make new videos on games, buy the newest games and consoles, add collaborators, get fame, and new features are still being added. Recently they added Steam trading cards and achievements as well.It's still in Early Access so if you're impatient when it comes to bugs or updates, you might want to wait until it officially comes out. They are a small team so please be patient. It is worth it though."
76561198329955050,Recommended,428690,33660135,Posted: 19 July,all,Tord,I LOVE LOVE LOVE this game!!! so addicting!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I spent 21 HOURS playing this so far!!!! Need a game to past the time?!?!?!?!?!?!?! THIS ONES IT!!!!!!!
76561198108239752,Recommended,428690,23252753,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Phycodog1509,"This is a good game. Very fun, but has a few downfalls. I went into debt by less then a $ and it was game over, which is pretty ridiculous as i had a video that was about to give nearly $100. Also the popularit/interest of the games goes down pretty fast. Most YTers do long series of sometimes 100s of EPs, but i was getting to about 5 vids and was having to sell them and get a new one. And my roommate was constantly coming in and out of my room and using MY pc! Overall i think it will be a fantastic game when it is finished and out of early access."
,Recommended,428690,23375509,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ToXic,"Please, Fix it Study Course"
76561198114409817,Not Recommended,428690,26572115,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,anus,"Painfully monotonous. The recording sessions are probably the worst part, but then again, the whole thing is pretty awful. I don't know how I managed to play so long. I must be a masochist. Save your money, my dudes."
76561198276505101,Recommended,428690,23175075,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,AidanEGaming  csgobounty.com,Amazing but crashes after 10 minutes
,Recommended,428690,23375330,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,[D0D] Aozz101x,"- Starts in a Fantasy Youtube Job- Mom saids that i'll be Grounded, if i don't study.- got study alot. and, do jobs that i apprently have.- get a girlfriend- girlfriend said she wants be alone.- brought her to my house anyways- went to a dance party- got anorther GF-  brought her to my house- play more games to get subs and viewsPretty Good Game, might new a few things to add in the game, but otherwise not bad."
76561198205208848,Recommended,428690,32834351,Posted: 26 June,all,GalacticGangsters,its ok
,Not Recommended,428690,23262601,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Midori no Neko,"This game is pretty cool and everything but... IT. NEEDS. A. STUPID. AMOUNT. OF. FIXES. My character because of a bug the loading screen did not loaded! I had to close the game what it made? It passed the entire GamesCon and I did not even had the chance to see it! Also when I was creating a character in a account I couldn't choose nothing than my gender and skin color. Why? Because of a bug! and also like BnL this game should start with low graphics quality, in a account I had made I was lagging SOOOOOOOO much and in my THIRD ACCOUNT THIRD!!! I discovered what was happening. Also there is a bug that happens in the collaborators, when they are studying a course the thing becomes blank and the name of what he is studying disappear, it happens when the collaborator is wanting to sleep and we have to talk or do whatsoever with him then he stops and go to it's house then comes back to complete the course, and also is very annoying that we have to see how became the video or the course to have the thing done, like: we have to see how the video became at him to he post it and the course the same to he win the stats, also the hours skip to fast! It should be one hour after 6 sec and it would be a little bit better, it think it skips after every 4 secs. It is not very good to buy it in the early access, just play who wanna give feedback or report bugs, but probably when the games get out of early access it will be the most AMAAAAAAZING game in steam."
,Recommended,428690,31039164,Posted: 9 April,all,connorkicksass,The game has awsome i got it the day it came out i thought it would go down in development but its syill amazing
76561198143197415,Recommended,428690,33796853,Posted: 25 July,all,lewiskirk,"I live in the 2 loft room and I am trying to move into the Luxury Appartment but I don't have a room mate and I don't know how to get one, can someone help me please?"
76561198318408580,Not Recommended,428690,34255468,Posted: 15 August,all,s360play,Please don't buy this game the motion look crap it's a good game without that but the. Motion is just terrible
76561198409314387,Recommended,428690,34037623,Posted: 5 August,all,YeahBoi44,"Its really good but there is some glitches like my computer kept breaking down even if I fixed it and it was and it was a new computer too so yeah,"
,Recommended,428690,32464738,Posted: 15 June,all,Average Salamander,this is my life in a video game.
,Recommended,428690,23232094,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TehNoobyGaming,Fun little game that makes me feel like I am truly talented when in fact I am not.10/10
,Recommended,428690,30192750,Posted: 26 February,all,!>Webber<!,"Well, its and indie funny and repetitive game, is good i guess but its super bored when you finih it, i recomand it if you want a indie game with a youtuber simulator"
76561198262047766,Recommended,428690,31924758,Posted: 23 May,all,icecoldkiller,I love it but now everytime i go to shop it crashes
76561198286255360,Recommended,428690,23405745,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,_ertz,Good game at first but gets boring
,Not Recommended,428690,23676021,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Reflaction #RIPLP,If you enjoy doing the same thing over and over again this is your game.i personally wouldnt recommend it
,Recommended,428690,25365224,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Corny,"I haven't played it much lately but when I did, I didn't encounter any bugs or glitches. That being said I think it is a great and addicting game, just wished that they would add extra features and things to do to make the game a bit more interesting. Overall 8.5/10."
,Recommended,428690,23257909,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Raiiser csgoroll.com,love it! Cant Wait for more
,Recommended,428690,23258049,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,goodnight my love,fun little game tbh
76561198308726195,Recommended,428690,23487043,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,arsalanbtrfan,"Overall, it is an amazing game with just a few minor setbacks"
,Recommended,428690,23373011,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,luke,"Extremely good game, its a brilliant mix of tube tycoon + sims. the price is reasonable, and the game is fantastic!"
76561198133309810,Recommended,428690,23373560,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jeff Hardy,With over 12 hours on record this game is going very well! There are a few bugs though. Just little glitches like ill make a video for a reward (from 1m network) finish the video then nothing happens can't continue the video. The game does get boring after you reach the space station (The final house) cause you just sit there make vids get subs and nothing exciting happens. But overall i would recommend playing this game :) !
,Recommended,428690,23193039,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Daniel,Absolutely addicting. I've had moments where my real life is being affected by my obsession of this game. 10/10
76561198121520033,Recommended,428690,34464402,Posted: 24 August,all,coolsam5071,This Game Is A pretty Nice Game I like it.
,Recommended,428690,24221438,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,RemanBlood,"This is a very interesting game, the gameplay is nice just what i want in simulation game, and it's very challenging game, for those who want to be a youtuber or just want to know how youtuber gain their money,equipment,subscriber,hater and lots of other stuff."
76561198272378468,Recommended,428690,24221853,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,sydneyisgold,"I love this game and i enjoy playing it. The new update is great! The graphics are much better and the game runs much more smooth. The only problem i have had so far is sometimes when a game is shipped and i open the box, only a part of the game shows and it does not appear on my shelf. On the store it says i have purchased it, so the money i spent on the game is gone and i cannot play it."
,Not Recommended,428690,32395754,Posted: 13 June,all,areim,"It's absorbing game and its pleasent to play it as casual but there are a lot of bugs which occurs on important times.Some of them:- PC is getting broken after 1ms just you repair it. If you were waiting an upload/render at that time, you have to quit the game otherwise you can't do anything.- My characther goes to make video edit but I can't edit the video. Game gets in loop. Meanwhile your time to publish is over and you lost your agreement with network.There are a lot of bugs like that which makes you crazy and delete the game just after you rage quit :P"
,Recommended,428690,23224867,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,OldBiscuit,I literally have a sweatshop of people making videos for me non-stop 10/10 best polish simulator ever!!
76561198153392512,Recommended,428690,23202711,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,NYB0R,"I really like this game. I love that you can make youtube videos on different consoles and that you can go to events like discos and the movies. Although i really enjoy playing this game i would like it if you could have more say in what the room looks like, other than that i really like this game and i would recomend it to anyone who enjoys the sims!"
76561198309546555,Recommended,428690,35117751,Posted: 21 September,all,PlaysLikeAGirl,Really fun game
76561198145633529,Recommended,428690,33996329,Posted: 3 August,all,Bruce the Copper,"The conflict ""The Youtuber"" (Yourself) and the mother is the most intense one I've seen in any game in all my years of gaming, this alone makes it a great play but meeting new friends and enemies requires that you think every step you make or you might just regret it. This game is about growing your empire and you'll find that it is incredibly difficult the more popular you become, trying to smuggle crack cocaine across the sets of your Youtube gaming videos is a task as you use tactics to cover up your supplier like, ""he's my room mate"" or ""he's my brother"" each video is more and more taxing on your sanity as you cannot cover everything and your drug empire could come crashing down on you."
76561198287078735,Recommended,428690,24476786,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,CryptonHD,This is a really good game for early Acces. A few hilarious spelling mistakes please change them to. Also when it is not early acces do i still have to pay for the game again or not?
76561198298093113,Not Recommended,428690,23278459,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,danielhetherington12,The graphics keep messing up! I can't see anything just black and white with a pink characters head! I'm not happy!
76561197972413055,Recommended,428690,23728512,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,eCo,"I really enjoy this game. Tho there is still some bugs. Some really annoying one is the black and white screen half the time. Now i just upgraded my home 4 times, and its constant now.Really a good game for one who dont really have anything to do, and want abit of fun"
,Recommended,428690,24371061,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,COCK,enjoying the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game
,Recommended,428690,28197644,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Danthgamerplayz_YT,its very fun and adicking
,Recommended,428690,23337437,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Michael Sly,"Like another reviewer said, this game is like a cross between The Sims and Game Dev Tycoon.You can customize your character, lead him or her into different social endeavors, while building yourself into a YouTube icon. You start off at your mom's house still going to school. You start off taking tests, but with some money you'll purchase new games and recording equipment. You put that back into your videos, and you rinse and repeat. That builds into new places to stay, and with enough persistence, you'll have your own YouTube team!In my opinion it's a very fun game, but just be aware this is an Early Access game still. There are some balancing issues once you get into the Luxury stage and Network modes. For some people you'll probably find the game too repetitive in its current state. The ""Sim"" aspect isn't fully hashed out quite yet.However I'm quite excited to see where this game goes. It seems the game will allow different types of YouTube channels in the future (currently you can only do a gaming channel). The developers seem to have clear direction on where this game is going as well, as opposed to other Early Access games."
,Recommended,428690,23257054,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,G0LDGUY,"This game is the most realistic YouTube simulator out there. It is in depth, and a lot of fun! Good Job!"
76561198179216855,Recommended,428690,23243404,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TrustyFireStick,Really amazing game but here are my suggestions you should add ;) might give you ideas thanks if you post these!1: Showers?/ Toilets use? for appartment 22: Kid has chores for hes mom3: add popular youtubers such as DanTDM and talk with him in gameBTW: this game is supper fun if your parents say no that you cant get this game than you are bad parents if you said that to your son this game is a 10/10 in my book im a youtuber my self withg almost 500 subscribers  irl thanks for this amazing game!
,Not Recommended,428690,23256754,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Transjenner,"I enjoyed Youtubers Life overall for the 4/5 of an hour I owned it.Unfortunately, the game is early access. There were constant crashes in the opening objectives of the game where a friend (or your mom) would walk into your room while queueing for another activity, such as sleeping, and the game would no longer process any more actions. I was forced to quit and restart from my last save.Additionally, attending the first convention froze the loading screen at 81%.Overall, I liked the game; it was fun! However, I asked for my first refund. I'm still interested in purchasing the final product, but in its current state, I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,428690,23522952,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FlipMyPancake,"This is a very fun game, however, the game breaking bugs are a reality right now, keeping in mind that this is an early access game I suppose this is to be expected. As for right now, until the game is finished I do not recommend it."
,Recommended,428690,23190620,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,MIDONEK-,It's just worth. Can't wait for the final released.
76561198369541669,Recommended,428690,30357065,Posted: 6 March,all,emma112.pickersgill,"I really enjoy this game, its well organized and structured, it is compatible with many devices and all-in-all is a really fun and inspirational game to play. The price is slightly above what I would usually pay for a game like this however it is worth it in the long term, games can be restarted and there is the option of gaming, cooking and music channel currently. In the future I would love there to be a wider variety of channel options, such as fashion, lifestyle and crafts however for now I am very satisfied with the gameplay and the extended options. I love the extras of being able to attend events, parties and movie premieres, editing videos and browsing the in-game computer for new clothes, technology and items relevant to the game options you select. I would say that the game can get slightly repetitive but I enjoy those types of games and you can attend different events and do different activities to make the game more interesting. Please do more channel options to really boost the quality and audience for this game, as that would really make the game perfect and would need no further improvements in my opinion!Thank you,Emma"
76561198088647956,Recommended,428690,28965955,Posted: 2 January,all,GamerRJ,"Youtuber’s Life is a simulation strategy type game. It has tons of endless replay ability with all the constant updates the devs are providing, I hope to see a bright future in this early access game. As far as 1/2/2017 There are only 3 different channel types you can have, which are gaming, music and cooking, with lifestyle and fashion on the way. I have currently only tried the gaming channel, which I’m assuming is the best one, as it should be the one worked on the most. But I’m sure all other types are decent. The core mechanics of the gaming channel is make RELEVANT videos, build friendships, don't mess up on the video recording and editing, and do your best to make quality content videos. Once you reach about 30k subs and so on the gameplay gets repetitive, as all I found myself doing for 3 hours of gameplay was recording videos, going to events, making friends, leveling up my tech tree, upgrading my computer, and doing jobs for bulk cash. My status in the game with 6.5 hours was 270k subs and about 5 million views. Making more than 1k for my income. And that has been my whole experience so far. As my type of playing style, I don't mind the repetitive grindy gaming style that this game extremely caters too. Overall I really don’t mind the setbacks this game has as it is still in early access and has lots of opportunities to fix itself in areas it needs help. One of the useless mechanics I find annoying and intolerable is if you have a mate, she or he buys furniture and clothing using your money. One time she bought a 50 dollar ninja sword hang, it was really inconvenient as I was trying to save to get triple monitors. Overall I recommend this game to any friend knowing what I just said, it will get really cold at some points of the game especially when you’re working towards the luxury apartment, but as I said if you like that kind of stuff, get it but if you want nonstop action, then this game isn’t the greatest option for you."
76561198272015518,Recommended,428690,30379692,Posted: 7 March,all,VivaLaHabster,it is good for small time playing. if you want a game to play for a long time this game is not the baest for that but is still good
76561198123346254,Recommended,428690,23866558,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Microsoft Powerpoint,This game is actually really fun. Can't wait to get more updates. One of my favourite steam games :)
,Recommended,428690,24508072,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,tmac.mackenzie,Youtubers life is an amazing game because it combines a game like game dev tycoon and the sims into one amazing game even though this game is in early access it is an amazing buy and I cannot wait for the next updateand I Am looking forward to the next game they make
76561198079336954,Recommended,428690,24085327,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,RedShadowAssassin01,Youtubers Life is an amazing simulation game.
76561198300843625,Recommended,428690,24094861,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,cashing-gold,Can you please make a youtuber ply button? Thanks!
76561198209081097,Recommended,428690,24096343,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GrapeGangster,"Well. This is youtubers life. It can only be described as The sims Crossed with tube tycoon. I will be listing the pros and cons.PROS-Somewhat relieving art style-Addicting gameplay-Decent Character Customization-Easy to understand game mechanicsCONS-Not much to do late-game-No channel options other than gaming (This will be changed, however as the dev said so)-Unboxing videos are INSANE And vlogs are ABSOLUTE CRAP.-As long as a game has high interest, you can make generally crappy videos and barely get by.CONCLUSIONDo i recommend youtubers life? Yes. Do i recommend buying it at full price? No. Wait for a decent sale to buy the game."
,Recommended,428690,28723160,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lindsaynpatterson,I like the cooking one because it let's you make your own recipe!Good one Youtubers Life!
76561198340155676,Recommended,428690,28993643,Posted: 3 January,all,8-BitAidan,A++++=This is the Best Game Ever!!! I LOVE THE GAME!!!!
,Recommended,428690,24259800,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Snak3SyS,Top
76561198193115075,Not Recommended,428690,24751350,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Yaydon,This game is not fun i have bought the game and have ask for a refund two times and still havent repied i recommed not buying this game.
76561198313760668,Recommended,428690,24001444,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Calledsnail38,Just great. Great game. thats all i can say.
76561198328505426,Recommended,428690,29213667,Posted: 12 January,all,Respected0,Lol good!
,Recommended,428690,24660800,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Aminé,Super fun and addicting
,Recommended,428690,24667417,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,moeymomo1999,This is a great game!Issues are in the first paragraph and reveiw is the rest.CONS:For some reason I have having issues thoughtsuch as...Player not atending eventsNot getting money from workingand No being able to complete tasks and challengesPROS:I have just gotten to the mantion and reached 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS and the game has been lots of funSadley for these glitches I am unable to progress but hopefuly I am able to play the game in a later updateThis is a Fantastic game and if you are thinking about buying this then I thik your should because trust me it is worth it!This is a challenging game with tasks you need to complete during a certaint timeNot only that but it is very accurate with younger YouTubers starting off their channel it shows ho it is hard to keep uploading videos to keep out subscribers happy but to get good grades as well.Very well created game and I would recomend you purchace this gameweather it is later (because of the gliches) of now you will have fun while playing this gameI HOPE THIS HELPED!XD
76561198039037132,Recommended,428690,24845331,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kokosnuss,"This game is rly nice,But...... The ingame Music is rly bad its the same the whole time...and since the new update my game is frozen when i switch the locations!!!!!PLESE FIX IT"
76561198310399482,Recommended,428690,24853786,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,charliecoia1,great game buy
,Recommended,428690,24198190,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,T1M,"Just fix the shading on the faces. That's my only complaint, having tan people with massive milk-like stains around their eyes and mouth drives me crazy."
,Recommended,428690,24468548,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,J35S3,"Very addictive!SPOILER ALERT!!!You get GAME OVER for going into debt 2 months in a row, I DON'T RECCOMEND DOING THISYou can also get married. =D"
,Recommended,428690,23848436,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TAP | Anjew,"I became very addicted to this game. But in the end... Well. It ended up being pretty repetitive and I started not to enjoy it. I am very close to the ending of the game. But I can't bring myself to play it anymore. I do know that they are adding more to the game, so that might solve the problem. So PRO - Fun, addictive, different. CONS- Becomes boring, repetitive, and kinda of a bit annoyin due to the sounds!! But of course I do enjoy it still. So I do enjoy it  and recommend it!!"
76561198257875273,Recommended,428690,24597605,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ghostrobo22,One of the most epic games i have ever played in my life it is great to discover how good you are at youtube and it is just a great gsme
76561198359005678,Recommended,428690,30898803,Posted: 2 April,all,yaoshiiscool,"I really like the game beacause it has loads of goals and tutorials/help in the game.In this game you are a youtuber who move houses, cerate videos, hire collaborators earn the silver/gold play button, get a wife and become the the best youtuber ever.Loads of people say that after you master at it, it gets boring but as loads of games, there are always boring parts like minecraft or terraria but after the boring parts there are always fun and awesome and legendary moments.Also in this game the are three modes. Gaming, music and the cooking channels. All fun but have slightly diffrent storys. Out of all three the most popular/original/main mode is the gaming as it is the first made.I give this game a 11 out of 10"
76561198252418044,Recommended,428690,23859988,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Epic Gamer45672,I think youtubers life is a very good simulator.
76561198170194898,Recommended,428690,24179068,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jackaboy,it says it has all the new channels i went to play it and nothing has changed
,Not Recommended,428690,23372672,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,spookkumi,"So, I've recently purchased ""Youtuber's Life."" This is one of the best and worst purchases of my life. I've wanted to be a Youtuber ever since I saw ""SkyDoesMinecraft"" when I was five years old. I just never had the guts to show my face or voice on the internet. So I bought this game thinking it would be like an actual Youtube career, but easier, becuase You gain hundreds of subs, no matter what you post. Also, at the moment, You are only able to do Gaming channels. I imagine, possibly, that you have to earn other types of channels later on in the game, or they aren't even added to the game yet, as it is Early Access. So I started my ""Not-Real-Youtube"" Career. You start in your mother's house. Not the basement, which I am sad about. You say, ""hey, les make som vidja gaem vids."" So you start with the only game on your shelf. You gradually gain money, study, do jobs to earn money, and decorate your room in this phase of the game. Pretty fun, right? This is everything I thought Youtube would be like ever since I was a kid. Eventually, one of your friends invites you to stay in a bigger apartment, which allows you to gain more levels, however, you need $160 on the spot and from there on, $80 dollars a month. I bought the upgrade, and as soon as you move in, you no longer have unlimited food, you can go in debt easily with the $80 a month, because as soon as you have atleast $160, the game prompts you into buying, and you can't really progress unless you buy the apartment. So, you unlock The Grocery Website, and The Clothing Website, which lets you buy food and clothes respectively. After this, the game shifts into MADNESS. You constantly have to buy new gaming platforms, even though nowadays, PC game dominates Youtube, buying games for those platforms, and managing your food. I was always trying to manage my channel, but I would run out of money from buying games, upgrading my PC to edit my videos, and keeping up with the $80 rent. I tried mainly focusing on my channel, because thats whats this game is about! I was always accepting offers to play games and upload them to my channel, because I was constantly out of money, also, once you move into your apartment, you can recieve offers for games, you don't have consoles for. So if you want the money that you need very much, you can't get it unless you earn about 200-375 dollars. So this is where my story kicks back in. I was invited to go to the movies with my friend, as you can go to parties and gaming cons, which I think is really cool, and I accepted, because I thought I had time to earn my rent, as it was the day before the end of the month. I went to the movies and tried to socialize with everyone, thinking my channel would grow from that when I got back to my room. I walk into the movie hall to watch the movie. GAME OVER. START OVER FROM THE BEGINNING OF YOUR APARTMENT! ""Oh no! It seems you've missed rent twice. Screw you."" Oh yeah, I missed rent once because of all the games I had, were outdated, so I wouldn't earn any money from them. Why does the game advance in Game Time instead of Real Time when at events. That is so stupid. I was furious. I have no words. Literally, I can't think of anything else to say about that. I'm writing this review 3 hours later, and I'm still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHY. Ok, enough about that, time for things this game needs to fix/add/remove. Add all types of channels from the start. Did NerdyNummies start out as a gaming channel? Probably, but I really don't care about that channel, so I'm going to assume she didn't. Add Flash Games! The first thing you see when you open your game, is a guy that looks pretty much like PewDiePie! One of his most popular game series is ""Happy Wheels"" and look where that got him! 20mil+ subs! When at events, make them run in real time. If it runs in real time at parties, why doesn't it run in real time in other events? Fix the computers in this game. Remember how I said I was constantly doing jobs instead of making videos? Well, I did that for about... 4 in-game days, didn't touch the PC once, because I was loaded with the only affordable food, Sandwiches. The PC broke! So that costed me $20 to repair. Money is crucial in this game. I understand thats what happens in real life. Youtubers need the money once they go independant, and if they fail, there's not much to climb back up on. However, that's no excuse to make this game about only making money. The Youtubers I see, are, most of the time, having fun with their friends when they make videos. This game, is being the Youtuber only doing it for money. Thats just not fun to me. Unless Online Multiplayer is added, where everyone has their individual lives, but everyone can interact with each other, I just don't see this game being that fun. This game is just MySims, but restricted to one room. In my opinion, that really is as boring and lonely as it can get. Also, I have to mention this, the games you buy in this game, have silly and goofy names, yet the merchanise you can buy on the in-game website for your room, is literally called ""Mario Shelf"" and I saw a Pikachu hat that looked exactly like the one I have so, I don't get why they tried to avoid copyright, but they put copyrighted material in the game. Bye."
,Not Recommended,428690,23288850,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DeadlyCakes,"IMPORTANT: This review is in the early access of this game.I wanted to enjoy this game. I really did. It's like a mix of The Sims and Tube Tycoon. But after awhile, it just gets to the point where you're just doing the same thing over and over again. It's a fun game if you only want to play for a few hours, but getting to the point where you have the most subs on youtube will take too much of your time, and it's too repetitive. You make video after video, and if you're not at top health (slept already, ate food) then you won't be able to make a good video. There are some bugs, too. Sometimes your roommate comes in, says he will play on your computer, but you're making a video on it, so he leaves, but then he appeared in the chair as soon as the video uploaded. It's too buggy and there's not much to do in my opinion yet. Save your money. If you want a game like this that's worth your while, buy The Sims on a game keys site for cheaper."
76561198280273566,Recommended,428690,24104292,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,abslc,Amazing Game! So Splendid! Just Beautiful!
76561198063406103,Recommended,428690,24128284,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HollyBomberofthed8,"This game was SUPER fun. After seeing many actual youtubers play this game, I tried it out, and it was a blast! The constant rush of anxiety to finish some orders, or just sitting back and relaxing as your 4 co-workers do all the work; this game was really fun. Now that I reached the space station, I don't know what to do. The ""coming soon"" for the different type of youtubing besides gameplay - will that come soon?"
,Recommended,428690,24129648,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Antman,This game is fun to play and adictive.
76561198250660220,Recommended,428690,24113648,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,GregoryyDiazz,18.3 hours of my life gone for fake youtube fame.10/10 would waste life again
,Recommended,428690,24116366,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Costa hellcase.com,"It's a great game its like playing the sims but being a youtuber in the sims. Right now all you can be is a gaming youtuber which is fun, but making the same type of videos over and over again may seem a bit grindy so if you don't like that kind of stuff the game isn't for you. But there are other things you can do in the game besides constantly producing videos such as, going to events like gaming presentations for new games coming out, or even just going to the movies with some friends. You can even record vlogs when you're at certain events. Although this is an early access game, meaning you may stumble upon a few bugs when playing the game, but the game is being updated fairly frequently, and later on they will add new types of youtubers to be besides gaming such as, cooking or fitness."
76561198317002888,Not Recommended,428690,24281951,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Lily,"This game looks very fun and intense from Youtuber videos, but every time I buy a game or someone sends me one, It always disappers and I cant play it, I can only play the games that have VERY low rating and interest. Please fix this glitch as soon as possible!!"
,Recommended,428690,24283959,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,☁Trump 115 カタ␕,BEST GAME EVER!!!
76561198123451585,Recommended,428690,24339211,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Tad the Delphox,"This is a really fun game to play. It's got great animations, good controls, and the game is fun and easy to play. It's quick-paced and money isn't hard to get if you know what you're doing. The game does have a few bugs here and there, but that's to be expected from a game that's in it's early development. Other than that, I recommend this game to anyone who wants to see what it's like being a youtuber."
76561198155429043,Recommended,428690,31841631,Posted: 19 May,all,Bos136,"This game is awesome!!! I watched people play this game,then I played it and enjoyed it"
,Recommended,428690,31826880,Posted: 18 May,all,PhAnTomL0rD,Nice game rely love it very good made and almost no bugs but i wish it was co op like you can play with friends.
76561198174637103,Not Recommended,428690,24315735,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Memeokey | Kickback.com,"This game is fun at the beginning but, when you get to hour 3, it get pretty old. The worst part is now I can't even get a refund!"
76561198307625542,Not Recommended,428690,31854181,Posted: 19 May,all,Cross,"Played for 10 hours trying to ignore the glitchs and boring repatativity. I then gave up and tryed a different route finding it even more boring. Requested a refund.... they rejected it..... im sad now, i have a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and im out $25. do not buy this."
,Not Recommended,428690,24429469,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ninjajkl,This Game is too glitchy and slow. You need a monster of a computer to run it at an even reasonable speed. It is so bad that in the convention you cant even play the games. -1/10
,Recommended,428690,24709728,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Cocuqun_Biri,10/10 IGN
76561198261378961,Recommended,428690,24726580,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,lombardos,This game is diffrent from other tycoon games. This i s more realistic but fun at the same time;
,Recommended,428690,24712398,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ProBlueGamer,this game is amazing
76561198157307731,Recommended,428690,28563961,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pheonix,"Great Indie Title, Fun To Play And Worth The Money."
,Recommended,428690,24600595,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Rosco the undead klown,fun and  intrasting but i wish the  game con mini games are less impossable and i wish the  callobrater would stop danicng  when you ask them to do  a video
,Recommended,428690,24038221,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,☭Правила коммунизма☭,I recommend this game for people who are Sims fans and know most youtubers dont have a life
76561198182030485,Not Recommended,428690,24138485,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Random_Monkey,fun for 3 hours then you just get extremly board!
76561198123393646,Not Recommended,428690,24141772,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Simon TheCastle,"I hate it. Because I had money to buy one of two games for these summer. And I choose Youtubers Life, just because I wanted to play as something als (like cook or musician) not as a gamer. And then I saw thet it was lokt on comming soon. O hate it bacause of it."
,Recommended,428690,23983787,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,spooks,"I had friends, got good grades and even landed myself a girl I loved. Then I found YouTube, didn't go out and lost everything. My friends stopped hanging out with me, my grades/courses didn't do too well and my girl lost interest in me.If you replace 'YouTube' with Anxiety it's a pretty realistic simulator of my life."
,Recommended,428690,23961506,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,16 Eier,Gread Game !!!Its alot of fun to play this game ^^
76561198220055211,Recommended,428690,23974934,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,levifinnvg,The best game ever!
,Not Recommended,428690,25661390,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,BatmanAlexeh,Boring when you get into it.. Don't like it
76561198288500976,Not Recommended,428690,25038131,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,angrybro5903,I want a refund it's not worth a Youtubers or anybodys 17 bucks
,Recommended,428690,24309243,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,imoong-san,1.easy play2.get rekt3.i really enjoyed this gamesi recommend this
76561198272346923,Recommended,428690,28619326,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tupac,I NEED HELP EVERYTIME I TRY TO OPEN YOUTUBERS LIFE IT GOES TO A BLACK SCREEN IT RUNS FOR LIKE 3 SECONDS AND SHUTS OFF PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198004006498,Recommended,428690,28547130,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,spotter302,"I'm not going to write a whole lot about it, because I bought this game for my kid to play and I'm somewhat limited myself in experience. That being said, I have played the game a small amount myself... but most qualifying is my time spent watching her play and guiding her thru the game. YouTube is the hippest thing these kids know of at her age, So being able to play a game which allows them to run their own brand and type of YouTube channel is (not surprisingly) very attractive to them. The replayablility is expanding with each update, and allows you to choose from several different channel genre's, all with different types of content. The creative portion of the game can seem repetetive, but as you go along, different options and computer parts/technologies become available to add some variety. They even allow for collaborations with other young ""content creators"" which you can choose to meet and befriend in the game (not multiplayer).Overall, this game is exactly what I would hope to find when looking for a YouTubers life simulation. This is a totally original game type with original objectives and gameplay. The kid loves to play it, and I often find her simulating actual youtuber personalities, while playing this game. A good game with content so close to most modern kids' realities."
76561198343905788,Recommended,428690,29151554,Posted: 9 January,all,SaNisDuTiEs,This game is very fun and addicting! It is very fun and it actually goes through the whole YouTube thing very well! 10 out of 10!
76561198161843116,Not Recommended,428690,30121015,Posted: 23 February,all,xjarofheartsx,"This game was fun....for the first 2 hours. Then it was just repetitive. On top of that, there are many little bugs that make you want to just install it off your system. For instance, if you purchase a course and then don't start it immediately, there is a chance it will take your money and not give you credit for purchasing the course. If you go to a restaurant gig as a chef and in the middle of it your program crashes, you lose all the money you paid for the venue and get paid $0 for the time you worked there. This can result in losses as big as $1,000 which takes forever and a half to earn by doing super repetitive actions."
76561198079351783,Recommended,428690,23329302,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Funghis Canale Grande,funny thing!sometimes buggy? yes!sometimes clunky? yes!but a hell lot of fun even in the current state...pretty cool game for all tycooners out there.... can´t wait to see the 1.0!awesome!
76561198156331710,Recommended,428690,23457001,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DaMonsterOfDoom,"Very good! My PC isn't very good but runs fine on low graphics. All I would say is that there are too many bugs and glitches but apart from that, all good!"
,Recommended,428690,23474956,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Zipay,"This game is good, and I started a series on it, and I'm doing amazing in the game!"
,Recommended,428690,23489985,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Moboly,Hey That's pretty good
76561198307760855,Recommended,428690,23526731,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,enderpiglet1234,"I love this game, I am using it on the Mac mini and am experiencing no freezing or lag, this is fun and addicting so definitely check youtuber's life"
76561198288721931,Recommended,428690,23528118,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Hugh_Casey,Like I love it but its not letting me in
,Recommended,428690,23087880,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MooMoo22 collectskins.com,This Game Is ADICTTING AWESOME GAME!!! I Reccomend This Game
,Recommended,428690,23089805,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,$kull,"I bought this game because it is interesting. I do recommend it because I did watch a video of someone playing it but when I try to play it, it doesn't let me change anything about my character. Basically, I touch a single button and then the game freezes, and crashes. I don't know if it is my computer or the game. I think it is the game only because I only require 2 GB Ram and I have pleanty to run it. Anyway, I honestly think this is a great game and has potential."
76561198053348285,Recommended,428690,23093890,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,robbie-taylor-xx,awesome game i love it 10/10
76561198173840805,Recommended,428690,23118508,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,B Rabbit farmskins.com,"Great game, but I can`t continue my journey, because the stuff that I order, never show up!I have only the first game, and people are loosing interest in it. I have bought three other games and a new webcam, but I don`t recieve it! Something you can fix, or do I have to start over again?"
76561198080606436,Recommended,428690,23128863,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Fancy taco,"Pretty fun, but in the first apartment, the things I order just don't come. Either it's a glitch or amazon dosn't like me."
,Recommended,428690,23128939,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,##73738#,"Overall, a very well put together game, but there are still a whole bunch of bugs to fix. It is an Early Access game however. I cannot wait to see what the future of this game brings! :)"
76561198274404429,Recommended,428690,23141219,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,omaribramble98,"The game is good, much like sims, i feel there needs to be more in the game as the only thing you do eveyday is eat sleep and create videos and sometimes work. But the big no no in the game is when you order two things it dissapears then after that anything you order never comes this needs to be fixed asap because then you lose interest in the game and you cant move forward with it."
76561198305799163,Recommended,428690,23146957,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mosqueda2017,"It is fun, addicting, and well made with a great, hard to keep up with pace.the only problem is i am not recieving anything i bought in the game on the computer.if you can tell me why that is, that would be awesome.Thanks!"
,Recommended,428690,23149864,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Dollity,"Have to say I am fully addicted to this game. Has A LOT of potential and I can't wait to see what unfolds for later patches. There's a little bugginess within the game with the packages that you receive, they keep disappearing. Hopefully there will be a fix for that soon but in other words, pretty good game!"
,Recommended,428690,23183114,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,R2 Lord Starck,Best addicting game I played so far
76561198036026512,Recommended,428690,23204616,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,EKALB,"great for a youtuber game. reminds me of those people on the wii a bit.i like the fact you have to do other things apart from just making videos.i like the small detail they have put in including copyright on your videos.You get to go to events and stuff and get the option to go or not,  not attending these can miss out on getting bonuses. you get pone calls from youre friends and companies like in real life.you can do vlogs when you go out.these are just some of the stuff in the game but overall i find this quite enjoyable. played 15 hours so far (steam didnt record all my game time)i cant wait for what more to come in this game. needs more stuff in the game but great fun so far.if they could improve in one thing would be if you could rearange youre furniture in youre place. could even start off with not much stuff and having to go and buy it. (if they did what sims do). i dunno, make it feel youre place in designing youre apartment than just geting everything set up for you."
76561198001584337,Recommended,428690,23207396,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,jwier,The game keeps crashing after i get the 2nd house ive Redbooted ive restarted and ive created other charachters and the problem happens to them too if you know how to fix this please help
,Recommended,428690,23241919,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,NoMercy,This game is amazing so worth the money its such a great game its like sims 5
76561198113758618,Recommended,428690,23255656,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,silaslauta,Great and addictive game!! XD
,Recommended,428690,26094820,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nugget tenders,"It's a great game to be honest. Most of the people only play like one hour and probably finish the game by just rushing it.   Right now im in the second apartment and I have about 40k subscribers. I still have a long way to go, and I will probably have about 15-20 hours on this. New updates coming out soon (10/20/16 Music Channel will come) and I am excited. The only thing is that it is not worth $15. It should be around $10.00.Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,428690,25552840,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,iKittyKat,"It's an addictive game , but won't play on windows 8.1 or higher ."
76561198303733370,Recommended,428690,26232265,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ДУМИКСАНТ,"(English)Great game, in which you can feel like utubecom.You start in the parental home, with a hundred bucks and a computer.Your goal is to achieve success on YouTube. By any means.So far, that the game is in early access, but it is now a lot of content.RECOMMEND(Русский)Отличная игра, в которой можно почувствовать себя ютубером.Вы начинаете в родительской квартире, с сотней баксов и простым компьютером.Ваша цель - добиться успеха на ютубе. Любыми способами.Пока-что игра находится в раннем доступе, но в ней и сейчас много контента.РЕКОМЕНДУЮ!"
,Not Recommended,428690,24667632,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,EagleGamingYT,Not as good as i thought
76561198151064448,Recommended,428690,23909520,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MESS GOT TO KILL,its good but  win are the other stuff like the singing comeing out
76561198385100346,Recommended,428690,31708161,Posted: 12 May,all,Derminator_Gamer,Its is a pretty good game beat it hacked it but otherwise good
76561198273955865,Not Recommended,428690,31711261,Posted: 12 May,all,fbo,"Well, it's OK.  Pretty annoying I didn't play this game for a while cause I went to a really good channel I had collabs OP maxes level. The litterly dancing couldn't make a video with them too!bad game.  just cause of that."
,Recommended,428690,26010806,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LOLME,"It's like Sims but you can't make a family,however you can get Girlfriend :D This game is all about making videos on the thing that you choose,for example this game now contains : Gaming,cooking and music videos! Give it a try! 7.9/10"
,Recommended,428690,25162035,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,IKKJEHÅKON,i like it
76561198191852882,Recommended,428690,31875007,Posted: 20 May,all,ALEX_the_KIDD_Gamingcsgolive.com,"OK so i haven't played the game much so far(12.4 hrs) but i have defenetly seen a few basic things i'd like to point out.1-Very un'polished, The game could use a lot of work, To me it seams like the game was very rushed(maby that's just me)2-Some things that you can do seem very un'clear of what it mean's. Example-i'm trying to get somone to do a calab video for the chanel, but they just say- no not rite now. Is there something i'm missing for that, or is it actually a glitch? i have no idea.3-The camera angle is horible. They tryed to make the game look 3D but it's clearly 2D, I don't have a problem with that, it's just that no matter what angle you look at a room there's alway's a wall in the way somewhat.(Maby that's just me)Overall i'd give the game a 7/10  for the fun factor but also taking into acount the random glitches/bugs.No disrespect to the dev's, but if you could spend the time to polish the game a bit more you actually have an incredibly fun game."
,Recommended,428690,31960320,Posted: 25 May,all,Gobsmacked,Kind of boring after playing it for 2 hours.
76561198364448154,Not Recommended,428690,31969460,Posted: 26 May,all,shadowman,fix the lag plz i cant even move or do anything plz fix the lag
76561198370330503,Recommended,428690,31958989,Posted: 25 May,all,Dewthedarkprince,"in my opinion, i love this game. its true that there are only 3 channel options so your pretty limited on stuff to do so i dont know what to say. i dont really care cause i like gaming, music, and cooking (kinda), in real life. now a major thing thats getting on my nerves in that the game keeps lagging especially at concerts. the notes are super slow and freeze up so i end up missing al the notes and losing subscribers. because of what the lagging does at the concert, im limited in ways to make money. only by publishing videos, doing request, doing offers from companies (some of them dont pay that much). im in the luxury apartment and rent is $980 per month and i have to pay an collaborator so thats about $1,198 per month and im about at -$45 cause i didnt have enough money to pay the bills and im not going to on the next game month so i have a game over and possibly have to write all of the songs i wrote all over again. but i would recommend this gme cause its probably because my laptop cant handle good graphics so it slows it down. (or its both) ima shut up now"
76561198046669210,Recommended,428690,32021582,Posted: 28 May,all,adel.hrron™,games 7.5/10
76561198334607321,Recommended,428690,32021883,Posted: 28 May,all,Wingray,It's good
,Recommended,428690,23145229,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,saltytrash,"I like this game, A lot! But I have a few questions that has gone unanswered, when you move out you have to pay rent, and once I found where to pay rent, it never payed it! So thats when I had a GAME OVER screen, so any way to fix that?"
,Recommended,428690,23146236,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sentic,"So far I'm loving this game. There was a glitch in the Apartment before the Mansion where my head was sideways and quite far away...Pros:- Character Customization- Collaborate with others- Obtainable Goals, sometimes you have to be smart with your money etc...- Realistic - starts when your at school still- Other factors are taken into account i.e Social Life, Events and even finding your perfect partner- MySims and GameDev Tycoon Crossover feelCons:- You can currently only do a gaming channel however I'm sure that this will change as it currently is early access- You have to check your phone for the date - I lose track too easily- You can't pause, fast forward or slow down timeApart from that... I highly recommend this game. Really good to play 10/10 and excited for the future."
,Recommended,428690,24168382,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,gamecube master race,get itget it nowget itwhy are you still hereLEAVE GO GET GAMEGO AWAYi like to eat pepeol(☉ ʖ̯☉)noone has to knowplz leave now
76561198142137570,Recommended,428690,23149884,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hunsaker26,This is a great game! It is so much fun! I've been playing it for hours on end. The one thing i've noticed about this game though is just a little glitch where you go to shop on the computer and when you click the x to get out it leaves the computer on your screen and you have to quit the game and reload the save to get out of it. Also when you play a game at a convention when i beat the game is didn't leave my screen even though i could anything like make a gaming video but the game was still on the screen so i couldn't see. But other then that this is a very well made game
76561198108149370,Recommended,428690,23159821,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Iain,the game has a wee bit of lag in later houses and when trying to promote your content.also the game could do with more options with your relationships in game. but awsome game keep up the good work
76561197977056894,Recommended,428690,23175249,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,MaxValhalla,"I have played all my 25.5 hours on the same save. And I gotta say this game is the the most impressive and fun tycoon game I have ever played.Pros:I can't really make a list as it would then go on forever. But to summarize; this game brings what you expect from a tycoon game, which is good, but this game takes to a whole new level. This is not only a good tycoon game, it is also a fantastic life simulation game. At the moment you can only do the gamer youtube channel, but I was constantly amazed at how I could do anything I wanted to, and more. Usually with games I think ""wow it would be amazing to have this feature in this game"". Youtuber Life on the other hand that never happens, in fact I get getting surprised by all the features, from customizing my equipment and making videos, to making out with the hottest fashion designer on youtube. I found myself laughing, and not wanting to stop. Which brings me to consCons:I did not want to stop playing but was forced to due to bugs. There are lots of bugs in this game, some gamebreaking. They don't seem to happen in the beginning of the game but as you progress you will find bugs for sure.Now for a game where time constantly is running, it makes one queue up actions so you never stand still. I miss an option to slow down or speed up the game. But this is also what lead to my gamebreaking bug, because suddenly I was stuck in my chair and could not get up no matter what I did.Conclusion: It is worth a buy to let the creator know that he should keep working on the game, and support his/her work. Anyways, expect to only get a glimpse of the game, and many bugs. But also lots of fun gaining more subcribers and views!"
76561198304875430,Recommended,428690,23183248,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,XxEdub_SwaggxX,I LOVE THIS GAME IT IS AWESOME!!!!!!! BUT MY GAME CRASHED PLS FIX!!
,Recommended,428690,23184122,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,yzo Sniper,Dissappearing mail packages in late game make it unplayable.
76561198192072355,Recommended,428690,23087983,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jacksca,Amazing game! Fantastic concept. But glitches like game packages not coming causing me to lose need to be fixed.
76561198093886000,Recommended,428690,23097977,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,The Arcane Arcade,There is a lot of glitches in this game and I still enjoy it I got yesterday and had already been addicted!!I give this game an 8/10 because of glitches and its just a really addicting game and its like tube tycoon (one of my personal favorites) mixed with Sims (another one of my favorites) its a lot of fun and is really recomended if you like tycoon games!!!!
76561198007440566,Recommended,428690,23130182,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Shadow,"Great game, very fun. Just waiting on more of the content to be released."
,Recommended,428690,23229058,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Daddy,"Very early alpha with a few bugs and glitches but they are working on this game like mad, and this is one of the best purchases i have ever made on steam 100% reccomend for anyone"
76561198307149384,Recommended,428690,23229400,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,小小的小小,"when i fired a person while she was uploading a vid, the vid is all was on the upload mode and i can't use the computer"
,Recommended,428690,23274791,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sora_ichi,"Awesome game, called my videos Hookers and my yt name pimp master"
,Recommended,428690,23264219,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,F1R3FLYY,"It's a good game and has promise but I feel it is lacking far too much at the moment.I understand it's early access but here are a few things I think could be improved on to make it better.-Social Meter: Similar to Sleep and Hunger bars, you should be required to fill a social bar too, I've ignored everyone pretty much on my rise to fame, never used colabs other than to get to the luxury appartment. Networking is a huge part of becoming successful on YouTube so I feel it needs to be more heavily forced onto you throughout.-Friends requirements to progress, similar to carrers in the sims.-Studying needs better rewards, again, something I skipped all the way to the top and never really gave it a second thought. Again this needs to be something that's forced to allow you to progress so you don't skip over it, but I'm not entirely sure what you gain from the courses as such, other than a few levels, which you get easily from making videos?Anyway great game so far overall and I look forward to the future to see what's in stock for us!"
76561198301805108,Recommended,428690,23264371,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,keithl777,every time i sit down to finish recording my video my computer breaks please fix but its still a great game just please fix this fixed
76561198064794730,Recommended,428690,23265612,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,fiwodio,"First off, I will praise this game for it's originality and replayability. It is pretty fun, but I thought the other reviews were very misleading. It isn't 10/10 yet, and there is just not enough content to play it for a week straight.There are some noticeable problems right off the bat that will hopefully be fixed before it's fully released. My game froze several times when I tried to load into parties/conventions. This might be a personal problem, but the loading screens take FOREVER and the time skipping between voice bubbles (especially during those presentations) also takes forever. The voice packs are limited, leading to repetitive phrases when speaking to other characters, it is so annoying I turned the sound off all together. Clothes/hair is limited, I noticed more so for female characters which irked me as I wanted there to be more than two feminine shirts, not really that big of a deal just a picky personal preference. Also, (for now, I know there will be more later) the type of Youtuber ""style"" is limited to just the gaming category.It is a fun and clever concept, but there are a few executional errors that I can't wait to see fixed so this game can reach full potential! :)"
76561198216274672,Recommended,428690,23299806,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DawnKillerStar,i like this game but after awhile it does get very really repettive and im kinda upset that i spent 15 bucks on this but its a good game 6/10
76561197970996876,Recommended,428690,23300382,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jagpanther,"Youtuber's Life is a pretty darn fun game on my opinion. Although I don't think it's really worth 15$, I think it should be worth 10$. But the developer is the one to choose, so its not my choice. I got addicted 1 hour in and im still definitely playing it! The sims is like a sister to it, this game is just like it but it involves youtuber things. For an early access game its great! Here's somethings to look toward to in this game, and somethings that arent too good (pros and cons)PROS:-Great, silly graphics that go well with the game.-Customization is great too, involving choosing your clothes, shoes, pants, Etc...-This game kinda matches the title, Youtubers Life. You make videos, edit them, then see if its good or not to post it. People watch the videos and you can see the comments. It shows how much views you got, subscribers, and the amount of money. You move and have to pay bills and all that stuff. You make friends, go to partys, visit the movies, Etc... Theres more cool details, but this pro is long xD. (Also in the cons theres some NON-realistic things, but theres more realistic than non)-You buy items like decoration, games, objects for your recording setup, and ofcourse etc...-There is basic things like getting proper sleep and food so that makes it MORE REALISTIC!(There is WAY more pros but they are DETAILS and ofcourse im not going to spoil everything =D)CONS:-Some things are NOT too realistic if the title is based on something irl (In real life = irl).-Theres some glitches, I've only come across one but I bet there's some more.-There's 1 typo that I've come across but ofcourse, I bet there's a little more.-Like I said, I think the game should be 10$ instead of 15$, but that's not my choice.-They exaggerate friend relationships.-You get to much copywright things. In the game you have ""cards"" That are actually your editing choice. Some, well lots, of the ""cards"" are copywright. they are better for a choice to use but you have to pay lots of money if you publish the video. Sometimes your bar is full of them and you have no choice of using one. Thats means it's definite to pay money.(I hope i explained it good, but if you dont understand what im saying then you will when you buy the game xD)- I think the total amount of gameplay is around 30 hours. Idk if thats a pro or con but most of the games I play are WAY more.I hope you guys got an idea if you want to buy this game or not! This is an early access game but it is pretty good. If you want the full, or not having any cons, game then I'd suggest to buy it when not early access. But yeah I hope I gave you guys an idea and have a great day!!!"
76561198307596373,Recommended,428690,23309616,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,RedTreeHugger,"SO i bought this game and when i click play it doesnt open the game, do i need another platform to play the game? as it sais its open at the bottom and i can hear the music, just wondering if there is something else i need to do?"
,Recommended,428690,23330060,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,BrotusTul,"I just bought the game, and I keep getting stuck on the intro loading screen... I just open the game on steam, and it\'s just not getting further in the game than the loading screen. Please fix this."
76561198066690198,Recommended,428690,23370239,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,skhanlon,I love this game so far but i cant seem to move form my mums house to the roomates one even though i paid $160
76561198126458190,Recommended,428690,23412134,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,AnonymousHawk,"I recommend this game very much, it's a very fun youtube simulation, there may be a few glitches but when that happens just quit the game then go back in and it should be fixed. Awesome game!"
,Recommended,428690,23423521,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Post-Depression Anxiety Trauma,"Awesome game! I'd give it a 7 despite it's awesomeness, but only after I really try to reflect on this game's weaknesses.1) (Time flow)One thing I dislike is how time flows so quickly in this game. Like you could literally waste more than a day making videos without noticing.2) (Team/Staff Management)Another thing I dislike or rather something that I hope would be a feature in the game is team management. What I mean by this is this:a) When I hire a collaborator and tell them to make videos, apparently they are the ones IN the video. Like how does this make sense? If that is so then I am more a PRODUCER than a PERFORMER. This means I'm trying to make a Studio and I'm not trying to. I'm not saying this feature should be removed, but perhaps you guys should consider giving the players options to be a self-employed youtuber or the head of a company.b) A continuation to my previous argument. If, hypothetically speaking, I want to hire someone to my team, I would like to have a feature where they have their own specializations. For example: Editor, Cameraman, Producer, Writer, etc. This way, I can just record and then leave it to my team as I want to have a life outside of youtube too, you know? I don't like the idea of having SOMEONE ELSE playing video games and upload it to my fans, that's just wrong...c) ONE MORE THING: I noticed that u can befriend the top youtubers and ask them to ""collaborate "" with you, which makes no sense at all. Of course the collaboration ii mean is the part where you hire them as a team collaborator and not having a feature guest.3. (Views and Subscribers)So in this game, after you publish a video, you have to wait for a period of time before the video reaches its ""peak"" and then we receive the rewards from that. But a thing that bothers me is that, not all the views (in real life not in this game) are received within a set period of time. Some may take more than a couple months to reach its peak. Additionally, don't you think that the views keeps on growing even after the said ""peak""? I don't know about you, but I do watch the same videos again after some time, plus, not all subscribers watch your videos right after u upload it. This is especially true for music videos since you won't be viewing it just once.4. (Viral Videos)Are there any possibilities of making a ""hit viral video""? Some channels grow over time rather steadily like the #1 youtuber right now without having viral hits. While some channels are more known for those hit videos, where they can receive 2-5 times than their average videos, and then all of a sudden they get tons and tons of subscribers. I just feel like this should be a feature to the game, being able to hit a viral video.5. (Video Editing and Recording Session)If you've played the game, then you'd be familiar with the recording mechanics and I'd like to believe you have the same problem as me. 90% OF THE TIME, I NEVER EVEN GOT TO THE LAST PART WHICH IS THE ENDING. so 90% of my videos are actually without outros, some might not even be ""finished"" per se. This should be fixed man, and I think giving us the option to skip the events without waiting 15+ secs is a good idea; because again, 15 secs in our world is like 5 hours in the game! that's too unbalanced.6. JUST A PERSONAL COMMENT: (Money)Another thing that bothers me is how much money we receive from videos. I know money is a bit of a controversial subject but I get around 4k if a video gets around 2M views. I feel like this doesn't make any sense, because there are channels which uploads just around once a week and I don't believe that they only make ~200k/year. Moreover, channels that uploads once a week are usually channels that requires some work like comedy sketches, and as generally known, these channels requires A LOT of team members, so that 200k will be split again. Although it's true that we do not know how much money youtube gives us in real life, it still feels like an understatement when u only get ~200k a year or 16k a month or 4k for every 2m views.I personally recommend the readers of my review to only take 50% of what I say to sleep, because I know I might be rambling too much. However, I'm just putting to text what I believe is lacking in the game. Whether it is deemed essential to the game or not, its up to the devs.Now, I know that there are still other types of channels yet to be updated such as cooking, lifestyle, music etc. So I think that this game still have so much potential to grow. But as of now, I'm giving it a 7/10."
,Recommended,428690,23457816,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SaiyanGaming,"This game does have it's ups and downs here and there, but all in all, it is a really good game to waste your time on when your bored, I'd say it's worth the fifteen dollars if you want a good timewaster when you have nothing else better to do, but the downs is that sometimes the tasks you make don't show up when you make them but your character does them and when I first tried to pose for media, the bouncer spammed the message ""Hey, wait!"" so all in all 7/10."
,Recommended,428690,23092796,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,hja190,Great game! The only issue I have with this game is that it keeps crashing from time to time however this is because it's still in early access. As the game gets updated I'm sure that this problem would cease.
76561198207304887,Recommended,428690,23093898,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,natdomo,This game is enjoyable and fun but its still buggy and crashed
76561198242338296,Recommended,428690,23094813,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lol (csgorollwin.com is a scam),"I like the accuracy it relates to real life for youtubers. But im using mac and i have a bug that i wish they fixed it, which is when friends ask us to record their games, the games didint come, same as the games i buy."
,Recommended,428690,23096292,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Moonshite,Really good!
76561198009307645,Recommended,428690,23108965,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ssmith,"I was hooked at the start. Needless to say, great game overall, but I did encounter one tiny glitch that made that little portion of the game so much, more hilariously cute!"
,Recommended,428690,23114209,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Daniiii,overall this is very good simulation game
,Recommended,428690,23114760,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Panda,FUN :D
76561198306279367,Recommended,428690,23121505,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,obeycharlize,my game is ver very laggy.cant really do anything :(.anyone have any suggestions to help
,Recommended,428690,23121695,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mrz.Raymond,Best game ever!!!
76561198258400231,Recommended,428690,23127167,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,HESUS,"played it for 2 hours straight.... absolutaly love it! i have one problem and that is that the game locks on one monitor when i want it on another, so i have to use the ""use only monitor 2"" button... maybe set it as u dont get so many subscribers and views on the videos at fist, so it get more realistic.... (sorry for bad english) BUT LOVE IT SO FAR!"
,Recommended,428690,23132354,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,warnstar,"-Upload an interview and called it ""Interview with Mr.McLongestDickAndHasALotOfSubs""-get all dislikes-angry archer dude comes in my apartment representing the angry community-angry dude shoots my computer with an arrow-angry dude hops off the balcony and flees-now I must repair my computer for $2010/10 for realism"
,Recommended,428690,23138111,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,llewbry123,"i love the game, but there so many errors,glitches and bugs. Needs to be sorted please"
76561198279646242,Recommended,428690,23150407,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,skatereight2,Best game I have ever players on Steam just wish I had a better PC so it didn't lag as much.
76561198163596317,Recommended,428690,23174936,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,tearealkj763219,it's a fun game that very simular to the sims but youtube
76561198128811900,Recommended,428690,23183619,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,mrsriddoch,"I love this game, i think its great that it involves a sim like feel. So far the only problem i have encountered is that theres not much explaination of what thing are or the best way to do things, maybe more tutorials. But all in all very good game can't wait for the finished game"
,Recommended,428690,23218978,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,LostGravity,When you click new game the game crashes. Also waiting for the new options for like vlogger and things
76561198258326165,Recommended,428690,23228421,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Margx2003,"When I first played it, I had so much fun. But the second I played it, the game began crashing over and over again. Now, I can't play it because it keeps on crashing. Please fix this because I'm beginning to lose money and subscribers. Also, I'm playing on my laptop and does it affect the crashing thingy?"
,Recommended,428690,23229466,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kinpantsu,"Youtubers Life: The somewhat accurate game simulator... for you!See if you can survive being a youtuber filled with:Angry mothers and studying everyday, only to get a B+...Crappy friends who barge in your room to destroy your productivity...Working outside non-stop until you can pay your rent, but you won't progress unless you move,People complaining about editing when editing is actually on fleek,Haters still hating when we stop collaborating just to pay our rent,That unloyal friend who hates you and hopes you to fail if you move out without him instead of being a good friend and support you,Friendships breaking like twigs when all you need is cash,The somewhat annoying and weird voices for any communication.A ding (yes, a ding like getting an achievement ding) sound when you lose friendship,Hunger levels that can drop down to zero and not die,and so much more!With only $10.99 (I dunno the actual dollar price), you can receive:The game!...That's it. What do you expect?Hurry up and buy now!While stocks last. Limited edition. Youtubers edition.What are you waiting for? Hurry up and join the bandwagon of hundreds of famous youtubers and other tens of thousands of players who play this game, or you will be the one that is left out!GG 10/10."
,Recommended,428690,23230910,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,mrsneekyboy,"Although this game is a very intresting and a fun 'pick me up' game it has alot of bugs due to early access. It took me just over 25 hours to get to end game and then you are left with not much left to do but make more money and slave away at making videos. If there was any criticism it would be that it needs alot more to keep the player intrested at the end as without the objectives it seems pointless to carry on. I think the game might have more hours to put in to it once more paths like cooking come in to the game but i think puzzles or challenges need to be implemented in later stages to give the game some more depth and to make it more of a game rather than a simulator. All this being said i have enjoyed the time iv put in to it, i only hope that it excells in making it a more rounded experience."
76561198306330937,Recommended,428690,23242139,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Lord_Montagu,~I am in the luxury suite and whenever i try to go to gameworld it loads to 81% then stops i have to exit out of the game after that
