user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198103487158,Not Recommended,428860,32857701,Posted: 27 June,all,DragonFly,"The permadeath, and having to start from the beginning is fine. Having to go through the same dialogue over, and over again, is annoying. Most dialogues have no way to skip, and holding space to speed it up is useless because some of the text is delayed to pop up. The long breaks/pauses in the dialogue sequences will most likely make you want to bash your head against your keyboard. You should be able to skip all dialogue that you have seen dozens of times. Being forced to go through the end credits after every ending is also irritating. I don't need to see the end credits 36+ times."
,Recommended,428860,32171003,Posted: 4 June,all,Heaven Smile,"Red Haze is about a young woman named Rockette who lives in an abandoned apartment complex; she is drug-addicted and longs for her next shot. As she makes her way through the building to visit her drug dealer, her (and thus your) odyssey of oddity is just about to begin. You could see Red Haze as some weird, twisted version of Little Red Riding Hood; but there’s more than just one big bad wolf…Pro:- interesting and mature story- amazing dark atmosphere- cool visuals and artwork- good voice actors- sweet sound (especially those creepy noises)- great replayability: a ton of endings, even more secrets to discover, and game-changing effects nearly every time you start over- nice developer who’s active in the community hub and actually listens to the players’ feedback- excellent price/performance ratioCon:- it can get a bit annoying starting over and over again due to the fact that you have to spend one of the rare continues when getting caught, even if there are save points- slowdowns/lags in some roomsA little gem for horror fans who like disturbing experiences and retro graphics.Keep in mind that the game isn’t quite finished yet; with the next (free) update there will be even more content added."
,Recommended,428860,29913813,Posted: 13 February,all,FaZe Toenail,"Red Haze is a very ambitious project, that delivers. The atmoshpere is amazing, creepy, and at times very scary. Its a well thought out game that you can tell had alot of soul put into it; with tons of choices, secrets, very interesting unique scenarios & situations, interactions, and of course endings. It starts out very subtle but then you get taken on a rollercoaster, a rollercoaster of emotions; fear, sadness, happiness, and its all based on your choices. The game changes, unexpected things will happen, you just gotta keep moving forward. Yai Gameworks makes amazing authentic games, games that give you a real experience, not just games you play and forget about, games that you will always remember and say ""damn, now that was good"" . If your still hesitant, try 'Close Your Eyes' another amazing (and free) game by Yai Gameworks, and you will see how much thought and care is put into every aspect of the game. Then you will gladly come back to this and Add To Cart. I'm excited to find more endings in Red Haze, and I'm excited for the future of Yai Gameworks."
,Recommended,428860,33896615,Posted: 29 July,all,Jawmuncher,This is currently my 2017 GOTY.I've had a lot of fun with this game. Despite it's independant roots. The horror on display here is top notch and never falls into the cheap category of horror. A lot of it is tense as well as psychological which is quite refreshing to see with the multitude of jump scare only titles on steam. The graphics do a great job of being unsettling and the music is top notch. If you're looking for a title to scare you that also makes you think of how to proceed next in unique ways (whether it be by yourself or using the community ala P.T.) then this is the title for you.*There is currently one more section of the game that will be unlocked later on in an update. But my review still stands unless something highly negative happens in which i'll update this. Regardless fo the $1.99 price you're getting a lot of content as evident with my 10+ hours of play time. Which was accumulated in getting all of the endings currently available either by myself or with the community.
,Not Recommended,428860,31833198,Posted: 18 May,all,Weeaboo Assurance Gremlin,"For an indie game it strongly delivers on atmosphere racking up the tension. However the permadeath and having to restart from the very beginning each time can make it tedious for an adventure/horror with multiple paths and endings. The real drawback comes at the price of the main character's voice which, I highly recommend you turn off in the options. The other characters deliver their lines well enough but the main character who has voiced dialogue quite often feels disconnected and viciously forced in comparison."
,Recommended,428860,29970006,Posted: 16 February,all,Ruhn,"I wanted to refrain from writing a review until the game was fully complete (at the time of writing this, only 20 of the 27 possible endings are available, and I only got 10 out of the possible 20) but at this point, I realised that, no matter what more is/is not added to the game, my opinion of it simply won't change.Absolutely amazing game for a ridicously low price.An intriguing story with adult and dark themes, a haunting sound design, terrifying and bizzarre monsters design, an extremely high replayability value and a couple of well designed puzzles are only parts of what make this game exceptional in my opinion.Combine all this with a developer always eager to receive feedback (both positive and negative) to further improve the experience for his customers, and you know you just can't go wrong with this one."
,Recommended,428860,29912399,Posted: 13 February,all,⚡ShellShock360™,"Before I start with this review, I would like to point out that (at the time of writing this review) I have only gotten endings ""P"" and ""F"". No doubt that I will finish this game in a matter of weeks.After only 2 endings, I can already tell that this game is going to take me on an emotional rollercoaster. Now I am no drug addict, but I can relate to Rockette's feelings of loneliness as I have had troubes throughout my life as well. This game will make you feel so intruiged and sympathetic of Rockette as you delve into her depressing mindset trying to figure out what went wrong with her.Seriously, this game reminds me of the emotional story of ""To The Moon"" Another great and emotional story.(after watching PewDiePie play it a few years ago, I was in tears at the end.)After I finish getting more endings, I will update this review as I still have so many lingering questions about this game still left unanswered.I would definitly recommend this game ""To The Moon"" (see what I did there? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ) and back for anyone looking for an interesting and emotional story-driven experience."
,Recommended,428860,29953192,Posted: 15 February,all,The Wandering Tradesman,"If you like horror games that don't use cheap jumpscares, puzzles, and a nice story"
,Recommended,428860,34354599,Posted: 19 August,all,Quady14,"This was an interesting one. I've seen this game a few times and passed it off as not really my thing, and while some of the content's a little out there overall it makes for an interesting premise and the game's strength lies in how many disturbing subjects it tackles without feeling too exploitative for shock factor's sake. That said I know for a fact this is one that isn't for everyone. A fair amount of content here can be sensitive for some, and that's perfectly understandable. The game has themes of drug abuse, human trafficking and *gasp* streaking around in the nude! No but really the first two can be touchy just by being present in a story; in spite of this I think Red Haze deals with them with some tact and I could appreciate what it was trying to do, being less about the content itself and more about the emotion and fear behind living on the edge of society like Rockette does. This game is horror done well, and pulls from subject material that's often not covered because it's fundamentally disturbing and wrong to us. That makes exploring it scary in its own right. I'm not saying this is high literature being spun here, but it's doing something new and I can respect that a whole lot.I'm gonna throw this in right here that some of the voice acting is a little silly. The voice actors aren't bad at all but some of the writing, especially the intro scene, kinda jumps out at you very strongly in a not-too-attractive way. Cthulhu's abyssal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is some interesting imagery but maybe paints a weird impression for your main character. I didn't like Rockette very much starting out but she has her moments and when the writing is at its strongest there's some pretty thought-provoking bits. You can skip that intro cutscene after your first playthrough which is nice because it runs a bit long and I really don't want to hear the VA shout about Cthulhu's infinitely deep bootyhole again.Art is a mixed bag here. The main characters, Rockette and Starry are pretty nicely sprited, and some illustrated scenes look very nice and carry their own distinct style. Everything's a little rough around the edges but I did enjoy these aspects and some of the enemy designs. On the other hand, art quality is all over the place elsewhere. Some late-game areas are blurry messes of textures and miscellaneous props which detail the apartment building tend to be very muddy. Sometimes it does work in the game's favor. The enemy designs hold that kind of disturbing unrefined look that stuff like Silent Hill is timeless for. Sometimes ugly works in favor of horror, and while some of the bad environmental detail makes it hard to pick out certain items (I wouldn't have thought I could pick up the rubber gloves, they looked like most of the other background objects sitting on shelves throughout the game) but overall it gets the job done.Music is also hit or miss for me, but that's more a matter of taste so I'll leave it at that. The important story beats are backed by pretty good themes, and some of the credits music is alright. Other stuff I didn't like so much, ""Rather Be Drunk"" makes me want to get a little drunk myself. Again, matter of taste, no hard feelings!There are some issues I've got with the general flow of the game and the tedium of starting over so many times to get the full experience. It's a double-edged sword for sure, I don't think it would've been the same game at all otherwise and actually the dev put in several gradual inclusions of skips, time savers and even ""extra lives"" in the form of the rare Adrenaline which lets you reload from a barrel fire (save point) if you're caught by an enemy so you don't get unceremoniously booted back to the start. All this shows awareness and consideration for the game's limitations and the player's experience, and do a fair job to relieve those flaws and give you the feeling of progress not just collecting endings but getting little quality-of-life upgrades over the course of your whole playtime. Not having to scramble for the Janitor's Keys was such a relief after so many trips in there. Big, big props for this sort of stuff, I think for the scope of this project and limitations of the engine, there was a lot of love poured into making it.Other issues come into play though, like the stilted text scroll speed, while there to fit the voice acting delivery or for dramatic effect, does wear on you after a few hours when you're trying to skip through scenes you've already watched to get to an ending, especially for the later endings like R and S which require you to do a lot of footwork. Ultimately most endings are fairly quick to get to, never capping more than 10-15 minutes, but it adds up. Most puzzles are pretty clever and salient but others can be a bit obscure requiring trial and error over multiple playthroughs (again a big time sink for sake of experimentation) and certain areas are a pain to get through, mostly optional and not required for any endings, but the two mummy rooms in particular that fade to black to move the enemy's position with your every step are really a pain to get through.There are 26 (or is it 27 with the alphabet door?) different endings planned overall, currently I believe 18 are actually implemented? I've got 18, anyhow and it seems like I've done about everything bar some rare events, and believe me this game has A LOT of 'em: easy to miss areas, items and even fourth-wall breaking scares. After finding around 8-10 endings on my own I started looking up guides to find the rest because some of them just get a little too obscure and experimenting on your own can lead to locking yourself into the same endings over and over, and that can get frustrating.So the game technically isn't done, the dev is working out two other projects due to Steam Greenlight being phased out and the plan is for the dev to return to this down the road after the other projects are on their feet. That's fine by me, what's here is really well done and honestly I'm interested to see how those remaining endings are going to be implemented. There are some pretty obvious spots that are barred from access right now and some items that can be obtained but have no use yet. As it stands the game is cheap as all get out and this developer deserves support for the effort they've put into their vision. There's a lot of personal flair in the game, literally, I don't know the developer at all but some areas like the library and the cemetary seem(?) to draw very much from the author's personal thoughts and experiences, and it's not too often a game or art in general shares that much of its creator with you. Admittedly some of it's almost a bit uncomfortable (the graveyard) or comes across very forced (Rockette's comments on Sci-Fi, Fantasy and Horror) but it's all genuine and I can appreciate that.Sorry this review's a doozy, after about 12 hours with this game it left a lot of impressions on me, there's a lot to cover about it and I think it deserves some recognition as one of the more intricate horror games I've enjoyed recently. The fact that it's incomplete leaves me looking forward to hopefully more down the line when the developer returns to finish those remaining endings. I'll definitely be checking out other titles by Yai Gameworks in the future and hope that they continue to improve and work on projects similar to this.P.S. One extra detail I am curious about is whether there was some Session 9 influence in some aspects of the game. The wispy voice that you first hear after entering the hobo hole (""Hello, Rockette"") that warns/helps you as you explore seems inspired by another certain creepy disembodied voice, and the first diving suit scare reminds me very much of a similar scare from the film."
76561198032068804,Recommended,428860,33567351,Posted: 15 July,all,RiskRim,Paid 2$ for it and it lasted longer than drugs
76561198054907578,Recommended,428860,30130282,Posted: 23 February,all,Zeshe,"I’ve played all of the Yai Gameworks games (Close Your Eyes, Girls Graveyard, Take the Dream IX, even Blank Slate) and I have achieved all the current available endings for Red Haze (with a few hints from the steam discussion forums).While this is a positive review, my actual feelings are rather mixed as this game has a few issues that really hampered my enjoyment.1. While the extensive endings are a good idea in theory, in practice they created an ""achievement/ending hunter"" mindset once the relatively easy to find endings were found. Trying everything with everything and repeating the start of the game over and over began to become frustrating when I tried new things that didn’t change anything, which took away from the creepy atmosphere of the game. It felt like I was playing the same 3-5 minutes over and over just get another crack at a possible puzzle.2. Aesthetic gamer (the main force behind Yai Gameworks) has always had a bit of an eccentric writing style. In games like Close Your Eyes and Girl's Graveyard, this actually works to his advantage since most of the dialogue comes from other worldly entities. However in Red Haze, the eccentric and existential dials are turned up to 11 and the vast majority of the dialogue comes from a (basically) regular human being. Additionally, the writing seems more immature and forced (the opening monologue in particular) making it difficult to take the main character seriously (the voice acting for the main character doesn't help, but I don't think anyone could make some of her lines sound natural).3. The endings were a mixed bag. Some were great, some were forgettable, but they all seemed to play on similar themes and many didn't have the weight that Yai Gameworks endings normally do. I found myself thinking ""okay got that ending, that’s neat"" rather than asking what it really meant/how it relates to the overall lore. This is a big problem when the main crux of the game is finding different endings.So why the positive recommendation? Despite all these issues, Yai Gameworks still knows how to make horror games that are creepy, thought provoking, and creative, without relying on cheap jump scares. I feel like I experienced something truly unique (in terms of story, visuals, and music) so I am willing to overlook the game’s flaws/idiosyncrasies. Also, Red Haze has some of the scariest moments in any game Yai Gameworks has created, which is a plus. I ultimately enjoyed my time with Red Haze (and still continue to think about it days after completing it) so it deserves an overall positive review as many games do not have a similar impact.  Hopefully the next game will usher in a return to the masterpiece form of Close Your Eyes and Girl’s Graveyard."
76561198163920154,Recommended,428860,30362313,Posted: 6 March,all,TrustingFlame23,I've waited to get this for so long and it was on my wishlist when it was still in development. Already got 7 ending's and this is my type of game. I hope a patch comes in because I do get random frame drops in places (Mostly in hall ways and the area where Auntie G is).-Pros-Spooky-Feels slightly like a 2D version of Silent Hill-At times it can be funny-For £1.59 this game is amazing-Messes with your emotions-3D at one point which I didn't expect at all-Cons-Game isn't 100% stable-Having to start again over and over kinda sucks-Can be very hard at timesOverall it's not a bad game at all. I hope a popular youtuber comes across this game and makes it blow up! :D8/10
76561198067453339,Recommended,428860,30233474,Posted: 27 February,all,「Brutal Taco」,"It's like the Stanley Parable. Except Stanley is a girl, and Stanley's on drugs,"
76561198045157267,Recommended,428860,31701509,Posted: 12 May,all,The Soiled Knight,"Great dynamic feeling, extreme re-playability, mature concepts and themes, puzzles that don't hold your hand.BUY THIS GAME IF YOU:Enjoy top down puzzle/horror.Enjoy hunting for different endings.Enjoy Pixel art.Enjoy more mature and psychological story and character themes.Don't mind replaying the game multiple times. (Things will change depending on what ending you unlock previously/ choices you make)Enjoy great soundtracks.PERSONAL ADDENUDM:This was a breath of fresh air in the constant surge of plat formers and visual novels that seem to be flooding the 'independent' market. I found the main character particularly relatable and the story, hearteningly morbid I suppose(but none the less enjoyable). Overall, this is a nice little title that will fit that atmospheric pixilated horror you have been craving, with a nice dash of enjoyable character and atmosphere on top.My only gripe with this game is that, It's pretty easy to get lost and or stuck, with no tips or hints to push you on your way toward the next ending. Luckily for you 100% perfectionists out there, there is a fantastic guide with everything you need to know on all endings on the community page."
,Recommended,428860,34336875,Posted: 18 August,all,Ju.ღ,"dear Rockette, I love her.<3"
76561198075636043,Recommended,428860,29983484,Posted: 17 February,all,Mara,"I haven't played this very long and I've only got a handful of endings so far, so take that as you will.  So far, I'm really enjoying it though!   I love that your choices truly and profoundly influence the fate of Rockette.  The atmosphere is really well-crafted; drawing you in and messing with you as you play.  The voice acting is right on point, as well as the music and sound effects.  The style of art, at least to me, is perfectly moody and kind of adds to that sense of lost innocence.  It's awesome!  The extra time that was taken to refine the game really shows and I'm excited to play more!"
,Recommended,428860,30634743,Posted: 20 March,all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,"If you liked Silent Hill for the atmosphere but didn't like combat at all, this will satisfy you, even the VA. I got more than I expected here, so will you. This game is a fine example of using the good tricks of horror from textbook without being YouTuber/Streamer bait."
76561198156400710,Recommended,428860,29984853,Posted: 17 February,all,crowscythe13 | gamekit.com,"i love this game , but one thing that bothers me is that someone has all the achievements even though all the endings are not out yet please explain how"
,Recommended,428860,29959236,Posted: 16 February,all,Chef Horkly,Incredible game and very immersive so far. I definitely reccomend this to just about anyone.
76561198119466851,Recommended,428860,32952296,Posted: 28 June,all,runehood66,"So after playing this, I must say that I absolutely love this game.  Their is just something about this, and I kind of wish it had more popularity.  It's really hard to describe the game in a way that does it justice, but if I had to say, this game is like Corpse Party the psp version, but at the same time its is on thing.It took a while to actually get into in a way that actually caught my attention.  But once you get into the game and actually start figuring things out, thats when you realize that Yai Gameworks has put a lot of love into.Anyways I'm not use to writing reviews, but give the game a try, it's only $2.  So yeah check the game out for yourselves.  As for Yai Gameworks, keep up the good work."
76561198068245563,Recommended,428860,29963557,Posted: 16 February,all,kids these days.,"I had anticipated this game since playing ""close your eyes"", and I have not been disappointed. This game may start off a little bit overwhelming, but it's lack of instruction inspires independent thinking and problem solving, the experience of which is enhanced by the fact that at the time of writing this review, the game is fresh and people can't just find the solutions easily online. It sometimes feels like a bit of a dead end, but through perseverance, there is always something new to discover. I am excited to see what secrets this game has hidden for me, and what developments will be added later on. I'm not sure yet if I'd say it's better than ""close your eyes"", but It's definitely worth the price.Tl;Dr-hours of family friendly fun.(I do not recommend playing this with your family)"
76561197966676194,Recommended,428860,30064374,Posted: 20 February,all,wr41thx,"As someone who tinkers with RPG Maker MV, I am always impressed with what Yai Gameworks can squeeze out of it.  There are some very interesting tricks being done with Red Haze that are quite clever.  The atmosphere of the game is great as always.  Subtlety is the key in many ways to creating a tense environment, and AestheticGamer has always done a great job with this in all of his games.The game has a looping mechanic that reminds me of another fantastic RPG Maker game called ""Hello, Hell-o"", where the player has to play and replay opening parts of the game, creating subtle and clever changes to the environment each time.  Hello, however is a very very short experience...which can be beaten in a matter of 15 - 20 minutes.  Red Haze is considerably longer...boasting 26 endings - some of which have not be released yet.  Red Haze drops you into its world quickly and with little to no direction besides seeking out ""Auntie G"" for another fix of sweet sweet F̶r̶u̶i̶t̶y̶ ""pebbles"".This leads to a lot of stumbling around to find direction...happening upon the creepy, jovial, possibly yandere-ish custodian, meeting the titular Auntie G, or perhaps merely being...""happy?"".  Discovering ""endings"", which are often more akin to the ""Bad Ends"" of visual novels, come directly as results of interactions with these characters.  Close your Eyes had similar endings to discover, but collecting these feels more like the core component of the game play than a side quest.I am currently only an hour and a half into the game, but I am enjoying it immensely.  I am intruiged by it's flow, which feels much less linear than most RPG Maker Games, and I am sure that was one of the goals that AestheticGamer sought out when working on this project!There are some technical difficulties with the game - I've noticed some stutter, lag, a few very minor graphical glitches...but most of that is the result of the RPG Maker engine and it's limitations - many of which have been stretched pretty hard to make this game a reality.  It is obvious that the developer has spent a lot of time workting with plug ins and his own unique tweaks to the engine to produce something very special.  I can relate to this through my own struggles with RPG Maker MV.For 1.99, the game is definitely worth a purchase if you even remotely enjoy anything creepy or surreal - which is the best type of horror in my humble opinion.  A lot of work was put into this, especially given the fact that a single developer was responsible for a very large portion of the game.  70% of the music, a good percentage of the tile and sprite work as well - and of course the artwork of the always amazing Rincs as well.5 needles / 5 spoonsWould Inject again.  If I could find (the courage to even look directly at) Auntie G.***UPDATE AFTER ALMOST 14 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY***Game has a lot of Yume Nikki-esque random events that can occur.  These are REALLY neat.  This game is packed with a surprising amount of content, and it is exceedingly enjoyable to stumble upon new things run after run.    I would also highly recommended checking out Close Your Eyes and Cootie Patootie (On AestheticGamer's Gamejolt), as there are some unique references to these games in this. I have now acquired about 12-13 of the endings and there are whole parts of the game I am still not sure about, and so many mysteries left unsolved.A lot of content and intrigue for $1.99!"
,Recommended,428860,30353594,Posted: 6 March,all,Anthony_python,"Red Haze is a great example of hard work, little money, and a great experience. This proves that not every game has to spend a great large amount of money for a quality game, I fell in love with this game, I love Rockette she is a very enjoyable character, and the rest of the cast are very Likable as well, my favourite part of the whole game as far as right now is Rockette with starry's dress in the Game Host's show ending (ending H which is 1/4 part of it) scene whereshe seems very dominate and is on top of a naked starry, very cool (honestly Rockette seems cutier in Starry's dress)Pro's-good Voice acting( some inconsistency but I over look it, not to big of deal for me), good dialogue( actually disturbing and Psychologically impacting on the user.)the artwork is nice it is different which is good, I like the cartoony-ish, pastel? type of art it is like between anime and pastel I guess?This is in no way mean's just another cute RPG maker MV game, and has bigger sprite's than a normal one is also nice. it get's seriously strange, bizarre, giving curveball's and is ever evolving it seems like when you get to a certain point.Cons-uh not much in terms of cons, auto exiting is a bit strange at every ending but not really a bother for me.certain action's can get repeative sometimes, but getting those Janitor key's get's much easier once you get to a cartain point and the custodian get's worse though, and is bizarre at that point.The time at this writing the game isn't done yet, but around what 19 endings out of 27 total(including the ending after getting all 26 endings) that is a lot of replay-ablity and it is worth more than around $2.00, what are you waiting for just buy it. No regret's here. Very enjoyable game. You will spend a lot of hours playing it!I look forward to your up coming titles Ryan, keep on going and stay well. I hope to follow your path soon(as I am making own game(VN) for about 2 year's a lot of writing, Revising, planning, and little sleep, lolz"
76561198125967071,Recommended,428860,31251450,Posted: 20 April,all,Tulotte,"This ganes really kept my interest, it leads you along by your own curiosity; what happens if I do this combination of things in this run? How will it change the outcome? The only drawback is the focused repetition of certain event sequences you must do, just to get back to where you were. It is worth it to perservere though, the writer obviously has a story to tell, and its a dark and captivating one. Each event and area you explore and complete that are new tend to change your next playthrough though, its an ongoing story. I have only 6 or so of the 26 endings. Two were lame thus far, but the other were very well written and heartfelt, and I am sue there are even better ones."
,Recommended,428860,31732350,Posted: 13 May,all,Melancholy,"This game does not fail to deliver the dark, and creepy tone it was aiming for. The visuals, and art style match the trashed, and abandoned  setting. When you are waling around you can hear the ambient noises that fit the game making you tense to the scares. The voice acting is decent, but I feel that it could have been better :/  If you are a fan of horror games I strongly suggest picking up this game since it has a low price, and its a good time killer."
76561198140442560,Recommended,428860,29922905,Posted: 14 February,all,IAmThePonch,"I've gotten five of the twenty seven endings in this game and can confirm that it's up to the standards of Close Your Eyes and Take the Dream IX.You play as Rockette, a heroin addict who needs a fix, so she sets off into the depths of her apartment building to find the dealer only known as Auntie G. Of course, given the developer's previous games, you should expect something far more disturbing and surreal.And that's exactly what you get with this. The game is filled with absolutely nightmarish imagery, using the same hand drawn, almost child like aesthetic of Close Your Eyes and Take the Dream IX. It leads to the same feeling of unreality that made those games so effective. This is a much bigger game than either of those two, though, as evidenced by the aforementioned 27 endings. It takes a lot of experimentation and trial and error to find endings, but it's well worth it if only to see what kind of new and terrifying twist the game can throw at you. It even messes with the conventions of the game, sometimes going into an Etrian Odyssey esque first person view. Unlike Etrian Odyssey, the circumstances this happens under are pretty goddamn freaky.At two bucks, this is an easy sell. It's got everything I loved about the developer's previous two games, and now has the added bonus of being extremely replayable and epxloration based."
,Recommended,428860,29926392,Posted: 14 February,all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"Wow this game is more interesting then I first originally thought. It has complex story but, in a way it's a good thing and adds to the player wanting to know more. I not sure what I was expecting when I first saw this game and to be honest I wasn't planning on even buying this game. I saw it in the ""upcoming"" tab on the game page and I looked over it and wasn't that interested. As to why I brought this game I'm not sure but, it's cheap and it's well worth a shot for horror fans out there.  Plus with several endings to hunt for, this game will keep you on your toes wanting to know more. I've only experienced three endings and I still have many more to find. Also this game has a great uneasy atmosphere."
76561198132228173,Recommended,428860,29919659,Posted: 14 February,all,Schwingalicious,"So far this game has been pretty interesting and I'm definitely enjoying the audio. I guess my main complaint would be how the saving system works, as in once you get an ending you have to restart. I'm fine with it since I'm still wandering around clicking on everything and all, but I think it's going to get a bit tedious after a while? I don't know, it's fine though. Character design is really nice as well and I can't wait to unlock things and get all the endings eventually. Am looking forward to playing this more!"
,Not Recommended,428860,30112869,Posted: 22 February,all,Hawk Zombie,"I...I can't do it.I tried...I tried to give it a fair chance, but I just can't go through with it. Playing this game feels more like a chore than enjoyable. Most of the art is crude and doesn't fit together very well. The endings are disjointed and don't make a lot of sense. I also hate the custodian character because once it sees you it is nearly impossible to get away from it.Part of me kinda likes this game, even with the bad voice acting and direction (one character calls the main character Rocket, when her name is Rockette). The story seems like it could lead somewhere interesting, and the writing isn't as bad as some other games of this ilk.Maybe the problem is with me. I just don't find the game all that fun, but since I unlocked a few achievements I feel like I -have- to play it.Perhaps it's more a comment on achievements in general :PI am not going to reccomend the game at this time. Maybe after I play more I may enjoy it, but as it sits, this is a crudely made game and not very fun.+Good Price Point+Interesting Story-Crude Artwork (in-game...the end game scenes are pretty nice, but most of the characters don't fit the game and look like they were made in MS Paint)-Bad voice acting and voice direction (Rockette, not Rocket)-Enemy Character far too fast and hard to avoid-Game ends after each ending and you need to restart the game. Also, you have to sit through the credits each time.TLDR: Crude game that isn't that fun, but has a certain appeal. Worth it if only you are a big fan of these types of games."
,Recommended,428860,31128218,Posted: 13 April,all,♡Madison,"God I am a wimp when it comes to horror games, I'm not sure why I even play them since I always have to take breaks before continuining sometimes.Anyways, I've gotten 2 endings so far and godamn this game truly creeps me out. That Janitor... Thing is terrible and everytime I hear that ugly laugh I want to die. Aunti G is also, very disgusting to me.Starry is best girl, but I need to find a way to not lose her everytime I get to the Janitor encounter area(whatever you call it).Also, the mixing of game styles(First Person, Regular RPG, etc.) is very surreal and freaked me the hell out when I played the hide and seek minigame.Thanks for a good game!"
76561198023001165,Recommended,428860,32779813,Posted: 25 June,all,Erdrick22,"This game is simple to play. The subject matter is mature. I liked it more than I thought I would.  When I came to the end , I couldn't wait to play again to see a different ending. I really liked it!"
,Recommended,428860,30248464,Posted: 28 February,all,sethron202,one of the best rpg maker games i have ever played. It is clearly noticable how much time and effort was put into this game. aside from a few glitches.one glitch or at least i think a glitch is sometimes when a monster catches you it will ask you for one of your adrenaline if you click yes it will ask you for a second adrenaline before you can continue takeing up double the amount that I imagein you would normaly need. if you deside to save your adrenaline you will get a game over screen and if you try to load the game from when you saved at a barrol you will be instatly asked for adrenaline to continue makeing the save feature of the game useless.aside from the small issues I found this game to be compleatly worth every cent
,Recommended,428860,31766443,Posted: 15 May,all,Quiet,"What a game!Currently as I write this, I've obtained Ending's P and F (With no jokes related on adding an A there!) and already I'm completely entralled! The gameplay is very simplistic, however if He sees you, you should hope you have enough stamina. The game itself from the get go really does well to draw you in, and the Host's beginning cameo is a wonderful touch of horror for those to experience Close Your Eyes prior. Though tragic, the story is beautifully detailed, and you'll need EVERY piece to discover it all (yes, including game overs!), making for excellent replay value (something I find most games lack). And the artwork is VERY simple though stunning.Without spoiling anything more, I would definitely recommend to those who love horror games and a great storyline. Remember, you must pay attention and really piece things together to get this. It isn't raw jumpscares that fuel the flames of the nightmare. If you loved Close Your Eyes, you WILL love this game!Though I'm certainly not brilliant, I aim to complete this game! I do have a Let's Play, if anyone wants a sneak peak of this masterpiece... With the addition of an idiot playing it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jh-Nu8YbNkA"
,Recommended,428860,31797521,Posted: 16 May,all,BadWolfDemon,"So I found Red Haze through Close Your Eyes, another game made by AestheticGamer. And lemme just say, his work is fantastic. Maybe not in art, but the stories he creates and how the characters are written really make you attached. One thing that I really love is that this isn't like mainstream horror games AT ALL. It doesn't follow the standard tropes that a lot of horror games have. It's different, there's so many hidden secrets, endings, and chance events that make you wanna play it over and over again.However, if I have anything constructive to say about the game is that it's harder to get into right away. Many people might not like the story right away because it leaves a lot to interpritation and questions. Plus some of the monsters are difficult to deal with, and can be rage inducing. But I think outside of that (and of course a couple little bugs here and there) that this game is really worth buying. And it's not even finished! There's still more endings to be added and it's exciting."
,Recommended,428860,31422408,Posted: 28 April,all,ファットディック,"I don't do many reviews because very few games really hit me hard enough to review them. This game however is completly different, I really loved this game. The game has a wonderful soundtrack, amazing atmosphere, lustrous story, and loads of secrets. Games like these really give me inspiration to create games because the creator does such a better job than next to any storyteller ive ever seen and he does this without money or publicity. After playing Red Haze, I enjoyed the game so much i went to see other games by aesthetic gamer. I played close your eyes and bought the goodie bag for it as well. Aesthetic gamer is my favorite game developer and I look forward to playing more of his games as they come out in the future. Now onto the bad, the game is unfinished so bugs are sure to be fixed. There are some things I dislike about the game. The saving function is pretty useless because of it not working between deaths and endings, some areas are really laggy, and running away from some monsters are way too difficult because of their speed. These are minor problems because they dont stop gameplay, HOWEVER the sucba diver will randomly slow down and check hidey holes making it an automatic death. Its very annoying.Either way red haze is one of my favorite games now and im looking forward to playing Close Your Eyes Intermission when it gets released."
,Recommended,428860,30127094,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr.Tape,"BEST RPG MAKER GAME EVER!I've been waiting for the release for Red Haze ever since the creator uploaded news about the first relase date! I have to say, a game like this made in RPG Maker MV was totally beyond my expections.I love the story development, graphics, artwork, soundtrack, I LOVE ALL OF IT!I'm glad that I've found this game on steam! Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,428860,32032614,Posted: 28 May,all,noryn4rlp,"This game has a great storyline, graphics, voice acting, and music.I played through Red Haze once and I liked the atmosphere of the game because it was disturbing and scary just like ahorror game should be; however, although there is nothing I don't like about this game the realism concerning the horror elements made me feel really powerfully sad.I don't particularly have a problem with horror games that are sad but I plan on donating food to the homeless in my town tomorrow - it's a powerful, evocative story even though I still have to play through it many times to understand the rest of the story (which I really look forward to)."
,Recommended,428860,33442132,Posted: 10 July,all,TheMemer,played this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for a total of 20 minutes and had around 50 heart attacksyour all♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198120540428,Recommended,428860,33549161,Posted: 14 July,all,Spreelly,would of been better without voice acting but it dosent kill it for me and it shouldnt for you ya little whipper snapper
,Recommended,428860,29942463,Posted: 15 February,all,Huckleberryhound,"https://youtu.be/s_Y03JdQsjoOk guys. This video was originally going to be a first look (i usually call them ""The first 15 minutes of...""), but an hour later when i tried to edit down the gamecaster video it all came out with interference. Seems the music caused it in the way it was attached to the game (?) so, as i post three times a week, and it was 2300 the day before my Wednesday release, it magically turned into a review...so bear that in mind.I quite liked this little game. I've talked in other reviews about what we should actually expect from a game costint €2 or of similar price. Would you expect michelin star service when you buy 2 euro burgers? So, i always set my expectations as low as the price asked...as long as it is playable, and i don't get a pube in my burger...i'm good.There is a lot in this game. The exposiiton at the beginning sets the game up to be exactly what it was not...and that's isn't meant to be an insult. Not sure yet why they made the main character a junkie, but i'm sure it will be made clear in later play throughs. My guess is it's all a bad trip. The character who played thejunkie sounds as much of a junkie as Adele does (look at me, i'm making pop references). That being said, you open up into a small horror based puzzle/point and clickish type game. I actually f5'd out of the game a bunch of times when i fell into the well. I didn't know yu had to wait for monster guy to put his pants on before he would finally emerge.What happened next was...odd. a nice odd. an odd from someone who understands horror games, so i won't spoil it. Amazing the atmosphere aesthetic gamer has put into such a cheap little game. I will play on for a bit to see if it gets better, or if things get clearerr.Thumbs up. I will be interested t osee what he could dowith abetter budget.Huck"
,Recommended,428860,29914213,Posted: 13 February,all,KyleKidd,"First Impressions and Review Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyD1d4bB-hA&feature=youtu.beRed Haze passed my expectations.  I found myself imersed in the creepy enviroment, interested in the story, and caught off guard by the creepy voice acting.PROS:The sound track and voice acting are all very well done.  Music/sound effects/voice acting are all very important in a game like this in order to pull off the proper feel and immersion.  They did a great job on all three acounts.Graphics are unto the artists own style I feel.  It's not a bad thing, but you know what to expect from screenshots before playing.  I personally dont feel like it takes away from the game, and some may even argue a minimalist artstyle adds to a horror setting.  Overall, I enjoyed this game and will be playing it again.There are a bunch of different endings.  I was slightly disturbed by the first one I got.  Wasn't exactly expecting that.  (in the video above).CONSI thought the controls were a bit stiff feeling.  Your character can only move up, down, left, or right.  You can't fluidly move diagnally.  It didn't bother me too much, but it was still slightly annoying.I'm not sure if all the story paths are like this, but the ending I got felt very short.  (Then again, I did pretty much mess up and get caught right away.  That one is probably on me)Game capture software doesn't seem to like this game for some reason.  FPS counter was frozen in top right of screen and steam notifications at the bottom right stayed permantly.  (These issues only were present when recording gameplay with bandicam).I wouldnt exactly call this a con, but the language is a bit strong.  Not sure why someone playing a horror game would be bothered by that, but just a forewarning."
76561198389396697,Recommended,428860,33632255,Posted: 18 July,all,Surfer Cyper,"LOved this game, love your youtube channel, dude you are the man(Zinexdoesgames on youtube)"
,Recommended,428860,30159906,Posted: 24 February,all,~#PrepareToDine~!,"*SPOILER WARNING*>First time playing>start game up>get through the dialogue>take key>go in basement>meet Starry>go into next apartment building>instantly lose Starry>creepy sh*t begins>end up warped into a well or something>ghostly face asks if I wanna play game>say yes, wanna play game>failed the game>he finds me>Ending10/10 want to find the other 23947239847 endings as well."
76561197995669628,Recommended,428860,33396367,Posted: 9 July,all,Sorokonojka,"Red Hazeis a psychological horror adventure with a web-like exploration format. I think the story progression and narrative was very well done but as a whole game suffers from unintuitive mechanics, convoluted puzzles and technical problems. It certainly has very mature themes so hopefully, that is something you can tolerate. Creating suspense and setting up jump scares is probably developer's biggest talent and it really shows in this game. Red Haze has a bit of a learning curve in terms of progression but I think anyone who likes campy experience will enjoy it.Technical ProblemsUnofrunetly, there are several notable issues here.  The first thing you will notice is the delay in walking controls. You will not be allowed to change direction until the character travels to the next grid and it really feels distracting. Maybe it could have been fixed by faster walking or smaller grid. The run will not always work with full stamina which is a bit of a problem since you have to run away from things (sometimes it will only work if I stop and then press it) .Many areas have a huge frame drop presumably due to bad coding since a game like this has no reason to lag. My antivirus removes EXE file every few hours which forces the game to update over and over. Looking up in forums it seems to be a common problem with this game.Also, the save feature is almost completely useless since game resets upon death. There is a reason for it do to how the game progresses but I still think that it could have been handled better. Although you can skip and speed up certain parts of the game you will still waste a lot of time reading same text and backtracking. Each time you complete the ending it makes you look at the credits and the game boots you out of the game (is that really necessary)Gameplay/ProgressionThe way the game moves forward is a bit confusing. There are 26 endings but some of them seem to be required to access other areas. So even though you are constantly starting from beginning you not actually starting the same playthrough. It is kinda like Undertale did it but a lot more rapidly. I like that format although it feels overwhelming with so many options and things to do. You are collecting all these items but you can only use so many per ending ( therefore unnecessary items will confuse you ) The puzzles range from fun to hard to completely unachievable without a guide. Well, the point of the game is probably a free exploration like Yume Nikki. However, it just feels like some of the solutions are so random I don't think I would guess them in a lifetime ( like double dipping on explored areas )Story/DialogueI don't recognize the voice actor for the main character but she did a really good job. Man, I can't even imagine her reaction to the script (God bless you) Game has a lot of voice acting, most of it is AestheticGamer through countless voice mutators so you have to appreciate the resourcefulness. Although it hurt immersion of the game when you realize that same person is trying to voice several characters by technical means. The story is pretty well written and I like the overall perspective on life. The plot is scattered throughout the game and collecting small story pieces is something that motivates you to play the game.Music/Atmosphere/ImmersionSingers did a really good job and I assume it was all originally made for the project. The game has much variety in both music and sounds effects. More importantly, the jump-scares were accompanied with well placed acoustic suspense. Most areas have some kind of ambiance which sets up a nice horror atmosphere.Immersion of this game is kind of like a bumpy surfing. I think AestheticGamer has a bad habit of commenting on his games in the actual game. Whenever you breaking that 4th wall you kind of implying that it's just a game and it cuts the suspense. Do to the restarting nature of the game the build up rarely lasts over 15 minutes so after few hours you are too exhausted to take the game seriously. There were few areas that startled me so I won't pretend that I felt comfortable entire time (just most of the time)ArtworkThe best word here is probably inconsistent. Cutscenes look great and there are a lot of them. The game itself is not particularly pretty with simplistic pixel animation and little to no detail in the environment (which is also a gameplay problem do to things blending in with background) Some places like dark areas have a really bad glare. On a bright side, there is just a huge amount of things to see. Although despite the below average design it did not really hurt psychological effects in the game. If you like disturbing gore you can at least enjoy that.Rating 7/10Red Haze stands out more in creativity than quality. As someone who likes campy games, I am enjoying it for a decent story, psychological effects, and rewarding exploration. The progression in this game takes couple hours to grasp so you have to warm up to game a little.  It's not the most intuitive game I ever played but if you looking for something weird it has lots of that. I am guessing it takes well over 20 hours to complete based on how many endings I am missing. For $2 seems like a really good deal."
,Recommended,428860,29930172,Posted: 14 February,all,VampireoftheSnpw,One of the best games I've played in a while. Different routes change when other things are done making me have to keep an open mind and even having some parts remembered in new routes is really cool. It's even keeping me in suspence as I try to avoid things. I've already played 8+ hours and still want to play and find more.The only problem I have is having to repeat certain things though a lot of them I don't mind.I really do recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,428860,33705624,Posted: 21 July,all,ProofreadFire,a pretty cool game. the art style is nice and pretty well done. i havn't gotten to far into it yet but it looks very promising.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8pC7Y_2cLU&feature=youtu.be
76561198334409903,Recommended,428860,34070559,Posted: 6 August,all,OverL00k,don't underestimate this game. It's well made for an rpg maker game and worth the price
76561198310051309,Recommended,428860,29999054,Posted: 17 February,all,NeoKitteh,Gewd Gaem.
,Recommended,428860,29928786,Posted: 14 February,all,Majestic Burnz,good game
76561198324664623,Recommended,428860,30026881,Posted: 18 February,all,Cowboy Tanaka,Good game
,Not Recommended,428860,30933494,Posted: 3 April,all,tanyafox.rael,"A bit laggy, slow story, and what is the point of save spots when I'm always forced to start over for each new ending?"
,Not Recommended,428860,30207391,Posted: 26 February,all,Cherry,It could have been nice if it didn't keep forcing me to keep play right from the start after it's game over. I am sure I have much Adrenaline left so I could have been able to play again from the save point but nope... it''s a chore to play it because of that.
76561198001134675,Recommended,428860,32262044,Posted: 7 June,all,russian player,really good but once u play it wif drugs you cant play it without them:(.
76561198034411106,Not Recommended,428860,30017523,Posted: 18 February,all,Dragon Dog,"I give this game a 5/10The game was average, but it is a rpg maker style game so maybe it's just software limitations that makes it so plain.This game makes you go back and forth from room to room doing things you've done already dozens of times over, with just one or two things different each time to solve a puzzle.Each time you get an ending the game closes and you have to restart the .exe. (I didn't like this feature)There was nothing really memorable in my playthrough except maybe ""the getting naked part"", and most scenes being voice acted.For me this game just felt like a waste of time really so i can't suggest playing it, but if rpg maker games are your thing you might enjoy it.-Oh yeah everytime you get a game ending you have to wait for the credits and the game to close to update the progress you've made."
,Recommended,428860,32051717,Posted: 29 May,all,neko lewds,rad
76561198080285143,Not Recommended,428860,30266941,Posted: 1 March,all,hardboiledbrain,"I have tried so hard to love this game...but in the end it all feels like some random events thrown right and left lacking any meat on the bone to make this an immersive horror experience.I feel like I going throught a depressive 13 year old  diary with severe ADHD,voice acting is amateur at best but would'nt be bothering me as much if their was any content to the script.In the end the game feels really much more like it as been design by a junky then giving you a hell ride in the pans of a surreal persona that struggle with drugs.But all  that being said the game is cheaper then a chocolate bar and it as good music,took a challenging subject and I guess tried really hard to round up a good amount of endings.C + for trying"
76561198169836006,Not Recommended,428860,34402271,Posted: 21 August,all,Miej,"refunded after 5min of playing it.  i just cant, sorry."
76561198026947539,Not Recommended,428860,33251874,Posted: 4 July,all,nobelios,"Well, graphics are out of the chart. The game is ugly, not old school, not indie, not special, but ugly. Other anoying point is the poor writting, a 12yo kid can write such a story. Last thing is the credits, you have no way to avoid them. For £1.5 I do not expect something excellent, but not this. Even the animation of movement is bad."
,Not Recommended,428860,32777806,Posted: 25 June,all,Ru!,More like Silent Hill: The Cringining
,Not Recommended,428860,33921224,Posted: 30 July,all,JeSuisContent,herro no plz no
